	Beautiful classy hotel	We booked this hotel in June for November and had not read any TripAdvisor reviews. After reading some particularyly disturbing stories of shabby bedrooms and poor service and even ladies of the night going about their business in the hotel I would have been tempted to book elsewhere but my friend had paid in full when she booked so this was not an option. I received an e mail from hilton concierge services prior to our departure and replied by telling them that I was concerned about the standard of the rooms after reading some bad reviews and requested a refurbished room. I recieved a reply stating that my request had been noted and if a refurbished room was available at the time of check in they would comply with my request. On arrival we checked in two hours early to be told that our room was ready and we went straight up to the 12th floor. Our room was absolutely fine and clean overlooking a very quiet courtyard so I was extremely relieved! We explored the public areas of the hotel which are absolutely beautiful . This is a really impressive hotel with a fascinating history. Everyone in the hotel was more than helpful , the service from all the staff was first class and we could not have asked for more. The barman mixed me a cocktail which was delicious nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff anywhere in the hotel. As this trip was a 50th birthday present from my friend to me the hotel put a bottle of sparking wine and a lovely welcome letter in our room which was a very considerate touch. In conclusion I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone. We had a lovely time here and would return in the future.	
	I wouldn't put my dog here	Was offered a &quot;luxury suite&quot; to compensate for previously very substandard accommodations e.g. peeling paint (probably lead), unclean room, furniture missing parts, etc. Some of the pictures already on the site pretty much tell the story. The &quot;luxury&quot; suite was nothing like their brochures would have you believe. Old 60's era furniture, utterly unclean. The kitchenette still had spilled coffee from the previous occupant and the stove? Didn't look like it had been cleaned in years. Grunge and leftover food. It was downright gross. Ruined my anniversary.	
Nov 24 2009	Perfect choice saving already to go back!	Lived up to our expectations!Staff were very friendly and most helpful.We had a room on 14th floor with 2 double beds overlooking Park Ave.It wasnt ready when we arrived so we were given a Voucher for 2 drinks!Only thing missing, as in most NY Hotels, was the kettle and tea/coffee.They need to take a leaf out of our N. Ireland Hotels&amp;Guesthouses.You MUST try Waldorf Sunday Brunch, expensive but worth it! It is a perfect base for sightseeing and shopping.We walked to Battery Park so wear comfy shoes.Took Staten Island Ferry (free) at sunset and views were spectacular!Breakfast at the Rock Center Cafe was exceptional-we had a table right beside the Ice Rink.So was our meal in Benihana.Smith and Wollensky was also worth the money.They are all just a few minutes walk away. Go to Top of Rock early in the day to avoid queues-views breathtaking.Buy a map for 2$ so you know what you are looking at and go RIGHT TO THE TOP.Bryant Park worth a visit - Christmas Market and Ice Skating in a lovely setting.Times Square on a Sunday afternoon has to be seen to be believed!Cant wait to return.Didnt have time to revisit Central Park but enjoyed walk by East River in the sun.	
Nov 23 2009 	distinguished manhattan hotel - needs some updating	Stayed in one bedroom suite, which was pretty big (not just by NYC standards either) first, the bad:Bathroom had very little counter space, just the sides od the sink and the bathroom itself was small considering the size of the room. Definitely too small for two people to be in at once. The shower curtain doesnt stay totally shut and water was all over the floor everytime I showered.The paint in the room (esp. near the windows) was warped, chipped and the wood exposed.I dont think the a/c in either room worked properly. it was set to 65, i left the room for a few hours, and when i returned it was still balmy. It was on, i could hear it, but cold air (even cool air) wasnt coming from either unit.Had cocktails at peacock alley and while they were friendly, the service was SO slow. it wasnt even very busy (it was much later than chocktail hour &amp; dinner) and even having our waters refilled or getting a second glass of wine took so long, we just decided to leave early.The good: even though the hotel was busy (they said it was booked at full capacity) check-in was quick and efficient and the clerk was very friendly. the location of the hotel was perfect for me - i had a meetings at a building mere steps away and there's great shopping just a few blocks away.the room was huge, both the bedroom and the living area. the flat panel tv's are big too. i dont think there was much &quot;hallway traffic&quot; but i never heard anyone walking by or any of my neighbours through the walls.had dinner at bull &amp; bear with a girlfriend and everything was fantastic - the service, atmosphere (very busy for a weeknight at 10) drinks &amp; wine and the meal itself! there were a lot of, er, questionable looking ladies there and it was certainly entertaining to see them in action loloverall this is a nice hotel - a manhattan classic - but it does need some updating. i will absolutely stay here again because of its location	
Nov 21 2009 	NYC Icon 	Beautiful hotel in a great location. The hotel has the history and finesse for New York City. Guest rooms are small, which is to be expected in such a large city. The carpet is very worn would be the only downside. The bathroom was beautiful. Sunday brunch is $95/person.	
Nov 19 2009 	Not up to scratch	First thing to note is that this doesn't act like a Hilton Hotel, so your diamond loyalty cards etc count for very little. We did manange to persuade them to give us breakfast in the Towers lounge but the regular off er was a voucher for StarbucksRooms are tired but large with the most revolting toiletries! Marzipan soap and clove shower gel! There is a large discrepency btw the room choices so do ask to be moved if you are not happy. We found service to be very patchy but if you were pesistent and got the right person, they were willing to help.The location is outstanding and worth a lot. The public areas of the hotel are beautiful and interesting - you are staying at an historic place. There is a poor level of communication regarding hotel facilities. We were told Oscar's brasserie was open when it obviously wasn't etc. Do check if you are planning to eat at a particular restaurant.To sum up; not bad but could be so much better.	
Nov 18 2009 	nice hotel but not worth the money	we are just home from our stay in waldorf astoria, had been reading the mixed reviews prior to our trip so decided to post my own review, check in was slow enough we arrived at 2pm and despite an early check in request we had to wait until 3pm,i know it is only one hour but i did request it at booking as ia m 7 months pregnant and knew i'd be tired and also other people were checking in around the same time. As everyone else has been saying the main areas of the hotel are very grand and expensive, but the rooms do not reflect this at all, they are in serious need of refurbisment, although clean the bathroom was dissapointing. tiles coming away from the wall and grout all discoloured, curtains in bedroom were a little grubby. I wouldn,t normally be so picky but when paying these prices i expected a little more for my money even with new york standards. Would not stay here again there are better hotels to stay in for less money.	
Nov 18 2009 	Stay somewhere else	First the positive notes: Can't beat the location. If you like a historical hotel, this one has a romantic history. Other than that...On their website, they offer an uprade (certainly not for free) if you request one. We requested a one bedroom suite on the Concierge floor. We were told that the website was wrong and that was not an upgrade. We were disappointed, but accepted a one bedroom suite in the main hotelDo not depend on the concierge service. I e-mailed them prior to our arrival to book a reservation at a nearby restaurant. I didn't hear back from them. When checking in, the gentleman at the reception desk said he would get back to me, which he did, saying there was no record of my e-mail and they'd be happy to make a reservation if I called them back. I called the concierge desk, who knew nothing about this, and the woman said she would get back to me. She didn't. Later that evening I spoke in person to one of the concierges who finally booked our reservation. When asking for directions to The Boathouse in Central Park, I was told it was &quot;very touristy&quot; and handed directions - which were wrong. Had we depended on our own map, we could easily have saved an hour's walk. We found the Boathouse, and thought it to be delightful and high end.Breakfast. We were only there for 2 days, so I cannot recommend an alternate, but you are virtually held prisoner if you wish to eat at your own hotel. The first morning, we had to line up for almost 45 minutes before we were seated. Continental Buffet: $32 Full Breakfast Buffet: $38 Excuse me, but if I'm paying $38 for breakfast, why am I making my own toast?? The cheapest item on the menu was an $8 bagel. It is overpriced and the buffet is sub-par with very runny scrambled eggs and rubber potatoes. The next morning, we lined up once again, and were asked if we had a reservation! For breakfast in OUR OWN HOTEL? Outrageous.If you have an endless budget, and can stay in the Boutique part of this hotel, then by all means, stay here. Otherwise, look elsewhere.	
Nov 17 2009 	A Step back in time without loss of service	A fabulous hotel, beautifully presented, a step back in time to an era of luxury and style. Helpful, pleasant staff, delicious food, central to everything and a lovely retreat from the bustling, lively city f New York,	
Nov 17 2009 	PERFECT!	I had the perfect stay at the Waldorf Astoria. From the minute we checked in till we left everything went smooth.We were checked in at a private office: no standing in line. The room we booked wasn't available but they immediately upgraded us to an other room. Once in the room we got a phonecall to check if everything was in order and as we wished and if we needed anything else.The hotel itself is GORGEOUS!! Even if you're not staying there, you should go and see it. Beautiful detailing in the floor, the ceiling, elevator doors, ... even the public bathroom is to die for.The food is excellent (a bit pricy though), the sunday brunch lavish.The staff is verry helpfull.Our room was spotless every day!At night it was suprisingly noisy in our room, I'm not sure if it was the traffic or the AC, but then again it's NYC, not the Adirondacks.Ok, the carpet in the hallways has seen better days and should be renovated allong with a couple of things here and there, but nothing major.And it has a great location.I would definitely go there again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Unmissable experience	Stayed at Waldorf Astoria with mother and sister form the time we arrived and were escorted from car to lobby we were treated with courtesy and politeness. It did not matter if you were in jeans or furs guests are guests.We did have a room upgrade so it as large enough for all 3 of us-although the access to the closet was restricted by 1 of the beds,Beds,pillows and duvet soft and comfortable,daily change of linen and towels too.The room was very warm and the windows did not open and the heating/cooling system a bit outdated and inefficient.Eating and drinking at the hotel v.expensive even the &quot;Inhouse&quot; Starbucks was 50% more expensive than outside-there is one around the corner on 50th and Lexington.But it is in a great locationand to sit in the front lobby and watch the coming and goings of all sorts of guests is not to be missed.It is a bit faded but the old glory still evident.	
Nov 14 2009 	Classy hotel that lives upto its reputation	Enjoyed a wonderful time in this classic hotel, staff were exceptional with any requests dealt with immediately and nothing seemed to be too much trouble. restaurants were expensive but the food was of the highest order and worth the cost. Try the steaks in the Bull and Bear, they are fantastic.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great experience - will be back	This is a stunning art deco hotel in a great location – within walking distance of 5th Avenue, Grand Central, Central Park and Macys. The bedrooms are not up to the same decorative standard as the public spaces (that would be hard) but we had a spacious comfortable room for three. The staff were fantastic – friendly and courteous. Cleaning staff are constantly on duty throughout the hotel and pay great attention to detail. The restaurants in the hotel are a little pricey - we weren’t keen on Peacock Alley but Oscars was a real treat for breakfast and the steaks in the Bull &amp; Bear were delicious! It was a real pleasure staying in a hotel so full of history – we’ll definitely be back!	
Nov 11 2009 	Still has its charme!	Last March after a not-so-good stay at the Westin New York @ Times Square, decided to stay our last nights at the Waldorf Astoria in New York. At check-in were upgraded to one of their One Bedroom Suites who really have the nice, classic, luxurious fibe the hotel is known for. The breakfast vouchers for Starbucks in the hotel were not so special, but for the rest the hotel is really undescribly beautiful!	
Nov 5 2009	Everything we expected and more!	Before this visit, I last stayed at the Waldorf-Astoria in May 2007. On both visits, I was given a large, clean comfortable room. The staff was helpful and efficient. Room service was prompt, housekeeping was diligent, and the front desk and business center staff handled every request promptly and correctly. Everything was absolutely perfect and I have no complaints at all.Well, just one. Don't try to take the elevators between 11:30 and noon, when everyone's trying to check out. The location is perfect; just far enough away from 5th Avenue that it's not really noisy at night, but close enough to walk to a lot of major attractions. There's also a subway station right across the street.	
Nov 2 2009 	Classic New York Hotel	A beautiful hotel, loved the lobby, ballroom, atmosphere and breakfast.	
Oct 27 2009 	Dirty old bedrooms in need of a refurb.	I picked this hotel as a family break. The foyer of the hotel is grand, the checkin is slow and poor. When we were given the keys to our two rooms and went up in the lift as we got to our floor WHAT a come down. It was like a 1930s bed and breakfast. The paint was dull the paper was hanging off the wall the bed was dirty and the bathroom was old and dirty. I complained to reception but the staff did not want to know. After a lot of shouting we did get moved, but these were in a no better state. I would not recomend this hotel.	
Oct 25 2009 	Decrepit suite	I could not believe our suite. I made reservations 2 months in advance and requested a large suite. Our suite was large, but that was it. It had 2 1980 TV's, no flat screen, When I complained, they put in flat screens, but they did not work. The electrical work in the room needs upgrading. The bathroom tiles were coming apart, the shower looked like a motel 6. We are still in New York, but have since moved to the Pierre. The management here really does not know how to run a hotel. I was disgusted.	
Oct 23 2009 	Perfect Location	The Waldorf Astoria lives up to it's reputation as a world renowned hotel. From the moment you enter the hotel you are aware of the service that you will receive. The rooms are lovely with city views and offer everything that you could possibly require. The decor had a traditional English vibe which I loved. The main pro of this hotel is it's location which is in easy walking distance of Grand Central Station, Central Park, Fifth Avenue and Times Square. The Waldorf Astoria is well worth paying for. Pure luxury! The starbucks in the lobby entrance was another bonus for me and went in there every morning. I did not have the chance to try it but so many other guests recommended the Sunday Brunch so I would definitely sample that if I went back. Service was fantastic from the check in desk to the doormen. Ignore all negative reviews and stay at the Waldorf!	
Oct 22 2009 	Old world elegance with modern conveniences	I travel to New York frequently on business and stay at the Waldorf as often as possible. The rooms are quite spacious (especially by New York standards!), well decorated, and comfortable. I adore the food---the cheesecake is not to be missed--and the service is top notch. A few months back, room service somehow lost my order; within minutes of realizing their mistake, the Waldorf had sent up the kitchen manager to personally apologize and our entire meal was comped (with extras thrown in). Overall, one of my favorites in New York.	
Oct 22 2009 	Very Disappointing	We booked the Waldorf Astoria in New York for 4 nights on the last leg of a family holiday to America after researching the hotel website and in particular the guest rooms which looked lovely in the photos and were described as &quot;luxurious guest rooms&quot;. They were also described as &quot;cheerful bedrooms with oversized marble bathrooms which give our rooms a delightful ambience&quot;.We arrived late on the Sunday evening, checked in and then went down to one of the restaurants in the hotel for a meal which was extremely pricey (as we expected) but some of the restaurant staff were almost to the point of being rude - not the &quot;unparelled hospitality and service&quot; promised on the hotels website.On returning back to our room we did notice that it looked a little bit tired but as we wanted to make the most of New York's sights we only really used our room for sleeping and bathing until our last day when we spent some time in the room packing and that was when we started noticing things. For example, the net curtain at the window was flithy, the valances on the bed had holes in and were stained, paint was peeling off in the bathroom, the sealant was hanging off over the bath/shower, the toilet seat was loose (you had to be careful how you positioned yourself when you sat on it!) and the vent in the bathroom was full of dirt which must have taken months to accumulate.There were 10 of us in our party which meant we had booked 5 rooms for 4 nights each which we had booked and paid for 5 months in advance. At the time of booking we had also upgraded the rooms. I'm sure there are some nice rooms in the hotel - apparently the President stays at the Waldorf in the Presidential Suite when he goes to New York so I'm assuming that's quite a nice room! - but unfortunately it would seem that none of our party had a nice room as on our return and discussing the hotel it appeared that there were similar problems in all the rooms. My sister in law wouldn't even put her bare feet on the carpet in her room as it seemed so dirty and these were the upgraded rooms - what would we have got if we hadn't upgraded???When you arrive at the hotel and go into the main reception you are struck by the elegance and opulence as with most of the main areas of the hotel but unfortunately this didn't continue through to the guest rooms we were allocated. This was the third hotel we stayed in on our trip to America and we didn't have any issues with the other two hotels we stayed in (the first in San Francisco and the second in Las Vegas) neither of which have the reputation that the Waldorf Astoria has. Unfortunately that seems to be what the hotel is trading in on - its past reputation as it definitely didn't live up to our expectations and we certainly wouldn't return.	
Oct 21 2009 	The Worst Stay Ever And I Have Traveled The World	NO room ready after travel from Europe and made a special request for an early check in months in advance. Told to change in the public bathroom off the lobby to reach walking clothes and shoes. An abrupt angry black man at the concierge desk told us to change now or he was taking our luggage..NOW! So we flung it open in the lobby and changed shoes and what have you there!! How crude and how rude..and this was supposed to be a luxury hotel..Our room ..at the farthest end of the hallways with a city view was a wall. When our luggage was brought up to our room the sandwiches we had purchased prior to check in were gone. So we hope whoever ate them enjoyed our lunches. The tub was almost completely plugged and the permanent ring on the tub belied that it always ran that slow. We took showers standing in each others shower water. Managment said we should have called them and they would have sent up a plumber to fix it. IF THE PHONE WAS WORKING...we may have called..but also We came back to our room at midnight and had an early check out to fly out of NY. Was a plumber going to be working into the morning hours while we sat on our beds in this tiny cramped room and waited to shower??? we had to wait for a room..now this too?? My friends from Europe said it best at the impression left by this American luxury hotel staff...I always thought Americans were very proper and professional. I see now they are not.&quot; I cannot tell you how embarrassing that was and remains.. That first impression can never be removed...and to think it happened at the Waldorf Astoria in NYC on Park Avenue....for shame.	
Oct 20 2009 	Excellent Room	Stayed on the 7th floor, Park Ave side and found the room to be spotless. Could be the room has been redone lately as it had a flat screen TV and was in excellent condition. Have stayed here in the past and have always had a great room. It was a business trip but the location has always been perfect for walking to the theater, Rock-center, shopping etc. Lobby was always busy and check in took longer then we liked but it is a large hotel.	
Oct 20 2009 	outstanding	I met my best friend and her parents in NY in the middle of my tour across Canada and stayed in this amazing hotel! First time in new york, amazing location with a starbucks restaurant and bar in the hotel and a few minutes walk from times square this is definitely a great choice. very spacious bedrooms with ensuite, lcd tv, radio/alarm :) I would definitely recommend	
Oct 18 2009 	Resting on its laurels	I'm afraid our stay at the Waldorf was very much marked by our check-in experience. I booked and paid for a superior king room 6 months before our arrival. We checked in at 7pm. The receptionist found our booking and quickly allocated our room. However, when she handed us the keys, she quickly mentioned our &quot;Queen room&quot;. We pointed out that we had booked a King room.She looked slightly ashamed and went back to her computer and found us a king room.At that point, we reminded her that we had booked a king superior room. At that point, she admitted that they had no king superior rooms left. She could not explain why our room had been allocated. She could not upgrade our room and could only offer us the king deluxe.She then tried to palm us off by saying that there was no difference in the deluxe and superior rooms save for size. So why charge so much more for the deluxe then?!She then offered us a $50 credit if we would stay in the deluxe room. When I protested further, she said that she would upgrade our room on the second day of our stay.I know it may sound I'm whinging when we got a $50 credit and then an upgrade for the remainder of our stay. However, we very much felt that the Waldorf tried to pull a fast one. Rather than being upfront about the overbooking, it tried to give us an inferior room to the one we booked. It wasn't until we pushed hard that we reached a compromise. The hotel never apologise. I have left it two weeks since completing its questionnaire and making these points, but it hasn't responded to me.We weren't the only ones to have this problem - the guy next to us in the check in queue was being given the same treatment.We were allocated a small suite for our second night onwards. Very nice sized room with a sofa, desk and flat screen tv. A lovely touch is the digital radio alarm clock. The bed was comfy save for the pillows which were way too soft for our UK taste.On the downside, the rooms are quite dark. The bathrooms are in desperate need of updating - the paper was peeling from the walls, the water took an age to heat up, the bath is very shallow and the shower was just a showerhead fixed to the wall rather than on a riser rail.The main parts of the hotel are beautiful but other less public areas seem to need a real good clean and spruce up. The decor can be &quot;olde worlde&quot; but clean at the same time!We found service in the bars very slow and not good quality. The drinks are extremely expensive. Go across 50th to the old church for better service and quality. Food too is over priced - if you want steak, go to Smith + Wollensky which is on Lexington and 49th.The lady who reports on the problems with prostitues is right! Whilst we didn't have the disruption that she did, the hotel bars are used by hookers to pick up hotel guests. This is tolerated by the hotel. The practice isn't blatant, but you can spot it a mile off!	
Oct 16 2009 	Stay from Hell	My Auntie and I stayed for 3 nights at the Waldorf and it was terrible.The room was very grand, beds were lovely, service was good but we could not sleep due to the people in the next room. After talking to one of the sales assistants at Saks - I realised what was going on next door!!!!! The Waldorf allows Call Girls in to guest's rooms - each night we were awoken to the couple's screams, the headboard banging against our bedroom wall and then the hotel slamming as the Call Girl finished her business. It was a nightmare. We did complain after we had checked out - the manager did not want to know. Would never ever stay there again.	
Oct 15 2009 	amazing hotel clean 	stayed for one night - had an amazing time. it was an anniversary. rooms were clean and beautiful, and the staff was absolutely helpful . would definitly recommend you stay here if coming to NY!	
Oct 15 2009 	Good value and service but in need of updating	I booked a suite for a two night stay and was pleasantly surprised by an upgrade to a one bedroom with a foyer, huge living room, and bathroom. The room had very good bones (super high ceilings, nice mouldings), but it really needs new decor. The bathroom was very old and small. The toilet paper dispenser was rusty, the paint was chipping off the door moulding, etc. The good news is that at $465/night, it was a relatively good deal in NYC, but we would not have been happy if we had not received the upgrade to the huge 1 BR. Room service was alarmingly expensive ($25 for a steak sandwich) but the service overall was excellent and attentive. The dark lobby where checkin takes place is outdated an in dire need of a renovation. I will say, however, that if the place were renovated, the prices would skyrocket to St. Regis heights. Overall, I thought it was a good value for NYC.	
Oct 13 2009 	Saddened at the performance of an iconic historical hotel.	My husband &amp; I have stayed before &amp; I loved every moment we shared at the hotel including the restaurants. This time, the rooms were dirty, the service was slow, the food was marginal and the drinks were poor. We were very disappointed. We will not be back.	
Oct 13 2009 	Beautiful hotel	This is a beautiful hotel with a perfect location if you are visiting New York! Walking distance or a short cab ride to all the attractions: Financial District, Island boat ride, SoHo, Madison Ave.,St. Patrick's Cathedral, etc. Accomodations were nice and service was good.	
Oct 13 2009 	stay here if you can afford it	We nearly didn't stay at the Waldorf because of some of the reviews on trip advisor and what a mistake that would have been. Ditto for Raffles in Singapore. Forgive my rave, but either some people like to whinge or they only look at the negatives. So what if something tiny sometimes goes wrong. Get over it and enjoy everything else. These are grand old hotels and an experience that you should have if you can afford it. Anyone can stay at run-of-the-mill five-star hotel, but these places are truly different. I've been meaning to write something here for a long time because staying at the Waldorf was so much fun and there are so many poor reviews below. Ignore them and give it a go.	
Oct 12 2009 	Find someplace else to stay	I've stayed at the Waldorf for over 30 years and this stay was heartbreaking! They have cut their staff and quality to what you would expect from a Motel 8. Our room was dirty and dusty, the glass had enough dust to write your name on it. The once superb linen has been replaced with cheap linen and the pillows are nothing but air! The Bull and Bear was way-over-priced for the portion and quality of the food. When I spoke to the limo drivers, most said they have heard the same complaints from other people who stayed there recently. It's too bad to see such a wonderful place go from the top to the bottom in such a short amount of time! I strongly suggest you try the old Meat Packing District or any one of the other hotels in NYC	
Oct 12 2009 	Old time elegance with modern day appeal	My first trip to New York ended off with a stay at the Waldorf Astoria just after getting engaged and our stay at this famous landmark hotel was the perfect way to end off a perfect trip. Our room was lovely and the view of Park Avenue with it's beautifully decorated trees all the way down the avenue was amazing. I highly suggest the sunday brunch at the Peacock Lounge, it is the best brunch I have ever had anywhere and have never experienced anything like it since. Check-in was quick and efficient, even though there were long queues due to it being a very busy time of year. On the day of check out, they kindly held on to our bags in order for us to take in some last minute sight-seeing. We returned to The Waldorf for a second stay in February of 2007 and we weren't dissapointed, everything was just as great as the first time around. Just a tip, request your transfer driver/taxi driver, to drop you off at the &quot;check-in&quot; entrance, and not at the front of the hotel in Park Avenue, as you have to drag your bag up the stairs and through the foyer to get to the check-in counter. If you arrive at the hotel guest check-in entrance, the concierge marks your bag and stores it, and by the time you have checked-in and get to your room, your bags are already waiting for you. The doormen also went the extra mile, hailing cabs for guests, and even asked us where we were going and told the cab driver where to take us. The doorman even called Madison Square Garden for us to check what time the game started! Compared to other five-star hotels in the city, I feel The Waldorf offers way more value for money...they just don't make them like this anymore!	
Oct 11 2009 	Beautiful and Romantic	A truly wonderful experience. Lots of shopping, great food and wine..right around every corner. Beautiful rooms comfy beds~	
Oct 11 2009 	Not worth it. Hiding behind its brand name..	Having traveled to Waldorf with an expectation of comfort and luxury, I was definitely surprised with the ordinary room (not even have a flat screen). The room needs a renovation urgently. The hotel is everything except an elegant hotel. The lobby is like New York Penn Station. In the lobby you have to wait at least for 25 minutes for just a cup of coffee. This hotel needs a complete renovation like the Plaza. They cannot hide behind its legacy any more. For sure this was the first and last time I will stay over there. Only positive side was the hotel's location. just two blocks from Saks 5th.	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice but over rated	Beautiful lobby but very crowded and noisy. Took over 30 mins to get our luggage to our room. The rooms were small and the curtains( sheers) in our room were dirty, black at the bottom. We had a view of the a/c unit. At the price we paid we should have had at least a view of the street. The bartenders at Peacock Alley were great and very attentive. I would not stay here again. The attached steak house was way overpriced and the food was marginal. My chair was broken and when I asked for a new one the waiter took the broken one put it at another table and gave me a new one..I would hope that some one else did not have the misfortune of sitting in the same broken chair.	
Oct 9 2009 	The Waldorf Astoria is a fabulous hotel!	From the moment we stepped out of the cab the service was first class. Gus, the doorman, was so friendly and funny. All the people there were warm and helpful. The room we got was bigger than I expected and the beds were comfortable. The hotel lives up to its name... Grand, elegant, first class service. My friends and I never ate there because the restaurants are overpriced(especially room service). However, this was not a problem because there are so many places to eat there. Go to the Starbucks on the right side of the hotel. You'll pay half the price compared to the one in the hotel. I would definitely stay here again!!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful 16th Birthday Celebration at the Waldorf	I recently treated my daughter to a fabulous stay at the Waldorf Astoria for her 16th Birthday! It was a magical place for her to turn 16, the hotel staff treated us like royalty! The hotel room was beautiful and we had an excellent view of New York City. The location of the hotel made it easy for us to get around the whole city. I would strongly recommend staying there to anyone, especially if you are traveling in this city without a man. We felt very safe in this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Old World Elegance	My daughter really wanted me to stay here and against my wishes, I did. It was a truly wonderful experience - sort of a throw back to the old days of luxury and service. My room happened onto a rooftop area overlooking Park Avenue and I enjoyed watching Park Avenue come alive in the morning. Everyone, from the doormen to the housekeeping staff was wonderfully friendly, albeit a little formal, and I truly enjoyed my stay here.	
Oct 8 2009 	Not quite what we were hoping for	We stayed in the Waldorf Towers section of the Waldorf=Astoria for a couple nights in early August and were pretty disappointed with our experience.Although the main lobby is beautiful, when you get up to your floor, the hallways are UNBELIEVABLY dated and the carpeting smells like it hasn't been replaced in decades.Sadly, the room wasn't much better. The whole place needs an overhaul, and given the prices they ask (which thankfully wasn't as bad for us because we used points), the guests deserve better.Additionally, continental breakfast was included with the Waldorf Towers, but the room in which it is served is pathetic. Loud window units provide the air conditioning, and the service leaves much to be desired -- At one point I had the pleasure of listening to the manager actually yelling at one of her team. Do we really need to see/hear this kind of thing?	
Oct 8 2009 	Its worth it for the History	We visted New York in June of this year for my wife's 40th birthday, and as a surprise I booked the Waldorf Astoria. On arrival she was delighted with the choice, and proceeded to look at the historic pictures etc, the reception was excellent and so efficient. We were allocated a corner room overlooking Park Avenue and the church etc, it was huge, with the comfiest bed ever. It is an experience to stay at the Waldorf, and we had a good time just wandering around the place looking at the pictures etc.Its not cheap, but you wouldn't expect that we had a few drinks in the hotel and ordered breakfast in the room on my wife's birthday (£110) but if you can stay there once, it is worth it just for the experience.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great location	We stayed at this hotel 2 days during our honeymoon.The staff at reception gave us a free upgrade to the tower as we were honeymooners :-) Great start!The free morning buffet in the tower is okay, but nothing extreordinary - but hey it's free.Great location but maybe not the best value for money. I think you pay lots of money for the brand of the Waldorf Astoria.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Dissapointment	I travelled with my sister to NY and we spend two days in the worldwide-famous Hotel Astoria, as was my sister &quot;Dream of her life&quot;. The experience was disappointing from begonning to the end: long waiting upon check in, the rooms (we booked superiour!) were in quite bad conditions (bathroom forniture with cello-tape!) and not really clean (specially the bathroom), the lady who made the turndown service came in and out without doing anything at all, during breakfast we had to leave our table to go back to reception to ask for some &quot;breakfast vouchers&quot; we never been told about. Upon departure we had to go to pick our luggage ourselfs... We wrote a letter to the management leaving our contact details and they never got back to us...	
Oct 5 2009 	Best hotel ever	best hotel ever, just like a dream... what a room!	
Oct 5 2009 	Old tired hotel rooms badly in need of upgrading	Arrival - I was on transit in NYC on 22nd Aug 2009 so only stayed a night. If it's any longer, I wld definitely have changed hotel. It was past 1am when I arrived at the hotel. When the taxi drove up at the hotel driveway, it was &quot;under&quot; the hotel. A little uncomfortable for me, a lady traveler as I need to take a &quot;dated&quot; elevator alone to the hotel lobby. The hotel lobby is probably the most impressive area.Check-in - A'lthou it was at such “early” hr, there's a queue of abt 5~6pax waiting for check-in. I was tired but was told that only smoking rooms are left although I have asked for a non-smoking one at reservations. I agreed wit the other advisors that some of the service staff is v rude. The statement to me put plainly was &quot;our hotel is full, if u don’t want the room, fine, there are others waiting in queue.&quot; I left the queue to rest out my frustrations. I re-queued &amp; pleaded wit another staff that it's simply too much for me, a lady to wander the street at such hour to look for another hotel. After much hassle &amp; talking to his manager, he managed to get me a non-smoking room. By the time I checked in, OMG, it was 2.30am!Room - As expected, it's dated. The windows look into the air-well so there ain't much to see. It has a stale smell, the TV is a huge boxed-up type, &amp; u will be given a key to open the fridge. There’s no complimentary bottled water so if u think u will not be used to drinking tap water, make sure u buy a bottle fr the airport before heading to the hotel. Considering the room rate, bedroom slipper is not provided so rem to bring your own.Bathroom - Very small wit boxed-up mirror like those in see in the movies in the 60's. There is simply no space at the wash basin to put my personal items. After my late shower, I searched high &amp; low for the hairdryer in the bathroom &amp; the dresser table without much success &amp; decided to go to bed wit my semi-wet hair. The next morning, I found it hanging on the side wall of the walk-in closet. At least cotton wool/pad &amp; cotton bud is provided. My experience wit US hotels is that they dun provide tooth brush or tooth paste so do rem to bring your own. I hope someone is reading tis - wit the strict no water/gel rule on the air planes, it wld help if tooth brush n paste are provided.Food - After a long night, (or was that early morning?), I had brkf at the Oscars. It was terribly expensive. An American brkf - toast, two eggs cooked at your choice wit either ham OR bacon OR sausage, a cup of juice &amp; a cup of coffee OR tea cost US$28 without tax. And its not even buffet style. I know tis is NYC but must it be that expensive?? I had lunch at the Pier which is reasonably priced. I also found a Metro cafe very near to the hotel where u can have cheaper toast, cakes &amp; coffee. Beds - good enough for a night's rest.Check-out - again long queue. Either the hotel is badly under-staffed or is really really v busy.All said, tis hotel has definitely seen better days. It is also within walking distance to tourist attractions &amp; the sub-way. But for the $, I suggest u do more homework &amp; consult wit more advisors to check out other hotels nearby.	
Sep 27 2009 	Old Class Style	Stayed there for three nights during a conference. While i much prefer the style of a new property, it was a nice treat to experience a taste of the old luxury. While the hotel was clean, it still felt very old... (old furnishings, smell, etc). I think if they maybe updated the hotel, and furnishings, i'd be more likely to return. Overall, service was very good, location was great and the food was delicious.	
Sep 27 2009 	Truly horrible....will never return	I stayed here many years ago (2000) as a treat for my mother's birthday and it was absolutely wonderful. I've been back once since then in 2003 and it was clear things were heading downhill. However, this year my mother and I were returning to New York and she asked if we could stay at the hotel once more. Since I'd read that Hilton were introducing the Waldorf-Astoria Collection I (wrongly) assumed they would have invested in their flagship hotel. Not the case, check in was dreadful and we were given a single room. I complained by calling down from the room and was told by the reception manager that she was too busy to deal with me or my complaint. I went down to reception and threatened to make a fuss in the lobby if something wan't sorted and they found us a larger room, but still not the one I'd booked. We were there during labour day weekend for the US Open tennis and the hotel was packed. Clearly customer service had gone out the window. The new room was much larger but horribly old, tired and dirty. It even verged on the dangerous as the carpet was so threadbare that both my mother and I slipped over on it several times. Nothing has been updated or changed since our original stay in 2000. All the flower arrangements have been removed and even the carpets in the public spaces are dirty. Such a shame for a once fabulous grande dame. The only saving grace is that the beds are still comfortable. However, I doubt Hilton have any plans to change those either so presumably the only positive factor will be gone in a couple of years time. The service is laughable....after the mix up with the rooms, we were promised an additional foldaway bed which never arrived and then a complimentary bottle of cheap champagne was delivered to our room in apology....except that it wasn't for us. My mother and I were addressed as Mr and Mrs...when we queried this the poor confused chap simply picked up the tray and walked back out of the room with it. So dreadful it was actually funny... I filled in a feedback form but am not suprised that I've heard nothing from Hilton. Stay away....I hear the Kitano is a much better option, especially if cleanliness is high on your list of priorities.	
Sep 27 2009 	Wonderful Experience at the Waldorf Towers	This hotel is truly you get what you pay for. Our last visit we got a good price on a room in the regular part of the hotel. It was a great room, but right in line with what we paid. This visit we decided to splurge and get a suite room in the Towers. The Towers is a hotel within the hotel and has a separate private lobby with check in and elevator. The room was about 3 times more than the rate we paid for the regular hotel, but it was worth it for us. For the reviewers complaining about dealing with lines and &quot;regular people&quot;at the hotel pay the extra money and stay on the Towers side. You can't choose their cheapest room and expect it to be on the same lines of those much more expensive. Our suite was extremely roomy and beautiful. The bathroom was gorgeous. The Tower's rooms include a continental breakfast that is excellent and well done. The staff was extremely helpful and there is never a wait for anything in the Towers lobby. The next time we go back to New York we will be staying at the Waldorf Towers, there is no other place like it.The only time we were not pleased was when we received very spotty and rude service Friday and Saturday evenings in the lobby bar the Peacock Alley. We were having pre out to dinner cocktails and we were ignored both evenings by both waiters. Our drinks were empty for over 10 minutes before they came back to offer another. Terrible for any place especially this one.	
Sep 24 2009 	Old school style	We are both 25 and thought the WA might be a bit old school for us, which it actually is, but in a good way. Its old school luxury and has a great classic feel to it. I would recommend it to anyone who wants great service and a great location. We had a suite which had a huge living room, walk in wardrobe and massive bedroom. bathroom was a bit small compared to the rest of the suite but overall very clean and well presented.	
Sep 24 2009 	Very Grand - in great location	Beautiful hotel. As with most large hotels rather impersonnal. Our room was over looking the air-con machines so quite noisy. Room too hot but couldn't open the window!Can't really complain though as got an amazing on-line deal so excellent value whatever.Couldn't afford breakfast in the hotel but there was the usual Starbucks in the foyer - this seemed to be the most popular choise for many people staying at the hotel! Glad we stayed there.	
Sep 24 2009 	The Old Lady Still Has Her Mojo	Are there likely better, nicer, more upscale hotels in 2009 in NYC? Sure. But few, if any, have the name Waldorf-Astoria. You can feel the history the moment you walk in the lobby and you realize that you are someplace special. The famed hotel still has its charm. The standard room was pleasant, decent size, and functional even if lacking the &quot;oh, wow&quot; atmosphere of the lobby. So close to so many sights and sounds of the Big Apple...St. Bart's Church, St. Patrick's Cathedral, shopping, and Times Square all within easy and safe walking distance. The service is first class. Recommend a nightcap in Harry's Bar off the lobby before you retire for the evening. With Frank Sinatra tunes playing softly in the background, you'd half excpect 'Ol Blue Eyes himself to come walking through the door. Room prices are very reasonable in this down economy and competitive lodging environment.	
Sep 24 2009 	A memorable NYC experience	We decided to go to New York at the last minute and wanted to experience the city and its many treasures all in one weekend. The Waldorf was the perfect way to do it. We got a great deal through Travelocity. Our room was a little noisy because it was close to the elevators, but it was still luxurious and comfortable. Simply admiring the lobby and the reception, you feel like you have elegantly traveled back in time. My only regret would be ordering an $8 iced tea while having lunch at Oscar's; but I guess, that's just part of the NYC experience. Overall, I loved this hotel and its many amenities. I highly recommend it!	
Sep 22 2009 	Class is timeless	Hi,we had a wonderful few days at the Waldorf ,service as one would expect was superb,Toni[silver haired master of knowledge]knew everything about anything we needed to know or do,our room a superior on the 16th floor was excellent ,with 2 large beds and a superb large screen tv.We will definately be back.	
Sep 20 2009 	Iconic hotel paid for the name	The original Waldorf Astoria was a glamorous place that was as gorgeous as one could expect. The Bull and Bear and Peacock Alley were ritzy and classy, but the rooms were not what one would expect for the price.My friends and I only stayed one night, so maybe we didn't have a chance to fully experience it, but we really didn't love the rooms. They were old and small. The AC didn't work, and someone had to come up to our rooms at 2AM to use a special wand to open the windows which only slightly helped. Of course, the rooms were very clean, but that was about it.I understand you are paying for the opportunity to say that you stayed at the Waldorf, and it was definitely worth it in that respect. We had lunch at the Peacock Alley, where our martinis cost more than our entrees. We had a couple of drinks at the Bull and Bear during happy hour and then came back with more friends at around midnight. They were great to us then, and we'd gladly go back for the Bull and Bear alone.Check in was a hassle, and our room wasn't ready until it was almost time for us to be at dinner, so that was inconvenient, and the line for checkout the next morning was long as well. Worst of all, the internet wasn't free!Overall, it was great to be able to stay in such an iconic location, but I probably wouldn't do it again. I'd rather spend the same amount for a larger room with a quieter atmosphere.	
Sep 19 2009 	Fantastic iconic hotel in a great location	We had high expectations of the Waldorf Astoria and we were not disappointed. We were fortunate to be upgraded to a suite, which was very luxurious and huge. The room was beautifully furnished and very clean. Whilst the bathroom was fairly small in comparison to the room it provided everything you need.The hotel lobby and reception are very impressive and the levels of service from reception and concierge are very high.One word of warning... if you order room service the prices are ridiculous, being from the UK we are not used to all the extra service charges and had never had such an expensive fairly ordinary pizza!The location enabled us to walk to most areas of interest and there is a subway nearby if you are going slightly further. The hotel recommended a diner nearby (Comfort Diner) for breakfast, which we really enjoyed - huge portions and lots of choice.	
Sep 18 2009 	A tired and depressing hotel worth avoiding	I stayed at the Waldorf for over a week on business and it was a rather depressing experience. It feels like a ballroom and conference facility with a few rooms attached above as an after thought. The level of staff service is terrible, some of them are quite simply rude. The rooms are well below the standard they should be for a hotel of this price: a little dirty and worn, pathetic TV and internet, poor bathroom, stale smell. The breakfast is lousy and overpriced, and the bar is ridiculously expensive. The location is obviously great though, and it is nice to be able to say you have stayed at the Waldorf, you just won't enjoy the experience very much at the time.	
Sep 17 2009	Don't hesitate to stay at the Waldorf.	It is the great old lady of New York and one should stay there at least once. The Hotel is really great, the lobby is a time warp to a wonderful art deco past, it is warm and pleasant. The rooms are big and at times the view is simply spectacular. I find them very clean (been at the Waldorf 7 or 8 times) ,big, very smart and the Waldorf people are always eager to please their guest.It position is a very big plus as one is within walking distance from all major attractions and best shopping in town. The Bull and Bear and the Inagiku restaurants are good altho' expensive but i feel they worth it.If asked whether you would like to take the upgrade option do not hesitate!!!It is worth it.	
Sep 14 2009 	Chronically understaffed	Stayed here for three nights during the US Open 2009. Was expecting good things, but had forgotten that I had been spoilt by the great hotels in Asia. The hotel is ok - rooms are ok (I was in a standard room so nothing exciting). The hotel is old - and it shows. Air conditioning did not work that well, glasses in the room were dirty when I checked in, bathroom was average. The hotel is in a great location - right in the middle of things in NYC - not too far from anywhere. But WORST of everything was the level of service. There were queues EVERYWHERE. It takes 20 mins to chekc in and out, 15 mins to get to speak to the concierge, 20 mins until you order breakfast and then another 20 until the first drink arrives! FYI, the breakfast buffet was US$45 or so - before a tip!!! It is obvious that they have severely cut back on staff. While I can see that at one time it was a &quot;grand old hotel&quot; there has been underinvestment recently - and they clearly do not have enough staff for the number of guests at the hotel.	
Sep 10 2009	absolutely amazing!	This hotel is located on the east side of New York on Lexington Avenue and Park Avenue which is the ideal spot. Its close to grand central station, just a few blocks from fifth avenue, walking distance to central park and times square. The service was excellent. The room was very spacious which was what we wanted. The beds were so comfortable too! and there was a huge tv with loads of channels. the bathroom was lovely too. We had an amazing view of the chrysler building from our room. the room had air conditioning which could be adjusted to a temerature you prefer. We never had a meal in the hotel but we did have drinks in the bar twice, the service in the bars was excellent both times. This was an amazing hotel and i would definitley stay here again.	
Sep 9 2009 	GREAT grand hotel!	A fabulous hotel that brought me back to the good-old days of luxury and pampering as soon as I walked through the doors. Elegant and very impressive, my room was comfortable and nicely appointed, without being lavish. One down side was low water pressure, but in a hotel that large, that has to be expected. An excellent stay in an excellent town!	
Sep 9 2009 	Old world glamour	A stay in New York is never complete without a visit to this hotel.Old world glamour,warmth and hospitality is what the Waldorf is about.Incredible lobby , comfortable rooms.There is a sense of history about this hotel.We got a chance to see the ballroom which was beautiful.The location is fantastic.Overall a very good experience.	
Sep 6 2009 	An amazing stay in New York	We stayed at the Waldorf Astoria for 2 nights in a Deluxe Room. The hotel grand lobby is so beautiful, first impressions are Wow. The room we had was grand, the size was roomy with a lovely large bathroom and a large flat screen tv. The Staff were friendly and we were given a free early check in and a late check out which was excellent. Another bonus is free wireless internet in the main lobby. Just a hint is that there is a Starbucks in the hotel, advice is to use the Starbucks, 3 min walk away it is 35% less in price. Als depending on how far ahead you book the better room rate, we found April and August the best rates.Otherwise a glorious old hotel with so much character.	
Sep 5 2009 	Amazing!!!	We have officially fallen in love with NYC. The Waldorf=Astoria was awesome.	
Sep 2 2009 	Not even close to a luxury hotel operation	stay away, watch your credit card charges from the Peacock Alley Rest. save all receiptsno exhaust fans in bathrooms. You cant survive on your past reputation in today's market. Small rooms	
Aug 31 2009 	Great room great service great location....	The opulent hotel lobby and wonderful decor met all expectations. Plenty of bars and resturants although quite expensive. The rooms were clean, well equipped and the beds we just so comfortable. Its not a ultra modern hotel but its charm lies in its history and architecture. Its location was in walking distance of all the major attractions and we would definately visit again.	
Aug 28 2009 	Missed the top rating	Everything about the hotel was exceptional. It is, afterall, historic in its reputation for catering to the rich and famous. We were give a room (mini-suite) on the 16th floor that had windows on two sides. It was interesting to see how at one time it had been two rooms but had been remodeled into a &quot;mini-suite.&quot; We were very pleased with the size of the room, the view, and the bed - very comfortable. A couple of problems: 1. Bathroom could have been cleaner - hairs were noticed on the floor. 2. The balcony - which was expansive - was obviously the repository for those who smoked. See photos. This was inexcusable. A cursory glance around the balcony by staff would have taken care of this issue. --- Expensive, but it was our anniversary.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Experience will definitely stay again!	We stayed at the Towers and the room was great! We had an amazing view as well! Will definitely stay again. We normally stay at the Sheraton New York and you cannot even begin to compare the two! The staff were really friendly unlike the Sheraton where they are rude and are not really interested! Some of the staff at the breakfast room could have been a little nicer! It was almost like they were doing us a favour!	
Aug 26 2009 	You have not experiences New York if you have not stayed at the Waldorf Astoria!	I Would most deffinately recommend this hotel to anyone who wants the ultimate New York experience. It's location is fantastic for first time visitors and experienced travellers. Nestled perfectly on Park Avenue you are a stones throw away from Grand Central Station which is not only a must see, but makes it easy for you to get around, and impossible to get lost. You are also within EASY walking distance from central park, rocker fella centre and many more attractions. Just tap the address into google maps and see for yourself!!!Within the hotel you are greeted by the most helpful staff who are a credit to the hotel. Everywhere is spotless. The rooms are huge and come with all the facilities from irons, hair dryers to satelite television offering a decent range of programmes. Although I found that the power output from electircal appliances such as hair dryers and straighteners was weaker than I am used to, so ladies you may have to get up a little earlier for perfect hair!!!The food is amazing with varieties to suit all tastes. Although not the cheapest, it is not necessarily expensive when you consider the expertise of the chef that is cooking for you!!! Not every day can you say an award winning chef has prepared your lunch...well you can when staying at the Waldorf.You do not get the impression that the Waldorf attracts a &quot;type&quot; of traveller, there is always a range of people wandering in awe around the lobby from business associates to families, to couples. The hotel caters for the needs of all it's guests on an individual basis, which makes you feel invited to part of the hotel family (not a fish out of water)My partner and I would never contemplate staying anywhere else and will be back as soon as possible!!!!	
Aug 25 2009 	Good value...for a trip to the zoo	The Waldorf was once the grande dame of New York hotels. Now it is a joke. It swarms with ill-dressed tourists slouching around the once-famous clock in the central lobby. Anyone wearing a suit and tie feels desperately out of place.However, if you appear in the lobby in business attire, not having realised when you reserved your NY hotel that Hilton has dumbed down this property beyond redemption, things will look up. You will likely be singled out by a staff member who will extricate you from the maddening hordes, whisk you into a private room off the lobby and check you in super politely and super promptly. It is the Waldorf's way of apologizing to its former clientele and it is a very welcome touch.I find a junior suite at the Waldorf one of the best values in New York, about the same price as a regular room at the Regency across the street..You have to hold your nose in the elevator and you would never consider going into a hotel restaurant or lingering in the lobby. But, once behind the locked door of your bedroom, you can spread out in a large, comfortable space with all relevant amenities....though the bathrooms are still small and old-fashioned.	
Aug 24 2009 	The Waldorf is an amazing piece of history.	We stayed at the Waldorf this past weekend and it was an unforgettable experience. The service, staff and accomodations were excellent. I was hoping for the upgrade I requested for a Tower level room to make my husbands birthday surprise over the top but unfortunately one was not available. Our corner room was very nice and large. I was concerned about having a small room with three people. The hotel was quiet and clean and the architecture was impressive. Not a single column without detail. Pride in the craftsmanship truely makes this hotel a must see on your nest trip to New York.	
Aug 22 2009 	Elegant hotel with excellent staff	I had booked a double double at the Waldorf through a booking agency after being assured it would be large enough for my family group. One adult, two teens of seperate gender.On arrival when I checked that a rollaway bed was in the room I was told that the size of the room would not accommodate a rollaway. One look at my tired face and the reception staff swung into action, in no time at all we were installed into a two roomed suite. One king size bed in a bedroom and one double bed setee and one rollaway bed in the other room. The rooms were beautiful, clean and fresh with no signs of wear and tear.The daily staff were accommodating and helpful at all times. The lobby of course is grand in every sense of the word. Located near Central Station we found this hotel to be ideally placed and in easy walking distance for shops, restaurants and Central Park.The only thing I missed was the ability to make a cup of tea when I woke at 5 in the morning, a small niggle only.	
Aug 21 2009 	bring your pants	We made a quick two night trip to NYC for my wife's birthday. We booked on-line and took them up on their offer of an upgrade if available at check in. I agreed to all three upgrade options and we wound up getting two bedroom suite. The rate was $329/night.Clearly part of why we stayed at the Waldorf was its storied past. Indeed, the lobby oozes of old time class. Although I'm not sure how strictly enforced, they ask all men to wear slacks and a collared shirt after 6 pm. The room was comfortable, but the bathroom kind of small. Also no wireless internet in the room. (The room is wired and the lobby has wireless.)The hotel is close to a subway stop and an easy walk to Radio City, etc., but there really weren't a whole lot of shopping places or restaurants right nearby.	
Aug 21 2009 	Classic Luxury	This hotel is undeniably gorgeous and luxe! Probably the most elegant hotel I've stayed at. Although you must remember that it is old. During our stay the plumbing was a small problem, but the helpful staff fixed it right away. It boasts the best brunch in New York City and psssttt- you can see famous people here!! It is VERY VERY VERY expensive though, and is not a usual business class hotel.	
Aug 21 2009 	Good place to stay	We just returned from three nights at the Waldorf. We did not stay in the tower rooms, just the regular one. Due to the varried reviews here, there must be some older and some redecorated rooms. Ours looked to be recently redecorated. Nice bathroom with a real medicine cabinet with shelves. That was a plus for me. The beds were very comfortable and clean. It is an older hotel, but kept up nicely I thought. The staff was extremely helpful.Only problem I encountered was when I booked (through their web site). I realized I put down wrong info (which did NOT change price in any way). I called the customer service number to update the info and she rebooked me at $100 more! I called them back and after speaking to numerous people, the manager at Waldorf corrected their error. I also declined the minibar key at checkin (and made them note this on my account). I have heard of numerous problems with minibars and didn't want to argue about this.	
Aug 19 2009 	A real dump!!	The rooms were appaling, dirty and small. We had booked for 4 adults and were given a room with 2 small beds then told there was nothing else available. This place is really living on it's name now and needs millions spent on bringing it up to date. The rooms are dark and dingy, the bathrooms are dreadful and dirty. The lobby is nice but thats about the only thing they have spent money on. The restaurant is extortionate and not even that good. Not recommended. The location is OK though.	
Aug 15 2009 	Waldorf Astoria - great location	Stayed at the Astoria, found it a great hotel and excellent location.The Greyline bus tour stops at the door, so very handy on that frontThe hotel is one ofthe historic ones in NYC, and on 49th Street, quite close to Rockafeller centre and 5 mins from Broadway, Times square is about 10 mins walk.Room was clean, spacious and that's all we really needed, we ate out for all meals as we thought breakfast was expensive.If there's flags outside on the flagpoles, check out the country flags. that means a senior official from that country is staying, since the UN is close by.Hotel staff efficient, liked the business centre with 10 mins free for all airline online checkin sites, so a great help. Would def go back!	
Aug 14 2009 	What Happened Waldorf!!!!	You used to be the pinnacle of luxury and you were such a disappointment. I arrived and I waited in the longest check in line I have ever seen and I travel every week for work - but this was my first time at this hotel. The entrance was grand but the rooms were very drab, wallpaper was pealing off from the bathroom walls, the rooms were outdated and the carpet had a weird feel to it in my room. I was in RM 2528 which was a corner kink delux room. I was very disappointed and it is not worth the money at all.	
Aug 13 2009 	Elegant and wonderful...old style NYC	After reading reviews on Trip Advisor I changed my reservation from the regular Waldorf Astoria room to the Towers. I am soooo glad I did. The difference is amazing! It is almost a seperate hotel with it's own &quot;Private&quot; entrance off the street and a private entrance in the hotel lobby. There is a special private check in desk for the Towers. I got a really great deal on Expedia and was very excited upon check in to find out I had been upgraded to an Executive Suite on a Concierge level. The room was huge (for NYC standards) with a beautiful marble foyer and seperate living room and bedroom. I had a large walk in closet + a coat closet in the foyer and a butlers kitchen with a full size refrigerator, sink, etc. There was a nice size flat screen TV in the living room and one in the bedroom. The room was very elegant and had a feel of &quot;old style&quot; New York. I have stayed at more modern hotels in NYC with beautiful accomodations however this felt more like NYC and definitely very elegant. The concierge level offers a special room that serves a light breakfast including cereals, breads, fruit, and boiled eggs. There was coffee, juice, and water available. There is no afternoon service as with most concierge hospitality rooms I have experienced and the room was always very crowded. One of my travel companions was turned away one morning and offered a voucher for the lobby breakfast on the main level. Although it was very crowded the staff made every attempt to keep things stocked and were always very helpful and polite even when the guests were not. We were asked everyday if our expectations were met as we left. One staff said to me &quot;we want you to leave happy&quot;. Considering the crowd and how rude some of the guests were to the staff, I was impressed with their attitude. The staff were wonderful and the service was exactly what you would expect from the Waldorf. My only issue was that the floors were really slick and I fell in the foyer one evening. We called for ice and it took over 30 minutes for them to bring it up. (no self serve ice machines on the concierge level) Other than that this was a truly wonderful experience.	
Aug 13 2009 	Huge impersonal hotel	We visited the hotel twice, in October 2008 and Christmas 2008. Although our stay was nice both times, I won't stay again. The hotel is missing this something special that makes a stay unique. It is huge and impersonal. (Perhaps most hotels are in NY).Upon arrival in December, we were upgraded to a Towers suite. In check out, we realized that this was not a complimentary upgrade, although the front desk employee failed to notify us that we would be charged extra. (I am a Hilton Diamond member). After a lot of complaining the hotel finally accepted to charge the original rate, but the employee in the Towers reception was very hostile bordering to rude.	
Aug 12 2009 	Living on a Name	Room not ready when we arrived late afternoon. Room dirty - used tissues in drawers. Moved to a different room - one intended for disabled customers. Electric sockets not attached to walls, exposed wires on socket next to bathroom sink, incredibly noisy toilet (could be heard from the down the corridor). Handle to help people out of the bath came away in my hand - thank heavens I'm not disabled! Towel rail hanging off the wall. Took two days for anyone to come and look at problems and only one of them (the bath handle) got fixed during 4 night stay. No shower gel, etc, in bathroom. £8 for two glasses of coke in the bar - not allowed to put on room bill. The Waldorf Astoria has a great name and reputation, but it totally failed to live up to any of our expectations. I really would not want to go back there!	
Aug 12 2009 	Grande and luxiourious historic feel	My husband and I stayed in Waldorf Astoria, NY, in February while visiting Westminster Dog Show, Madison Sq Garden. We had a fabulous time and we did not regret staying at such a famous and well renowed hotel. To a certain extent you could see that the hotels truly big days are gone, the rooms and the corridors were a little bit in need of a face lift. Could be the pompous style that contributes to that feeling and strangely enough I would not want to have it any other way since that very much is their signature. However, the bath rooms (we had 2 in our room/mini suit) were really fresh and up to date. The bed was extremely comfortable and we liked our little extra room in our mini suite where we could sit and take a drink before bed time. The restaurants, bars, lobby and service were fantastic. Location is perfect on Manhattan.	
Aug 11 2009 	Tip: Book Concierge Level Room	Reviews of the Waldorf are mixed. Reviews of the much more expensive Waldorf Towers, on the other hand, are uniformly positive. The trick to staying in the Waldorf Towers at a reduced rate is to book a &quot;Concierge Level&quot; room through the regular Waldorf. Those rooms are located in the Towers, and they are exceptional. Private elevators, 15-foot ceilings, twice daily maid service, and the standard rooms are easily suite-sized which is huge for NYC accommodations. We stayed in July on the 33rd floor in the N/E corner and the room rivaled any hotel in the city. Towers guests also get free access to the beautiful and never-crowded gym and steam room. If your priority is nice accommodations (the service is a little impersonal due to the size and never ending turnover of guests), and great location this is the hotel for you.	
Aug 11 2009	W=A is wow=awesome.	We travelled with a bus tour which we booked through Travac, an Ottawa travel agent located in the Westgate Shopping Plaza. Our tour included 4 days and 3 nights at the Waldorf=Astoria in the Theatre District of Central Manhatten, New York City. The price was exceptionally affordable and included 2 tour guides, a video of the Waldorf =Astoria, and a 4 hour tour of Manhatten. We opted to start with a deep tissue massage at the Guerlain Spa on the 19th floor. This included a wonderful foot massage while we completed our questionnaire. We found all the W=A staff to be professional, sincere, respectful and very friendly. Our room, although small, was opulant, with marbled bathroom and a walk in closet big enough to dress in. I would advise requesting a room located near the central air shaft to avoid the street noise from below. In the business centre behind reception, we discovered free internet access for 10 minutes. The gift shop where you can purchase newspapers is also behind reception. Starbucks is located beside the front door on Park Ave., perfect for a quick breakfast. We ended our stay with a tour of the hotel and viewed the beautiful ballroom and the 4 kitchens which span the length of an entire city block. This is a world reknown hotel which houses state visits from queens, kings and presidents. Well worth the stay.	
Aug 10 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Travelled to NY in July was worried about some of the negative reviews of the hotel and was beginning to regret booking it. Our experience could not have been better! Beautiful hotel, stunning lobby and walkways. Small queue to check in, but it was managed very quickly and efficently. Upgraded to an Astor suite although we had only booked a normal double room. Shortly after getting into our suite, reception rang to check we were happy with everything. Suite was amazing, so much room! Decent size bedroom and beautifully decorated lounge. Looked as though it had been recently decorated and was clean and nicely done. Bed was huge and very comfortable. View was nothing special as we were on the 9th floor, but who were we to complain when we got upgraded to such a lovely suite. Lobby is a great place to people watch and there are all sorts of people coming through ! Conciegre was helpful although there always seemed to be a queue. Didn't eat or drink there as it is expensive and there are lots of other places around. I thought the $50 charge for the tour of the hotel was a bit expensive, there should be a discount if you are staying there. Would be nice to have some sort of leaflet about the history of the hotel as it is a very interesting place. Booked a town car to take us to the airport through the hotel for a reasonable price with no charge to store the luggage.	
Aug 10 2009 	Amazing	I am certainly not rich, by any means but the Waldorf has been legendary for many years. So when I made my vacation plans with my two teenagers to travel to NYC I wanted to stay at the Waldorf. I was not dissappointed. The Waldorf proved to be everything I had hoped it would be...elegant, timeless and grand. Our corner room was on the 16th floor overlooking the Chrysler Building. The beds were comfortable and the hotel was extremely quiet. We had two luxurious terrycloth robes waiting for us when we arrived. We had our beds turned down each night and our room freshened up. The only cons were that it was hard to regulate the temperature in the room. Also, the escalators in the lobby were not always working, but there are elevators you can take to groud level. The staff was very friendly and nice, but i did provide staff a nice but moddest tip. Admittedly I could not afford to eat in the restaurants at the hotel and the room service prices were out of my budget. But there are plenty of nearby restaurants and delis. Upon check-in, I was given a safe deposit box key where I could lock up valuables, however I didn't need to use it. Yes, there are cheaper, more modern hotels, but people...this is the WALDORF! They didn't get their reputation from being snooty and cheap nor doing things half way. Even if you choose to stay somewhere else, at least go into the plush lobby and look at the beautiful clock, chandiliers and art decco accessories. There's also a mini-museum in the lobby with information about the elegance of this historic hotel. Oh, and another plus is that there is a subway station directly in front of the hotel and the tour buses stop and pick up there. Fabulous!	
Aug 9 2009 	The Best!	We stayed at the Waldorf for 7 days in 2005 after my daughter had an accident and had to have an operation in the States. We stayed there again in 2006. She was in a wheel chair and we got all the assistance from the staff that we needed. Our room was large and beautiful. The Waldorf has an ambience all of it's own and the history has to be preserved. Breakfast, dinner and everything else is great. The autobiography of the original Hilton, left in the room as a gift, changed my life forever. It showed me that you must never give up and always trust God. I have since started a B&amp;B back home and have read the book twice. Thank you Waldorf Astoria for everything you have meant to me.	
Aug 7 2009 	DIsappointing and in a time-warp	This former Grand Dame of New York has sadly been overtaken by much better boutique hotels and seems content in being a tired rude reflection of it's location. The Waldorf now is regrettably nothing more than a conveyor belt of middle-class cheap one night / weekend brigade stays who seem obsessed with who can wear the tiniest ill-fitting dress ; who can stay up the latest with their lap top by the piano; and who can swan about talking loudly and looking decidedly unimportant. Sorry - I know that is rather damning but the truth often hurts.The hotel is run by numbers and there is no level of sophistication as is evidenced by the endless daily lobby check-in routines. Watch it and enjoy!!The service reflects this - perfunctory but no extra mile. The detail in the rooms are poor when looked at closely with items missing or fudge repaired. The room we stayed at for 4 nights was crying out for a makeover.The internal finishes, lobby, ballroom and state rooms are indeed art deco glorious but this is not enough to make you feel that the stay was 'special'. It's run of the mill stuff. It is extremely rare that I ever consider leaving a hotel early but this was one of those occasions.By all means stay there for a night just to say you've done it. Eat the salad at the Bull and Bear. Take your cocktail in Harry's Bar (or whatever it was called!)If you want something more sophisticated to unwind you from the daily rudeness and grind of New York then this hotel isn't it. There are far better out there at only a slightly higher price if you know where to look and the truth is this hotel knows it.Disappointing and in a time-warp.	
Aug 5 2009 	Met my High Expectations	We stayed at the Waldorf to celebrate our anniversary. I am Hilton gold and we were staying on points. My daughter contacted an individual in management to request we receive special consideration. From the moment we arrived at the check in the service was incredible. We were upgraded to a suite and we received a complimentary gift to mark our occasion. We also enjoyed a fantastic dinner at the Bull and Bear at the hotel. As to some specifics, we were driving; the hotel car entrance off 50th St is a narrow alley that goes under and through the building. Initially the entrance was closed for security, as an ambassador was due to arrive, however his arrival was delayed which then allowed me to get in. The elevators are plentiful and fast. The room was wonderful, the hotel had a recent 'facelift', though close examination of the room revealed some ‘character’, the room was very charming. The bed was very comfortable and the showers were tremendous. In the parlor of the suite we could here some elevator mechanical sounds, however the bedroom was very peaceful. We were granted an extra hour for late check out. The hotel was very busy at check in, with a high rate of occupancy. Anticipating we were going to a nice place, we tried to dress for it, it seemed others were trying to make a different statement. To summarize- it is a grand hotel, if you allow it, it will take you back to a higher level of personal service. If you are trying to spend the least amount of money and see NYC it is not for you. People that retrieve cars, carry bags, and provide concierge reservations deserve tips, just like a server in a restaurant. I have stayed at the New York Hilton on Ave of the Americas and the Hilton Times Square, each have their place, but the Waldorf is that special place for something just a cut above.	
Aug 5 2009 	A Palacial Hotel	Stayed at the Waldorf last year and it was truly a impeccable experience. Lobby was Grand and they have a old art piece of Clock right in the lobby. Room was spacious. Stairways, corridors, public areas were all Grand. They have a lot of boutique shops near the lobby. Infact in one of the boutiques, there was a set up made with fine pottery which was a mock up set up for a wedding set up done by the Waldorf... That was interesting. The lounge on the Ground Floor looked really grand with the Lavish use of Leather. Service was simply Great. If you walk around the hotel public areas, it is HUGE and sometimes you get lost if you are truly mesmerized with the Granduer. The history and grandeur of the Waldorf make it a wonderful and a memorable place to stay. It was indeed WORTH a STAY..	
Aug 4 2009 	Wonderful and Historic Hotel	I stayed with family at this hotel for one night. There was a slight problem with our reservation that was resolved. We upgraded to a suite and our room was impressive for New York City. We had a full living room, bedroom with 2 beds, and 2 bathrooms. The decor in the room was not over the top, but was very nice nonetheless. The bathrooms featured marble tile and the showers were great!Apparently they do allow small pets for an additional fee. The person I was staying in my room with said that she detected a faint odor of pet urine in the living room, but I did could not smell it. Otherwise, the room seemed clean.I found the housekeeping service to be a bit informal and not what I would expect from a hotel like The Waldorf Astoria. We requested turn down service, and the housekeeper insisted that she begin working on the room before we were ready to leave for the evening (at about 7pm, even though I requested service to begin at 7:30pm). The housekeeper said that she was leaving that floor and didn't want to have to return at 7:30pm. I thought that was a bit odd, but I didn't object. When we returned later that evening, we found that she lowered the window shades, and replenished the towels - but didn't do much else (i.e., turn down beds, provide ice, chocolates, etc).The hotel is very elegant and the lobby, although busy, was wonderful. The lobby felt like a museum to me! If you happen to be there on a Sunday, the Sunday brunch (held in the lobby) is not to be missed!! It's very expensive, but well worth the price.I recommend this hotel to people who can appreciate a historic hotel that is showing its age gracefully. If you are looking for something modern, look elsewhere.	
Aug 3 2009 	Magnificent	My wife and I stayed one night in the Waldorf for our wedding anniversary using our hilton honors points. It was like staying in an historic museum. The lobby was grand. It has old photos and artifacts of the hotel in glass showcases. The room is small, but it is old school and that is what I expected. The room was clean and nicely decorated. As a hilton honors gold member they gave us a choice of 2 free drinks at the bar, 100 Hilton points or starbuck coffee and danishes. We took the drinks. So after dinner we went back to the hotel and used our vouchers at the peacock alley bar. The drinks were good, but when I ordered a second drink (gray goose and cranberry) I was charged $18, wow.So to sum it up I highly recommend the hotel but drink elsewhere.	
Jul 30 2009 	Trading on its name - avoid	Avoid the Waldorf Astoria. A stay there is like waking up beside a 1950's starlet...in 2009. Yes its name may conjour up glamour and elegance from years gone by but they don't seem to have spent a penny on this hotel since years gone by. The decor is shabby, the carpets are shabby, the room amenities are practically non existent and the service is decidely average. The doormen virtually ignore you as you enter the hotel or exit a cab...yet they'll still come running over at the last minute looking for their pound of flesh. Room service is particularly vile (and overpriced). I ordered something very light, it cost me $100 and I genuinely wouldn't give it to my dog. How can a hotel like this have ancient TV's and not flat screens?! This was my first (and last) stay at the Waldorf and I would advise anyone thinking of staying there to avoid it like the plague. There's little point in wasting your money, especially in these recessionary times. If you want to treat yourself in NYC, try the Plaza or even the Grand Hyatt which in my view is streets ahead of the Waldorf. Hilton need to give this place a massive facelift because at the moment it's living off its (diminishing) name.	
Jul 29 2009 	Not what is was nor what it could be	The Waldorf has a great location, beautiful lobby and helpful staff. Unfortunately it is definitely showing it's age...not in a good way. Our room size was fine, but it looked a bit dingy- curtains have been hanging a long time and need cleaning, as did other things in the room. We had 3 people in our group and the room only had double beds which was difficult for us. We actually had a magnificent balcony, but it was unkept, with trash about, and not a stick of furniture on it! What a wasted amenity!!! On our departure I overheard someone saying he was moving to a different hotel since the Waldorf was, &quot;ratty&quot;. I think he had a point.	
Jul 25 2009 	A Wonderful Classic!	Stayed at the Waldorf with my wife for her birthday. A beautiful hotel in the heart of Manhattan. You can feel the history. I could imagine Marilyn Monroe walking down these hallways so many years ago. Hotel is perfectly located withing walking distance of 5th avenue shopping, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Times Square etc. Is it the newest around? No. But it's a landmark in which Presidents have stayed! We loved it!	
Jul 23 2009 	It was like staying in a Museum for a week!	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Waldorf in March. We got a great deal off of Expedia, and we were not disappointed. It felt like we were living in a museum for the week. The history and grandeur of the Waldorf make it a wonderful place to stay. It has a central location, the rooms are clean and comfortable, and it is surrounded by some great places to eat/grab a snack. Due to it's age, it obviously is a bit dated, but this is part of its charm. If you're looking for flat screen tv's &amp; a modern feel do not stay here - if you are looking to stay in a part of NY history - I would highly recommend it! We loved every minute of it!	
Jul 23 2009 	From Montreal to NY at the Waldof Istoria	Well what can i say,it GREAT....BRING YOU RE CASH!!!everything here was super,but we will not pay 32 $ for two eggs and if you think of taking a apple from brunch buffet..36$ for buffet.Everything else was super,concierge gave us great info.Oh yes we did get great price on the room 216$ for one night.Good trip all	
Jul 23 2009 	Worst Hotel Service	The quality of the Waldorfs customer service was the worst of any hotel I have ever stayed in. The check in line was long and our room was not available upon arrival, plus we had to wait well beyond the normal check in. To make it worse the staff could have cared less about our trouble This was really unexpected for a hotel of this class. As a frequent traveler I could not have been more disappointed. The rooms were comfortable and clean, restaurant food was good if they work on the service they may in fact actually get repeat business.	
Jul 21 2009 	Elegant Hotel in Great Locatoin	My wife and I stayed three nights in the Waldorf Astoria in New York and were very happy with our stay. The entrance off Park Ave. and the lobby are very classy. The staff was friendly and our room was also very nice. We had a corner room that was clean and comfortable. A subway station is only a block away so you have easy access to the city through the subway or from the many cabs that line up in front of the hotel. The only complaint I have is the Bull and Bear Resturant located in the hotel. It is WAY to expensive for the quality of food and service provided. We only went to this resturant for it's convienience. I will write a separate review for the Bull and Bear. Overall, we were both very happy with our stay at the Waldorf and will consider staying there again.	
Jul 20 2009 	Outstanding	Stayed at the Waldorf Astoria on honeymoon from 4th-8th July 2009 and had a fantastic time. The hotel is located on Park Avenue and is the perfect location away from the pandemonium of Times Square but in walking distance to eveything....5th Avenue, Grand Central Station, Rockefeller centre all about 5 minute walk. Central park and the Empire State building are about 10 minute walk but there is a line of taxis at the front door of the hotel. The Waldorf itself is spectacular. Anyone who says this hotel is tired must be used to staying in some fantastic places as my wife and I thought it was great. The front entrance is breath taking and our room was just as opulant with a lovely big marbel finished bathroom. We found the staff to be very friendly and received a complementary bottle of champagne on the first night to celebrate our honeymoon. We didnt eat or drink in the hotel so cant comment on that but there are loads of bars and restaurants nearby. We had a fantastic time there and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 20 2009 	Geat location - great value	Got a great rate on the hilton website for our dates - yes the hotel is a little faded but this is part of the charm, I think. Lobby is great, rooms were large compared to other NY hotels. Lifts a little slow occasionally. Hard to beat the location and athmosphere.One little problem - we had three rooms - two were available on checkin, the third was to be ready in 30 minutes. After two hours of contacting the reception desk it was still not available. They were to call me when available but no call. When we eventually got the third room they told us it was available all along! With such a large hotel I guess the guests are just numbers. Also found the concierge (one guy, not all) with an aittitude.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great Address Historic Hotel but just OK	Traveling 2 weeks in New England, We stayed in July for a couple of days with our teenage sons so they could experience a bit of NYC. I used Hilton points so I wasn't expecting the greatest rooms, no view, smaller etc. It was clean and visually nice, with the styling you'd expect but definately starting to show it's age. I'd guess that the last serious renovation of bathrooms was in the late 80s. The A/C wasn't great, it got cool enough but we could never seem to get the dampness totally out of the air. It's central air but I don't think the dials in the room actually control the temp other than the speed of the fan. This is our second stay here in 3 years and we were realistic about it so none of that really bothered us. We slept fine, although the bed was a little soft for my taste. My warning is that if you get the basic room here and are expecting a room with the grandeur of the Waldorf, you're going to be disapointed. Now the lobby, bars, resturants and the staff and all the rest is what you'd guess they would be.	
Jul 15 2009 	Watch your credit card bill	I got a great deal through Continental, booking flight and hotel together for 2 adults and 2 teenagers. I compared pricing with the Plaza and found a suite at the Waldorf to be about half the price, having stayed here in June of 2008 and enjoying the experience, I decided to stay here again. We stayed on the Lexington side and noticed that it took a long amount of time to get elevators, unsure if several were out of order or what was wrong.Our room was nice, the decor was great but you could definitely see this is an old hotel but I guess that leads to some of it's charm, the art deco stylings. Each day of my stay I had to request additional towels, even though my reservation was for 4 people, I could only get 3 towels. I even told the clerk at check in &quot;there are 4 people in this room.&quot; I checked out, was told they were not able to print me a bill. 3 weeks later, I found out why. I saw an odd charge on my credit card for $122.77. I called the hotel to ask what this charge was for, we had not taken any items from the room, ordered room service or billed anything to the room. The billing department advised me that Travelocity told them to bill me this fee for extra person charges. I called Travelocity (Apparently the company Continental Airlines uses) and they said they knew nothing of it, had no records of ever telling the hotel this. I was eventually told by travelocity that the receipt says my room was a double room rate, not a quad rate, even though it says the room is for 4 on my receipt. I ended up giving the issue to my credit card company saying I did not authorize the charges and eventually, I was refunded the money. I am not sure if Travelocity, Capital One, or the Waldorf are responisble for the refund because none of them bothered to call or email me with a resolution. Just like they didn't think it was worth it to tell me they were going to bill me extra....3 weeks after the stay. Apparently using 1 extra towel costs you an additional $122.77 at the Waldorf.	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent Experience	Over the last 20 years we've stayed at many hotels in NYC. Coming in from CT for Broadway weekends our thing is to stay at different hotels and try various restaurants in order to soak up the essence of NY. When we saw the special Waldorf rate it was time to experience the best. For $219 we upgraded to the deluxe king room. What a room!! High ceilings, fire place, 42&quot; Flat Screen TV and a terrific view of the Chrysler Bldg. Our freinds weren't as lucky with the view but also had an awsome room. The Waldorf has one of the best lobbys you'll ever see. It's almost like going to a museum. At this rate one's lucky to get a basic room in a average hotel in NYC, take advantage while it lasts.	
Jul 12 2009 	Loved this hotel	We stayed here for a week while visiting New York. We parked in the hotel and upon arrival our bags were removed and car was parked within minutes.Reception: Excellent service, fast efficient and very helpfulRoom: We had a corner room which was quite big by NY standards. It included a large walk-in wardrobe that accommodated all of our luggage. The room itself was a little old but was spotless and comfortable. Given what we have paid in similar priced hotels in NY this was easily the biggest room we have stayed in.Location: Perfectly located for all shops in 5th Avenue and approx a 15 minute walk to Union Square.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel. It is a little old fashioned, but the service was perfect and coupled with a fantastic room and location, it was well worth the cost.	
Jul 9 2009 	BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT OF OUR LIVES	my wife and i booked this hotel for our honeymoon as we got married on 31/12/2008.prior to our arrival we made a point of informing the reservations desk that it was our honeymoon and we had hoped they would make an effort to make our stay memorable,they made it memorable,but for all the wrong reasons.1.very badly treated when paying for our stay in cash,as i had explained my credit card had a small limit as i dont use it often,verbally congratulated on our ocassion,thats it!2.requested a smoking room,none available on check in,no effort made to accomodate us,the best could be done was the following day,we were given our room the next day.3.the bath stopper was not working in our room,we ordered food in our room as we had just arrived from a long haul flight,we ordered burger and fries and were billed over €100 for our meal which was of a lesser quality than mc donalds,i disputed the bill on the grounds that we were not being treated fairly as it was our honeymoon.they deducted the meal from our account reluctantly following a lenghty call to the duty manager.4.reception failed to give us breakfast vouchers upon check in as we had the option of parking or breakfast and we opted for breakfast.we were told by the restaurant staff that we would be charged in full if we didnt present vouchers.we had to go back to reception and ask for our vouchers that we should have been presented with on check in.4.our final bill was almost $2,000 for the most heart sinking week of our lives.we had really looked forward to staying in thee most renowned hotel in the world.i will always remember the first night of our honeymoon as the night that i comforted and reassured my wife as she cried floods of tears and sobbed herself to sleep. This should have been the most memorable week of our lives,but sadly it was destroyed by the low standards of the best known hotel brand in the world.new york as a city was amazing and i would love to return.to give credit where it is due,the staff at this hotel were extremely warm and welcoming and i would not like to disrespect their professionalism as they are wonderful ambassadors for the company that they work for.this hotel is the equivalent of a 3 star hotel in ireland,we should be proud of our hospitality in ireland,this hotel could learn a few things from the irish hotel model.we were offered a 4 night complimentary stay in the waldorf towers from the general manager who was a very professional man in his approach,but you only get a first chance to make a lasting impression.	
Jul 7 2009 	Think Twice Before Staying Here	Just stayed for a 4th of July 2009 visit to NY at the Waldorf. Have previously stayed at the Ritz, Palace, the Sherry Netherland and before renovation, the Plaza. Thought were getting a great deal for a single room - King for under $300 per night. Not so. We were on the Lexington side of the building (no view - but this was not my complaint). Here are the issues: stayed on 13th floor but visited other floors to confirm impression- once you've left the lobby and are on the Lexington tower you'll quickly notice some dramatic changes in quality and feel. Carpetting is very, very worn, does not look or smell clean or fresh. Gave me the same sense of cleanliness of the security checkpoint carpeting at the airport. Other than the ballroom floors, the hallways on the Lexington tower appeared to lack air conditioning and proper ventilation. I am 40 something guest....and never cared about ventilation before. Courtesy and personalized attention is non-existent (at least for patrons at this rate) - if you need anything more than to hand a tip or your credit card to anyone. The shower admittedly old, did not provide reasonable expectations of hot water or adequate pressure. The front desk attendees had a difficult time delivering a complete bill including mini bar charges. The mini bar had stale $6 potato chips. Room door is not well insulated. In the morning, we heard the whispers and non-whispers of a dutiful (and courteous) cleaning staff on the adjacent rooms. However, not a good sign if sleep is what you need. The TV appeared to be a $100 1990 Walmart purchase - my local Motel 6 has already updated to flat screens - not sure if too much to expect from the hotel touted as the only one where the President stays. Arrived very late at night with not another guest at the time. Nevetheless - it took over 35 minutes for the bags to make my room. It took me 3 minutes to get up to my room. We were pleased by the comfortable bedding. Not impressed by anything else. Hotel business center and computers are quite out of date. You share printers with others in a four computer small room. Difficult if you have sensitive business to work on. I thought this was unbelievable for a hotel of this magnitude. Person in charge of taking my bags for the afternoon after checkout would not stop asking what is my profession and whether business is good - not sure this is what I want to discuss with the hotel staff. Top notch, courteous, professional, personalized attention was non-existent. Does not favorably compare with any of the other five/four star staple hotels in NYC. I've never written a review before but thought this was an important one to write.	
Jul 6 2009	Just good!	It was great, but also expensive...If money is not playing a big role for you, you should try it! Very beautiful grand hotel and one of the oldest!	
Jul 6 2009 	Worth it-once(or twice) in a life time!	Outstanding from the great check in staff to the staff in the hallways. This hotel that was once owned by George Bolt of Bolt Castle fame on the St. Lawrence River(now mostly restored) lives up to it's previous reputation for greatness. The rooms bring you back to a time of pure elegance and fine service. From gold fixtures to wonderful bedding this is a must. The rates very widely so look deep into the travel websites for a bargain. You will need to save money somewhere to afford a cocktail at the Bull and Bear Bar-$17.50 per. we stayed here,but, now retired, ate off site. Cheap or frugal?	
Jul 5 2009 	Wonderful honeymoon stay	What an amazing honeymoon, being in New York was fantastic staying at the Waldorf Astoria, Park Avenue was everything we expected from a 1930's iconic building as beautiful inside as outside. From the moment we walked into the foyer through the grand marbled corridor to the reception area we felt back in the era of Ginger Rogers, Lana Turner and Walter Pigeon. The service was wonderful, complementary chocolate strawberries and champagne and letters, we felt decadent and like film stars. The room was lovely on a corner on the 24th floor. The views were spectacular. The room was comfortable and big and the bed and bedding was so comfortable. We spent very happy evenings in the cocktail bar. It was the best honeymoon in the world and we loved it so much we're going back in August!	
Jul 4 2009 	Don´t compare it to other hotels...	Excellent old hotel with a &quot;character&quot;, not comparable to the most other hotels in this price range: simply a &quot;must have stayed&quot;! Centrally located in midtown. Smooth check-in and -out. I stayed in the &quot;Astoria level&quot; (26th floor) in a clean and very spacious room; breakfast (on the same floor) was included in my price. Fantastic furniture in all rooms! WLAN was free - but only in the (very comfortable) lobby. I could not receive phone calls from outside directly (only via operator), which was not a problem in my case. Staff was friendly and efficient. On a business trip, I would recommend anyone to add one day extra just to enjoy this hotel, and New York, of course. But I would not refuse to stay for weeks, either...	
Jun 29 2009 	Great history; Fun to have done it once	We were excited to stay at the historical Waldorf Astoria, to look at the pictures and marvel at the beautiful decor in the lobby - and it was very interesting to see and read about the history... but the charm ended there. Our room was small and in need of being renovated, the drinks/ food were very overpriced, as expected, and the service for what I would expect from a world-class hotel, was very mediocre. No one was rude, but I expected better service and more attention and have gotten better service from many other hotels. I'm happy we stayed there, but next time I think we'll shoot for staying somewhere in Times Square closer to the action for the same price. For first-time tourists, I recommend walking to Times Square - it's a straight shot down 49th and only about 10 blocks and you pass Rockefeller Plaza, Radio City Music Hall and 5th Avenue all on the way. Go there for dinner and drinks and save yourself some money!	
Jun 29 2009 	fabulous hotel	after searching for the &quot;perfect&quot; hotel getaway, I choosed the waldorf. I read all previous reviews and went with an open mind. I couldnt have selected a more beautiful, well appointed hotel, it still has all the glamour and history I was expecting. Our room was upgraded to a suite, the appointments were gorgeous, the bed fabulous, linens perfect, this room had it all. I was very pleased with the selection. The front checking was wonderful, easy, fast, the desk staff was friendly, smiling, happy to be working at such a classic hotel. When asking for anything every staff member was friendly and willing to go the extra, I had a wonderful stay at such a fabulous hotel, I would go again, without a doubt.	
Jun 27 2009 	Nice but not what I expected!	We arrived around 6pm by limo. The hotel staff in the parking area were to say the least uninterested in our arrival and I had to find one of them to take care of our luggage. We were given what was described as an upgraded room, that was a little disappointing. It could do with some TLC and redecorating. The staff were great, all being helpful and couteous.A couple of weeks before this stay, we stayed at the Hilton New York and have to say our suite there was more comfortable and our welcome to the hotel more professional. We were really made to feel welcome there. Not as nice as we had expected!	
Jun 24 2009 	Having stayed in luxury hotels worldwide the Waldorf falls way short of expectation.	Initial impressions of the Waldorf were poor and nothing happened for us to change our minds.Queueing in a long line on arrival for reception was annoying and the receptionist just rattled off what was an obvious sales pitch when she asked us if we'd like to eat. We were in a &quot;king superior&quot; which was spacious and clean, but backed on to 49th Avenue where garbage vans work constantly from 5-10.30pm every weekday emptying out the rubbish from the office block opposite. Forget trying to sleep while this is going on, even if you have jetlag travelling from the UK. Breakfast in the Peacock restaurant was $33 for the worst buffet I've ever seen or eaten. Actually &quot;buffet&quot; is an exaggeration, there were just a few slices of processed cheese, 2 (!!) slices of inedible meat, some bread and fresh fruit (the melon was disgusting) to choose from. The waiter had the nerve to tell us we couldn't share like we were schoolchildren. Breakfast downstairs serves up a decent fruit bowl with a choice of bread - a mere $28. On the last day of our stay, we went down the road to the deli and had the same breakfast for $10 each.You have to queue for the concierge as well as reception, this time to be told they didn't have any brollies to lend us. Knowing traders were waiting outside and selling them for $5.This is a hotel still relying on past glories. The large reception hall is bling Art Deco, as are the ladies restrooms, but behind this grandeur, there's a tired feel to the place. The Waldorf is part of the Hilton group who continue to rely on its previous high reputation and status, charge ludicrous amounts of money for everything and expect people to put up with it. Well, wrong, we'll stay elsewhere next time we're in New York.	
Jun 23 2009 	Much better this time	I already wrote a review of this hotel last year, and am writing for a second time, as my recent staty there was much better; actually very good. I do not whether it is a diffferent room or service is getting better during the downturn. The quality of the room was great, all systems worked fine, and staff was courteous.	
Jun 22 2009 	Jackpot!	Although I was concerned after reading some reviews I kept our reservations at the WA in NY for the beginning of our vacation. I'm SO GLAD I did! I rec'd excellent service from the first reservation call, the 2 calls prior to arriving (I was nervous because some member pics of the beds made them look small), to the day we checked out. Nothing short of &quot;bend over backwards for us!&quot; We got what I think is the &quot;expedia&quot; room because the view I've seen in pics too. It is not the Park Ave view, but I can't expect that for the expedia price I paid, but it was a good view of the Chrysler Bldg. and the room was actually quite large with a walk in closet. Edgar the doorman was a hoot! He recommended Pizza at Angelo's and it was perfect. Not a far walk either. We also walked to Ess-a-bagel and didn't get yelled at--even though we hoped we would just to get that NY feel! haha! They were delicious. Everyone that we encountered at the hotel were great, except the waiters in the lobby bar where we stopped for a welcome cocktail with the free beverage coupon they gave us. But we had kids and they probably didn't want to be bothered with them. Our room was stale smelling upon arrival but what can you expect form an older hotel. I asked for freshener and Mason was there in less than 10 minutes to spray an orange scented freshener and it was fine. My rating from 1-10--WA gets a 9!We wanted &quot;kid friendly&quot; apps and drinks one night so we stopped by TGI Fridays. HORRIBLE mistake! Horrible horrible service, the food tasted like it had been sitting around for days. Save your money and take the ecommendations of hotel staff instead.	
Jun 18 2009 	Awesome building service Sucks	I went to stay at this hotel for 2 days to celebrate a mini-honeymoon. The check in process was nice, and the guy at the front desk told me that he was sending me a complimentary strawberry and champagne package.That's where the excellent service ended. Two days and three phone calls later, there were no strawberries and there was no champagne. I also made a reservation at the steakhouse, bulls and bears, through the hotel phone (from my room). When I reached the restaurant, the maitr'd told me that he had no record of my reservation. He did not apologize for it; instead he seemed to try to make me feel sorry for visiting the restaraunt without a reservation. Despite several empty seats, he sat my fiancee and I in a cramped space surrounded by other people. We left the place and went to a much friendlier and nicer steakhouse.The Waldorf Astoria hotel has excellent history, but needs to get its act together. I will never stay there again	
Jun 17 2009 	Shabby but you have to go	Let's be upfront - I was thrilled to be booked into the Waldorf Astoria, even though anticipating that it would be a faded and worn shadow of its Thirties glory. And it was, but I would still go again with the family just to share with them a New York landmark.Stayed in three rooms over 4 nights. The first room was tiny with two double beds lacking any form of back support. Was moved to a quirky mini-suite overlooking the front entrance. This is the sort of room which makes staying in an old hotel so memorable. It had an entrance foyer, bedroom, a huge dressing room (large enough for a small couch, dressing table and two armoires) and an art deco bathroom on a raised platform. Incredible. The third room was a nicer version of the first.All the rooms were worn and in need of repainting, new furniture and carpets. But it was all well worth staying for the fireplaces in the halls, lobby area and the ability to say that you stayed at the Waldorf=Astoria.	
Jun 13 2009 	Absolutely fantastic!	Stayed here 6th - 8th June as part of a 5-night NY trip to celebrate a 50th birthday. From the moment we arrived till the moment we left we were treated so well, the staff were all pleasant, helpful, attentive, no pretentiousness, and a real credit to the hospitality industry! We were upgraded to a suite which was absolutely beautifully furnished and spotlessly clean. The bathroom had plentiful towels and toiletries, the shower had power, the bed was huge and the living area with its gorgeous chandelier was just magnificent! The staff sent up a bottle of bubbly to help us celebrate too! We had a couple of drinks in Sir Harry's bar where the high standard of service was replicated, nice dish of complimentary mixed nuts! - and the prices weren't too bad in comparsion to the big measures!Wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel, you just cannot fault it.	
Jun 12 2009 	I was amazed by the heritage and splendor	If you want to have a blend of heritage and modernity....Waldorf-Astoria is a place to be in. Never you see both of these blending with so much ease.There are tons of stories and anecdotes on Waldorf. Ensure that you take a guided tour of the hotel.	
Jun 8 2009 	Glamour and glitz	Wonderful service and equally wonderful hotel. Not the cheapest but it was a treat for my wife. One of the &quot;must do&quot; hotels as you travel around the world.	
Jun 7 2009 	your not a guest... your a number	We decided to stay at the Waldorf Astoria in honour of our wedding in New York City. The Waldorf to us seemed very New York, very classic - it would fit so perect into our New York Destination Wedding.I was VERY disapointed in the hotel and service however not to be confused with my STAY in New York , that was amazing. You often read reviews and think &quot;Disgruntled traveller and blames everything &quot;. I have taken the time to join up on Trip Advisor and write this review as I feel my stay needs to be shared. Check In - was quick and professional. however no &quot;extra&quot; service. Can conceirge help you with dinner reservations?, can I assit with any local information, is there anything I can do to assit with your stay ahead of time?. None of these were asked and it would have been a nice touch. It felt like you were at an airline counter, line up and be sent off in a hurry...ConceirgeRude , Rude , Rude and unhelpful. I was made to feel like an inconvenience at any time I had a request . Very disapointing. ExtrasIt would have been nice to receive a welcome card or congratulations card or our wedding ; however their was no acknowledgement at all. Even though it was noted in our reservation and wearing a wedding dress is a clear indication. It wasnt a big deal however small touches do differ hotels from others. Room ServiceA bottle of champagne was delivered as a suprise to us from a friend ; we were then charged for this. Upon explaining this was a gift and it had clearly been pre paid ; we were given the third degree. After making us wait they found the records and then decided to remove it the bill. I was made to feel as if I was lying and trying to get a ree bottle !We clearly made the mistake of putting our champagne in the minibar as then we were charged or $100.00 worth of items that were just moved to the side to make room.We were told that we were not allowed to make room for personal rereshments and that was considered taking the product. The drinks were just put on the side of the fridge as the minibar attendant would have clearly noted. Really.... a little pathetic. Afterall its still the champagne that was from their hotel.Valet Asking for my wedding dress to be pressed was such a challenge. I never thought a reequest of this nature would prove such a challenge and a 40 minute wait in the lobby.The bell captain was very unhelpful just telling me to call the Laundry on his desk phone and ask them my request ... very unprofessional ... can they not annouce calls and or handle requests themselves , making me wait?The service of the dress at the end was well done.All in all , I never mind paying top dollar for above adverage service to say the least this was just below par. The hotel would charge you to breathe! from $13.95 a minute local phone calls , excessive business centre charges, charged for extra glasses to be brought to your room, $5.00pp room service fee... I am sure the list goes on.The room was spacious , very clean, amenities very high standardm, and housekeeping very attentive. If you are after a Waldorf Astoria experience come for coffee and people watch in the foyer , dont bother staying ....go to the Plaza instead. I had high tea at the Plaza and just that 1 hour experience was wonderful ; the stay would have been too ....Unortunately, my Waldorf experience was far below adverage.	
Jun 7 2009 	The good and bad of an old school hotel	New York city is unique to the world, and I like staying in uniquely New York hotels when I'm there. The Waldorf definitely qualifies. It has the great lobby, half a dozen food/drink options, and the feel of something old and wise. The lobby is always hopping, which I love. That said, the hotel doesn't do anything super - the rooms are small, some areas are a little worn, they don't always have enough people working the front desk, etc. But, for me, this is so much better than the cookie-cutter hotel experience that you will get at the big chains, even in NYC. When you wake up and stumble into the lobby, you won't forget what city you're in, and that's worth something. The Waldorf gets a thumbs up.	
Jun 4 2009 	It Doesn't Get Any Better Than This	The Waldorf=Astoria not only lived up to it's legendary reputation, it exceeded it. I have stayed here several times and it has always been a phenomenal experience. On the most recent stay I brought my wife and two young children (6 and 9) up for the kids' first trip to New York.as part of a business trip I was on. The only downside to this decision is that the bar set by the Waldorf=Astoria can never be reached by anywhere else and my kids will now measure every other hotel by this stay. Every staff member is friendly, helpful, enthusiastic, professional and genuinely nice. We had the great fortune of staying in a room that almost defies description - it was beyond elegant. I have also had the pleasure to stay in other rooms which may not have been as large, but were still very luxurious and roomy. I recommend this hotel to anyone who would like to have a real New York, or for that matter, world class, experience. The room rate was an excellent value. The location is great as well - on Park Avenue, a short walk to Grand Central, Fifth Avenue and Times Square. I always look forward to staying at the Waldorf.	
Jun 2 2009 	An Old Grand Place...	We just came back from a three-night stay with our two kids. The Waldorf is very different from our &quot;usual,&quot; which tends to be more of the boutique, home-style, 4 or 5-star places. The Waldorf is old style. Grand. Old glamour. Traditional. It has some really great features, such as thick walls, heavy real wood doors and furniture, thick gold-colored drapes, real heavy handles for the bathroom door (so it's much easier to open when you have just put lotion on your hands!), door bell and mail slot, etc. The one and only downside is there is no free wi-fi (amazing in this day and age; even at the Hampton Inn there is free wi-fi!). We're glad to have stayed here. Would I do it again? Probably not... but if you haven't stayed here, it's a good experience. We got a really great deal off of their website (pre-paid, no money back, etc.). Comparatively, the price was much cheaper than others we'd looked at. Room service was decent, but super expensive.	
Jun 1 2009 	Beautiful Classic Hotel	My family and I chose to stay at the Waldorf due to the history and location of the hotel. Having read the reviews on TripAdvisor I ws confident we would not be disappointed and we were not. Even with its age the hotel was in great shape and our room was very nice. We ended up in the tower on the 35 th floor with a great view of the city. The room had a large well appointed bathroom and VERY comfortable beds. The lobby was goergous and the staff very nice and helpful. Well worth the price.	
Jun 1 2009 	SO ELEGANT!!!	We stayed at the Waldorf in late January. The hotel is very close to Grand Central Station so it made transportation so easy. We were so impressed with the hotel. The staff was great and the room was awesome! We had issues with the heater at that time, and they graciously upgraded us to a suite since it was also my first time in the city. The concierge was very helpful and the entire NYC experience was made much more memorable because of this hotel.	
Jun 1 2009 	Absolutely Horrid	Worst excuse for a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel I've ever seen, anywhere, including the Third or Fourth World. aStayed in &quot;Upgraded&quot; king room with Hilton Diamond (highest) status. Rooms are extremely dated and in poor condition. Bed and bed linens smelled as if they had not been changed from the last guest, the beds had to be changed twice on check in and the pillows had to be swapped out for new ones. Room was not ready, despite Diamond Status and notification to the hotel upon booking of time of arrival. Carpet was so worn as to be slippery, and indeed we did both slip several times. Very, very loud, even for location. I have lived in and visited Manhattan my whole life, and I assure you there are much better hotels at the price - try the Sherry Netherland or Lowe's Regency. When I was a child in Manhattan this was known as an hotel for business, parvenu tourists, and an &quot;event&quot; venue for second rate debutante balls - but I cannot think anyone in even any of these classes would put up with this hotel. If you really think there is something special about this hotel, visit the lobby and the bar - if you need to get your hair done, go the Kenneth's by all means - but for Heaven's sake, stay elsewhere!	
Jun 1 2009 	One night stay - upgrade to a suite in the Towers	I spent one night at the Waldorf last week. I usually stay in another mid-town hotel but for logistical reasons chose to stay at The Waldorf this time. I had a very nice - but perhaps atypical - experience. I booked at superior room but at check in was upgraded to a one-bedroom suite in the Waldorf Towers. Decor a little dated -- but very large and very comfortable. I was on the 33rd floor so not bothered by street noise which can be intense in Manhattan. My room rate included breakfast at Oscar's - a choice between American or Continental breakfast -- breakfast was good and they brought me a nice big pot of tea. The hotel is enormous and obviously caters to a convention/group crowd. The public areas are very nice and they showcase the long history of the hotel. Definitely NOT a boutique hotel experience. Location is terrific - right down the street from Saks and St. Patrick's Cathedral. All hotels in Manhattan are expensive but with my upgrade this was great value -- and also would have been good value even without it.	
May 27 2009 	Grand Art Deco Hotel	excellent service. The reception desk was friendly and helpful. The bell staff was easy to find and very helpful. The room was well furnished. The east side location is hard to beat. The public areas are beautifully restored. I've stayed in a number of fine hotels; this one succeeded in impressing me. The only complaint was the prices charged in the restaurants (breakfast wasn't that good). High, even by New York standards.	
May 26 2009 	not worth it	I stayed there 5 nights in may 09 with my mum in 2 different rooms.I've chosen the superior ones. When we arrived, only one was ready, the other wich was gaven later was on the same floor but not the same size, first question. Then I wanted to use the internet, the connexion is announced at &quot;a nominal fee&quot; for those room on the WA website....15$ a day, is it nominal?? they also say that the maid comes twice a day, they never showed up for the night tunr!! when I complained at the front desk, the answer I had was &quot;oh, ok, sorry&quot;...is it an answer you're supposed to get for such a hotel?Well, of course, the hotel's got a very nice lobby but I guess one should better just have a look there but stay in an other hotel....	
May 25 2009 	This is my type of hotel !	Wow....the moment you walk into this hotel you know your walking into history. A beautiful gracious elegant masterpiece oozing with magnicent architectural features.This is my type of hotel. A hotel that stands proudly with memoirs of the famous and the ordinary; a stylish grandeur of stately opulence in days gone by. A hotel with a story.Check in – Busy hotel with queues but extremely friendly and professional.Room – Our suite 1148 was traditionally furnished with a spacious lounge room which consisted of a lounge suite, large working desk , mini bar, and beautiful antique furniture. The bedroom was enormous with a comfortable king size bed and a cabinet with TV. Off the bedroom was a walk-in dressing room with safe. Bathroom – spacious with great walk-in shower and large vanity unit.Location – Marvellous location just around the corner from Fifth Avenue. The hop on/ hop off bus has a stop outside the hotel.Staff - All happy to assist, we found all members to be totally professional and proficient.Dining – We had a very ordinary breakfast the first day in the café downstairs. However, we were blessed when our US clients escorted us to the Sunday brunch and Oh my goodness, what a delightful feast. We were very happy we didn’t have to pay ! as its very expensive but a must do if staying in the hotel on the weekend. Overall – We loved our stay at the Waldof Astonia. It’s a &quot; real &quot; hotel that is smothered with old fashioned grandness and luxury. Staying in New York at the Waldorf was a wonderful experience and a very special treat !	
May 22 2009 	Worth the Experience-very good	Impressive hotel especially the lobby areas. The rooms and corridors are more dated and a little worn but the comfort and service makes up for it. Our room had the disadvantage of having a generator running all nights on the roof outside our window but with ear plugs you wouldnt hear it. However at a hotel of this claibre i would have expected double or tribble glazing on the rooms facing this internal lightwell to help dampern the generator noise or sort out the noise form the equipment in the first plave.That aside we had a lovely stay and would defenatily stay again i would just ask for a room well away for that roof in future.	
May 21 2009 	Beautiful Hotel rooms vary	My sister and I were visiting NY and booked the Waldorf 7 months in advance. We arrived at 1 am without luggage as the airline had lost our luggage. The lobby is gorgeous and well maintained. The man at the front desk, I believe his name was Amin checked and found our room had been given away and immediately upgraded us to a luxury suite. He also assured us he would send up toiletries. He was very professional and helpful and such a relief to find someone so helpful in NY! Sure enough he sent up a great pack of all the toiletries we would need. The suite was nice and consisted of a living room, bedroom, front hall, dressing room and bathroom. The furnishings and window shades appeared to be a bit worn but other than that it was very nice. The next night we switched to a normal room which was a corner room overlooking Park Avenue. This room seemed very updated, was very large, had high ceilings and very comfortable. Our parents were also on the trip and I found their room to be a bit dark and also a little outdated and smaller so I think the rooms really vary. I would recommend asking for a corner room. The bathrooms are nice, GREAT water pressure. The actual location of the hotel is great because you are within walking distance of Times Square and Broadway but enough removed to not be in the middle of the chaos. Also being 2 blocks from 5th avenue was nice since we didn't have any luggage! The Bull and Bear Bar hosts the Fox Business Network show &quot;happy hour&quot; every weekday so we went and had a drink at the bar and watched the taping which was a lot of fun. We only ate at the hotel for breakfast at Oscars which was very good. Overall I am confident I would stay here again but would request a corner room. Great staff at both the front desk and restaurant.	
May 21 2009 	beautiful hotel friendly helpful staff	Looking at the reviews here, I'm surprised.....I found this hotel to be absolutely clean, perfectly furnished, fabulous lobby, hallways to rooms beaufully well maintained and rooms with everything so clean and fresh, it looked as if the room had just been redecorated. Sfaff were consistly friendly, smiling, and helpful. drinks were over priced in the bar but the choice is yours' to drink elsewhere... loved it!!!	
May 19 2009 	1st class service with excellent facilities.	I recently stayed at The Waldorf Astoria in NYC for a holiday with my now fiancee.I got a great deal for 2 nights through hiltons own website. I had put on my booking form that i would be arriving on my birthday.I thought nothing more of it. From arriving with very bad jet lag and no bags (Grrr British Airways), the staff at the hotel couldnt do enough to make us feel welcome. They pointed us in the direction of clothes stores to purchase replacement clothes which the airline lost and generally made us feel special. On returning to the hotel after a days sightseeing, we returned to our room to find a tray of chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of champagne with a hand written card from the general manager wishing me a happy birthday and &quot;if there was anything the hotel can do for you to enhance your stay, please do not hesitate to contact me&quot;. I was so impressed by this hotel and its staff i decided to propose to my girlfriend in the hotel as opposed to elsewhere in the city. It really was that good. I would recommend this hotel to anyone time and time again.	
May 19 2009 	An old hotel with lots of character	I stayed in the Waldorf for 5 nights this month and really enjoyed my stay. It is a heritage building and one of the oldest hotels in New York. I believe it is nick named The Old Dame. The decor is old fasioned and you feel as though you are being taken back to the Marilyn Monroe/Frank Sinatra era when you are there. The location is perfect, right in the heart of Manhatten. And the staff were friendly and helpful.	
May 17 2009 	Not what you expect for the price	We stayed at this hotel for seven nights. Before we went we had high expectations due to the Waldorf name. This hotel is very run down and needs a major renovation. The rooms are a decent size but everything seems old and needs replaced. We found the staff in the hotel not too friendly unless you had cash in your hands ready to tip. The man who works in the security deposit box area is extremely sad and angry looking. Overall I would not stay here again, it is not worth the money and living on an old reputation.	
May 17 2009 	Great location rooms dated service so so	We took a family vacation at Thanksgiving to New York. The location is great, but our room was very dated.(over $400 a night). We got to the airport to fly home and realized we left our video camera in the room. We could not get a live person on the phone. It was 2 days later before someone from lost and found called us back. Of course they said they could not find our camera. I sure they didn't even look. I do not think I will be staying there again.	
May 14 2009 	Wonderful Stay; Can't Wait to Return	Having read mixed reviews of the Waldorf on Tripadvisor, I was a little worried about having booked it. Fortunately, I had the most fantastic stay, and ended up being impressed in just about every regard. The hotel is itself one of the most beautiful in New York; the entrance lobby with its stunning mosaic floor and grandly old-world crystal chandelier was always such a happy place to come home to, and the main lobby is itself a feast of beautiful woodwork and lavish craftmanship. Indeed, despite being an old hotel, the main floor has been renovated and maintained to perfection. The rooms themselves are older, it's true--yet ours had clearly been recently redone, as everything was immaculate, from the lovely new carpet and drapes to the marble-topped bedside table and desk. My one complaint was that the tub in the bathroom had obviously not been redone in years; however, the bathroom was nevertheless dripping in marble, and as nice as everything else was, I quickly got over that one quibble. And of course, everything was utterly spotless, as clean and well-maintained as could be.Having said that, make no mistake--the Waldorf *is* an old-fashioned hotel, and if you crave everything being modern then you will probably not care for the decor or the overall presentation. However, it is all incontrovertibly classy, and truly a wonderful place to stay. The location is absolutely perfect, too, central while still being peaceful and refined. I was there for a week, and it quickly came to feel like home; I was more sorry to leave it than I have been to leave any hotel in quite some time, and I am already looking forward to returning the next time I am in New York.Just the same, there are compromises, as with any hotel. Parts of the hotel outside the main floor *are* old, and while in my opinion that adds to the Waldorf's charm, it will not be to the taste of everyone. Taken as a whole, the hotel is probably not as well maintained as a Ritz-Carlton, for instance, would be. However, a room at the Waldorf can be had for vastly less than a comparable room at the Ritz or the Plaza, and frankly, for all that we got for the very good price we paid, I can't see that it would be hugely worth spending the extra money to stay elsewhere. The service we received was beyond reproach, from the concierge who got us last minute dinner reservations at a top New York restaurant to the staff who came to our room and would not accept a tip for their labors. I was disappointed initially, as our room was too dark for my taste; however, when we called, they quickly brought us an extra floor lamp that righted the problem immediately. (A word to the wise--if anything bothers you, simply ask; the staff is extremely kind, and at least in my experience, did everything possible to keep us happy.) Also, I should note that the lobby is often crowded with people and tourists (the Waldorf gives tours), which can be an aggravation; nevertheless, the hotel itself is incredibly quiet, and that never bothered me too much. On the plus side, there was a buzziness to it such that the bars were really fun, and while the drinks were expensive, I loved being able to go down in the evening and take advantage of the free ground-floor wireless internet while sipping a marvelous cocktail and enjoying the nightly piano music. In closing, despite its shortcomings, I absolutely loved the Waldorf, and in spite of what some of the reviews on here would leave you to believe, I would recommend it without reservation.	
May 13 2009 	Great location wonderful staff	I loved this hotel. When the staff found out we were celebrating a birthday, they sent a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries to our room. I love the old world charm of this hotel. The romm was beautiful. I would stay there again!	
May 13 2009 	Great hotel the Waldorf	I travelled to NYC with my daughter last week. We had organised to stay at a private club for the 1st 4 nights. We were delighted with the accommodation there, it was 1st class, however they were full for our last night and I had to find somewhere equally as nice, and decided on the Waldorf.Well! What a lovely experience! We were SO sorry we had not spent the week there!!! The room was large and the beds so comfortable. The buzz of the reception, lobby &amp; bar area was electric. I did find the bar and restaurant expensive: but there is a Starbucks on the premises and so many restaurants nearby....u are never stuck for somewhere to eat in NYC!!Our ONLY problem was, that the fire alarm went off at 2am !! It was a false alarm...so could have been worse.New York is such good value, I look forward to my next trip. I will be staying at the Waldorf for the full duration of my trip!Cant wait!	
May 12 2009 	Old fashioned hotel good location	We chose Waldorf-Astoria because the incredible offer on their site (pay in advance, no change of dates, no refund, a room for around 230USD). As we could not find anything better at this rate we thought that trying such a world famous hotel would be fun. In fact the hotel is nothing special, I would say it is fairly average. The rooms are clean but a bit run down, you can see that they have not been redecorated or renovated in decades. The TV is at least 15 years old. We stayed on the 10th and had absolutely no view, only the offices in front of us...I would have been a bit dissapointed had I paid the normal rate......When we arrived nobody offered any help with the luggage and I was a bit surprised to see the internet service for almost 5USD per minute (we came from Central America on our way back to Europe and had no laptop). I was a bit shocked that this was the world famous Waldorf, but with the price I paid it was worth it. I would definitely not pay the normal rate as it would be far too much for this service and quality. I personally prefer smaller, friendlier places and Waldorf-Astoria is definitely none of the above.	
May 11 2009	A little underwhelming!	Treated my Mum to a two night stay at the Waldorf Astoria over Christmas 2008. I unfortunately expected a lot more from this hotel, and was a little disappointed with the stay.Check-in was incredibly slow and ended up leaving bags with the bell captain and walked around Manhattan to kill time until our room was ready. Ended up with room 1455 which had fairly average furnishings. The curtains needed a good clean, the surfaces were all a bit grotty and the telephone hadn't ever been cleaned! The bathroom was pretty average but they did provide nice toiletries. The room did have two very comfortable double beds with lovely soft pillows, sheets and gorgeous feather quilts. Had a wonderful porter who was extremely friendly and very knowledgeable. Most of the staff we came across were very helpful. No wireless internet access in rooms. To use the business centre downstairs it was a fee of $4.99 to log on, then 80c per minute thereafter. I did get random wi-fi behind the lobby by the public telephones but it dropped out frequently. My advice is to find an internet cafe!Don't drink at Starbucks inside the Waldorf at the 5th Avenue entrance. It's way more expensive than every other Starbucks. After eight previous stays in NYC, I'd prefer to be over on the 8th or 9th Avenue side of Times Square for proximity to cheap and cheery restaurants and bars. 5th Avenue was a little short of eateries at night, but did find a nice little Italian place called San Martin on 49th between Lex and Park. Great food and service was fabulous. I'm sure the East Side has great places to eat, but given the weather on Christmas Eve, we didn't venture too far away. Would I stay there again - No. I think it's overpriced and over-rated. For that kind of money, I'd try the W Hotel or spend the extra money on Broadway shows!	
May 9 2009 	Excellent service though comes at a price	We held our annual conference at the Waldorf in June 2008. The whole atmosphere in and around the hotel makes you feel nostalgic... as if you had stepped into a movie from the 1940s. Highly recommended... though comes at a steep price if you are purely a room guest. We have compared a lot of plush NY hotels and frankly, the cost differential isn't too much.Let's get down to the basics:-Accomodation:- Most rooms are slightly larger than standard hotel rooms that you would find. Though I must mention, that we had a few rooms that extremely large and had enough space to fit in cars.Location:- Right in the heart if midtown Manhattan. Conveniently located for sight seeing as well as business meetings. Taxis, subways, buses... you name... right at the doorstep of this hotel.Service:- The service levels have been immaculate, especially considering that we were hosting a conference with over 200 people participating. The hotel staff is dedicated enough to ensure that your needs are met ontime, everytime.Food:- We had requested special Indian dishes for lunch and dinner... and honestly, the Paneer Makhanwala and Maa-ki-daal were as good as you would find in most Indian restaurants. Otherwise, haveing lunch or dinner in their restaurants can turn out to be a very pricey affair.Cheers....	
May 9 2009 	Very Disappointing	I stayed at the Waldorf for two night on business. I was quite excited because of its history and name, but came away disappointed. I stayed on the 6th floor, the room was small, view of a brick wall, dated furniture and no wireless internet. I ordered room service for room service, 2 eggs/coffee and juice and it was $53. For the price, there are a ton better options and I'll never stay there again.	
May 5 2009 	Traditional Glamour and Charm	We were 'upgraded' to this hotel by our travel agents, so found ourselves based here for a two-night stay by happy accident. Our room was allocated to us on arrival at 10.30am and we were delighted to discover it was a very spacious twin room decorated traditionally (lots of florals going on!). The bathroom was somewhat dated but was perfectly adequate for a short stay with good supply of towels and toiletries.We found the bars and restaurants in the hotel to be almost prohibitively expensive, but this is probably due to the weak Sterling when we visited. That said, we had a couple of drinks in the bar near the lobby - everyone just seemed to be having the most lovely time in there and we didn't want to miss out! The hotel is well located for first time visitors to New York who want to do all the sights - we were able to walk to most landmarks, although there were always plenty of taxis to be had nearby if needed. It's always a comforting feeling in a big city to pop back to the hotel to drop off shopping/freshen up before heading back out - and the Waldorf was located centrally so as to allow us to do this. Overall, this hotel is the very meaning of 'faded glamour'. Whilst I'm glad we experienced the charm of the Waldorf I would probably pick a more contemporary hotel for future visits to New York.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great First Time Stay at the Waldorf	My husband and I celebrated our anniversary at the Waldorf in April 2009. We stayed for an extended weekend and we had the time of our lives. Upon checking in, we asked for an upgrade and were given a minisuite on the 42nd (top) floor. We found out this suite also doubles as a second bedroom for the Royal Suite, which used to be the part-time home to the Duke and Duchess of Windsor. The room was absolutely beautiful and had windows that faced 50th Street and you could also see Park Avenue. There was a small foyer, that included a wetbar and refrigerator. Then the bedroom/living area, which had the most comfortable king bed I've ever slept in, along with a desk and chair, couch, armchair, coffee table, end tables and entertainment center with TV. To the right of the bedroom was a small changing area with a closet where the safe was kept along with luggage racks, iron and ironing board. Through the dressing area was the bathroom, which had a tub and separate shower area. We could not have asked for better service. The hotel was convenient to everything and there were a couple subway stations within a block or two. We would definitely love to return to the Waldorf someday, but there are so many other cities/countries we want to see first.	
Apr 27 2009 	Average	This is a large, impersonal, busy hotel. We had a one bedroomed suite which was spacious enough for a family of four. The bedroom and lounge were in good condition, comfortable and clean but felt cold and dark even on the sunniest of days. The bathroom was old and very dated. We heard no traffic noise. Drinks and food were expensive.I found the location of Sunday brunch in the main foyer next to the check in desks to be rather odd.I was surprised at the lack of security at this hotel, as anyone could just wander in.The hotel is ideally located and within easy walking distance of many attractions.	
Apr 26 2009 	A perfect stay.	From arrival to departure everything was superb. The room was clean and spacious and the staff were just wonderful throughout.There is a guided tour of the hotel, which was actually a really great experience. We learned a lot about the history of the hotel and got to see parts of the hotel you would not normally see as a guest, including the kitchen. I would happily recommend it and I would happily stay again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Honeslty?.....I stayed for the name!	The Waldorf is extremely elegant, and as the famous hotel it is i certainly wasn't disappointed. The rooms were not huge but immaculate, and I loved the bathroom, really bright with loads of mirrors! The bed was fabulous (mind you, its so exhausting sighseeing you would sleep on a washing line!) However in New York you spend very little time in your room anyway! It has to be said the people watching in the Waldorf was fabulous full of tux's and ball gowns and me in my Ugg boots! I have to be fair I only stayed in the hotel because of it history but it really did make my trip to New York special!	
Apr 24 2009 	Not worth the moneyyou are only paying for the name.	Thought I would celebrate my 50th birthday with three friends.The holiday wasnt cheap,we saved for a year.We had requested adjoining rooms,didnt get them and later told there was no adjoining rooms anyway.Rooms we basic and cold.Heating didnt work and it had been snowing when we were there.Grafitti scraped on bedside cabinet,shower/bath knob was missing,electric sockets not working.Best of all my friends felt very let down that the hotel hadnt even left a card as the knew I was celebrating my 50th[I didnt mind] so they complained and when we got back in on the first evening there was a bottle of cava and a box of four chocolates left in my room.Only thing was they took the money from my friends credit card for them.They did not reply to my letter nor my emails.I would stay clear of this hotel.	
Apr 21 2009 	A Fantastic Hotel Experience!	I too read the not-so-flattering reportst about the Waldorf-Astoria before I left. I did not get the chance to choose a hotel because we were part of a group. I was pleasantly surprised by my WA experience! The service is second to none. They took care of anything we asked for. One night, I needed to ice my foot. Within minutes after asking, I had an ice bag at the door. The decor was upscale and very elegant. The hotel room was large and spacious. The only part of the hotel that showed any age was the bathroom plumbing. I was ok with that though. We had the opportunity to have dinner in the Bear and Bull. Quite expensive, but very nice. A drink in the lobby was about twice what it would have been anywhere else. The food at our two group breakfasts was super, and a perfect way to start the day. Would I stay here again...probably not since it's a &quot;been there, done that&quot; kind of thing. I do prefer the Crown Plaza on Time Square to this hotel. Would I recommend this hotel? Absolutely! It's a great place to experience atleast once.On a side note...we noticed what we thought were hookers in the lobby very late one evening. Not sure if this is something you see in other NY hotels but the were there to &quot;see&quot; someone. I'm not sure if they were allowed upstairs or not. (GROSS)	
Apr 21 2009 	Nice Place....middle of road for NYC.	Wife and I stayed at the WA for a long weekend with friends. Location is central in Midtown which makes it easy to get around. The WA's famous name makes it sound more appealing than it really is. I am not going to rip on the hotel because it is nice but lets face it...It is an old place....and you can sort of tell it. I think the management has done a great job with what they have but the WA is aging and it is easy to tell in some spots. The hotel apparently does not have AC and heat...they only have one or the other. the temp was 80 degrees in NYC but the AC in the hotel had not been switched on. Our room was not uncomfortable but our friends did complain. they were told to open a window and they provided them with a small oscillating fan. It was funny to see this cheap little wal mart fan blowing around a room in the WA. Our room was small but it was well appointed. the bath towels were top notch and the bed was very nice. the 42 inch flat screen was cool too. check in service was polite and the concierge was very helpful. Bartenders were cool and recommended great restaurants. The WA is nice and everyone is as nice as they could be but honestly the place was a little disappointing. Overall, I think the problem that I, and all of our friends, had with WA is that the hotel itself does not live up to its big name. when you say WA you think of timeless elegance and oppulent accomodations. Not bashing the WA but we are just used to something a little nicer and i think most seasoned travelers would be on the same page.	
Apr 21 2009 	Beautiful Hotel good service challenged experience.	The Waldorf is a beautiful Hotel with comfortable beds and a helpful staff. Its location is perfect, near the liveliest spots but far enough to allow for a good nights rest. Now for the not so great, our non-smoking room was a smoking room with an air-ionizer placed in it. The hotel double charged our account for our stay, only after placing a hold for 100 dollars a day over the initial quote for the possibility of &quot;incidentals&quot; (ie. minibar, internet use etc). This brought the on hold amount from our bank account to 240% of the initial quote. In the staffs defense, after being told by the desk attendant I was wrong and the charges were correct, the manager called and corrected their mistake, 24hrs later it was corrected, both on paper and in my bank account. The television remote never worked, but we were so tired from running at city speed we didn't have time to notice. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The staff, attentive and courteous, with the exception of the desk clerk,were always professional. I had high expectations for this hotel, but found myself disappointed when I had to correct another billing issue at check out, this time an incorrect charge for the minibar, of course in the hotels favor. Everything here is specifically designed to seperate you from your hard-worked for dollars. Enjoy your stay here, but double check all billing, and be prepared to direct attention to poorly handled billing procedures. Don't be too nice to make a stand, you will be taken advantage of.	
Apr 18 2009 	Convenient Luxury	Elegant art deco lobby. Beautiful entrance - especially from Park Ave. We had the corner room on the 12th floor and it was lovely.Only complaint is that it is a huge hotel. (you don't get that &quot;personal service&quot; feel like from small boutique hotels - there is a long line at the check-in, long wait on the phone, etc.)Great location - centrally located.LOVED telling the cabbie - &quot;Take me to the Waldorf!&quot;	
Apr 17 2009 	Great stay in NYC	My wife and I booked at the Waldorf for a romantic getaway this month and were pleasantly surprised at the accommodations. We booked the romantic package(champagne &amp; breakfast in bed). and were pleased to be upgraded to a tower one bedroom suite, above and beyond the package suite. The restaurants are a bit pricey, we at Qdoba across the street for dinner one night. Had lunch at the Peacock restaurant in the hotel and would say that it is fair, although the fact that it is off the lobby and the people watching was great. When booking in NYC I recommend considering the Waldorf simply based on value. I am looking at booking another trip to NYC and the Waldorf is only about $40 more than the Hampton Inn, so for the extra money I will stay at the Waldorf based on it's status and proximity to local attractions.	
Apr 16 2009 	After not expecting much I was pleasantly suprised once there!	After reading the reviews on this I traveled to New York not expecting much from the hotel. Well I must say I was wrong. The hotel is in a fantastic location and I would say that if you were to use all the facilities, which I did not, then it would be worth the money. The rooms were very clean and the staff more than happy to help.Despite the fact my first room was on the small side after requesting a larger room I was given a corner room which proved to be larger, although some bathroom space was compromised. Not to big a problem as that is an area I do not tend to spend much time in.The location was excellent. A 4,5,6 subway round the corner, a ten minute walk to Grand Central and about the same to Times Square. All in all I would recommended you stay here if you get a relatively good deal.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great location enjoyable stay	We were really apprehensive with all the previous negative reports, but we have to say we had a great time. When we first arrived, the room we were given was not big enough for my wife and two sons. We enquired with John, the very helpful check in clerk, who moved us the next day to a large corner room.We were on floor 12, which is barely half way up the main hotel building on the front (Park Avenue) corner and we heard almost no noise from passing traffic. You hear the odd car horn but what else would you expect in one of the busiest Cities in the world.We did not eat in the Hotel as we found it very expensive and not suitable for children. The hotel lobby and reception are however stunning and the staff are all very helpful and accommodating. We will return to this hotel on our next trip to NY and our experience does not reflect some of the other entries on Trip Advisor.	
Apr 9 2009 	Lovely Hotel	We spent 4 days at the Waldorf Astoria to celebrate my 60th Birthday, we didn't eat in the Hotel as we were out from morning till night sight seeing. On the morning of my birthday I was going to have a lovely bubble bath and champagne, only to find there was no water, we couldn't even have a wash. Disappointing to say the least, we were told that no rooms had any water and that it did eventually come on , but unfortunately we had left to go shopping by then.	
Apr 9 2009 	Great historic hotel with modern amenities	This hotel is a gem. The room was a typical size for NYC, the bathroom was really nice, and the bed/linens were comfortable. The decor was impeccable, and the service was great. We would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 7 2009 	OMG the perfect hotel perfect room and perfect staff!!!	My husband and I went to New York for our wedding anniversary and chose the Waldorf because of it's name and also we were offered a pretty good rate. We stayed on the concierge floor (actually 2 flights up on 28) because continental breakfast was included, and we might get a better view up higher. It was the best decision ever! Our room was BEAUTIFUL, with a loungeroom, walk-in-robe, king size bed, fireplace, and although the view wasn't spectacular, it was decent. We just loved going down to the 26th floor for breakfast. Seeing the gorgeous fresh food laid out on proper silver ware and greeted with a smile and kind words each morning was fabulous. Breakfast included cereals, fresh fruit salad, yogurts, smoked salmon, bagels, a selection of breads, freshly brewed tea and coffees, all of which could be taken away and eaten in your room if you wanted. The hotel itself was amazing. Now, we would probably only stay in a hotel maybe two or three times a year, so are not experts or anything, but we know when we are enjoying something and we DEFINITELY enjoyed the Waldorf Astoria. We ate i the famous Bull and Bear restaurant (I enjoyed my surf and turf, the hubby HATED his oven roasted rib), drank in Sir Harry's bar ($9 beer, $12 vodka &amp; coke, $22 cosmopolitan + tips), and walked EVERYWHERE (20mins in heels to times sq!). We even arrived to our room one night to find a bottle of champagne and choc dipped strawberries awaiting us. No, we definitely can't speak high enough of the Waldorf Astoria, LOVED IT!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 4 2009 	Unexpected luxury	The hotel overlooking needs refurbishing, the windows and corridors as well. The hotel located in an excellent place. It is very huge you can loose yourself easly. We didn't get the reserved room, but they offered free breakfast for us. A strange noise from the street had heard. The quality of the service was excellent and stay as well. We've been there only one night. I told the problem for the receptionist at check-out, she wrote it up, I hope they can do something.	
Mar 31 2009 	Beautiful stay at a historic hotel.	We chose the Waldorf Astoria for a two-night stay before a Caribbean cruise on the Queen Mary 2. We wanted to combine this modern cruising icon with the historic landmark of NY that the Waldorf is.The hotel is impressive and has this kind of old elegance, charm and finesse that it is difficult to find in modern hotels. It is well maintained, even if some places look tired. We particularly liked the rich wood hues in various walls and the balanced combination of spaciousness and restricted classical atmosphere in many public spaces. Our room was tastefully decorated, giving you a sense of intimacy, warmth and harmony.Service was very good and the staff was helpful and friendly. Actually we experienced this as soon as we arrived, when a kind young employee at the front desk (we remember him with gratitude) upgraded us to a beautiful junior suite at the 17th floor.We had dinner at the historic Bull and Bear Restaurant of the hotel, whose decor and ambience we enjoyed. The restaurant promotes itself for its awarded beefsteaks, and we found our own to be true to the advertisement.The location of the hotel is magnificent, at the centre of action of New York City. Everything was near, and when we needed to do some shopping all we had to do was to walk a bit, simultaneously enjoying the atmosphere of the city. Right outside of the hotel we also found the two-decker buses that we extensively used to explore the city. Overall it was a most memorable stay. Decor, room, service, staff, location were great. We would return to the Waldorf Astoria in a heartbeat.	
Mar 30 2009 	Beautiful hotel but rooms disappointing	I have just returned from this hotel and overall the hotel was stunning inside but our deluxe room was dreadfull, it was small and with no heating working outside i could of been staying anywhere in the world as all i could see was 3 brick wall and a generater !!! I imediately complained and was told that there were no other rooms available which was an absolute joke eventually after sleeping in our robes we were moved the next day to a slightly better room. The location is great and we have Brad and Angelina staying there but some how think there room would be a bit nicer than ours!!!	
Mar 28 2009 	You have to go to Chamber Magic Show	Even though I have lived on the east coast all my life, I have never visited NYC. We bought tickets to Steve Cohen's Chamber Magic Show after seeing him on CBS Sunday Morning. The show takes place in the Waldorf Towers, so we decided to treat ourselves and spend the weekend at the Waldorf. The show was absolutely amazing! Mr. Cohen provides an up close personal magical experience. The Waldorf provides the luxury that is expected from such a posh hotel We were able to visit most of Manhattan and then return to our comfortable room to relax. It was a weekend treat that was well worth the experience. It wasn’t budget friendly but it was certainly worth the cost.	
Mar 27 2009 	great location - threadbare rooms - grand dame is ready for an overahaul	The Waldorf is ideally located - easy access to everything. The staff is incredibly helpful (great concierge!) - but the room we had was pitiful, way overdue for an update. Paper thin walls - with a neighbor who slammed the door at least a dozen times a night between midnight and 2am - the lingering smell of smoke (nasty!) - no glazing on the windows so even on the 19th floor you felt like you were in the midst of mid-town traffic. All the more annoying since I had called the hotel and specifically requested a renovated room (to avoid all of the above). Management was not particularly helpful when I pointed out on my confirmation that I had made the request, their answer was to give my daughter a stuffed bear. A lovely gesture - but a quieter room without the acrid smell of smoke would have been better. My husband is a fan of the Peninsula - I fully understand why. If you want a reasonably priced room and are willing to take your chances with a room which may (or may not!!) be renovated then the Waldorf is just fine. But in a city with so many great hotels - I'd try elsewhere the next time.	
Mar 24 2009 	Peacock Alley Fiasco	Our family were in New York for a birthday celebration, as a thank you I booked Sunday lunch in Peacock Alley for 12.30pm. Booking was made by telephone from Ireland, the receptionist gave his name (I will not embarrass him). When we arrived, despite the fact that there were innumerable empty tables we were told that there was no record of our reservation but a table would be found if we cared to wait. We waited and were ignored for 20 minutes, then gave out and went looking for an alternative, a wasted morning and a big disappointment as I had previously eaten there and was anxious to share the experience with my family.	
Mar 22 2009 	Fabulous Stay at the Legendary Waldorf=Astoria	This was the second time my 9 year old daughter and I stayed at the Waldorf=Astoria. It is our yearly &quot;Girls Weekend in NYC&quot;. The lobby is beautiful...Art Deco all around. Don't forget to look up at the ceiling and check out the golden clock by reception. If you go to the website you can also download an I-Pod walking tour of the hotel. Fabulous!We arrived early. Although our room was not yet ready, we were able to check in and have our luggage stored until we came back from a Times Square sight seeing walk and some lunch. After our return, we picked up our key and our luggage was taken to our room. We had a corner king (room 1113) on the eleventh floor. Note: After 6:00 pm you need to use your card in the elevator to go to your room. Our room was recently renovated. I had asked for a renovated room because the room we had last year, although very nice and large, was in need of sprucing up. This year, our room had tones of Gold with red, green and beige. The accents were dark wood and brass with beautiful fabric wall paper. There was plenty of closet space. The room included a long desk, comfy large upholstered chair, marble bath with tub/shower and plenty of towels, Lg. Phillips flat screen TV, I-Pod dock/radio/alarm clock with presets, 2 phones, and a comfy king bed with enough pillows for both of us ...I'm a pillow person. The bath had very nice amenities including cotton balls and tips, glycerine soap, lotion, shampoo, conditioner. There were heavy drapes at the window with both sheers and pull shades.The views from our two windows were fabulous. There was a great view through the far window of St. Bartholomews church and it's dome, as well as, down Park Avenue. The view from the front window was slightly obscured by the building but Park Avenue was still visible.The only thing I can say that isn't complementary is that our room had uneven floor boards under the carpet on one side of the bed. That's it. And truly, hardly worth mentioning. Nothing more than that. Everything else was great.In the morning, my daughter and I ordered up a small pot of coffee and small pot of hot chocolate. This is where you either like room service or not. I knew what the total cost would be before I ordered. But for those of you who may find this excessive I will explain. Each pot is $8.00...not too bad for a 3 cup pot in NYC. However, there is a $5.25 surcharge per person for your order. There were two of us, so, our coffee and chocolate came to $26.50 plus the $2 tip. If this is too much for you, there is a Starbucks downstairs at street level by the Park Avenue entrance (revolving doors) to your left, before you go up the stairs to the Terrace lobby. Or, you can take coffee downstairs in Peacock Alley or at the Terrace. Overall, everyone we interacted with at the Waldorf, from the doorman to the concierge to the reception desk to the waiter who brought up our beverages in the morning was very professional, courteous and helpful. They made my daughter feel as if she were a princess in a castle. The location can't be beat. This hotel is located on the East side of Midtown Manhattan. Close to Radio City, MOMA, Rockefeller Center, Top of the Rock, American Girl Place, Build a Bear and within a 10 minute walk of the Empire State Building and Times Square. A thirty minute walk will take you down to the Central Park Zoo. A little less time will take you to the park's playground, horse/carriage rides and FAO Schwartz (my daughter loved the floor piano -- think Tom Hanks in BIG). There are so many things to do at the park. On the East Side of the park, a little further down from the Zoo, is the petting zoo and the Metropolitan Museum of Art. On the West Side of the park (you will need to take a cab or walk for a bit) is the Museum of Natural History. Don't forget the Tavern on the Green, the castle and all the fabulous concerts and outdoor performances in the summer.We will definately stay here again next year, and hopfully for years to come, on our &quot;girls weekend&quot; in NYC. WE CAN'T WAIT!	
Mar 22 2009 	Wonderful 25th Wedding Anniversary Celebration	My husband and I celebrated our 25th Wedding Anniversary in Febuary at the Waldorf. After reading a few negative comments we were a bit apprehensive about what to expect. We shouldn't have worried. The staff were very friendly and couldn't have been more helpful. We had asked for an upgrade and received a room on the 27th floor with a corner view of Lexington and Park Avenues with an amazing view of the Chyrsler Building.We never ate in the hotel as it was too expensive, but found an excellent cafe around the corner for breakfast called Cafe Europe. All in all brilliant.One top tip, try and get tickets for the Rose Centre, sound and vision show in the Planetarium.	
Mar 22 2009 	Doesn't live up to the name	I was very excited to spend my birthday in the City and stay at the renowned, Waldor. Well, to keep this brief, I would have been more impressed and gotten better value for my money staying at the Holiday Inn. First off, check-in was confusing and took too long. The elevators malfunctioned (had to go down to go back up). And worst of all the room, was not what we was expect. I get the appeal of old charm, but our room was just OLD and had a weird, musty smell. The tub backed up and we had to space showers so that the water could drain completely. To make matters worse, I was over charged...We compensated for our accomadations by spending absolutely no time there, we returned late and left as soon as we awoke..	
Mar 21 2009 	A little dusty but great location for the price	We were very excited to stay at the famed Waldorf on our trip to NYC but were definitely a little disappointed by the experience. The hotel had a very &quot;convention/tourist&quot; feel rather than the old world elegance we were expecting and the hotel as a whole was pretty dusty and tired feeling. Our room was a decent size for an NYC hotel but our view of the flat rooftop left a lot to be desired. The room was pretty clean though and the location to the 5th Avenue shops and Broadway can't be beat. Room service costs (for breakfast) were absolutely outrageous, even by NYC standards which was annoying.	
Mar 20 2009 	Service much improved	I've stayed here a few times over the years, and always thought their service was pretty dismal. It would appear that someone has decided to remedy this. Was also pleased with a relatively large room -- stayed in the front of the hotel this time rather than towards the back. Rooms are clean and beds are comfy. My room only had a shower -- no big deal for me but I think a larger person would have difficulty fitting in the rather small space. If you like more space in which to shower in, suggest that you ask specifically for a bathtub.	
Mar 19 2009 	Best avoided unless you are a VIP	The Waldorf obviously is a landmark hotel and its reputation is well deserved in most respects. Unfortunately, I find that the level of service and quality of room drops significantly if you lack celebrity status or your name is not prefaced by something like &quot;Senator&quot; or &quot;Ambassador.&quot; On recent trip, I was made to wait 2 hours beyond regular check-in time for my room after having registered early (but they were more than happy to hold my bag ... thanks for that). Then, I was told that I was &quot;upgraded&quot; to a SUPERIOR Room. Wow (thanks again). What I found was that my SUPERIOR Room was so small that I had to turn sideways in order to squeeze past certain spots, and the bed needed to be moved in order to unfold an ironing board. Calls to Guest Services were met with ambivalence. Simply not acceptable for a hotel of such stature. There is a W Hotel and a Doubletree directly across the street, likely better values for a stay in Mid-town.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great hotel with great service	We took our daughter to New York to celebrate her birthday. We reserved a junior suite, but the hotel upgraded us to a full suite when they learned the occasion of the visit. It was a beautiful suite - a mini-apartment - with a great view of the cathedral. The staff was highly solicitous and the concierge was extremely knowledgable and very smooth. It was a great stay, and one that will be memorable for our family.	
Mar 17 2009 	Charm and elegance	I must be a romantic but this hotel is just fantastic. The common areas are furnished and appointed exceptionally well. There is so much history here that it is hard to just walk through the lobby without feeling that you are in a special place that has seen a lot through the years. Our room was very comfortable and being on the 15th floor overlooking Park Avenue was perfect with very little street noise and only an occasional sound from the hallway. My only complaint was that we had called prior to arriving with some special instructions, and they had not been followed through prior to our arrival. We had to wait about an hour for our requests to be attended to. But that was our only issue during our 4 night stay. We will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 15 2009 	Excellent hotel and great location	The hotel was in a great central location about 5-10 minutes walk to Times Square and 5th Avenue. Our room was on the 16th floor, the room was very spacious including a large dressing room and bathroom. Overall, we had a brilliant stay in New York City, the location of this hotel was brilliant for sight-seeing.	
Mar 14 2009 	Great stay...better than expected	First class stay. All the staff was very helpful from resturant reservations to theater reservations. Oyr room was just perfect...no complaints at all. Can't wait for our next visit	
Mar 14 2009 	Art Deco opulence in an outstanding location	A wonderfully plush and equisite hotel with outstanding customer service. We were upgraded from a king concierge room to a corner room on the 34th floor of the Waldorf Towers. The view was fantastic across Manhattens' skyline but the room was a little shabby (flaking paint and an avocado bathroom suite!), however the view and the comfiness of the bed overrode this point. Breakfast was gorgeous, with delicious pastries, cream cheese and salmon bagels, yogurts, fruit and cereal served everyday.	
Mar 12 2009 	fantastic locationfriendly staffmost comfortable bed in the world	Arrived in new york for the first time in august and checked into the waldorf for not a lot more than no name hotels charge in poor locations.The staff are very friendly and eager to please.Our room wasnt ready on arrival so they gave us a free upgrade with a view of lexington avenue and a voucher to get some free drinks at the bar.We had to wait about an hour so we had a look around the hotels ballrooms and shops.The room was very nice as we had expected and the beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept on.The maids came every day and did an excellent job.Unfortunately I didnt know til we got home that youre meant to leave a few dollars tip on pillow every day .Its a good idea to have a roll of dollar bills ready for tips to the staff who appreciate even for a buck.The location is perfect and I felt safe walking around surrounding area at midnight .I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone and hope to go back again one day.	
Mar 11 2009 	Loved every minute of it	I had wanted to stay at the Waldorf since I was little. Further to this, we booked a 4 night stay this March for my 40th.Before I booked I read every single review on this site and made a note of what I did and did not want. In the end we booked a king mini suite. I made additional requests for a high floor, refurbished room with a nice view.We got there quite early due to a morning flight and were given some vouchers for drinks. At this point I asked if there was any chance of an upgrade and they said they would see what they could do. We spent a few fun hours in Harry's Bar and then went to check in. There were no ques and we were whisked into the 'Diamond Lounge' to formally check in. We were advised by a very nice lady that we had been given a complimentary upgrade to an Astor suite. A gentleman was summoned to take our bags to the room. I got over excited about the tipping and gave him $20. 5 minutes later he rang our door bell (yes door bell) and asked us to follow him to the 18th floor for a private tour of the ballroom and other grand meeting rooms. This was fab, a real treat. The rooms are amazing.Our room had a seperate parlour and bedroom and an enourmous marble bathroom with seperate bath and shower. It was a really cosy room which my husband said was like a 'little flat' all of our own. We were on the 19th floor and had fantastic views from 4 windows of Lexington Avenue and Manhattan. It snowed while we were there an it was amazing to see from our room.We paid $279 per night for the room. Including 1 room service breakfast, a room service dinner, a shoe shine (had to try it) and 4 budweisers ($50.50 but on ice with their own table!), our whole bill came to about $1500.Allot of money but when you look at the quality and size of the room, the level of service and the location, then compare it to the prices of other 'posh' NYC hotels, it isn't half bad.I loved the whole experience. Please don't even bother staying here if your main priority is a wide screen telly and wifi. Do stay however if you fancy being sent back in time to a more elegant and classy era.Another tip. Don't book on line. Phone the hotel direct and speak to a real person, then be very clear aboout what you do and don't expect. Booking on lne is more of a lottery.	
Mar 10 2009 	great place to stay	My wife always wanted to stay in Waldorf Astoria. It lived it's expectations!! marvelous place!!we will be back!	
Mar 9 2009 	Excellent Service	We have stayed at the Waldorf several times over the past years and have always enjoyed our stay - this time we returned to the Waldorf after a couple years absence and were impressed by the increased level of service and efficiency - all given by genuinely friendly, competent personnel. All members of the staff: the doorman, valet, bellhop, check-in person, room service, maintenance, waiters at both Bull &amp; Bear and Peacock Alley made us feel like we were the most important people staying at the hotel and I observed that this level of service seemed to be the norm.Although the Waldorf was fully booked, we never had to wait or ask for anything - check-in went very smoothly - we were escorted to our room and the luggage arrived immediately, as soon as we stepped outside we were asked if we needed a taxi and it was promptly hailed, as soon as we arrived to one of the hotel's restaurants we were immediately greeted and shown to our table, the server came to our table instantly and continued to provide excellent service, each call to guest services for a request had someone at our room within minutes - even getting our car at the end of our stay - Biden was arriving as we were leaving so the cars were being delayed but the staff was wonderful and very responsive to the guests - we relaxed in a lounge area of the hotel and when we returned to get our car, it was waiting with a couple people helping to load the luggage, open car doors, etc. - and, it was extremely busy at this time.Again, all the staff were genuinely warm, friendly and extremely efficient. Everything seemed to go perfectly, we did not have to &quot;think&quot; it was so seemless. The Waldorf is an older, historic property and there are some things about the Waldorf that probably would be helpful to know:- During all my stays, there has never been a coffee maker in the room, I have speculated on reasons - building construct and codes, etc., but have never found out for certain. However, we called room service and asked if they would deliver a hot pot and a variety of tea bags for our stay - we paid a very minimal charge and these items were delivered promptly.- Rooms appear to be continually renovated. Also, there is a great variety of room types and the floorplans on each floor vary. I always note that I would like a renovated room when making a reservation and repeat the request upon check-in. I have always received wonderful rooms. Each room appears uniquely decorated and this time we stayed in a beautiful one-bedroom suite that definitely had an elegant, warm, &quot;home&quot; feeling rather than a cookie-cutter hotel room feel.- As with any hotel, there may be maintenance issues, but the staff responds immediately and expertly if you mention it. We had one of the heaters in the living room giving off cold air, no heat. We called guest services, a maintenance person arrived within 5 mins, explained that a new part was needed but rather than have us wait, he called housekeeping for an electric heater. This arrived in 5 mins - a brand new, quiet, tower style heater. Then, when we returned from our activities there was a message from the manager to check that everything was ok and to please call if we need anything else.- Bathroom amenities, etc. - if you need anything else by way of bathroom amenities, a phone call to guest services has it delivered promptly.- Turn down service - the hotel services directory notes that you should call if you would like turn down service, we called the first day to request it and it was provided consistently throughout our stay.- It has been my experience that management at the Waldorf responds to comments or issues immediately and does their best to ensure that things are resolved during a stay. We had an excellent stay at the Waldorf and, if it were possible to transport the Waldorf staff to every hotel I stay at, I would.	
Mar 7 2009 	Nice hotel with great Park Avenue location.	I've stayed at this hotel several times and every time I ahve had a very different room. My favorite is the Towers room as I was given this time. While not as spacious as other rooms I ahve stayed in, it did have sevral lttle upgrades tha made it feel nicer. Service is good, about what you would expect from any Hilton. It has a nicely recently re-done fitness room that I got to enjoy for free because of my VIP Hhonors status; it wold not have been worth it if I had had to pay for it.	
Mar 6 2009 	Great Staff and Atmosphere - But Average Guest Rooms	We loved the Waldorf, mostly because of the high level of service and the wonderful public rooms. But our guestroom was a bit small and needed some TLC and the bed was only average. The prices for dining are very high. Overall a tremendous experience but not one that we would repeat over and over again.	
Mar 5 2009 	Paying for the name. Rooms were of an average standard extremely professional but nothing special	Although a fabulous lobby and ground floor of the hotel, the actual experience itself was nothing to write home about, rooms were average for the city and the noise outside was not blocked out by the windows. President Bush happened to be staying when we were here, i just hope he had a more impressive room than i did!! Im sure if youre willing to pay alot then there is fantastic rooms, but i would go elsewhere if you just want to stay at a reasonably priced, good hotel.	
Mar 2 2009 	3 Star room in 5 star hotel	The lock on the bathroom door didn't work at all, the bathroom door handle flopped around. The door paint was well overdue for TLC. I would echo several other comments about hot water taking ages to arrive at the bath/shower. The next day we spoke to reception about the faulty lock and they moved us to a slightly larger room. Solution -- complain ASAP. The second room was 1302 and suffered from some street noise, but tolerable. Same problem as the 12th floor room with poor hot water supply. We loved the hotel's ambiance but at the end of the day your room is the major factor and the 1st room was 3 star and the 2nd room was 4 star.	
Mar 2 2009 	Unforgettable stay	I visited New York at the end of February with a friend for a three night stay at the Waldorf Astoria. Upon arrival at check-in we were ignored by the majority of the desk clerks but a charming lady called Monika smiled at us and welcomed us to the hotel and indulging me by not laughing at my faltering few words of Polish (she could speak flawless English by the way). We stayed in a lovely double/double room with separate dressing room and bathroom on the 17th floor overlooking Park Avenue (and consequently further away from the traffic noise which was a definite bonus). I have visited New York twice in the past and stayed in rooms the size of a shoe box so it was a definite bonus to be so well accommodated. I wouldn't say the room was spotless or perfectly decorated but it had a certain elegance and charm which you rarely find. All in all worth every penny. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 24 2009 	A legend shows its age	I had heard miraculous stories about the Waldorf, so when my company agreed to put me up there I was thrilled. The thrill was short lived as I experienced a real disappointment.The Waldorf has well sized rooms that are tastefully decorated and of course has a good location in New York City, but I found it shabby and somewhat in disrepair. My room was also noisy and I had hairs on my pillows. Of course for a legend you pay high prices, which was not a problem on my company's dollar - but I would never go here on my own bank account.	
Feb 19 2009 	Consistency is a serious problem	If you want to stay at the Waldorf go ahead, but do not expect it to be better than other places you could choose. I travel for business all the time and need a good fitness center and a nice salad from room service at night. Fitness Center: First night there was no attendant but water, fruit and towels were plentiful. Second night there was an attendant at the beginning and when she left she left water and fruit on the counter. Third night there was an attendant at the beginning but when she left she put away the water and left fruit. Fourth night the attendant put away the water and fruit. Now, isn't this the Waldorf Astoria? There are hardly any people using the fitness center at night. Is it too expensive to provide bottled water and fruit for people using the fitness center.Room service: I order a chicken ceasar salad, dressing on the side, whole grain rolls every night. I am going into the detail so you will understand that my order is so consistent when I travel that it never changes, the food I received was all over the board. First night I received the salad and no whole grain rolls/bread. Second night I received the salad and whole wheat toast. Third night I received the salad but without parmesan cheese slivers, and the whole wheat toast. Fourth night I received the same thing as the third night but was charged $8.00 for the whole grain toast.Overall: When you travel all the time consistency is key. Just didn't feel that here. If you want to stay here once, go ahead and roll the dice. If you want to be sure of service, you might need to look elsewhere. Plus side: The check-in staff was great. The staff in the lobby to answer questions was great. My room was not as clean as it should have been the first night (vacuuming was poor) but after that it was clean and the room was always well stocked with towels, shampoo, etc. Hall noise was minimal to nonexistent. Cons: Consistency. TV choices: No travel channel, food channel, etc. Just the basic networks plus middle eastern channels. No Fox News if you like that choice - MSNBC and CNN related choices only.	
Feb 18 2009 	Fabulous history and main areas. Lacked little touches.	Pro'sBeautiful building.Great location.Fantastic public areas.Cannot fail to feel the history of the building.Clean.Professional.We were upgraded by one room category even though the hotel was full.Con'sNo shower gel in rooms - only soap!No Bathrobes or slippers.Erratic turndown service (1 night in 4)No tea or coffee making facilities.No duvet covers only 2 sheets with a duvet in between - very strange!We stayed over our 1st anniversary and Valentine's Day and there were no little touches to celebrate this - choccies etc. as experienced in many other hotels of this quality and expense in other major cities in the world.If visiting New York again we would not choose the Waldorf, but are glad however to have experienced the history of this magnificent building.	
Feb 17 2009 	Beautiful hotel issues with service	My wife and I stayed at the Waldorf-Astoria for two nights in late January 2009. We made our reservation through American Express for a room listed as “1 King Bed Concierge Level”. The Waldorf had always been a hotel I wished to stay in so I was excited about the visit.The hotel is truly magnificent. Staying there really takes one back to a time when a visit to a hotel was an EVENT, not something we do simply as a necessity. I was taken thinking of how my parents or grandparents would have felt as a guest there, and how much the hotel has changed in the past century, but how little (overall) the Waldorf had managed to retain the grand charm of days long past. If for no other reason than connecting with history, staying in the Waldorf is an experience one must do at some point in their life.The room we were given was in the Waldorf Towers and we were very pleased with the room overall. The size was exceptionally large for a New York hotel room. In addition to the main bedroom, there was an entry foyer, a kitchenette area, a dressing area, and a very large bathroom. The fixtures were a nice blend of old and modern, from the trio of closets to the multi-jetted shower. The condition of the room was excellent and all the linens and amenities were of superior levels. The view was a decent view down Park Avenue but nothing postcard worthy.The Concierge Level lounge provided a very nice continental breakfast each morning in a private room. The quality of the food and the selection were excellent, even if you had only a moment to grab a coffee to go. The staff in this area did a nice job of helping with most all requests. The area is small though, so don’t be shocked if you have to wait a few moments for a table.The main amenities of the hotel are all superior. The fitness facility is very modern and well thought out, even providing guests with fitness gear in case you have left yours at home. The concierge is most helpful, providing good information and reviews on local restaurants. The shops and business center are well done and very convenient. And the location of the hotel is hard to beat.My main complaint with the hotel is one of attitude towards guests who are younger than, say, 50 or 60 years. Although they were always polite, the staff seemed to be uncomfortable dealing with my wife and I (both in our 30’s but looking much more like two people in their 20’s). From the front desk to the bell attendants, there seemed to be this underlying sentiment of “are you sure you are old enough to be staying here?” whenever we dealt with staff members. Given that we are polite, courteous and professional people, it caught us very off guard. Overall, this is a fine hotel and well worth a visit. I would recommend it to anyone, especially those over the age of 40.	
Feb 16 2009 	Phenomenal Experience	Came to NYC for the very first time with all of the women in my very southern family. We shopped, toured, ate amazing food, and stayed in this breath-taking establishment. The staff were beyond helpful, offering umbrellas and curbside cab-call. Everything was top of the line. We ate breakfast 2 mornings in the restaurant downstairs. The Starbucks Shop was nice enough to stay open an extra half-hour per our request because it was rainy and cold, we needed warm coffee!! Would most certainly recommend this to any and everyone wanting to visit the beautiful big apple. A+++	
Feb 16 2009	Horrible Service!	We went to the bar at the Waldorf for drinks after the Opera and no one even looked at us for 10 minutes! The bar had horrible service and was not even busy..... I will never go back!	
Feb 6 2009 	W-A better than many reviews	I was rather nervous about staying at the famous Waldorf-Astoria after reading a number of negative reviews on various web sites. But, I had the Hilton Honors points, and there was a discount sale making it no more points than the Hilton Hotel several blocks away. So, I opted for the W-A. Frankly, this is an old, prestigious hotel, and I wanted to experience the art deco building and style.Check-In: More clerks than guests, so I walked right up at about 4pm. Pleasant clerk took my check-in, and said that I had been upgraded. Nice. Asked several times if there was anything he could do for me, anything I wanted to know. Nice attitude.Room: For NY, this was a LARGE room. Big King bed, huge desk, flat screen TV, mini-bar, two large windows (alas, overlooking a rooftop of another section of the hotel, but you can't have everything - if I looked sideways, I could see the street). Furniture was traditional style, and very fine. No wear and tear. Bathroom was good sized, black and white marble, exquisite fixtures in art deco style.Amenities: everything worked well, including the heat controls, and the maid did the room early each morning. Just fine. Newspaper every morning.General: Elevators are on key-card after 6pm for security, and they were FAST. Lobby is fantastic. The entire hotel is beautiful and kept up well. There were employees everywhere asking to help. The concierge was helpful, printed my boarding pass for the return flight without charge. Room service was expensive, so I left it out. No coffee maker, but I suppose that was an economy measure. Starbucks is in the hotel. Lower lobby. So, why bother?All-in-all, it was a very delightful stay. Room was great, checkout was swift. Internet in the lobby is free; in the room it is a charge. No problem sitting in the lobby accessing the net. Others did it too. Enjoyed seeing Cole Porter's piano in the Cocktail Lounge. And, I felt like a rich Master of the Universe, for only 120,000 points. The room is certainly worth the money - the location is great, the service is excellent, and the art deco furnishings and architecture are fabulous. A landmark it is. They had pictures of famous guests everywhere, but I was never able to figure out why Hermione Gingold was relegated to the Men's Room.	
Feb 3 2009 	Beautiful hotel - but dissapointed with room size	Great hotel, fab and spacious lobby, tiny rooms for the price and found the beds very uncomfortable and killed my back but they did bring me a plank to put under the mattrass to make firmer - so the service was great!The sheets were lovley - finest egyption cotton which certainly helps.Location good but would have prefered times square as it's quite isolated and a few blocks up from central park. Really enjoyable although a bit uptight for my liking - I like 5 star without the snobbery attached! :-)	
Feb 3 2009 	As expected...	Ok, just back 4 night stay. After reading the reviews on the site, I had lowered my expectations somewhat about what to expect and I was neither hugely dissapointed or 'wowed'.First off - I did want to stay here as I was going with my brothers and parents and it is somewhere we have always wanted to go.The lobby is magnificant really opulant and I love that, we had no problems checking in, we all arrived separately and they accomodated an early check in as my brother was arriving first.The rooms where v small, which I was prepared for, however three of us where staying in a room with 2 double beds and there where 4 small drawers in total + a wardrobe for hanging, so we ended up just living out of our suitcases.Bathroom was tiny, but functional, we only used our rooms for sleeping and cleaning, so size wasn't getting us down.We had breakfast in the hotel in the morning (Peacock Alley - Oscars was shut during our stay) - cost was outrageous, I don't care how affluent you are, this was too much. Also having to pay to use the gym on top is bizarre I think.In summary, I found that other reviews lowered my expectations in terms of the rooms, however it was definately a dissapointment on my original impressions of how it would be.Lobby aside, the whole place is just a little too tired for my taste.Did I enjoy it - yes, as a one off with my parents and brothers, but would I go back again with my wife and kids - no.It was ok, but not worth it. I think we could do better.	
Jan 27 2009	loved this amazing hotel	we have just arrived back from our 5 day break at the waldorf astoria&amp;after reading alot of the reviews on how unhappy peaple were with their rooms,i was a bit concerned!When we arrived,straight away our bags were taken care of by the doormen,while we checked ourselves in.The hotel is huge&amp;very elegant.We arrived at 2pm and were given our room keys almost immediatley.We just booked the standard king room and we were pleasantly surprised by how beautiful it was.Very spacious,huge bed,desk,fab mirrored wardrobes,very beautiful marble bathroom with huge shower,bathrobes,hairdryer,minibar ipod station and immaculatley clean!we had a huge window with a view of park avenue.We were very pleased.It was my husbands 40th birthday and had a very exclusive box of waldorf chocolates&amp; white rose left in our room which i thought was a lovely surprise.Hotel bars &amp; restaurants are very expensive.Didnt eat at hotel so cannot comment on the food.There are alot of business and money peaple stay at this hotel but all the same we felt very comfortable around them,When we went to plaza hotel for a look around we felt very uncomfortable and out of our league.The waldorf is very central 2 everything,it is in a great midtown position.Would definately recommend this hotel to anyone considering it.I give this hotel 10/10	
Jan 24 2009 	A complete and utter disappointment	In early August 2008, having arrived at La Guardia from LA X, the last thing you'd want to do is arrive in a stuffy indoor car park and wait there for about half an hour whilst a member of staff gives you the look of death for not tipping him! This kind of sums up the experience. The moment my family and I arrived we were very disappointed. Service was rubbish-we waited at the reception desk for about 45 minutes whilst people buzzed around EVERYWHERE. I was personally upset upon arrival to my room. It smelled of urine and smoke, the bathroom was appallingly tiny and the toilet failed to flush. It was a good summary of the Waldorf experience. Come dinner time on the first night, we were waiting for about an hour for some disappointing food which should have taken about half an hour maximum. The waiter had an attitude problem and felt the need to correct a jet-lagged and disorientated yours truly for pronouncing a dish wrong. Breakfast was fun, though (NOT). It was worse than waiting in a long queue at the supermarket. Whole groups of tourists gathered around our table to talk to friends sitting at other tables, taking photos and in general disturbing most people trying to eat their breakfast. Often, the queue for breakfast was so long that it extended up the stairs which lead to the room itself. To have an enjoyable breakfast you'd probably have to be down there by 6am.After two dreadful nights, we left the Waldorf Astoria and I honestly could not have been happier to find a haven in the form of &quot;Le Parker Meridien&quot;. Not only was it less teeming with people, the staff were friendly, the rooms beautiful and modern and the service impeccable.This is a plea to anyone thinking of going to the Waldorf. Don't go! It thrives on reputation alone and is as tired and frankly dead as the film stars of the past who resided there from time to time.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great Hotel Experience	We stayed at this hotel from January 16 to January 18 using Hilton Honors Awards. Upon check-in, we were upgraded to a corner luxury suite. And my what a wonderful suite it was! The room was about 700 square feet with a foyer and a coat closet by the entrance door which leads to a luxurious living room. The room has an executive desk, and a view of Park Avenue. Bedroom is separated from the living room and has a walk-in closet. The bathroom is all marble with a deep bath tub. We didn't have any problem with the water or room temperature. They provided a turn down service at night time.We had an opportunity to eat at the Peacock Alley for brunch. If you have a chance, one should try it even once in a lifetime. The buffet was great with wide variety of food such as oysters, clams, lobsters, chocolate fundue, crabs, shrimps, brioche, pancakes, crepes, and so much more.The gym on the 5th floor is adequate and open for 24 hours. We were told the spa on the 19th floor also has a gym but smaller than the one on the 5th floor.This hotel is great. The staff are courteous and polite. The location is wonderful. We really enjoyed our stay and would not hesitate to return to Waldorf Astoria upon our return in Manhattan.	
Jan 18 2009 	OOOOPS Living on past glories!	I took my wife to New York for our 40th Wedding Anniversary so where did I think would be swish and, although expensive, well worth it!? Well the Waldorf Astoria ofcourse. The Queen stayed there afterall, it MUST be good. Booked the flight and the hotel over the internet and although it cost me an arm and a leg thought 40th Wedding Anniversary I'll surprise and delight her!!Well WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!! 'Fraid I was somewhat embarassed because quite frankly the room was NOT of the standard I would have expected, there was no robes and no tea or coffee making facilities and the net curtains looked like they hadn't been washed in ten years (her words not mine I hasten to add). Sorry but it took the edge off our holiday and I most certainly would not recommend the Waldorf to any of my friends, acquaintances or anybody else for that matter. The Foyer is brilliant but it would seem that that is all they've refurbished and the rest of the hotel is fraying around the edges if our room is anything to go by.	
Jan 14 2009 	Nice experience	It was a nice experience to stay at the Waldorf given the history of the hotel. While the hotel room was a bit small and dated, the hotel has wonderful ambiance. It was great to have tried the hotel, but it's very expensive for what you get. While there are many better choices in NYC, it's worth staying at the Fairmont at least once in your life. No regrets.	
Jan 13 2009 	Average Hotel	Hotel did not have our room ready until 5:00pm and check in time was 3:00. There was no one at the diamond reservation desk.The room was above average but a little on the small side. Most of the staff were friendly.	
Jan 10 2009 	Good and Bad	I booked this hotel with Hilton HHonors points and was really looking forward to a great stay at a classic New York City establishment for part of my mom's birthday surprise.We drove down from Westchester without any traffic and after bringing our car to the valet (initially $65/day, but turned out to be $50), we found our way up to the front desk for check-in. I couldn't believe that the long line in front of us was for check-in, so I double-checked with the concierge. Yep, check-in...50 very TEDIOUS minutes later, we were finally at the desk. While watching dozens of people (read: tourists) babble on with the front desk clerks and most likely ask questions about where to go and what to do while in NYC, I was beyond infuriated. The man who checked us in could not have been nicer. He was incredibly pleasant after what must have been a long, trying day for him. He offered us information about the hotel while our reservation was processing and also offered me 1,000 Hilton points to &quot;reward&quot; me for my long wait time. Very much appreciated.The room was exactly as I expected: old school, fancy hotel room with that New York charm I was hoping for. My mom, who loves fancy, classic things, was overjoyed.Overall, the stay was lovely in spite of the mobs of tourists. If you are a New Yorker and choose to stay here, bring your patience. You'll need it; think Times Square crammed into a hotel...	
Jan 8 2009 	How can they get away with this ?!	I stayed at the Waldorf last year ago and found the experience quite disappointing then, however I decided to put my concerns aside as I returned with my friend and daughter who really wanted to stay there. We arrived after a long journey from the UK at around 4am UK time. There seemed to be various altercations going on at the check in desk with other guests, but we were basically told that the hotel was overbooked and that we were being sent to a Hilton 10 blocks away. We were handed $10 to pay for the cab ( which we were expected to sort out for ourselves ). When I eventually got to see the manager I was told that everyone checking in that night had to do the same and that she would send me a voucher for a return free 2 night stay. I had no choice but to accept this, my daughter was in tears as she had been so excited to stay at The Famous Waldorf, and basically it ruined our trip. To cap it all, 4 weeks have gone by and I have received no voucher or communication. I think this is pretty disgraceful and I would never stay here again. Go to The Sofitel...I stayed there last year and it was wonderful with service like it should be.	
Jan 8 2009	Lied To!	On Oct 23rd 2008 I booked a 2 room Concierge level suite at a very good negotiated rate of $399+taxes.I was concerned when the E mail confirmation said &quot;King Bed Concierge Level&quot;I phoned and questioned this and I was told,&quot;Don't worry Sir that's only the way it prints out,your reservation is for a suite as discussed&quot;.On the7th of Jan I recieved an E mail offering me cut price upgrades and when I investigated found that the suite was an upgrade being offered to me.I phoned the Waldorf and spoke to them without rancour as they'd obviously made a mistake.No mistake,they wanted an extra $150 per night.I pointed out that the $399 rate was actually above their rate for a king bed concierge level available on the internet but they wouldn't budge.I've cancelled and have achieved a very good deal at the Sofitel which I will report on later.	
Jan 7 2009 	A classic beauty	The main entry reflects elegance of a time gone by.We are Hilton Diamond members and used a Hilton Award to celebrate a special anniversary. Our room was a newly renovated corner room on a lower floor. The heating system worked perfectly. The room had a large boudoir adjacent to the well sized bedroom. The bathroom was a marble studded gem. The location of the Waldorf is perfect for touring NYC. The theater district, MOMA and 5th Ave shopping are located close enough for a walk or a quick cab ride.Oscars, a wonderful breakfast place on the lower floor of the hotel, is no longer a perks for Diamond or Gold members. The Starbucks is the new breakfast benefit. Starbucks is located at the base of the hotel. It is very good, but you have to bring the food into the hotel if you want to sit down to have breakfast.Sir Harry's bar is a cozy place to go for drinks. You can order champagne by the glass. The Diamond desk has a staffing problem. This is the second time this year we have had excessive waits to get registered. If someone at the Diamond desk has a problem the staff does not alert the hotel management that additional help is needed to take care of Diamond members. Once we did get to our beautiful room we were pleased. The house keeping staff does a beautiful job of keeping it clean. They were exceptionally friendly and courteous.	
Jan 7 2009 	Better to visit than stay	My husband booked a surprise three night stay in NYC at the Waldorf for the pair of us. The hotel is breathtaking upon entrance and definitely worth a look around as it is beautiful with regards to bars/restaurants/lobby etc etc. However the rooms were disappointing. Whilst I appreciate the hotel is old, the room we were given was very small and 'faded' even though we had paid to upgrade. In addition we were right next to the service area which was very noisy at 5.30am! We requested a move but having arrived Xmas night were told the hotel was full and would be offered a better room the next day at 3pm. We returned to move our things at this time and were disappointed to find our room not ready so had to hang around until it was, which was a bit annoying as we only returned to the hotel to move things and thought we could freshen up and have a rest but c ould not do this as we were 'in limbo' between rooms. We were then given a better room and yes it was in a nicer part of the building ie quieter and yes bigger in size but pretty much the same in the way of 'tiredness' of the room if that makes sense! Overall I loved New York and this did not spoil our stay but certainly wouldn't pay the money my husband did to stay there again when there are cheaper hotels with much better accommodation in New York from what I have seen/heard .(This was my fifth trip to NYC) Make the time to visit the Waldorf and even have a drink in Harry's bar (albeit very expensive I had the best Apple Martini I have ever had!!) its worth a trip but treat it more as a museum to visit rather than somewhere to choose to stay.	
Jan 2 2009 	A retrospective of 5 stays	In the last decade my wife and I have stayed at the Waldorf=Astoria 5 sepatate times, each during Christmas week. We have experienced accomodation categories from an executive room in the Towers to a king one-bedroom suite in the main hotel. Much to my surprise, we have never been recognized as repeat clients when checking in. In some other hotels we have frequented, the better rooms are routinely given to returning clients. This has not been our experience at the Waldorf. Overall, we have never had an unacceptable experience (by our standards). Our one stay in the Towers is remembered mostly for the rude and unhelpful Towers staff. Our room expereinces in the main hotel have been hit-and-miss with both postives and negatives. In terms of the rooms alone, our best experience was being assigned a corner suite on a high floor. This suite was very spacious and the basic decor was classic. Yet, some of the furniture was broken and (in the bedroom) the backs were literally falling off both nightstands. The wall paper in the parlor was waterstained and bubbled around a window. I mention this case specifically because this is very typical of our 5 Waldorf expereinces--a mix of postiives and negatives that some will find acceptable (or at least tolerable) and others will judge totally unacceptable.This past year (2008) we had a Lexington Ave side king- suite--significantly smaller than the corner mentioned above but overall better appointed and in better condition. A few oddities with the bathroom plumbing and a large entertainment console that did not fit well in the parlor. Quite noisy at times due to Lex Ave emergency vehicles and garbage trucks. That mix again.The queen Astor suites in the Lexington Ave side of the hotel were redecorated a few years ago and overall I would expect these suites to be in better condition than others. Early on we had a mini-suite with an excellent bed but otherwise in need of furniture replacement--topped off by 2 bathrooms and a great view of the St. Barts dome across 50th street. Always a mixed experience.Over the years we have found the reception and housekeeping staffs to be polite and willing to help when asked. As I am a native New Yorker, we have never used the concierge staff. At present, it appears that occupancy is down (hotel was significantly less busy that in previous years)and staff reductions have already occurred. A problem in the making--not sure.So why then have we returned on numerous occassions? The main reason is that we have had mostly good times at the Waldorf, in large part because we have been able to enjoy the positives and put the negatives aside. In many ways this is a great classic hotel. In terms of cost, the suites have been nicely priced in late Dec. (relative to many other hotels). As others have frequently mentioned, the public spaces are magnificent. I started this review with a bit of a negative tone because I think that one should be aware of the Waldorf experience. Given that, I have rated the hotel above average overall as this is how we judge our collective experience with this hotel. As this forum indicates, many others have a different view. I have no reason to think that the general situation sketched out above will change for the bettter or for the worse. If you like modern and impeccably appointed hotels look elsewhere. If you are comfortable with history, classic decor, and flexible on many little details you may well enjoy a stay at the Waldorf. I believe that no two rooms/suites are the same, so you are in part dependent on the luck of the draw as far as accomodations are concerned. Will we return?--haven't decided yet.h	
Jan 1 2009 	unforgettable holiday	we stayed at the Waldorf for Christmas, what a great expierence. I did have some concerns after reading some of the negative comments from other travelers, who had stayed at the Waldorf. All I can say is I don't see how any one can stay in this Historic Hotel with has such an elegant appeal to it, and not be happy. Our room was ready on arrival and it was spotless, it was much larger than I was expecting and the bed was very comfortable. The maids came in daily and did an excellent job. The concierge staff were so helpful and nothing was too much trouble. We had a room on the 17th floor as we had requested a smoking room, not much of a view but we weren't expecting one, its New York. The people of the city were very helpful, we even had our photo taken on a policemans Harley Davidson. We did not eat in the hotel as there are so many Delis that serve excellent food at a fraction of the cost, I can highly recomend Scottys Diner on Lexington Avenue, wonderful food with a great service. We decided to spend our money in Maceys. What a shop so easy to get lost. Iceskating at the Rockafella Center looked rather small so we went to Central Park, the rink was much bigger and less busy. A helpful tip, if you want to go to the Empire State building get there early, we went straight up at 9.a.m, by 10a.m. the queue was going round the block. I would recomend this beautiful hotel to all of my friends and I could not find fault with a single thing.	
Dec 31 2008	Great Time In NY 	1st time in NY and booked at The Waldorf. Staff were excellent. The porters were very helpful and friendly, the cocktail bar man advised us a couple of places to eat ('I eat there with my family') and we were not disappointed. Our stay was great, the hotel is beautiful and has kept its old charm. Its not the cheapest but what a nice place to stay and the area was very business like and not overly populated with tourists (us). Remember any room you book in manhattan will be small unless you are paying a fortune so don't expect huge rooms, but again the time you spend in there is asleep anyway. The hotel was great and I would stay again and recommend. It was our first visit to NY and the hotel and its staff made us very welcome.	
Dec 29 2008 	Not what you would expect	When you first walk in the lobby is fabulous. The room, however, was a disappointment. Understanding the age of the hotel I expected small rooms (ours was one of the few with a King bed) but the room had none of the amenities you would expect for $389 per night. No robes, a small tv, no thermostat to control temp (we had to open the window frequently to keep the temperature from being uncomfortably hot). Decor was also a dissapointment. the bar was nice, and Sonny was a great bartender. Sandy (waitress) on the other had consistently complained about her job in front of customers, and always had a scowl on her face. Getting change for cab fare was next to impossible as the line for guest services was frequently quite long (10 minutes).Concierge service was unimaginative to say the least. they couldn't recommend restaurants new the Waldorf open past 10pm on two requests. (City that never sleeps?)The Sunday brunch was ok (but at $95 per person you would expect more) and the Bull and Bear turned out an acceptable steak, but pale in comparison to Del Friscos just down the street.All in all, we won't stay at the Waldorf again.	
Dec 28 2008	As sad state of affairs	Unbelievably awful and depressing. Used to be a grand dame of hotels in NY, now is like any crappy Hilton. We had to wait 40 minutes behind ropes to register, las vegas style because there was a mob scene and the hotel decided to have 4 desks open. The lobby had been converted to a crappy las vegas style buffet, so the mob had to stand beside the steam trays and wilting roast beefs. The hotel seems to service hoards of tourists and is about pushing people in and out. The room was not as pictured/described at all. The &quot;one bedroom suite&quot; was a cramped, shoddy, depressing room that looked out at a brick wall. The bathtub drain didn't work, the temp controller was broken so the room was insufferably hot. There is no free wireless, like there is in any mcdonalds or red roof inn. It is a crowded, touristy, depressing hellhole with outrageous prices. Sad, this used to be a gorgeous and lovely hotel. Whomever ruined this hotel should be ashamed of themselves.	
Dec 22 2008 	Like staying at Grandma's - but she doesn't love you any more.	I travel to NY for business a good bit. I was spending a quick weekend for pre-xmas NY enjoyment and wanted to use some Hilton points. I saw I could book the fabled Waldorf Astoria - why not? I knew it was a bit of a gamble but figured the location was right, plus I didn't require much, and when else would I get to check it out?It went fine. It was what we needed. The location was indeed very good. The room was good enough. If I had paid $ I would have been very disappointed. It was like a best western I guess.. except I think those have had to keep up with the 1990s at a minimum. I can't think of much to compare it to. Old school vegas, maybe. Think freemont street. Frozen in time. Everything is a bit musty and dank. If they built it today and used that styling you might call it retro and give it a good laugh. When it is actual items from the 60s, however, they are a bit grimy and dirty. The rooms are full of carpet and oldness. There is a massive draft through the poorly sealed 1954 window. The temperature controls are pretty shoddy. Think motel 6. There are 600 uniformed employees to watch you as you walk around the hallways... there are large chandeliers... these things are all true - note them if they are what you are into. The mini bar doesn't autodetect what you take. If you are really lucky they will give you some COUPONS for free tiny bottles of water from the mini bar. They will instruct you to place these COUPONS in the minifridge in lieu of the water.. really... 1984-style. It is a riot. The showerhead literally has a font from a beatles album on it. Neat... but.. not very good for showering.The business center literally has FLOPPY DISKS for sale. I kid you not. I heard them tell someone they could lend him a charger for his laptop - $50/day. Funny stuff. Wifi? You gotta be kidding... nothing close. Lucky you have power. 2-prong power. No ground plug. I can't believe they had mag cards now that I think of it - I would have expected a bunch of skeleton keys handed out at the front desk. Kiosk checkin? HAHAHAHA. No way. Oh it gets better... We get a PERK.. free breakfast! After the checkin person mentioned 2 restaurants that would honor this, they backtracked in apparent embarrassment when the printed vouched stipulated the 'breakfast' was at.. STARBUCKS. Yup... one cookie and a coffee. Out of control with oldschool old-fashioned cheapness that seems ignorant of all the real hotels with customer service dotting the city.Oh yeah... went for a run. Wanted a hot tub. Called around and inquired about having one at the gym... no.. maybe the spa?... no... nowhere. No hot tub in the entire palace. Ok.In sum, this is without a doubt the worst hotel I've stayed at in years - and certainly in New York. It should definitely be demolished and replaced with something useful. It still exists for the same reasons as racism and The Varsity restaurant in Atlanta - sometimes people value 'tradition' over any actual quality/benefit.Don't stay here.	
Dec 15 2008 	Best hotel in New York!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Myself and my husband were due to go to New York 4th Dec 2008 for 5 nights we had booked a hotel through expedia a bog standard 2 star property however upon arrival I found that my darling husband had secretly changed our hotel to the Waldorf to my absolute delight!!!! Bless him, it was a surprise xmas gift as he knows I have always wanted to stay there as I thinks its so new york!!! The hotel is amazing so luxurious and gorgeous and our room was lovely. The hotel is always busy and full with people and there is always something going on such as an awards ceremony or a wedding etc so very posh!!! The hotel is in such a great location and we found it easy enough to get everywhere from there. Very very very busy in New York in december never seen anything like it shopping was just a complete nightmare as you had to que to get in everywere so maybe I wouldnt reccommend dec as too busy but then on the other hand you wouldnt see all the fabulous xmas decorations and lights which we just unbelievable! all in all a brilliant hotel and we thought why the hell not as to us we probably wouldnt visit new york again so we wanted it to be special!	
Dec 11 2008 	Great place for three-generation New York vacation	We took a three-generation July 4th trip to NYC, and just had to stay at the Waldorf because it is SO New York, and also because it was the only hotel my father would stay at, except the Plaza and they were closed for renovation. The oldsters where thrilled with the hotel, accommodations, food, service. The teens and pre-teens found endless wonders daily in and around the hotel. And those of us in the middle were happily just a few blocks from Bloomingdale's. All of our rooms were really large and seemed brand new in a New York old-money kind of way, which was unexpected but great. From the doormen in front who would get you a limo or cab in a blink, to the glorious, glorious lobby bouquet, to the stiffly-press bellman, to the front-desk staff that seemed to belong at the UN as much as at a hotel front desk... it was perfect New York. I was a little concerned about staying right in the middle of midtown on a trip like that, but it was a great location, with all the flavor and comfort that we wanted.	
Dec 10 2008	Park Avenue's Historic Hotel	I had not stayed at the Waldorf-Astoria since 2002 so I was interested to see if anything had changed at the hotel. The service at the hotel is excellent and the breakfasts' that I ate at the restaurant &quot;Oscar's&quot; were very good as well. Check-in was swift. The only complaint was that the first night I was supposed to have a suite and my room was located near an elevator shaft and I heard it making a noise all night. This room was on the 22nd floor. I was moved to another room after I let the staff know about the noise which was much quieter- however, it was not a suite. I would recommend using the Lexington Street exit to hail a cab from between 5 PM-6:30 PM as the cab lines on Park Avenue are way too long. I missed a dinner reservation because of it.	
Dec 10 2008	Really enjoyed our stay	Stayed 5 nights at the Waldorf Astoria in November.Upgraded to a King suite at check in, which was great. No negatives to our stay.Room was cleaned to a high standard.Breakfast in the towers lounget was of the continental variety, would only pay for this if you really want the convenience.Spent most of the time out of the hotel although made use of Harry's Bar early evenings and for a quick drink before bed, great ambience, good service	
Dec 2 2008 	Relive a golden era	Ya gotta love grand old New York! We arrived by cab on the Park Ave side. The hotel was quite busy so we toted our own luggage up a short flight of stairs into the enormous lobby. It was as if we entered a long lost era. The lobby features those high ceilings and big chandeliers you rarely find in contemporary buildings.Checkin was very quick.. the front desk team very friendly. Took our own bags to the room. Booked through corporate travel, it was your basic room. The decor is a bit dated but very plush. A king bed that slept well. A big flat screen tv. Furniture in good condition. Nice, very clean and well appointed marble bathroom with a shower, no bathtub. Again, I had booked a basic room.. so I give the Waldorf a big thumbs up that I wasn't in some dark dank closet but instead in a well appointed space. We had drinks in the lobby bar. Very pricey (16 each) but well made. Came with good bar snacks. The bar was not clubby as you'd might expect in an old grande dame hotel though. A bit disappointing.Checked out via the service on the television. The bellhop had us wait inside (in the warmth) until our car arrived. Overall a pleasant experience. Better than many of the newer boutigue hotels with tiny rooms and darkened hallways. I would go stay here again if my business or visit keeps me on the east side of NYC.	
Nov 27 2008 	Wonderful hotel experience	Myself and my girlfriend stayed here the week of 19th November. we arrived at the hotel at about 245pm, to have our bags helpfully taken from the taxi, in the underground entrance off lexington avenue. We went to the grand lobby and were checked straight in to our deluxe room. The staff during our whole hotewl stay were very good, from the doormen to the reception staff, concierge desk, travel desk and the cleaning people were all very nicve and helpful.Our bags were delivered to our deluxe room promptly. The room itself was fantastic, it definetley was a bit bigger than i was expecting. The bed was a huge and super comfortable kingsize bed, really good. The room was quite big that we had three large windows facing the bed, but the room was in no way cold, in fact we even turned the heating off at night. We also had two large separate built in wardrobes. The bathroom was all marble and the shower was good. The wireless signal in the room was not the strongest, but for all the length of time i was using it for, i just used the free service in the lobby.The hotel location itself is fantastic. The nearest subway entrance is only about 150yards away, fith avenue shopping only a five minute walk away and times square is about 15 minute walk or a quick ride on the subway.Is the hotel brand new and shiny...no. But it has a charm and charisma and everything was spotlessly cleana and in working order while i stayed there. I would definitely stay here again for a New York holiday.	
Nov 26 2008	Upgraded!	I wanted to say that I too was on the Cunnard booking and the organisation from Cunnard was not good but also add that I feel we were really well treated by the Hotel staff and how we enjoyed our stay in this majestic old style hotel. The hotel had said the rooms would not be avaialble until 3pm, we knew this prior to arrival so we went sight seeing. On return after 3pm I went straight to reception desk and we booked straight in. I know that other Cunnard guests waited in a reception room for a long time but I feel this is because the information they got from the tour guides was not good. We had asked our travel agent to arrange two rooms together and as this was not available we got upgraded to a junior suite. This was wonderful large room which had recently been decorated with a huge really comfy bed. The other room we saw was also excellent. It appears that your experience of this hotel depends on the standard of the room allocated, if unhappy ask to be moved!We found really helpful staff who went out of their way to help throughout the Hotel.The Cunnard group was over 300 people so the check in was not going to be easy, all I can say is how well we wre looked after. It is a great hotel, close to the action.	
Nov 25 2008 	After the QM2 crossing	We were booked here via Cunard after a transatlantic crossing on the QM2. Hotel was a disaster at the start. We arrived early (not sure who to blame) at 11.45 but our tickets said rooms ready for 3pm. Luggage taken off coach and put on pavement outside hotel.We were put in a very hot room and given coffee and advised that as we were a large party - 300 - our rooms may take a time to be allocated.Sensing a long wait my husband and I left the hotel and began our sightseeing trip.We arrived back at the hotel at 4pm to see little change. Loads of our party getting very agitated as few rooms had been allocated and that our luggage was still outside on the pavement! There was nothing to drink despite requests for water. A representative from the hotel said that rooms would be released as soon as possible.5pm came and went with the production of 3 jugs of iced water and paper cups but no rooms being released.Despite being told to wait for our keys/rooms to be allocated I joined a short queue in the main reception of the hotel. I checked in as normal and was given my room key and advised my luggage was in my room!!!Quite obviously the hotel was not able to cope with the Cunard guests and showed it was utterly unprepared.Next morning we received a letter from management apologising for the delays and we were given a credit to our room account of 50 dollars. This did not even cover the cost of a buffet breakfast for two.Our room was draughty, the sash windows were not clean and the whole room had an air of faded charm.The reception/lobby of the hotel is magnificent and is a magnate for all tourists to New York and is not to be missed, but there is no way I would stay here again.Some of the blame for the problem can be laid at the feet of Cunard and this is also being addressed.	
Nov 24 2008 	Dreadful welcome at the door but everything else fab	Dreadful welcome. Our taxi pulled up, no help from the taxi driver to get our luggage out. The doorman saw us and barked &quot;It's too early to check in!&quot; and promptly ignored us with no help for luggage / doors etc. It was 2 30 pm ! However everything else was fab. The diamond desk sorted out a double bedded room with a separate dressing area for 4 girls. Jackie and Mary were very welcoming and helpful, giving us info on shoppping and other trips. They assisted with obtaining a late checkout as well. Lovely ladies.The public areas were spotless and full of wonderful Art Deco touches.The wedding flowers in the foyer were fabulous ( though we overheard security say on the Saturday night that the wedding guests were fighting!) and we loved reading the history of the hotel from the displays. The staff were smiley, approachable and all took a pride in their job. The doormen at the luggage collection point were a complete contrast to their front door colleagues. They sorted our luggage, smiled and chatted and found an extra large taxi. Excellent.Our room was spotlessly clean and large enough for 4 adults. Plenty of hot water and the beds and bedding were super comfortable.The hotel was in an excellent spot for sightseeing and we would certainly stay there agin	
Nov 17 2008 	Good Stay but wouldn't come back...	Booked the Waldorf Astoria for weekend of November 17th for a Ladies weekend in NY. Was hoping for these lovely large rooms I'd seen written about so many times on the reviews but alas...it was not to be. The room was one of the smallest I'd ever stayed in..tight for 3 women. The bathroom was just like any other hotel bathroom except also maybe smaller. Nothing about the inside of the room made you think you were in anything other than a large dime a dozen chain hotel. Of course the lobby and public spaces were very nice but is it worth the huge upcharge...no.There is no wireless internet except in the lobby and the wired internet is pricey. There was also a shooting in the hotel stores while we were there. A crazy man tried to rob the Cellini jewelry store and he shot the security guard, a retired NYPD officer... sad and crazy! All interactions with staff were pleasant but again, nothing to brag about.The Sunday brunch was quite a shock. It is set up in the lobby and looks very nice although not much more elegant or posh than a local resteraunt in my town. The cost was $95 per person... Ouch!	
Nov 10 2008 	Charming and Full of Character	Myself and three girlfriends were all sharing one room but hey - we were staying at the Waldorf! The room was large with two generous sized and very comfortable beds. We had a separate dressing room with wall to wall mirrored wardrobes, with double doors leading to a large bathroom complete with huge mirror and marble washstand. After reading several reviews where people were disappointed with their rooms - we were thrilled with ours. The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful, the service couldn't be faulted. Rooms were clean and tidy, there's a turn down service so don't leave stuff on your beds when you go out in the evening. Towels were changed twice a day, even when we'd left them out to dry. One down side for us English ladies was that there are no tea-making facilities but we had brought our own travel kettle and tea-bags after being fore-warned by other reviews. Take the time to have a look at the exhibition of old photos and memorabilia in the lobby and visit the Ballroom and Starlight Bar - fabulous art decco decor. Apparently there's a guided tour of the hotel but only on Thursdays so we missed that. We had one rather decadent night drinking champagne in the piano bar where we were spoilt rotten by the most lovely waiter who brought us complimentory savoury nibbles, then dainty cakes, then chocolate desserts in champagne glasses - with the third bottle of champers also being &quot;on the house&quot; we had a lovely memorable evening - hic!	
Nov 9 2008 	Of course it was great but...	First of all, this is THE W-A, so it is an amazing (and amazingly historic) hotel. The room was HUGE, especially for being in the heart of Manhattan. We had an OK-sized bathroom, a nice sized living room, a bedroom w/ King and a walk-in closet. BAM!!!The service was great and any staff we came across were helpful.BUT....there were some things I was not crazy about, like the bathroom door was big and swung open w/in an inch of the toilet - NOT convenient. And the hotel, as historic as it is, is also OLD...the dark hallways w/ old carpet reminded me of &quot;The Shining,&quot; no kidding. But all in all it was a great stay for a weekend. Truly awesome to have stayed in 1 of America's most historic and luxurious hotels.	
Nov 7 2008 	Beatiful Elegant a fantastic stay.	The Waldorf Astoria hotel was beautiful and elegantStayed in Manhattan for three days whilst visiting friends in New Jersey .Family of four (two girls 14 &amp; 10). The lobby areas are a must see even if your not staying there. The staff where friendly and so helpful. We had a good look round the ballroom was unbelievable.Our room had two double beds although not large it was very comfortable.The location was great short walk to the Rockefeller top of the rock is a must.It was well worth paying the extra to experience staying at the Waldorf.	
Nov 6 2008 	Living on it's past	This is the second time we've stayed at the Waldorf, the first time we were upgraded to a fantastic suite, this time we were given the smallest hotel room I've ever seen, for three of us! We asked to move and the room we were given was certainly larger but with peeling wallpaper, ripped cushions on the furniture and a very unusual smell. We had originally booked for four nights but checked out the next day and went to the London Hotel on 54th and 7th which was a breath of fresh air.The Waldorf has great history and a rare presence, but if you need quality accommodation at a this price you can do a lot better. There is no wireless internet in the room and the wired service is expensive.	
Nov 4 2008 	Great service old-world charm	My husband and I stayed at the Waldorf during the NYC marathon since we found a great rate ($275/night) by booking nearly a year in advance on the hotel's website.We loved the attentive service, and especially appreciated the free upgrade to a larger King room. The quality of the service and the history put this hotel in the 5-star category. However, we've stayed in hotels with nicer rooms in 4-star hotels.We recommend the Bear &amp; the Bull bar for a nightcap. The bartenders were hilarious &amp; very attentive. Be prepared to spend $30-40 for two drinks (unless you are drinking the $6 pints of beer).We would definitely stay at the Waldorf if we found another great rate, but there's no way we would pay the going rate of $700/night.	
Nov 1 2008 	Overpriced and over-hyped	The hotel staff were really good, the location is excellent BUT the hotel itself is faded glory, the rooms we were in (and we were poart of a large ocnference) were in serious need of redecoration and upgrade, if I had paid $100 per night it might just have been acceptable, for $600 it most certainly was not.I would go out of my way not to stay there again	
Oct 26 2008 	Classic charm but . . .	Stayed here on business in mid October 2008. I had stayed here a couple of years ago and found it to be a little dreary for its price range. This time my room seemed to have been recently renovated, bringing it more in line with what I expected from its reputation and price range (low $400s per night before taxes). Several things about the hotel bugged me. First, it is a bit of a maze with some elevators not going to all floors. If you have meetings in the hotel this can be frustrating. Probably not a big deal - part of the charm for some. Second, the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling off and the sink was chipped. Not what I would expect at all at this price range. Third, there was no hot water one morning when I went to take a shower. Definitely not what I would expect. Last, the price of cocktails in the bar was astounding. Two basic cocktails, although excellent, set me back $40, which even for Manhattan seems beyond the pale. Positives were: great location, classic charm in the lobby and public areas, fast bell hop service coming and going, friendly concierge helped with reservations without a pause even a couple of days before we checked in, personal wake up call from a real human being, and nice and quiet rooms, at least on the upper floors.	
Oct 25 2008 	Wonderfull old world nyc glamour	I have stayed at the Waldorf Astoria now on 3 occasions....i love the location of this hotel....Park Avenue.Great location for 5th Avenue shopping...although close to all other areas you will deff visit.Hotel rooms are of stardard size for NY....most rooms not very large if you book std rooms.Hotel has a very 'Old World Glamour ' feel with still with all original features from when hotel was first built.I have saw many celebs at this hotel,and watched first hand a hollywood movie being filmed in the lobby!!!	
Oct 23 2008 	Did exactly what it said on the tin	Waldorf Astoria. A classic piece of NYC. Had to be done really, as (for now) it was my only visit to NYNY. I am so glad i stayed here. Yes, its not your trendy boutique hotel in the village, but it is a piece of history, and its like living, in a piece of history. Great service from all, had a refrigerator delivered to the room FOC - great for keeping beers in ! - wonderful service from front of house, great bar - who could resist having a manhattan in manhattan !! - just a great place to spend a long weekend. i would recommend it. room was fine, a litlle dated, but what do you expect. everything clean and working order. had great alarm clock with ipod docking station. stole all of the toiletries and stationery, well, you have to don't you !!go there once, for the experience, you won't be disappointed - we weren't !	
Oct 23 2008 	Time Warp in a positive way	After a couple of stays in this NYC classic I´m very pleased with service and also with rooms provided. We had our requests met with good attitude, although some mix-ups and misinformation occured, but nothing serious or nothing to effect our stay.As usually mentioned here this is a wonderful historic place with importance and iconic status to NYC. While we where there Alfred E. Smith Foundation had it´s annual dinner featuring Barack and John making some decent jokes. We didn´t get to the dinner, though...If you don´t mind some aging and spots here and there and wan´t to experince tradition with good sense of today, I´d say go for it!	
Oct 19 2008	Stunning hotel but can find better for the price.	This is a stunning hotel and a piece of NYC history. At $500 a night though i found the grand hyatt to have nicer, larger rooms and the service to be better. The Grand Hyatt usually falls between $350-450 a night.	
Oct 19 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	We stayed at the Waldorf for 4 days last week and, after reading several negative reviews, I have to say that we were pleasantly surprised. I should note that we used our Hilton Honors points to book the room, so it was basically free-- but it was also the lowest category of room that they had available. It was a large (by NYC standards) room with decent furnishings, a nice bathroom, and a great, comfy bed. We've stayed in several other historic/landmark hotels, and I have to say that this one seemed much more cookie-cutter than the others. But, we noticed no musty smells or signs of shabbiness that were reported by some other reviewers. We were notified, after we checked in, that the water system needed maintenance and there would be no water in the guest rooms from midnight until 5 am the next day! This was no problem for us, but I can see how it could have been a major problem for others. Our room had a terrible view of a lower rooftop with utility equipment, but it turned out to be a blessing because we were away from the city traffic noise. The walls are a bit thin, so you tend to hear what's going on in other rooms (honeymooners, please keep this in mind). The hotel staff was pleasant, helpful, and professional. The Waldorf's location is great-- in mid-town, two blocks from Rockefeller Center, with two subway stops nearby on Lexington Ave. There's a lot going on at this hotel... it seemed that every evening there were people milling around the lobby in black-tie attire. You really feel like you're in the center of all the action. Very New York.	
Oct 14 2008 	A trip back in time	We celebrated our 10th anniversary at the Waldorf recently booking through the Hilton Honors customer service due to a complex itinerary. First, the lobby, bar area and Bull and Bear restaurant were lovely and did not disappoint. We were upgraded to a suite (two rooms + wet bar room, bath and vanity area) due to my gold status. In this era, when it seems nothing is free, the Waldorf management really came through with a surprise gift of a full size champaign and chocolate dipped strawberries waiting in our room to acknowledge our anniversary. That really meant a lot. Make no mistake, however. The other reviews are on to something. The room just seems to lack pizzazz and/or doesn't seem to convey $500/nt value somehow. Some of that may be that a dollar doesn't go very far in NYC. I stopped to consider what I would ask them to do differently. Unfortunately, the reality may be that staying true to the hotel's history and art deco style may mean living with what feels to some extent like staying in your grandma's living room. If they updated decor to the luxury standards we've come to expect, would it be just another hotel vs. a trip back in time?	
Oct 13 2008 	Waldorf fine but shabby in places	I was looking forward to my one night stay at the Waldorf this past weekend. I have to say there were highpoints and low points. The lobby is wonderful. Angel at reception was patient and kind when checking me in early. But my room - 1060 - was not the best. The bed was great and comfy, but the wallpaper was separating and had a few problems. The white curtains were dirty, and the cable tv seemed to be having problems, too, as most of the stations were a little snowy.The service was, however, impeccable from the room service to the maid who turned down my bed to the Bull &amp; Bear and to the guest service managers who handled my complaints about the wall paper, etc. (I hope the room got looked at after I left). I was given free breakfast at Oscar's and $75 off my room price. Yes, things are pricier at the Waldorf ($95 for Sunday brunch) I treated myself to a Waldorf Salad (appetizer size) and a glass of the house champagne which came to $34.00. Room Service for onion soup and hot chocolate was about the same. I enjoyed people watching - no dowagers in tiaras -but several rather formal events were taking place that night at the hotel. Surprised by the lack of doormen at the front to assist with cabs, etc., but on the whole, a pleasant experience. Would I stay again? If I got a good rate again - and I would make sure that I didn't get room 1060.	
Oct 4 2008	Does not live up to the reputation	We spent a week here for our honeymoon. We found the experience somewhat lacking. We went straight to check in after a 10 hour flight. The staff were apprehensive about assisting us until, after they served several people before us, they discovered we were staying in a suite and their entire attitude changed. I found that approach mercernary at best. Our room was extremely large, however the bathroom was very small and not terribly moden. The whole hotel gave us the impression that it must have been something in its time but some modernising is needed here. We were on the 27th floor and we still found street noise a problem, however we soon learnt that this is a new york thing and therefore hardly the fault of the hotel. The lifts were not working properly for 2 days while we were there and as we were so high up, taking the stairs was dreadful, especially after walking around the whole of manhattan during the day. Our new york experience was somewhat disappointing all round. We found it a soulless, money hungry city.	
Sep 29 2008 	Where's Waldorf?	I broke down and spent the extra $115 per night to take my wife to the Waldorf-Astoria, instead of a cheaper NYC hotel after reading a bad review about that other hotel on TripAdvisor concering bed bugs. The Main Lobby and floor of the Waldorf is opulent, but the room I was in was significantly less so. The room I stayed in was nothing too special, and lacked features you would expect in a high class hotel. There was no flat screen television, no t.v in the bathroom, the queen sized bed was too small, and the lighting was poor. Don't get me wrong, it was a nice hotel room. But, I expected great and was disappointed. There always seemed to be a bustle in the main lobby comprised of well dressed foreignors and corporate types. The best thing about this hotel is its lobby and location. The hotel is situated in easy walking distance to mid-town sites and is surrounded by impressive buildings. As NYC mid-town hotels are un-godly expensive, the Waldorf was actually a fairly good bargain. My room, unfortunately, was near the elevator shafts, so I keep hearing the swoosh of elevator cables all night while I was trying to sleep. That's my fault for trusting the reception staff to pick my room, because I went with the cheaper option of having my room selected for me upon arrival.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great stay	We began our honeymoon in New York, at the Waldorf Astoria and it was really great! There was a bottle of champagne with strawberries waiting for us and the room (a deluxe one with queen bed) was very spacious and clean. The hotel is huge and very charming. The position is very comfortable. The staff was very king and helped us when we had some troubles with our luggage. In a word: marvellous! I hope I'll able to visit it again sooner or later!	
Sep 23 2008 	Great Hotel	We were recently very lucky to spend one night in the Waldorf, thanks to my sister &amp; brother-in-law booking us in with their Hilton points. We had a great king size superior room on corner of hotel - more like a suite as it had separate dressing room. I liked the old decor and charm, the room was very comfortable and by far the most luxurious we've ever stayed in. It was also the largest. There were so many cupboards and wardrobes - our meagre overnight bag looked very lost! The housekeeper was very attentive with regards to making sure we were happy with everything in our room.We used the Starbucks for snack on arrival and the Bull &amp; Bear for cocktails before going out in the evening. We had emailed the hotel a few days in advance re menus as my husband has special dietery requirements but unfortunately they didn't bother to reply - so we didn't eat there.We also found that the hot water supply in the room wasn't that great.Neverthless, we did enjoy our overnight stay there and thought it was very grand hotel.	
Sep 20 2008 	Historic and unique but aging	I stayed at the Waldorf and found it charming and authentic, but it does show its age. The Waldorf service is top notch, with lots of extremely helpful staff at the ready at all times. Great food, location, and fitness center as well. Starbucks in the lobby - yay! The accommodations are not necessarily as deluxe as you might expect at this price point (more than $700/night) - the bathroom in my suite was tiny, with only a pedestal sink and a shower/tub combo. I could not open the shampoo bottle to save my life, and outlets were hard to find. On the upside, though, the towels, sheets and robes are fabulous, I loved the alarm clock with the iPod docking station, and the view of the Chrysler building out my window was priceless. On the whole it is a treat to stay there, but don't expect flat screen TVs, jetted tubs or updated fixtures. The place has character!	
Sep 16 2008 	Fantastic	We stayed at the Waldorf back in 2004 when we got married and it was truly wonderful. Very glamorous, admittedly a faded glamour but this only added to the charm. The hotel really enhanced our New York experience and the staff were very kind to us, upgrading us to a room with fantastic views of the Chrysler building and sending strawberries dipped in chocolate and a bottle of Champagne up to our room on our wedding night. It was the most, wonderful special time and we WILL be going back but probably not until a special wedding anniversary because it is expensive!	
Sep 13 2008 	Historic Hotel	We stayed in a small double bed room on the 14th floor and even though we had a bad view from our window, our room was comfortable, clean and elegantly decorated. The only small problem was it seemed as though we would occassionally hear a banging and scraping noise coming from the rooms above.The staff was very helpful and eager to please.I would also suggest eating breakfast around the corner since it is Very expensive eating there.	
Sep 10 2008 	A piece of NY history!	This hotel is pure New York history, I have always wanted to stay here and being a huge movie fan I was fascinated by this hotel! The hotel has displays about its heritage which are very interesting and just walking around with all the “old money” clientele is an experience in itself!The location is great for getting to 5th Avenue and to all the NY tourist attractions via the subway which is very cheap and convenient or via the open top bus tour which I highly recommend as it stops outside, is really good value and lots of fun plus you hop on and off at any attraction you want!Also go to Central Park for a full day, there is a lot to see and do and it’s bigger than you think!The hotel staff were very friendly and we were given free champagne as we were on our honeymoon! The Bull and Bear do the best steak I have ever eaten and I recommend going to Gordon Ramsey’s restaurant at The London also. This hotel is expensive and as there is so much to do in NY you don’t really spend lots of time around the hotel, I’d recommend visiting for the infamous Sunday brunch and the tour and staying somewhere a little cheaper! New York is amazing!	
Sep 8 2008 	Loved it!	The Waldorf was not cheap but it was worth it. The hotel is as grand as I had imagined it to be. We stayed in a basic room (no upgrade) but it was still fantastic. The room was a comfortable size, the black out drapes were great, the marble bathroom was lovely. All in all, it was the perfect luxury hotel experience. I have never enjoyed a hotel stay more, I didn't want to leave the room!	
Sep 7 2008 	Corner Suite	I've stayed at the Waldorf=Astoria four or five times over the past two years. As a Hilton Diamond VIP, this is my preferred Hilton full-service property in NYC. The separate check-in lounge for Diamonds, just to the left of the looooooong registration desk, is a nice touch.The Waldorf is truly an historic gem, rich with period details. I booked a one bedroom suite for $529 and received an upgrade to corner suite 13-A (yes, they have a 13th floor). A nice room with non-working fireplace in the living room, crystal sconces, small but nice marble bath, and a very comfortable bedroom with walk-in closet, suite 13-A overlooks St. Bart's.Room service was prompt and very cordial. The housekeeping staff were pleasant and attentive. Bathroom amenities were on a par with the Four Seasons.Peacock Alley is a great spot for lunch or cocktails. Kenny's gives an upscale men's haircut in a private salon, for a price (about $125). Avoid the Bull &amp; Bear - if you want a steak, go out on the town.If you love historic hotels, you won't be disappointed at the Waldorf.	
Sep 3 2008 	Just like the movies	The Waldorf Astoria is everything you'd expect from a 5 star New York City Hotel. Absolute luxury and first class service.Personally speaking, the location is a little too tourist friendly but I can't fault the hotel. The service was fantastic.	
Sep 3 2008 	Wowie Waldorf	I used Trip Advisor to review a number of hotels prior to booking for my stay in NYC. As the Waldorf had very mixed reviews, I decided to take a chance anyway and book it - keep the fingers crossed and hope for the best. I need not have worried, our experience was utterly fantastic! Yeah, the doorman was a bit distracted when we stepped out of the taxi but I can carry my own case and yeah there was a wee queue for check in and breakfast but what's the rush - I'm on holiday!!! Nothing about our Waldorf experience dissapointed - the room was luxurious, particularly the mattresses and its a pleasure to be in a hotel with an environmental conscience. We ordered room service one evening and both the service and food were second to none. I work in a quality and customer focused environment and tend to suffer a bit of occupational hazard - with the Waldorf there was no need. I would return here again and again, it certainly contributed to a wonderful NYC experience for me! Thank You!	
Aug 31 2008 	Enjoyed my stay 100 %	Stayed overnight from Sat-Sun in August 2008. Everything want smooth. In the times of Hotel Chains and standardized products the Waldorf Astoria was a good surpise. Still the style of an old Grand Hotel, every member of the staff treated me like I am the most important guest for them, even if my room was one of the cheapest available. I enjoyed the stay. The breakfast could have been a little better but is was according to the standard of this hotel. I did not expect and I must say I did not want a high tech &amp; modern design room. I just wanted to enjoy the stay	
Aug 29 2008 	Out of this World!!!	I stayed at this hotel last year and I chose it because it was my first time in New York and after hearing about the Waldorf and seeing it in so many movies I just had to see it for myself!I was not disappointed!!My friends and I hired a Limo to take us to the hotel as we thought we may as well as it really didnt cost that much (about £30 each for a return trip for 3 of us) the limo pulled into the underground car park of the waldorf and we were greated by a staff member who immediately loaded our luggage on to a trolley and guided us to the reception desk to check in, this was very quick!!He then showed us to our hotel room (2 double bed deluxe room). The room was beautiful!!!! very spacious we had a corner room and had a view of park ave, you really feel in the heart of the city! The room looked so nice i was afraid to touch anything and was very warm and inviting compared to some hotel rooms now that feel quite impersonal and clinical! The bathroom was very clean, great shower (nothing worse that a shower that has no power in it) and overall a great standard!!I also found the staff to be fantastic! I went to the shop within the waldorf to buy a sewing kit as I found I had a hole in my jumper the hotel staff offered to have it fixed FOR FREE!! Overall the staff were so helpful!! Ive never been to a hotel where i've felt so well looked after! from beginning to end this hotel is truely an experience and yes it can be expensive but if you can afford it or can save really hard like I did haha its well worth it! We ordered room service on our last morning which was so much fun just to have done it i think it was $25 each and all silver service i would deffinately do it just to treat yourself!The staff were perfect! The room was perfect! The door man was so friendly i loved staying there just because it was so nice talking to him in the morning, the staff are a credit to this hotel.I really hope I can stay here again, i give this hotel 11 out of 10!I think if anyone has found fault with this hotel they are very very very hard to please!!	
Aug 27 2008 	Fantastic stay at the Waldorf	We have just returned from staying at the Waldorf Astoria and had a wonderful time. We were apprehensive after reading some of the recent reviews but every fear was unfounded. On arrival at the hotel, we had to enter via the car park which was disappointing, but the doormen don't like airport shuttle buses parked outside the front entrance.We found our way to the lobby with our cases and checked in within five minutes. The staff were friendly and asked if we needed help with our luggage but we declined, knowing that it might not arrive quickly.When we entered our room we were very impressed with the size and the decor was traditional and well maintained. We had e-mailed a few days previously to ask for the best room possible at our rate and also stated that it was our anniversary, so arrived to find a bottle of champagne and a plate of chocolate covered strawberries with a note wishing us a pleasant stay.The airconditioning was effective, the room was clean, and the maids provided a turndown service each night. We were on the 27th floor and had good views towards the East River and Park Avenue.We did not intend to eat at the hotel knowing that the prices were high, so have no complaints about the cost. We did drink in Harry's bar and ,although quite expensive, I am sure that we could have found other hotels nearby with the same prices.The hotel itself was beautiful, and if you take the time to walk around and explore, you can imagine what it must have been like in its heyday. The grand ballroom and silver corridor were especially magnificent.The location of the hotel is great as you are within easy walking distance of most of the main attractions but do not have to put up with the constant hustle and bustle of somewhere like Times SquareWe had no problems buying food nearby and ate in places varying from the cheap Viennese deli on Lexington towards the Chrysler building, to the Oyster bar in Grand Central Station, and the View restaurant 48 floor up in the Marriott Marquis hotel in Times Square.We also would recommend taking the Gray Line bus tours from the 49th street side of the hotel. We had 72 hour passes and these included all routes and tickets to the Empire State Building and the Statue of Liberty. There are street vendors everywhere but we bought ours at the hotel ticket desk. We experienced prompt attention and good service with no queues.We went to the Statue of Liberty via the bus and although it took some time to get there, the tour was very interesting. The queue to the boat was long but moved very quickly and we only waited half an hour. We did not get off the boat but you can disembark at Liberty Island and Ellis Island if you wish.We went to the Empire State building when it opened at 0830hrs as recommended by the hotel staff, and walked straight through with no waiting and no crowding on the viewing platform. Later in the day queues form outside and around the building.Returning to the hotel after a busy day was always a pleasure and the sheer opulence of walking through the lobby and not being in a brand new 'chain' hotel with no history was lovely.Staying at the Waldorf Astoria does not have to be that expensive and to be in such beautiful surroundings only enhanced our stay in New York.The staff were always friendly, helpful and easy to approach.We hope to return to New York and stay in the Waldorf Astoria again.	
Aug 22 2008	A Grand Dame	In today's world of Holiday Inn's, Courtyards, etc. it's always a pleasure and a treat to take a step back in time and bask in the glory of a time gone by.After reading some of the posts, it made me wonder if I was the only one to appreciate this landmark hotel. I took in all the glitz and glamor the hotel could offer. Our hallway was adorned with photos of those celebrities caught in the moment of being in the Ballroom, at dinner, and the likes. I wish I had more time to stroll the other hallways and gaze upon moments preserved forever. My daughter and I were in the city for one night, to attend a cooking demonstration at the Astor Center on E4th St. We were able to take the subway, just around the corner from the hotel, and be in the SOHO District in 10 minutes, and I think it only cost $4 for the round trip. We took the train into the city, so we didn't have to deal with driving/parking, because it is a nightmare!We were upgraded to a suite, offered a choice of continental breakfast or 2 cocktails at any of the 4 bars at the hotel and 2 bottles of water --being an Hilton Honors member does have it's priveldges :)Our 2 room suite was huge...a small entryway, large 'coat' closet, fireplace in the living room area, another huge (7x5ft) walk in closet in the sleeping area. I felt extremely spoiled having the room we had..we were on the 9th floor of a 26 floor hotel. They do have a club level. Water pressure and temperature were just fine. 2 tv's, mini-bar (always outrageous prices with mini-bars, but they are fun to see what's in them!) We were at the end of the hallway so I never heard any noise...but being in the city is loud..constant traffic, horns, sirens, but that is all part of what makes NYC the best city in the world! NYC is expensive, so be prepared...We had drinks at the Peacock bar and just watched the world go by. Our drinks were complimented by 2 little dishes of marinated olives and espresso dusted almonds...thank you Nick and Michael for your attentiveness, you're great mixologists! Even at 10pm there were people, lots of people checking in, checking out, the front desk was always busy when we walked by, and we were there on a Monday. I loved hearing the clock chime. There is so much history in the hotel--enjoy it while you can, and if you can, be grateful that you were able to....	
Aug 19 2008 	Don't Waste Your Money	I have been to NYC on many occasions. I have stayed at some WONDERFUL places like the Carlyle, Ritz Carlton and Affinia Dumont. On this trip, we didn't want to spend that much money on accomodations as it was only for one night. However, I was traveling with someone who really wanted to stay at the Waldorf. We found some very reasonable rates online (around $350). We drive into the parking area for Valet. When you first drive in, it seems very nice. We waited about 15 minutes just to pull the car up and get the bags out. No one helped us with our bags. This is not a big deal, as we are certainly capable of carrying our own bags, but I certainly expected better service from The Waldorf.We finally get inside and found it a bit hard to find where to find the lobby. Not a big concern.We get to the lobby, which is indeed very nice, but certainly an older hotel. We then found a large row of registration desks. We found an even longer line to check in. Standing on line with our bags for about 10 minutes or so. Again, not what I would come to expect of a hotel. I have received better service at the Marriott.There are a large array of people staying at the hotel. We get to our room and it is a good size for a superior room. The hotel, it's obvious is older and the renovations don't appear to have helped. Upon going to the restroom, I walk out and notice that I am actually walking downhill from the bathroom to the main room. There is a slope in the floor in our room.The bathroom and the bedroom were spacious. The bathroom had been renovated, but it seemed more like a 'face-lift'. The sheets on the bed were ok and the towels in the bathroom were good as well.Getting a cab from the Park Street entrance was a nightmare. The front door men seemed really lazy and there was always a line of people waiting for a cab. Not to mention the bike riders constantly asking if you want a ride. It's NY, so it's ok. The staff would try and move them to the side, but they always seemed to be in the way of cabs and cars. It was easier to walk a block down and flag a cab myself.The restaurant took a very long time to get seated for breakfast, which was odd considering there were only 4 people eating at the time. The food was ok, the bloody mary was terrible and overall WAY too expensive. Would have been MUCH better to hit a deli.Location is ok, but there are many other great and reasonably priced hotels in the area that would be worth your time. Don't waste your time staying here.	
Aug 18 2008	Old elegance in need if some renewing	When you enter the Waldorf-Astoria, you are greeted by the lobby's obvious opulence and beauty (though if you arrived by car, you will first notice the complete disorganization of the parking in the driveway which runs through the middle of the building - there is luggage everywhere.. it looked like when American Airlines' baggage system broke down).As you roam the halls and arrive at your room, you'll notice that things aren't exactly as elegant as they once were. This seems to be a pattern at the older, more historic hotels. They rely a bit too much on their historical value, but don't seem to be reinvesting any of their hefty price tag on updating or upkeep. There are lots of walls that have been patched over (and not patched well), our room had holes in the wall where a headboard had previously been drilled or a painting previously sat, peeling wallpaper, a curtain hook that was coming off the wall, and other signs of age. Everything was otherwise clean. The bathroom was probably the part of the room in the best condition, though the shower head was starting to rust, and the shower faucet had references to a button that needed to be depressed but there was now only a hole. I was also surprised that our room had an old CRT television.. I'd expect flat screens at a hotel of this caliber at this point in time.I would also say that while this isn't really important to me, I was surprised at the level of service. I don't think I saw a single door man, and staff seems to be mostly in the lobby area only. Overall, no major problems or complaints - the hotel just doesn't live up to its name, reputation or price tag.	
Aug 13 2008	Really disappointing	This is a grand old hotel, and the lobby and public spaces don't disappoint. Our room, however, did. Cramped, dark, with no place to sit comfortably and relax (except on the bed or at the desk), with a view of some sort of shaft. In order to tell if the sky was blue or gray, we had to crane our necks up from the corner of the window. The concierge staff was helpful if you could get to them; there were always a lot of people waiting in line at their desks and at the front desk. The cleaning staff was friendly and did a good job.If the hotel cost less, one would take these inconveniences in stride, but when paying so much, one expects more. For less money, I think I would in future book a nicer room at, for instance, the Helmsley on Central Park South. Better location and you wouldn't feel depressed every time you returned from touring.P.S. When, in answer to a question about my stay, I indicated my disappointment while checking out a friendly person at the desk gave me her name and said she would see I got a nice room next time I came. I probably won't take her up on it.	
Aug 12 2008 	Not Great. For that price there are so many other hotels to choose from.	We just returned from a trip to New York City. We have been there many times and have stayed in many different hotels that varied in price. The Waldorf is pricey and you would expect things to be different that what we experience. I found the room had an old musty smell. The lobby was grand and beautiful but there was always a line at the front desk. Even though there were probably 10 spots for staff to help customers there were never more that 3 or 4 people working at one time. The line was ridiculous. On our last night we woke in the morning with no running water. Supposedly there was a problem in the middle of the night and they had to shut off the water throughout the hotel. When they turned it back on at about 7:30 a.m., it came out of the facets in the sink, the shower and in the toilet, black. We could not shower, wash or even brush out teeth. When I got down to the desk to complain, I had to wait in line to speak with someone. I heard other people compaining about the water as well. I was compensated with a free night. That was the only prositive part of my stay. They also sent our bill up to our room on the day of checkout, riddled with mistakes. There were charges for mini bar purchases we did not make and charges to the fitness centre when my husband is a gold priority club member and fitness centre visits are free. For the amount of money we paid for this hotel room, there are so many other hotels I would prefer to stay at.	
Aug 11 2008 	ok hotel	For the hotel itself, the staff was great. We had a problem with our theatre tickets, and although they couldn't help, the concierge tried. They were always willing to hail us a cab. They held our bags for us both before we checked in and after we checked out. They were great.The room was really largel and had a fantastic view of NY The bathroom was a good size, although the shower was a stall and no bath. I don't take baths in hotel rooms, so no problem. The hotel offers a free continental breakfast, which I didn't take advantage of, and free coffee and tea , which is really nice for a NY hotel. And the rates were comperable or better than other places in the city.	
Aug 10 2008 	Nice hotel with excellent service	We stayed 6 nights at the Waldorf Astoria, and it lived up to our expectations. We knew that it was a very old hotel, but wanted to stay there for the history and to be able to say that we had been there. We arrived early in the evening, but the room they had reserved for us was not ready yet, so instead of transfering us to a less nicer room they gave us a free dinner at the Bull and Bear Restaurant, which is a very good steak restaurant at the hotel. When we were done eating the room was ready.We stayed in a superior room with a big flatscreen TV and nice furniture. The aircondition was old but it work just fine. The place is a little worn down, but we knew that, so there was no surprises. Our view from the room was not so great, as we were overlooking the construction between 2 buildings and part of Park Avenue. Overall it we had a great stay here and the service of the staff was excellent. I´m not sure that we will go back, because at that price you can find much better hotels in New York, but it´s fun to be able to say that we have been there and to have experienced the unique history of the hotel.	
Aug 8 2008 	Loved the Waldorf Astoria New York City	We have just returned from stay at the Waldorf Astoria. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. This is absolutely the best hotel we have ever stayed in on any vacation. The entire staff went out of their way to help us with any need. We asked a staff member in the lobby directions to the 49th street exit to catch a tour and he did not just give us directions he walked us the entire way to the door. Every one was helpful and friendly. The door man remembered my 7 year old son and called him by name every time that we entered the hotel. We will return to this hotel on our next visit to New York.	
Aug 8 2008 	Do not stay during a heat wave	Overall the hotel is clean. Our room seems to have been updated based on other review. The bath room and room are a bit on the small side but this is NYC. They are big for NYC. I have stayed at other hotels in the city with smaller rooms. The room was cleaned every day and even had a turn down service.My issue with the Waldorf was that nothing seemed to run smoothly. Maybe my expectations were too high. We checked in at 11 am and were told our room was not available. This was no big deal and expected. We were asked to give them a cell phone number and they would call. We were also told not to stand in line when we returned since all we needed to do is big up keys. I should also mention that we were using Hilton Points to stay at the hotel and were in the city for a wedding. We left the hotel and went to entertain ourselves in the city. At 4:30, we decided we should head back since we had to be at the wedding rehearsal at 7pm. It was over 100 degrees in the city that weekend and needed to shower before the event. When we arrived at the hotel we went were we told to go at 11 am. A woman working for the hotel came over and said we needed to stand in the check in line. After explaining our situation she said we still need to stand in the line; which had over 10 people in it. Oh, I have forgotten to mention I am Hilton Gold. After a 20 minute wait, we got to someone to help us. We were told that we had been upgraded to a nicer room but it still wasn’t available at 5:30pm. At which point, I told her I had to be somewhere at 7pm and needed to shower ASAP. She left to go speak to a peer. 15 minutes later we were given a room key. We were told it was just a normal room and to make it up to us they would give us drinks at one of the hotel bars. At this point, I was more worried about making the rehearsal. We were told our bags would be sent up.After 30 more minutes our bags finally arrived. The room was extremely hot. The bell boy told us they don’t keep the AC on in the rooms. He showed us how to work it and left. We were in the room for only 45 minutes before we left as well. The room was as hot as when we got into it.When we got home at 2am the room had not cooled down at all. However, since it was so late and we were exhausted we decided not to worry about it.The next day we went to the front desk and they said they didn’t have any other rooms at that time but could move us later in the day around 6pm. The wedding was at 5pm and that was not going to work. They said they would send maintenance up to the room and see what was wrong. That night it didn’t feel any cooler. The next day we noticed the entire hotel was warm. In the long run I do not think there was anything wrong with the AC. I believe the Waldorf is an old hotel with an old AC system that can not handle a 100 degree heat wave.On our last day we checked out and stored our bags at the hotel. When we came back to get them at 4pm, it took over 45 minutes to get them. The bell boy even expected us to tip him. FOR WHAT! Thankfully, our car service understood and we still made our flight with plenty of time.Some other issues were that neither our tub nor sink drained properly. Additionally, the mini bar smelled like something had died in it. The smell was terrible. Thankfully, we only opened it once to get our Hilton Gold Gift-bottle water. I did mention this to the maid in the halls. She said she would clean it. I do not know if it was done since I didn’t want to risk opening it again. PEWWW!!!We also had a few drinks with friends at Sir Harry’s in the Waldorf. The service was terrible. We hit it at a lull so I would expect some slowness but we both had to ask for our bill and then also walk it up to someone to get it run after waiting 20 minutes for her to pick it back up.Unfortunately, my experience didn’t get any better once I got home. My bill was $0 since I was using Hilton points for my stay. The Hilton website confirms. However, once I got my credit card statement I had 3 charges on my statement from the Waldorf. One for $16.10; one for $8.70 and one for $1578.00. I have been on the phone with the Waldorf and they plan to credit my card back for all the charges. It is just a hassle to deal with in the first place.I am glad that I got to experience the Waldorf. If I was paying for the hotel, I would go somewhere else. There are plenty of hotels in NYC that do a better job and have better service. The name isn’t worth what they are charging and for what you get. Once you get out of the lobby the rooms are the same as any other Hilton, DoubleTree, or Marriott. There is nothing special in the rooms themselves.	
Aug 7 2008	Never again	We arrived at 6PM with a reservation for an executive king.When we attempted to check in, we were offered a room with a defective TV but they offered us free movie. We declined. This was a sign of things to come.After 20 minutes they assigned us another room. I clarified to make sure that it was an executive king. When we arrived we found it was an ordinary room. We called down and asked if the room we reserved was not available, why had we been downgraded instead of upgraded.We told them we were furious for being lied to at the reception, downgraded without a discount and unsatisfied, We were tired of arguing and accepted their offer after a half hour of haggling of $100 per night and a bottle of champagne.Our luggage took 45 minutes to arrive. Worse, the bubbly that was supposed to calm us down took almost 2 hours despite the promise of priority service for our unhappiness.In summation, the staff at the front desk are either incompetent or poorly trained or trained to lie. They are overworked and guests are inconvenienced.Hilton ruined the once great Fontainebleau in Miami and were thrown out. They have totally destroyed the Waldorf.I wouldn't go back if they paid me.	
Aug 6 2008 	Nice hotel	This hotel is not modern, its a classic piece of New York's history. The lobby is beautiful, the staff are great and the rooms are nice. All the staff that we encountered in our 5 day trip were pleasant, seemed to enjoy their jobs and were very nice and patient. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat. Our room was very clean, very comfortable. The walls are a little thin so you can hear the odd tv or person but it is to be expected in such an old hotel. The cleaning staff were great, offering privacy when needed and the turn down service was very nice.We stayed there just to experience it and it was worth it.	
Aug 5 2008 	Classy hotel infrastructure old rooms	I spent a night at the hotel with my girldriend.When you see the historical building and even more when you enter in the hotel you are absolutely stunned!Fantastic lampadar and lobby with a historical watch in the middle of the lobby.When you pass the elevators you start getting aware of the age of the hotel. The elevators are old and slow, the corridors or nothing special and the rooms have nice beds and desk but not all rooms are newly refurnished. The air conditioning is still very old and smelly.The view from the 7th floor was nice with a view of the Rockefeller center. Nothing special compared to other hotels like Hilton Times Square.Worth a visit but happy to have spent there only one night just for the historical importance of the building.	
Aug 4 2008	Enjoyed the Waldorf...Just Know What You Are Getting	Spent a week at the Waldorf Astoria and had a great time. Reviews are split on opposite ends, so I will try to enlighten anyone considering this hotel.First of all, you pay a hefty premium at the WA because it is historic, has a famous lobby, etc. The rooms are large and the hotel displays old world class. Also, a friendly maid was always in the hall if you needed anything. The hotel is kept very clean despite its age. Hotel service was always friendly, but, due to the size of this hotel and its many occupants, you often had to wait a while to get a cab, talk to the concierge, etc.As for the drawbacks, there was some cracking paint above the shower in the bathroom, but nothing major. Don't expect a flat-screen t.v, swimming pool, vending machines, free internet or gym facilities at the WA. I did feel the hotel &quot;nickle and dimed&quot; its guests somewhat considering the premium paid for the hotel (i.e. - $10/day for internet and $15/day to work out in their gym). As for location, there is a subway stop across the street and you can easily get to 5th Avenue and Madison Avenue shopping in a few minutes. However, it is pretty good hike (15 minutes at least) to Times Square/Broadway by foot or about a $10 cab ride. If you are going to visit those areas daily, consider a closer hotel. It does have a Starbucks in the lobby, but there is also one every 50 yards in Midtown (including across the street at 50th and Lexington), so no big deal.Bottom line, I am glad I stayed here just to say I did, but would stay closer to either Times Square or Central Park next time because I spent most of my time there and didn't eat in any of the hotel restaurants (Midtown has great restaurants every 30 feet, try them). Since you know you are paying a premium for this hotel, just know that the premium is in return for a stay in a historic hotel that people recognize for its class. If you want more modern amenities closer to the 'around the clock' action in Manhattan, you can spend much less elsewhere.	
Aug 2 2008 	Does not deliver	We wanted to stay here to soak up the ambience and history. We have stayed in historical properties before so we knew the rooms would be small and possible a bit dated. What we did not expect was a smelly, poorly furnished, boiling hot room with dirt everywhere. We were totally shocked. The room had a beat up old air conditioner that did not not work the two of the three days we were there. It was filthy. The bathroom was horrid with some sort of drywall bits and other dirt in every nook and cranny. The bathroom ventalation system looked to be about 30 years old (and never cleaned). It made a tremendous noise but seemed to move no air.We called the front desk about the problems. They repeatedly apologized and then did nothing. We asked for a new room to no avail. This was the rare occassion when we dreaded our return from a day of shopping and sight seeing.Just to top it off, we had a view of the top of the roof between two wings which was a bloody mess! I took a picture (which is on another computer so I may get around to uploading it along with the shot the air conditioner I also took) it was so funny/sad. It looked like what you see driving down a back alley in a poorer neighborhood.The public areas are great. They were everything we expected. The food was, sadly, very poor. The drinks were great. The staff were very good too.Having just come from the Michelangelo (at $100 a night cheaper and a much, much better room), this was a real let down. Never again...all the nice places in the hotel are public and you can enjoy it without being subjected to the rooms!	
Jul 31 2008 	Waldorf Times	Recently spend 3 nights at the Waldorf and we would compliment the hotel on a very good central location. Public areas were traditional and well maintained. Our guest room although quite big, was a little tired in style and presentation which was disappointing given the hotel's historical standing in the city. Same for corrdidors to guest rooms.........Was disappointed with lack of flexibility in room charging. We stayed for three nights including a weekend and were charged dearer weekday rates throughout our stay because we stayed from a Friday . If we had only stayed on a Saturday and Sunday, our nightly rates would have been a good bit less.????Hotel expensive to dine it.Lots of good eateries nearby at a fraction of the cost.......also, down town open top tourist bus stops right outside the hotel.......worthwhile to get your bearings.	
Jul 31 2008 	Disappointing	I was realy looking forward to visiting the Waldorf Astoria, but was very disappointed. The rooms we were given were poky and in need of a change of decor, the bathroom was tiny and there was a very odd smell in the room. Our outlook was on to another wing of the hotel, so we often looked out to see other people staring at us from their rooms.Windows could not be opened, so the stale smell stayed the whole week.One night I threw the heavy top cover off as I was so hot and found what looked like blood on the inside, I told the chambermaid the next day, and even though there was a clean one put on the bed that night, there was no word of apology.As I went with my son, we requested rooms close together, he ended up down the corridor and round the corner, his room also had a funny smell and was just as poky as mine.I had expected more from this hotel, having read so much about it.I would definately NOT return as there are many more modern, and cleaner hotels to choose from in New York.The only good thing I can say about it was it was nicely situated, breakfast was chaotic, and staff very poor.Love New York, hate the Waldorf.	
Jul 29 2008 	Loved Waldorf Astoria	Stayed here nov 07 was a bit unsure after reading the reviews on this site but have to say it was a wounderful stay.Had mini suit was newly refurbished view was out the back of the hotel but wasn't in the room often only to sleep so wasn't that bothered.It was thanksgiving weekend so was very very bussy, would stay there again.	
Jul 29 2008 	Better than what we expected but not 100% amazed.	Took a long weekend to stay here with husband, who is a Diamond HH member (we paid for the hotel, so this wasn't a reward stay).Upon arrival, I was expecting a grander entrance to the hotel, instead it was a small revolving door, and a couple of heavy push doors that would not fit a wide suitcase through, and a 50m walk to the lobby. This is not necessarily a criticism, just that I was expecting the lobby/reception area to be visible upon entrance. In saying that, everything was very grand, and there was a beautful bouquet of flowers, probably the largest I have ever seen, on display in the lobby area.The room was very large for NYC, some may call the rooms dated, but I would say that the Waldorf is trying to keep the decor looking grand and classical as opposed to the minimalist style. I thought it was quite nice. There are modern touches like flatscreen TVs, and the radio which accepts ipods.The bathroom was clean and tidy, everything was marble effect. Toiletries felt like good quality.The main cons:Breakfast $25Gym $15/day - unless you use the Guilane spa. I was extremely dissapointed that not even Diamond HH members could use the gym facilities!!Pros:cleanswanky - people will awe when you say you're staying at the Waldorf!great location - steps away from Madonson/5th ave, but also great neighbourhood/local eateries and bars if you take a stroll down 3rd.extremely comfortable bed &amp; pillows.If you're looking for a weekend packed full of activities, and hardly anytime in the bedroom, then the waldorf is probably not worth it, but otherwise its worth a visit on the weekend when rates are lower.	
Jul 25 2008 	Waldorf doesn't live up to reputation	My wife and I stayed four nights for business as a part of a large group. Excellent midtown location with the subway immediately across the street to the left on the Lexington entrance. Very good Redstone Pizza, Duane Read Pharmacy, and a liquor store are three blocks to the right down Lexington. Morrell Wine Bar is a great place to people watch the Rockefeller crowds a few blocks away.The Waldorf lobby, common meeting areas, and restaurants still convey a grand old school appeal. The peeling paint in the bedroom bathroom and the non flat screen TV's should be improved. Service was hit or miss when the staff could or could not manage the crowds. The front desk manager was excellent at handling a stressful checkin, while an undertasked bartender at the Bull and Bear was lazy and unattentive. This is a BIG hotel, and there are so many good hotels in the area. I wouldn't stay here unless the price was right or my company was paying again.	
Jul 24 2008 	Nice hotel but GREAT location	Stayed in the Waldorf in July 2008 for one week with my mum and sister as a shopping trip and chance to meet with family who live in NYC.On arrival our luggage was taken care of quickly and we were taken to reception rahter than just being directed. Check in didnt go according to plan as when we booked we booked two interconnecting rooms (these were promised by travel agent) On check in there were no interconnecting rooms left although it worked out in the end as the single room was offered on the 17th floor (smoking rooms only) which one of our party wanted.Rooms were big - our room had two double beds, walk in wardrobe (great for the shopping bags) although it did have a small bathroom. We experienced problems with the shower.. you have to run it for over 15 mins before any hot water. My sister complained once and was given breakfast vouchers (which we didnt use) but the water was never fixed properly. Housekeeping okay - turndown service didnt happen every night and when you wanted towels changed they hung up your used ones again so we called down a few times for fresh towels. The room has a/c which you cant turn down lower than 63. Rooms look like they could do with a facelift but hey how long are you spending in your room.We used the Theatre and Tours desk within the hotel to book a show (Chorus Line) Richard on the desk was very helpful and got us great seats. The Concerige desk was again very helpful especially when it came to plotting all the shops we wanted to go on a map! No problems getting a taxi outside the hotel.. although for those who have not been to NYC before like me.. their taxi drivers always ask for a full address of where you are going!!!Theres a Starbucks in the ground floor of hotel which is pricey compared to the starbucks out and about but ideal very first thing in the morning.Hotel has all different types of guests... we saw wedding parties, business persons and tourists.. the hotel does say it has a dress code for lobby areas but we wore shorts etc and noone said anything.The best thing with this hotel is the location. A pleasant 15min walk to Times Square/Tiffanys/Bloomingdales/Grand Central Station its perfect.We wanted to have a late checkout as our flight wasnt till late at night.. when we called down to first ask we were told 75 dollars per hour so we werent going to bother. On the day we were going home we called again and were told first hour free then £35 dollars per hour so another warning... always check again! We also had mini bar charges on final account which we had not used so again check your bill before you leave.All in all a lovely hotel with its amazing lobby and history but personally I prefer a more modern hotel and if I was returning I would find one but ensure it be close to the waldorf as location was great.	
Jul 20 2008 	Over-rated	Gorgeous lobby then it goes downhill. For the price paid, there are much nicer hotels in the vicinity - the rooms are very old fashioned - and I dont mean quaint! We had trouble getting hot water via the shower - tip - let the tap run for at least 15 minutes then turn to shower mode. There is a on-site Starbucks but the prices are quite hefty - tip - loads of Starbucks outside and charges are much cheaper. The staff are very helpful but on checking out, noticed we had all been charged for using the mini bar (we couldnt even open ours!) - not a problem though, the charges were immediately taken off. Remember to check your bill before leaving. There is a dress code in certain parts of the hotel but we had no problems wearing shorts and tshirts as were many others, bearing in mind this hotel is also hugely used weddings, business conferences,etc. All in all a fantastic stay in New York but would definetely stay in a more contemporary hotel.	
Jul 19 2008	rob and vivs 40th birthday in the waldorf	stayed in the waldorf astoria in march with my girlfriend for our 40th birthday what a hotel. the staff were so helpful what you would expect from a top class hotel .the room was really nice and the bed was so comftable with those triple folded down sheets never slept in a bed like it.if you go out the lexington entrance the are plenty of places for breckfast .a good tip if you suffer from astma you can e mail them and they will supply astma sheets . unless your going to drink out of the mini bar leave the stuff inside alone because as soon as you lift something out it registers on your bill . you can book in online from the buisness suite in the lobby for free for your return flight home the staff are more than helpful.if you want to see a broadway show go to the booking office of the theatre the day before or on the day you can get seats at half price we did at the winter garden went to watch mama mia the seats where 3 rows from the front and the show was fantastic.. if you go to macys shopping as for a discount card in the shop visitors get a 11% discount .have a go at the helicopter flight you will enjoy it we did and a good tip if your going to visit ground zero or liberty island its all in the same area so worth planning we did the helicopter flight then went to ground zero, . all of the starbucks have wi fi so just buy a drink and surf away on your laptop.just a last thing we felt safe all the time in new york night and day even on the subway and we are going back	
Jul 19 2008 	Fantastic!	This hotel has the most beautiful lobby of any otel Ive ever stayed in and although my room, paid for with Hilton Reward points collected over 7 years of almost constant business travelling, was tiny and overlooked the service area of the hotel, who cares? Its a great place to base a stay in NYC if you can afford it (which I normally cant!). The beds were incredibly comfortable and the staff, except for one depressingly surly breakfast waiter were great.	
Jul 19 2008	This place is a dump	This place is totally resting on its laurels. Our room was large, which was about the only good point. The carpet was filthy. There were no slippers so I had to request them. They probably haven't done a thorough renovation of the room since 1970. There were layers and layers of paint on the bathroom door, closet doors, and on moulding, whch also had a nice big piece of blue painters tape stuck to it. The furnishings were tired - there was a hole in one of the lampshades. The bed itself was nice as were the sheets, but the decorative pillows and stuff were practically threadbare. The marble/granite was nice in the bathroom, but you could tell the tub had been refinished about a 50 times. There were a few layers peelng off around the drain. Can't complain about the price since we used Hilton points to stay here but if I were paying anything close to the rack rate, I'd be very annoyed. No way would I stay here again - there are so many nice hotels in NY why waste it on a has been?	
Jul 18 2008 	Loved it!	Having read the reviews, I must admit I was a bit apprehensive about staying here with my family, particularly given the comments on the condition of some of the rooms from many previous visitors. However, from the second we arrived until the very second we left the Waldorf, the service was excellent. It was my son's 15th birthday whilst we were in NY and I wanted to make it a special occasion. I had e-mailed the Waldorf a few days in advance explaining this and requested a nice room with a view. We were not disappointed. We had a large room (there were 4 of us) with a separate dressing room and bathroom facilities all in very good condition with an excellent view over Park Ave. The Waldorf even sent my son a personal card, some fine bottled water and exclusive chocolates for his birthday. The hotel is something special and people who plan to stay here must remember it is not a modern hotel, This is quite simply its appeal. The reception areas are stunning and the scent from the wonderful flower arrangements is simply lovely. The staff were always extremely helpful and curteous and made you feel very welcome. This is a truly special hotel which offers character and a bit of history which undoubtedly is its charm. I would have no hesit ation in recommending this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 12 2008	Loved the Waldorf	After reading all the negative reviews about the waldorf I was hesitant to stay. We used points for our first trip there in October 2007 and were delighted with our room, service, tour desk... everything. We returned in May and our room was outrageously large for NY - with huge closet, large bathroom with seperate shower and bath, and a seperate sitting area. I love the classic elegance of the hotel and I must say we loved the Waldorf.	
Jul 11 2008 	There are better options.....	Converted Hilton points for my stay so did not pay. Room was very small. By the time we removed decorative pillows and bedspread walking aroudn the room was severely limited. Bathroom very nice. Air conditioner was marginal at best. If it had been warmer outside the A/C would not have been sufficient. Public spaces are gorgeous. For a nearly 80 yr old building it was very well conditioned. Service was fine. I have stayed at the Hilton NY (Ave of Americas) and for the same # of points could have stayed there and had a better room and a better location. It's a great tourist spot but there are better rooms and locations for the money in NYC.	
Jul 10 2008 	Pleased with the Waldorf-Astoria	Be booked at the Waldorf-Astoria since this is such a well known and famous hotel, but we were not very certain after reading some of these mixed reviews. We decided to book an &quot;executive room&quot; (or whatever they call it) to make sure not to end up in one of the smaller rooms. When arriving we were sent to the &quot;VIP&quot; check in because all receptionists were busy. We were seated in this kind of office got a very helpful and nice check in from the lady behind the desk. The room was not ready (as we arrived a bit early), but they would call us when the room was ready. The bell boy took our luggage and we went out to get something to eat. The only bad thing is that the stairs leading from the Park Avenue entrance is quite difficult when you have a lot of luggage. The public rooms are all simply gorgeous and grand like other reviewers tell. No need to repeat the story. After one hour they called and the room was ready. Our room were on the 15th floor with an amazing view of Park Avenue and the church next door. The room were very spacious! Not only for a New York hotel room but in general. The hallways and all public areas are all spacious at this hotel. They were probably not so space efficient in the old days. Large and clean marble bathroom. No peeling paint or dirty ventilation shafts. Very comfortable bed. Clean. Walk-in-closet with iron and iron board. Nice furnishing allthough they could have put in an extra lounge chair or something. The room was not new and not in perfect shape, but it was &quot;nicely worn&quot; and quite acceptable. I think some floors are renovated later than our floor but we were pleased with our room. Very old kind of style, but this is not a trendy boutique hotel. Not over the top luxurious but comfortabel and good size. I think that people have to have in mind that this is a very old hotel and not modern and completely up to date as new hotels would be. However this is much of the charm. If they gutted the entire hotel to make it all trendy and fancy it would not be the same. It would probably end up as a &quot;Las Vegas old style hotel.&quot;The bar next to the lobby and the elevators is a very nice place for drinks. Wonderful and helpful staff. The people working in the bar is of &quot;the old school&quot; and have maybe been working there for their entire lives. The bar in the Park Avenue lobby with live piano music is nice for late cocktails before going out to dine. We ordered room service one day we were to tired to go out, and it didn't take long for the food to arrive. Very efficient. Good service and good food. The last morning of our stay we came home at 6am after some really hard clubbing. We were drunk and probably a bit shabby. They let us keep the room for 3 extra hours without any charge. Very nice of them or we would be completely destroyed the last day in NY.The check out was quick. We had to stay some hours in New York because our plane left quite late. The bell boy came to our room to pick up our luggage and placed it in storage. When we were leaving for JFK we went to the taxi &quot;drive though&quot; inside the hotel, gave them our reciept and the bell boy put the luggage in the taxi. Very efficient and smooth service. The Waldorf-Astoria was everything we expected. Maybe we were put back by reading some reviews and didn't have too much expectations, but compared to other 4/5 star hotels in New York the Waldorf-Astoria is one of the better places we have stayed. Maybe it's advisable to spend the few extra dollars to upgrade from the standard rooms. This will probably make sure you don't end up in a &quot;staff room&quot; or in the smaller rooms. The con is that this hotel is really huge, and even though the service is good and smooth it's only on the surface. There is no personal service at this huge place, but the service we got was good, efficient and met our expectations. We didn't encounter any service problems. The second con is that the lobby doesn't have much sitting space except from in the resturants. There are two huge lobbyes, but very few places to just sit down and wait. The public areas seem to attract tourists not staying there, and this makes the public areas sometimes a bit crowded. Maybe that's the reason why there are so few sitting areas. Would we stay at the Waldorf-Astoria again? Yes. Next time in NYC we will most probably end up at the W-A again.	
Jul 4 2008 	Nice Hotel but worth the money	Well this place is a great location. Close enought to shopping and restaruants but not right next to you so you don't have that much foot traffic around. So given the other reviews, I must have really lucked out. My room was spacious, newer furnishings, beautiful bedding, bathroom with marble counter top and hugh medicine cabinet to store your stuff, two plush bathrobes in the closet and a nice chair and ottoman all provided a wonderful room experience. The staff was courteous but not over accomodating but it is New York. They were, however, able to get me into my room my 1PM so I was thankful for that.Again this is New York, but I still have diffuculity spending $16 for a glass of wine in the lobby bar that is, by the way, pretty noisy. The lack of a coffee maker in the room is amazing in this day and age and while there is a Starbucks in the lobby, I hate to have to get dressed and go down there each morning. The $14.95 daily charge for itnernet usage is part of the nickel and dime stuff that a hotel of this magnitude should not subscirbe. Also beware that when you are quoted the price for the room there are also about 15% additional for various taxes.So it was a nice hotel in a great location but but not worth the additional money.	
Jul 2 2008 	Big disappointment	When my company booked me at the Waldorf Astoria for a business trip I was overjoyed. Even though it would be for only one night, it would provide me with an opportunity to stay at this legendary hotel. The lobby, the elevators and the general ambience lived up to the reputation; however the room was a big disappointment.The room was very small, with faded wallpaper and musty carpeting and the window opened out to service chutes with view of piping. The bathroom was tiny and dirty.I am not planning to stay in this hotel in the future	
Jul 1 2008 	Superb	Stayed in The Waldorf Astoria at the end of May 2008 &amp; was rather nervous given that it has more than its fair share of bad reviews, however the whole experience was excellent.Arrived well before the specified check in time but had no problems checking in - there was no queue &amp; we were in our room within 10 minutes of arriving. Luggage turned up 5 minutes later. Reception staff &amp; porters were all very friendly &amp; not at all snooty.we paid for a standard room - Our room was on 27th floor &amp; had a double aspect view up Park Ave towards the park &amp; East towards the river. Room was very spacious, well decorated &amp; furnished &amp; clean. Aircon worked well &amp; unobtrusively. My stay coincided with my birthday &amp; I was sent a complimentary bottle of champagne &amp; chocolate covered strawberries on the day - a nice touch.We also found the concierge service in the lobby very useful for advice on getting around &amp; booking tours etc.My only gripes would be the high cost of room service (We didn't use it there are plenty of reasonable restaurants &amp; delis within 2 minutes walk) &amp; the high cost of the laundry service.overall, highly recommended &amp; well worth the money to stay in a piece of NY history.	
Jun 27 2008 	Old World...New perspective	No problems at all here. The hotel is extravagant and quite beautiful. I would stay here again in a NY minute.I loved the historic touches and detail that the hotel provides. It's a side of the Big Apple that I have never seen before. Well worth it.	
Jun 26 2008 	A Beautiful Piece of history	We were guests at a wedding in the city &amp; the bride &amp; groom chose the Waldorf as their host hotel. We live on Long Island but hadn't stayed at the Waldorf for more than 20 years (we usually stay at the NY Hilton, which we love). I had remembered the Waldorf as having an opulent lobby &amp; tiny, musty rooms. We were pleasantly surprised! Our family had 3 rooms &amp; each one was more than adequate. The size of the rooms, although not large, were certainly not tiny nor musty. The bathrooms were all redone in marble &amp; the bed &amp; bedding were very comfortable. I found the staff to be very accomodating, unlike other reviewers before me. Perhaps because we paid a slightly reduced rate because of the bridal group rate all the things that disturbed other reviewers were inconsequential to us. I still prefer the NY Hilton's rooms, but the history &amp; beauty of the common areas of the Waldorf are something to behold.	
Jun 25 2008	Waldorfn Astoria	Spent 2 nights in the Waldorf. Was a bit unsure due some bad reviews on this site. Check in was great and our room was excellent, vWe had a King Deluxe andnit nwas deluxe in everynway. The staff we met were very helpful right down to a man who helped me down a flight of stairs with my case when the elevator was being repaired.Would recommend it to anyone. Try the Hilton.com site for good deals.	
Jun 23 2008 	Old and Over-priced	I recently stayed at the Waldorf with my boyfriend as a weekend getaway to NYC. We picked the Waldorf because of location and hotel history. Upon our arrival, there was a long check-in line and after waiting, we found out our room would not be ready for another 2 hours. When we finally were allowed to go to our room, it was very underwhelming. The room was tiny (queen size bed) and outdated. The bathroom was small and the tub/vanity/sink was circa 1970s. Around dinner time, housekeeping insisted on scrubbing the outside of our door for five minutes knowing we were in the room... very awkward. The &quot;luxury&quot; room did not have simple amenities such as coffee maker/ample electrical outlets/slippers. Overall, we were extremely disappointed. It was an experience I would have expected at a $125 per night hotel vs $500+ night experience.	
Jun 22 2008 	You can find better quality for your money	This was the third time I stayed in the hotel and on this occasion I was most disappointed.I booked to stay 6 nights but checked out after 3 nights.I found the room in dire need of refurbishment.I was placed on the executive floor and had access to the executive lounge but found a real change in attitude to my previous experiences some 5 years ago.At $600 a night I exspect good quality accomodation with a classy edge, I think this hotel is now lost within the New York market place of posh hotels these days.Previously I found every member of staff greating you with 'good day sir' and the lift had a bell boy and took you to your floor.These little extras made the hotel special.On this occassion I found the staff unfriendly and probally demotivated.I was concerned to the lack of security at the hotel, one would of thought these days that such a high profile hotel would have better security arrangements.So all in all I think prospective guests can find better quality hotels that offer the wow factor for the same if not less room rates.A real shame, I think this hotel is in dire need of a change of management.	
Jun 20 2008 	An utter disappointment!	On a recent trip to New York City with friends we decided to indulge in what we thought would be the ultimate splurge and stay at the renowned Waldorf Astoria. We were very excited and after a long day of travelling we were looking forward to settling into a luxurious and comfortable room. What we got was a small, dirty and dated shoebox that was well below our expectations. At over $700USD per night we were shocked. I don't even know where to begin. The carpet was worn and filthy, even coming up from the floor and away from the walls, The walls had stains and marks all over them, the tiny minibar fridge that sat like a box on the floor (not even in a proper wardrobe) had leaked water all over the carpet and our view was over what appeared to be an air shaft. The furnishings are dated beyond belief. The beds need new linens, comforters, pillow shams everthing. It all looks as thought it has been used since the day the hotel opened. I could not believe the overall state of the room. It reminded me of a Super 8 motel room I had once visited in Bangor, Maine. Absolutely dreadful.The bathroom was small, the sink was cracked and the shower had to run for about 20 minutes before we could get any warm water. The toilet barely flushed.I really could not come to terms with the amount of money we spent on this room. We were speechless. Unfortunately we arrived late to the hotel so a room change was not possible at that hour however the next day after voicing our displeasure with reception we were moved.Our second room, although quite nice at first glance, suffered from many of the same signs of age as our first room. We did now have a nice Park Ave view, a large dressing room as well as a few lounge chairs to sit in however there was just not getting past the fact that the rooms are in dire need of an update. Even in our new room the hot water situation was the same and the toilet flushed like it was 1920. Obviously, overall, we were utterly disappointed. To think of how much we spent versus how much satisfaction we got from our stay makes me ill. We were comparing so many properties during the planning phase of this holiday and we spent MORE than necessary simply to stay at the Waldorf and I'm afraid that all you are really paying for is the ability to be able to say &quot;I went to New York City and stayed at the Waldorf Astoria&quot;. A visit to the lobby will suffice if you feel the need to see what all the buzz is about. Beyond the lobby, the hotel is a huge disappointment.Just as an aside, after paying through the nose for the room, the Waldorf then has the audacity to want to charge you $30 if you wish to access the internet from your laptop in the room. Ridiculous. Our last night in the New York area was spent at the Sheraton Newark Airport hotel so that we could be near the airport to catch an early flight. The room cost $140, the internet connection was free and the accomodations were clean, modern and extremely comfortable. I realise Newark airport is not Manhattan however it just goes to show that all you are paying for at the Waldorf is a name and the faded memory of a once 5 star hotel.I would NEVER recommend a stay at the Waldorf , your hard earned money can be spent elsewhere and you will be much happier.	
Jun 19 2008 	luxurious position	We spent 4 nights in New York before going down to the Caribbean. Booking one year in a dvance the Waldorf came up cheaper than many below its standard..... You can't fault the location, you can't fault that lovely feeling of history and just 'staying at the Waldorf'.... but the room we had, whilst very large was drab and tired with paint peeling off the ceiling in the bathroom. . I think part if it is undergoing a revamp and it's due. Drinks and food are very pricey at the hotel but there are plenty of local breakfst options if you would prefer to eat elsewhere. If you get a good deal take it, if you don't ,stay at the Marriott!	
Jun 16 2008 	Pros and Cons	I wondered, why the reviews posted here differ so much in rating the hotelrooms and staff. I even supposed some of the (overly positive) reviews being feigned. So, I was a little apprehensive, also because two friends joined us there for over night stays due to my suggestion of this hotel.To begin with, there are many aspects I liked about this hotel. Above all, it is classic and old fashioned and I do like that. The price (329 USD) was good compared to other high class hotels in that mid town location.On arrival, the super shuttle from JFK let us off at the motor entrance. He told us, that a concergie would take care of us. Odd enough, we saw at least six employees waiting and NO one took notice of us and our luggage. So we chose of the side entrances and took our way towards reception.On check-in, waiting time was short and the employee booked us in efficiently and politely. He (probably) upgraded us into a corner room (11th floor in a wing towards 50th street) and took care that our friends arriving two days later would get an adjacent room.The room had a good size, an old closet in the entrance area, a perfect bed, a bath-room with a big shower and a window. There were no curtains at that window, only a blind, which we had to pull down when using the toilet. We reported this to the reception desk, the employee listened carefully, but curtains never appeared throughout the stay. The view was not over impressive but not bad either. It was memorial day with obviously less traffic, no noise disturbed during the night. The air condition was an individual device and a little noisy.House keeping was good, only turn down service was inconsistent (no turn down at all on third night).Some of the lifts did not work properly. Once we got stuck in a lift and had to push the alarm. Good luck, the problem was resolved quickly.We had vouchers for continental breakfast at Oscar's (due to my gold status). The seating procedure proved to be a little fight in order to get a table where we prefered to sit. The buffet was unimpressive and did not keep up with a hotel of high reputation.The Bull and Bear restaurnt's steaks were of huge size, but charred on the surface. One of the steaks (party of four) had a penetrating taste of charcoal. The waiter told us, that this is the typical style they prepare steaks, but he will take that one off the bill. The seating was slightly uncomfortable, because the table was a bit too small for four persons. All tables were on the small side.The last night I detected, that the water on the bath room floor did not stem from our using the shower but was dripping from the ceiling. We reported this in person to the receptionist, who offered us a room change (not for the very last night, too much trouble). She offered us free breakfast (we had the vouchers). So we obtained four vouchers for free drinks at Sir Henry's Bar. I must say, we enjoyed our drinks there greatly. Returning into the room late, I found a message from the receptionist in charge who was concerned about the leakage from the ceilling in our bath room. She offered a room change without moving our luggage and asked me to call back. Well, I was tired (it was late), I did not want to be further away from our friends staying in the neighbour room (we wanted to check out togehter next day, continuing our journey), and I thought it was too much trouble for the very last night. Eventually the leaking stopped since they fixed it in the room above us. - Nevertheless I rose this issue at check out the next day and eventually got 100 USD off the overall bill.The departure was smooth. Our luggage was collected and deposited at the motor entrance. The employee there got us a taxi for four people. That worked well and fast.To cut a long story short: I liked the hotel but it does not live up to its reputation. And that is a pity. Staying here, was a good and fairly nice experience, but it could have been better. Reading other reviews I guess, staying at the Waldorf Towers makes a complete difference. But that is like another (high priced) hotel. They should work towards a more consistent appearance in terms of rooms, maintenance and service.	
Jun 13 2008 	Your money could be better spent elsewhere	This was our second stay at the Waldorf and we were less than impressed. We paid an absolute fortune for this stay given it was high season. There were three of us staying, and our first room was basically an old shoe box. We were not happy to see the carpet coming up in places, marked and peeling wallpaper and a cracked sink. We asked to be moved after the first night. Our second room was better - much bigger and not as damaged. But still looking quite old.On the positive side, the lobby of the hotel is very grand and luxurious. Plus its a great location.But next time we'll stay elsewhere - the Waldorf needs extensive renovations before we'll stay again.	
Jun 10 2008 	Loved the hotel	We stayed at the hotel for Friday and Saturday night for my husband's 50th law school reunion from Columbia U. We were in a short line but a hotel clerk could see my husband was having a problem standing so they ushered us into the Hilton diamond office with no wait at all. We were treated wonderfully and given a very nice room. Everyone at the hotel was so friendly and nice. Our room was great. Service was great. The hotel is elegant and beautiful. They sent us a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries to celebrate my husband's law school reunion. I can't say enough nice things about this hotel including location	
Jun 8 2008	Wonderful Classic Hotel	Our family, which consists of myself, my husband and my two daughters aged 12 and 15 stayed at the Waldorf for 4 nights from 24 May. It was our first time to New York and we all really loved it. The Hotel is very classic so anyone wanting contemporary will not be happy. However I liked it and prefer the old style. The room was rather dusty around the fixtures and fittings but the bathroom was cleaned well every day and we always had the room done by the time we returned from our outings and fresh towels. The maid came in the evening to take off the bedspreads as it was warm at night. The size of the room was adequate as it was a standard room. We had 2 double beds but we had a seperate dressing room and the bathroom was next to that so we all had privacy when required. We had room service a couple of times and that was very prompt and the food was lovely. All the staff we encountered were very well mannered and helpful. We used the safety deposit box facility which is free and found it useful to safeguard money and passports etc. Taxis were outside the Hotel to take to you to wherever you wanted to go and they are very cheap. We had a great time and will return!!	
Jun 8 2008 	A nice stay	We decided to stay at the Waldorf Astoria during our trip to New York because it was not that much more expensive than other hotels and the location was great. There were three of us in a room with two double beds. It wasn't giant, but it was large enough to be comfortable for three people.The best part of our stay were the beds, because they were some of the most comfortable beds we have ever slept on. The location was also great, with plenty of attractions within walking distance, and the subway close by.There were only two things to worry about. One was the constant static electricity we built up due to the plush carpets throughout the hotel. We kept getting shocked every time we touched metal.The second was the maids who were quite insistent upon coming in to turn down the sheets around 6pm, even when we asked them not to. They seemed to be blatently pressing for tips. Tipping was in general expected among the staff, so be prepared for it with some spare bills.We didn't use the restaurants in the hotel as they were more expensive than other places in the area.In general I would recommend this hotel to anyone, but note that it is not the cheapest in the world. But how many times can you stay in a place that is also a tourist attraction itself?	
Jun 5 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	Perfect for anybody who wants a large , luxurious hotel in a great location. Was extremely impressed with the impeccable service and friendly staff who go out of their way to make you feel welcome.Our stay was enhanced by the fact that we were upgraded on our arrival to the boutique Waldorf Towers at no extra cost. The hotel is usually very busy with business meetings, wedding receptions, graduation parties etc and can appear quite formal and as such may not suit everybody, however this is only a minor gripe and didn't detract from our stay at all. Overall it was a pleasure to stay in such a landmark hotel. Highly recommended.	
Jun 5 2008 	Loved the Atmosphere	The Waldorf is a traditional style of hotel and probably some of the furnishings in the room are a bit tired looking but overlook that and it is a fantastic experience to stay there. The bed was really comfy and the room very quiet. There was always something happening in the hotel and I could have sat all day in the lobby, people watching. Sir Harry's bar does a mean G &amp; T which was worth the $16. Great location. We bought an open top bus ticket for 3 days and used it like public transport from right outside the hotel. Ate in the Bull &amp; Bear one night and wouldn't really recommend. Great local places for breakfast. Loved New York and thought the Waldorf made the trip really special.	
Jun 2 2008	Loved it!!	We booked a 2 bedroom mini suite and were not disappointed. We spent one week here and it was wonderful. Large bedroom, separate living room with a TV in each. 2 bathrooms and large walk in closet. It was all clean and nicely decorated. Check in/ check out was very quick. We were on the 22nd floor but those lifts are so fast it wasnt a problem. The iron in the room was broken but when my daughter reported it a new one was brought within minutesWe had buffet breakfast on morning which was lovely. We also ordered meals from room service twice. Both times it was delivered quickly and was very hot. More than enough food, with all the little touches included.We were treated well by all staff, and the location is perfect. walking distance to all the major attractions	
May 31 2008 	The worst nice hotel in the world	I am a Hilton Diamond member so I try to stay at Hilton Hotels. For the last few years I've stayed at the Hilton on Avenue of the Stars and it was fine, but I thought I'd try Hilton's &quot;premier&quot; NYC property the famed Waldorf Astoria. This will be the one and only time I make that mistake. Straight up, this place is nowhere near as nice as the Hilton a few blocks over (which is no gem but merely serviceable) and WAY over-rated.I had a 6th floor room with a view of anything other than a rooftop. Fine, not a big deal but the floor was also being used to host a conference of some kind and there were tables set up in the hall all the time of my stay and a constant procession of wait staff setting up things for the conference. When I got to the room neither the TV nor the Air Conditioner worked. I called about both. They fixed the TV but didn't do anything about the A/C. (The TV here is a old tube not like the sexy flat screen a the &quot;lesser&quot; Hilton a few blocks away). I called again about the A/C the next morning and they said they'd fix it .. but nothing again. The morning of my last night there, I called again. When I got in from my meetings at the end of the day, they had installed a crappy window unit air conditioner in the room. It was extremely loud and was letting in heat in the side spaces where it didn't quite fit in the window. I called and complained and told them I wanted my rate reduced. They agreed to give me my last night free. Of course, when the bill came under the door it included my last night so I had to go wait in line and manually check out in order to get that night removed (And explain the whole experience again). I've actually never answered the question &quot;how was your stay?&quot; with the answer &quot;not good&quot; before until now .... at worst, I would say &quot;fine&quot; to the person checking me out but I just couldn't hold my tongue. Eventually they got the bill right. But at $525 per night, this was a joke. So many better places for this price. I KNEW I wasn't staying at the Four Seasons, but surely they can beat their very own Hilton a few blocks away!?! What a joke. I'll never go there again and am thinking of abandoning the chain entirely.	
May 30 2008 	Top class hotel!!	We have just returned from a stay at the waldorf astoria and want to say what a wonderful time we have had. The check was easy, even though our room wasnt ready until 3pm, they had upgraded us and made mention of our anniversary and told us we were down as vip guests. (I had emailed the hotel prior to arrival to inform them of our special occasion) When we went back at 3pm our room still wasnt ready so because we were tired, we agreed to pay a nominal fee to upgrade to a suite. The room was beautiful, very elegant, it had a sitting room and a lovely bedroom. The furniture was in no way dated as suggested in previous reviews, it suited the grandeur of the place - maybe these other reviewers prefer the crisp pristine look of a boutique hotel and the classy look does not appeal? On the day of our anniversary the hotel sent us champagne and chocolate strawberries with a rose and card wishing us all the very best. What a lovely touch! We were extremely happy with everything. The breakfast was lovely, lots to choose from at the buffet and the waiting staff were efficient beyond words. No wonder Americans can seem quite impatient in a restaurant in the uk if this is the service they have come to expect! All in all it is a wonderful place, very very clean and elegant and we would not hesitate to stay there again. The staff in no way looked down on you, in fact we would say quite the opposite. If you get the chance to stay there do not worry - as long as you appreciate the history of the hotel and its intended style you will certainly not be disappointed. Cannot wait to go back!	
May 28 2008 	Very enjoyable	Stayed at the Waldorf Astoria in feburary for my 30th birthday as a surpise weekend from my wife. We had an excellent corner room with with windows on two walls. The room was comfortable and of a good size and clean. The staff are very good and helpful.We ate at the japanese restaurant , in the hotel, on the saturaday which was my birthday which was very good with a nice atmosphere .The location was great we were able to walk everywhere.	
May 26 2008 	Doesn't get any better ...	There is an elegance to the grand old hotels like the Waldorf and the Plaza that is simply unmatched. So when you get the opportunity you simply can’t pass it up. We came across a great rate (&lt; $350 a night) over this Memorial Day weekend. It was first class all the way. PROS:. Rooms are large. Linens and bedding were great. Lot of hot water and good water pressure. Small refrigerator in the room (great for water and sodas). Complimentary continental breakfast (upgradeable to full breakfast for $6). Elevators are fast and all elevators were operational all the time. Entire staff was friendly, courteous, and helpfulCONS:. No shower caps for the wife. Wallpaper a bit worn but not a distraction	
May 24 2008 	Love the Waldorf	We loved the Astoria - all our experience with the staff was of the highest standard from check-in to check-out time. Concierge were great and always helpful.Would definitely stay here again - not only for the grandeur of the hotel but also the location.	
May 23 2008 	World Class... but worth the price?	My wife and I stayed at the Waldorf=Astoria in April. My parents stayed their about 25 years agoand I had always wanted to stay their. We're from Las Vegas and we've stayed in many luxury hotels all over the country. This Hotel was exceptional, especially when you consider the history of the building.We need to get one thing straight. The Waldorf=Astoria is OLD. If you're expecting everything to look shiny and new, you'll be disappointed. If, however, you are willing to accept the fact that you're in a well kept piece of American history, and not the Disney/Vegas-based hotel/resort, you'll be in good shape.The hotels does have its pros and cons.To be honest, I probably wouldn't stay at the Waldorf again on my own dime. The place is full of history and really lets you peek into what the &quot;old guard&quot; must have marveled at in it's day. The entire hotel drips with history and old world charm that makes it very obvious as to why its considered the &quot;Gand-dame&quot; of hotels. But for a regular guy like me who wants to squeeze as much luxury as i can get for my dollar, it may seem like a waste of money.Though my wife and I agree that the service and staff were all phenominal. We just couldn't bring ourselves to spend $8.50 for a glass of Sprite and $14 for an Amstel light at the bar. The $95 per person Sunday Brunch buffet had us very puzzled, as we've both been to some of the greatest buffets in the country and never paid more than $30 per.If you're a business traveler and have a decent expense account, the Waldorf may be for you as the hotel seems to be really concentrating on large meeting and conferences, which with corperate sponsorship, would make more sense for some of the prices.The area itself is just about perfect if you want to be close to the action, but not RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE of it.A ten minute walk will get you to Times Square, which in my opinion is just an unkempt Disney-type property. Every piece of wall is covered with some sort of advertisement designed to catch your eye, and there are thousands of ads trying to out-do eachother to get you attention, so all together you look at everything and focus on nothing. Though it is quite the spectacle, Times Square epitomizes that universal image of NYC; almost overwhelming.Before you get to Times Square from the hotel you'll run in to Rockefeller Center. Top of the Rock is a must do. Beware of the creepy security guard at the top who REALLY seems to like to take pictures of couples kissing with the view of the city in the background.My wife and I couldn't stop laughing because he kept moaning &quot;yeah, yeah, kiss her again&quot;. Friendly guy though!Walk over a few blocks to the east of the hotel and there are several privately owned restaurants that won't hurt your wallet.We really liked Ristoranta Lazagna. Great specials and amazing Lazagna, especially for the price.We also enjoyed the Grayline Hop-on/off bus tours.If you walk into this the the mind set that you're going to get to see the city from a bit better view than what you would in a cab, you'll appreciate it a bit more. Don't expect much more aside from that.What more advice can I give you? Don't be afraid to eat off the street carts. Try the gyro guy a block west of Rockefeller Center. Try Ray's Pizza on 7th Ave btwn 53rd and 54th st. and have a slice.Try the original Grimaldi's Pizza in Brooklyn. Friendly staff and great pizza.Don't be afraid of the subway, It's very easy to learn the system, and most people will gladly help you find your way around.Try everything!!! It's New York City!!Last last bit of advice is to take comfortable shoes. In NYC you never realize how much you've walked until the end of the day. If you like to explore as we did, your feet will thank you if you leave the dress shoes in your suitcase and wear those walking shoes.	
May 22 2008 	This is how it is - Fantastic!	I stayed here for a girls trip in 2007 and loved it so much went back this year, little did we know the hotel could only be better than before! And no it didnt cost the earth at all, for 5 nights we paid less than £600 between us which for this hotel is amazing!On arrival we were dropped off at the underground section, somthing we hadn't had in 2007, we were met by a 'welcomer' to the hotel who greated us, had our bags taken to our room, walked us throught the hotel and checked us in while we sat and relaxed on the sofas. He came with us to the room, and after saying we would like a bigger one, just because our room in 2007 was slightly larger, he made a call and we were moved to a large suit and had strawberrys and bubbly arrive at our room as a welcome gift. Anything we wanted he looked after us. All other staff were amazing. My friend and i love the old world style of the hotel, the fact that all the furnature is not new and Ikea looking is what i want from the hotel, the grandure of it all makes you feel special,ALL the staff are amazing and the beds better than any i have ever slept in! We never dress up in the day and never feel out of place at all, never looked down on and only given respect by ALL the staff!On leaving the hotel in Jan we did have a slight issue, only minor with regards to our luggage as we left, i recieved an email from the hotel asking for my opinions on the hotel and detailed my minor issue. Within 3 days i had the director of the hotel on the phone to me in the UK to discuss the matter and express his regret...and this was only a tiny issue i raised!! He knew i was returning to the hotel in Feb and on my arrival, to my suprise, met me to further appologise, upgraded my room and when i checked out left a note to say on my next visit i would get another upgrade and a free night, so if you dont like something in the hotel tell them and they will do everything they can to make it better for you!! Oh and the welcomer from my visit in january spotted me in the hotel and welcomed me back, sent more bubbly to the room and gave us any info or help we needed....all the customers he would see but he remembered me and greated me by name! Thats the kind of personal touch i would never have expected in a hotel that size but it just shows the level of class with its employees. All staff from the door staff to housekeeping were fantastic and would do anything for you.I would not stay anywhere else in New York. Its location is amazing, the experiance is one of a kind and above all you feel safe within the hotel which is important in any city you stay in, more so when its two young women traveling alone.I am not a visitor to the hotel who as one reviewer wrote 'is on the billionaires list' but i am always given the attention from the staff that makes my stay more than i would expect. If you are going to New York please give this hotel a chance it will do nothing but make your trip more special.	
May 21 2008 	Beautiful and very pricey	First off, I have to say the reservations and billing department are fabulous when you contact them. They are very helpful, courteous, and patient with first time customers.The hotel is beautiful and located in a good area for sight seeing and transportation choices. The flowers in the reception area are incredible; you can smell them as you walk in the door.My friend and I could only afford a standard room. It was definitely standard. You must remember that this is an old hotel, and there will be flaws in your room. However, our room was very quite with no street noise whatsoever- which is a PLUS.The staff is very helpful and courteous.The restaurants and bars at the hotel are VERY expensive. We ordered martinis at $20 a piece. Needless to say, we only had one. There is a Starbucks tucked away downstairs. Better yet, we found a great deli a block a way.We will never stay here again because of the expense and we will opt for something more updated next time, but we are glad that we had the experience.	
May 20 2008 	World Class	I spent my entire life in the hotel industry, 22 years of that as a general manager for a large hotel chain. I have always wanted to stay at the Waldorf. I booked a girlfriends weekend there in March. I was not disappointed. The staff was first rate from beginning to end. The history of the hotel and it's &quot;presence&quot; were amazing. The room was enormous, especially for NYC. Maybe someday I will be able to return to this gem of a hotel... Don't hesitate to stay there and when you do, savor all of the history, people and amenities this hotel has to offer.	
May 15 2008 	Landmark hotel some issues	I booked my reservation through the hotel- there was a special discount which applied if you used a Visa card. Upon arrival we were greeted to a very crowded lobby. But hey this is NYC and what can you expect. The line moved quickly and we were able to check in. However the price I was quoted on the phone when I made my reservation was not the same upon check in (it was corrected) The staff at the front desk was excellent-polite efficient and no attitudes. When I booked the room I specifically asked if there was a fold out bed. I was told all suites had fold out beds. No such luck. They did bring up two cots which were provided at no charge(usually a 50.00 charge each). We stayed in a corner suite and the room was excellent. Couple of small issues- the furniture was dirty and could stand to be cleaned and even on the 13th floor the room was noisy. The concierges were useless, usually concierges in a NYC hotel are helpful and knowledgeable. And I expected the same from a large hotel like the Waldorf. I called about a week or so ahead of time to see if they had any pull at a particular restaurant and the concierge could not have been less helpful. To quote, &quot;Its not like they are holding any tables for us&quot; well no [--]. During our stay I asked one of the concierges about the address for Brooks Brothers and what the cross street was- no clue what Brooks Brothers was!! She aked me to spell it for her and then she had to google it-I eventually just walked away. Overall the staff at the hotel was great the exception being the dopey concierge staff.Also Bull and Bear drinks are outrageously expensive. I've been to NY many times but even I was a little surprised at 18.00 for a gin and tonic and 20.00 for a maritni. But the atmosphere is very NY and the bartender was excellent.I like the Waldorf- its busy but it is a landmark and the location is great.	
May 13 2008 	Wow what a place to start your trip	We have just returned from a holiday to New England and decided to start our trip with three nights in New York, so we thought where else than the Waldorf. We booked directly with the hotel, but then after visiting the Trip Advisor reviews we were more than a little worried by what we read. No need, we arrived at the Waldorf to be greeted by a delightful bell boy, who introduced himself and said if there was anything he could do, we only needed to ask. Check in was swift, and within 10 minutes we were in our room, which was delightful, lovely furnishings and bathroom everything we had hoped for. During our stay the concierge station was always helpful with theatre tickets and restaurants for dinner. They recommended a really nice Italian and the food was excellent. I can't praise this hotel enough, no wonder a lot of the staff are long standing. You can tell.	
May 13 2008 	Disappointing tired and overrated.	I know I am late in writing this, but as I have not received anyreply from the hotel in over a year after writing to them several times via email and completing their feedback form several times, I want to write about our experience. Hopefully they have renovated by now. This was supposed to have been a wonderful experience for our 30th wedding anniversary in the great Waldorf Astoria. We had saved up to go to New York for ages. We arrived jetlagged after more than 24 hours flying,late at night to a tiny room that greeted us with a massive stain on the carpet that had seen better days. The paint was peeling and the bathroom had make up all over the door and basin. I used the toilet and it got blocked, very blocked, so we called reception who said they would get a plumber. By this time, we were beside ourselves with tiredness. We asked if we could have another room to go to sleep and were told no as it should not be long. The room was like a sauna all night and we slept in by 30 minutes(having slept about 2 hours in all) so we missed the buffet breakfast that we had paid for months before. They said all they could offer us was coffee and sweet pastries. It was such a waste of money, hard earned money. I have stayed in better hotels here for 1/4 of the price. The most disappointing thing when I look back is that there were no apologies of any sort. Not even a simple reply to the numerous emails..... We love New York, but never again will we stay at the Waldorf Astoria.	
May 12 2008 	Loved the whole experience!	We stayed at the Waldorf for 4 nights in April, 2008. I had reviewed the comments on this site, and was skeptical but, we decided to go for it. We are so glad we did! It was absolutely everything we could hope. We had a two room suite which was better than what I expected. The rooms were very well decorated, with a large and updated bathroom. The lobby of course is exceptional, and it was great to just walk through it each day. We found the staff to be very professional and friendly. I can't quite understand comments from others about snobby attitudes. We experienced none of that , and found the opposite to be quite true. We ate lunch the first day at Oscar's waiting for our room to be ready (it was extremely busy that day) and at at the Bull and the Bear twice, because we enjoyed it so much the first time. We found the service in the restaurants beyond reproach. They even helped us not to over-order! Of coure, that type of attitude encouraged us to return on our last night, so the restaurant lost nothing in terms of money. On our last night, we had a window table and sat for hours enjoying the ambience. We certainly can't afford to stay there often, but, on our next trip to New York, we will definitely return to the Waldorf. We loved New York, can't wait to return, and the Waldorf helped make our stay all that it was.	
May 7 2008 	Thank God for Travel Points!	We spent 4 nights at the Waldorf Astoria (WA) in a suite on the 9th floor. We were using travel miles that had accumulated over 9 months time. This was my third trip to NYC, and we loved the WA's location. The lobby and its expanding hallways are magnificantly furnished. The entire place had that &quot;old money&quot; feel. Our checkin was quick, but we didn't have our confirmation page with us. We were told to provide it before we left or we would be charged $910 a day. We were not required to have bell service with our bags. We were given 4 free passes for a drink/Bull and Bear or for a breakfast/Oscar's. We took the drink tickets and headed down to the Bull and Bear. Our wine was $14 a glass. The three of us had dinner for a grand total of $333. Two of us had the filet for $50 each. It was terrific, but it could have been a smaller cut for less money. The lobster soup was first a dollop of lobster served in a bowl with garnish. The server then came back and poured the bisque into the bowl. Fabulous! We tried the waldorf salad, but it was basically a partial red and green apple slivered for $17? My friend had just had a birthday, so she picked up the tab as her celebration. One of us is a smoker so we were going down the elevator a lot at night to smoke at the ground level parking entrance. We wound up making friends with the valet staff. There is also a private entrance down there for upscale clientele. One night we saw Donatella Versace and her daughter, Allegra. Room Service: We didn't want to pay $8 for a small pot of coffee (3 cups) delivered to the room...plus a 15% gratuity and a $5.25 service charge. Instead we headed across the street/outside on 50th Street to Starbucks. $2.11 for a Grande/including tax. Later on we found out there was a Starbucks in WA, but their prices were higher. Suite: There were beautiful tapestry pillows and bed runners on the beds. The first time we returned to our room after being out all day, we found our beds turned down with the music playing at the IPOD station. We enjoyed the scented body lotion left for our use in the bathroom. The bathroom lacked a fan for ventilation. We kept joking about the price of what the WA charged for any kind of laundry service. $9 to wash a pair of panties?In the end, all we had to pay for was our internet service. It was well worth the visit.	
May 6 2008 	Friendly Waldorf	We have just returned from a 4 night stay which was booked as a surprise for my birthday. I found about the trip 2 days before we went, came straight on here to check it out and was apprehensive to say the least, after some of the reviews!Get the not so good out of the way first - our taxi was directed round the side, and no-one gave us directions to reception so we stumbled around for a while. One evening in the bar the barman looked a bit sniffy at our 15% tip on 2 drinks. And my parents had a problem with their room.Good bits - Fabulous lobby - very grand and beautiful. Every member of staff we had contact with was extremely friendly, polite and professional. We got some great advice on where to eat, and excellent help with everything we asked - cancelling a restaurant booking we had made elsewhere, directions, booking return flight seats - nothing was too much trouble!Our room was spacious, and we had a corner room, so 1 window that overlooked other room windows, and the other with a view down Park Avenue. Big TV, great radio / clock, and a really comfortable bed. There was a room service note to say they would change the sheets every 3 days unless we asked them to change more often, but they changed the linens every day anyway. Our bathroom was small, but looked like an original bathroom, which we thought was nice - it was small, but fine for 2 people. Good turndown service - bedside lights are turned on, and the radio is left on low so its almost like youre returning home. Maybe if I were to be picky I could say that the decor was a bit faded, but if we wanted sparkle and modern we would have stayed at the W or the Hyatt.MY parents twin room was large with a gorgeous bathroom, but they did have a problem, and when they spoke to reception they were immediately moved to a suite which was beautiful. Their problem was handled swiftly and professionally - perfect!We didnt find the hotel, the other guests,or the staff stuffy or snobby in the least. There were functions going on every day, and we just marvelled at the management that this took. It was lovely to see people all dressed up in their finery, and yet we didnt feel out of place at all. Some of the reviews had said you would be out of place if you werent dressed up in designer clothes at all times, but I dont see that - I saw people in jeans and trainers, flip flops, and shorts and t shirts just back from running, and no-one batted an eye. Some of the retaurants have a dress code, but thats to be expected, isn't it?!There is a starbucks just to the left of the main doors that opens at 6.30. If you are from the UK, and youre awake before then and need your coffee fix faster, go right out the main doors, turn right at the end and there is another Starbucks 50 yards down which opens earlier!Take a trip up to see the ballroom and the Starlight room - both are amazing!!	
May 6 2008 	Starbucks paper cups and snobby staff	What a beautiful Art Deco lobby! ... it seems to be one of the NYC top sights. Get a coffee from Starbucks located next to thePark Avenue entrance and sit down comfortably in the lobby and enjoy.Afterwards leave the paper cup somewhere, on the stairs for example.The staff is so snobby they won't even notice You (unless You are mentioned on the world's billionaires list), so no problem! ...and You have been able to enjoy the best W=A has to offer - for a reasonable price!There is no reason why You should stay at this hotel:as already mentioned the staff is snobbish and uninterested in serving a guest (however not at the bar!)During my five days stay at the hotelI didn't receive a single smile from a staff member.The rooms are very outdated and depressing. The overall room standard was surprisingly low - even at the higher room category (superior).A very modest turn down service occured every second evening.Bathroom toiletteries (mixed!) where changed once during my stay.In the bar, Sir Henry's, You can expect to find all a tired travelingsalesman needs after a long day (however even here the standard was surprisingly low!) ...and of course a good selection of liquors, as well.In brief: once You leave the lobby (although with those paper cups) there are no signs of a world known luxury hotel anywhere- at least not below the Waldorf Towers floors.	
May 5 2008 	Classic hotel but no 5-star	I very much looked forward to staying at the W=A given that I had heard that they had refurbished the hotel. The common areas, including the ballrooms have been cleaned up to reflect the original style (classic modern architecture) and, while not my style, they did a nice job. The rooms, however seemed to have been overlooked. Wallpaper seams were exposed in the room and bathrooms. Basic fixtures did not get replaced (i.e., toilet paper holder or smoke alarms that have a kahaki color that comes from plastic getting old) so they looked like a bad Motel 6. And, much of the furniture had clearly not been addressed (e.g., dings and scratches in the wood, backings coming off of the armoires, etc.). The staff was friendly and the food was great, so it is a good place to visit....especially from a historical perspective. But if you are looking for a 5-star hotel, suggest staying somewhere else.	
May 5 2008 	Glad I stayed will I will try somewhere else next time.	I really am glad I stayed, but next time I will stay in a newer hotel.Check in was easy and quick all the staff we came across were very friendly. I went to New York with my mum, sister, 2 children and husband. I stayed in a king size room which was bigger than the 2 x double bedroom. The beds were very comfortable.No kettle in the room but if you phone down for one they will bring one up for you, but no tea, coffee, milk or sugar you need to bring your own!! We had no view out side our window.Shampoo, conditioner, soap and body lotion and a hair dryer 2 x bath robes and towels are provided. The rooms do need redecorating, but it is what it is, a very old, well know hotel which every one should stay at! The lobby is very impressive and grand ,old money springs to mind. There are a lot of business and very well dressed people in the hotel I wish I had taken my nice clothes instead of causal sight seeing ones. The hotel is very well located 2 blocks from rockafella centre. we did not eat at the hotel, but at the restaurant in the Raddison hotel down the road.	
May 4 2008 	Great Hotel	3rd May 2008We have just returned from a week at the Waldrof Astoria, New York.What a fabulous place, without doubt it must be one of the best hotels of its kind in the world. Not a glass and modern minimalistic boring place, but one steeped in history and grandier that you don't find in many places today.When we arrived we were greeted with a very warm welcome from the receptionist, who didn't take long to go through all the details of the booking. Our room was a bit small for a weeks stay, but no problem ,we returned to reception to ask for a bigger room and although they couldn't do anything that day told us that after 3pm the following day they would have a superior room for us to view.After viewing the room we were very pleased indeed and took it straight away.We found all the hotel staff more than happy to answer any questions we asked,The room was cleaned every day and the bedding changed every other day, and turned back every evening. Yes you do find that the hotel is very busy with business people, but thats one of the things you have to put up with as these people and there companies are the ones that are probably keeping this hotel going.No, we didn't find them intimatating as we also saw how pleased some of the were to be in such a lovely hotel, and they to were taking photographs of the lobby and asking passing guests to take a photo of them in the hotel.Please except it as a pleasant experience as we did. How is wish we could go backAnn DaviesSwansea	
May 1 2008 	Classic New York Experience	My husband and I had always wanted to stay in NYC around the holidays so we cashed in some Hilton Honors points and stayed at the Waldorf. The building and lobby are beautiful and dramatic. The location can't be beat for all the mid-town touristy sites. However, the room decor could use some updating but was very richly decorated. We also didn't care much for the clientele - the Waldorf is not necessarily for those who want the best, it's for those who want everyone to know they spent the most. Though we are fairly well off for our age, I felt out of place for not wearing a full-length mink coat or a 10 carat Harry Winston diamond. The staff was also snobbish towards us for not being a member of the New York elite. New York is full of hotels - I'm sure there's another one that also has history and a great location minus the snobbery.	
Apr 30 2008 	Dissapointed	Arrived after a long weary flight to find a long line waiting the check-in, which seemed to take an age. The receptionist insisted in going through an extensive briefing (selling) on what was available at extra cost. The room we were assigned, at $514 per night, was not reflective of cost. It's a fine old establishment, but the service level needs review as I found out one evening trying to get a drink at the lobby bar, Sir Henry's, when the bar man informed me that he was extremely busy and asked if I wanted him to &quot;split himself in 3&quot; to get served. I alerted management who did not appear surprised that this had happened. I would recommend a visit, but stay somewhere else.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great Location Aging rooms	We stayed in Room 905 for one night 4/26/08. We received a free upgrade to a king room for $299 a night, but our room was not available until after 4pm. Not a huge problem, b/c we left our suitcases with porters and went sightseeing---until the next morning when housekeeping banged on our room door at 8:30am--how is it that the room is not ready until 4pm, but housekeeping starts before 9am?Room service arrived promptly and the portions were adequate.The bed was super comfortable and was turned down. We had a king bed, chair with ottoman, flat screen TV, walk in closet, desk and chair. All in all, it was the largest hotel room we have ever had in NYC. The decor is aging, the carpet was worn around the edges and the draperies were 1960s granny style.All service personnel are polite, welcoming, helpful and sincere. There was a Denzel Washington movie filming at the hotel, which meant that the Park Ave entrance was closed periodically, which made it difficult to hail cabs. The Starbucks is convenient, but a venti nonfat latte cost over $6, almost double the normal fee.We would probably stay at the Waldorf again due to the size of the room and the location, and would expect superior service but a dated room.	
Apr 26 2008 	visit but don't stay	secod time to the waldorf first time twenty years ago wish i had left it at that. reception looked very grand with all the christmas decorations up. staff lovely and very helpfull then we got to our suite reality set in, like visiting your grannys house that she has'nt decorated since the early seventies not grand antiques just plain cheap and nasty. great location and fab to tell people your staying at the waldorf but expect to be underwhelmed and you will not be dissapointed	
Apr 20 2008	5 Star Rip Off	I booked with a friend for a very special trip (significant birthday) and took one of their experience packages, which was the most truthful thing about the stay, it was an experience. Grubby suite, bed not made (just the sheets straightened, no comforter put on or pillows, but it did mean that they didn't need to do a turn down at night!). Draughty (the maintenance man came at 11pm and put gaffer tape around the windows to stop the draught). Two ancient TVs - why?? - tiny shower room in this suite for 4 (we were fortunately only two and no toiletries. Room not tidied or vaccuumed. The hotel was just faded. 2 concierge on duty for hundreds of people, long queues every day. Expensive, not worth it and I wouldn't bother, in fact I so wouldn't bother that they have given me one night in a 'luxury suite' and I am certainly 'not bothered' to return. Good if you want a Starbucks on site as they have one in the basement so you can sit on the stairs with your paper cup and eat a muffin out of a paper bag - nice.	
Apr 17 2008 	Mixed feelings about the Waldorf	Okay, after reading a few reviews on here prior to going, I had mixed emotions about what we were going to expect at the Waldorf.I, myself, am a Travel Agent within the UK so I have been trained to always go somewhere with an open mind.The check-in was speedy and perfect however it did go a little down hill from there.The room we were given was 'dated' and not what I'd expect at such a famous and well recommended hotel.As we were there for 'tourist 5-days' we always felt out of place within the hotel as it was mainly full of buisness people carrying briefcases and chatting loudly on their mobile phones in posh Armarni suits. We were (more than once) looked at like we smelled of dirty poo, even though we were dressed quite smartly.The bad thing is, is that I've booked the Waldorf to stay in for my wedding in May and it was too late to cancel it and find somewhere different.Fair enough, the hotel was in a very good location and if it wasnt for the dated room with a crap view and the nasty stares from the other guests then the stay would of been great.The bonus you have within the hotel is it has a Starbucks inside which is a must for the 'City that never sleeps'.Anyone needed any further info or for recommendations on other hotels in NYC, please feel free to contact me.	
Apr 17 2008	A good base in NYC	Considering what a huge hotel this is, service is remarkably efficient and personalized. Everything we needed or wanted was promptly provided. Our updated room had a nice view of St Barts. Other reviewers have talked about a lack of heat. This certainly was not our experience. Food and drink are not cheap, but considering this is a grand old hotel in New York what do you expect? All in all a good base from which to explore Manhattan	
Apr 16 2008 	Not 5 Star!!	Just Came back from a long weekend trip to USA. On the way back from a hotel conference in Las Vegas, we stopped in New York for 4 nights. In Vegas I stayed in The Venetian, stayed in a suite, and it was great as well as the rest of the hotel.When arriving to Waldorf Astoria, they did not have the room that i had requested. BUT they offered to upgrade me to a junior suite for only 100 USD extra per nnight, and i accepted this. When seeing the room i was very disappointed, not really any bigger than any normal hotel room, and in need of refurbishment. As it was late, and i had a dinner appointment that night, i did not have time to waiste complaining to reception. The following morning i was woken up very early by building work outside. This was confirmed by reception....who amazingly admitted they knew this when they upgraded me to this room.I was given another STANDARD room, now on the other side of the hotel. Very small....and I had to call reception again later that day as the water was stuck in my bath!On departure day we checked out before 10 am as we were told. We were offered to store our luggage till we had to leave for JFK. When arriving back in the afternoon to pick up my luggage, I was told to wait outside on Park Avenue where Taxis would be found, and they would bring out my luggage. Well!!!....after waiting 20 minutes, i asked the doorman if he could find out what happened with my luggage, so he went in to find &quot;investigate&quot;. As he never came back, after waiting another 15 minutes, i went in to the bell desk AND soon found out that nobody knew where my receip for luggage had gone missing!!!! and nobody came out to tell me....but instead i had to follow somebody down to the garage and luggage room to identify my luggage!!!Just to add to the story, my friend who also had attended the hotel conference in Vegas, also had to request a room change when we arrived to Waldorf Astoria.They might live on their name/brand, but not worth it!Lots of other great hotels in the area!!!E.S	
Apr 16 2008 	Ummmm...not sure	So, where do I start. First off, everyone should have the experience of staying at the waldorf at least once in their life. The lobby is AMAZING. I felt like a ultra rich person as I checked in.Now the average news....everyone who's written on this website so far is correct. There are good things and there are bad things.I paid for a mini-suite and wound up in a handicapped room with absolutely NO VIEW. It was the view of the inner core of the hotel. YUCK. No sun coming thru at all. Then waking up one morning to workers inside this &quot;core&quot; yelling all morning.It was 75 degress and no air conditioning. The next day it was 50 and no heat. I called and they said that they have no heat/ac at this time of year so they'd send somebody up to open the windows. YIPPEE! (sarcasm)I called the next day to complain that my room was not a mini-suite as promised. No sitting area's, just 2 double beds. They said they would move me, but I said, I just want some money back. I was in no mood to move. They wouldn't do it since I didn't pay thru their website. Instead, I got offered an upgrade on my next visit.The pro's:1) beds are wonderful2) the room was clean3) It was quiet (for the most part)4) It was not in the middle of times square. And there is something to be said about that.5) Beautiful lobby - elegantThe con's:1) disappointed in the suite I paid for (not as indicated on their website)2) No heating or AC3) Took 1 hour to get my luggage4) I arrived at 1 and didn't get into my room until 3:30 after standing in line 3 times5) Having to take the back route to my room due to events happening in the lobby6) The shower too forever to heat up and since it was a handicapped room, I felt like I was taking a shower in a large closet.Location was pretty good.I went to the bull and bear to have the famous Waldorf salad and it was about 3/4 cup of salad with 4 walnuts. I had 1 glass of wine and the salad and my bill was $35.I think I would rather book an event there than stay there.	
Apr 14 2008 	Fantastic Place - Will be going again.	We went on a five night stay to New York (First Time) we had no idea on what to expect. When we arrived underneath the hotel we where helped with the bags from a friendly porter, and directed to the lobby. The lobby itself was very very impressive! Booking in was a breeze with the amount of desks open and with smiling people standing behind them ,was a nice change from England with scowling people :)We had a room on the 13th floor the lifts are alot faster than in the UK i'm pretty sure, we got into the room to find the maid turning down the bed for us(nice touch). The room itself was very clean and tidy the bed was very very comfortable, the bathroom was spotlessly clean! Everywhere in the hotel was just impeccable, no matter where you looked there was cleaners busy!All the staff are excellent and very friendly, the concierge was excellent made our stay effortless as we'd ask for a good resturant and 5 minutes later it would be booked at whatever time we asked for.Location was very central so i couldnt have asked for more from the hotel and when I do go back to New York I know what hotel i'll be booking.New York is fantastic!	
Apr 14 2008 	Waldorf Astoria - OK if you're a "Pretty Woman"?	Myself and my friend stayed from 9th to 13th April 2008. This was a special trip for our 30th and 60th birthdays so I wanted somewhere we could both enjoy.First impression was it was a great location. Out taxi pulled up at the grand entrance and was then asked to move to a different entrance not once but twice. So at the third attempt we were directed through the scaffolding at the side of the building (now affectionately known as the tradesmans' entrance!) and up to reception where we were advised room was not ready but hey took our mobile and said they would call when it was...no call but we did not mind as we took a great carriage ride around Central Park instead ($34 for 2 of us plus tip)Check in was smooth and girl was very pleasant. Our room (1609) was better than expected having read some reviews prior to departure. It was spacious enough for the 2 of us, although bathroom was a tad small although perfectly serviceable! Plenty of towels and 2 robes provided. Only negative was the shower took ages to get the hot water to come through (they did do some repairs one day so may have been fixing it then?)Using the tradesmans' entrance was to become a regular thing...on 3 separate occasions we were advised that we could not use the front entrance as there were events taking place and they obviously did not want us common folk getting in the way! This got a bit annoying after a while!!One night when it was late and raining we returned...wet and minus our umbrella! We were ignored by the doorman so he could run down the road to the aid of what could only be described as a &quot;pretty woman&quot; character! (incidentally already carrying her own umbrella!!!) It was a quite a picture which will not be forgotten quickly...next time I go I must wear at least Prada/Cartier to get any kind of attention and carry my Amex card of course!!Overall we had a great stay tho' . ideal location, comfortable room and we got a good deal via Greenbee!	
Apr 12 2008 	The Wonderful Waldorf....	We stayed at the Hotel to enjoy the history of the Waldorf and it's old world charm. Found the room w/ a Queen bed to be on the small side with an outdated 26' TV set in a large armoire.The staff was very professional and helpful, especially the doormen hailing us a taxi and giving us city tips.Enjoyed dinner at the Bull and Bear restaurant, although overpriced and somewhat darkly lit.You must stay at the Waldorf at least once in this short life.Paul H. - Irvine, CA	
Apr 9 2008 	Old Titanic	I stayed at the Waldorf in March for two nights. I had the opportunity to stay in several high end hotels and I can tell you that I was not impressed. I realized it's NYC and prices are higher but really folks, 20.00 for two eggs any style in the Peacock restaurant for breakfast? Twelve dollars for a bowl of oatmeal (not that we ordered that) Check out the menu on their website, your eyes will roll back in your head. Ok down to the nitty gritty, the room, 17th floor average size and just plain ugly old yellow and brown decor, with a huge armoure that takes up too much room and an old 27 inch regular TV. The beds were terribly uncomfortable, the bedding scratchy white hotel sheets with a 200 lb bed spread that looked like it belonged on one of the beds on the Titanic and flat pillows. The only modern device in the room was the alarm clock that allowed for an Ipod. I could not regulate the heat, it was very hot, the bathroom was really small and there was no exhaust fan. It took 2 minutes before the water came out of the faucet in the tub and then it took at least 8 minutes before any hot water came out. The curtains, again very Titanic and white sheers that looked so dingy I wondered if there had been a fire. The desk is way to small to do any work on. Don't ever book a room that is near the elevator because all you will hear all night is the sound of a 747 taking off down the runway. The website doesn't tell you that there is a Starbucks down stairs. And it does not tell you that it costs 50.00 a day to park your car and an additional 10.00 if you have an SUV. I paid 120.00 bucks for two days OUCH! The lobby is very &quot;grand&quot; and dark, again like an old ship. I will say that when I checked in I found the staff to be very friendly, including the bellmen, the doorman and any man or woman that worked there. Here's a cool fact that the man who checked me in told me when I had advised him that my father stayed there in 1950 for his honeymoon, he asked if he still had that bill? Then went on to tell me if he still had the bill and wanted to stay there, that the Waldorf would honor that price he paid in 1950. If you are going to have to stay in a hotel, don't you want to have the same amenities or even better amenties that you do at home? I suppose if you are a history buff, you might love it	
Apr 6 2008 	Earplugs are provided!	My wife and I came to the Waldorf Astoria to attend a meeting of my old alma mater. We were given a room by the elevators which was not properly insulated for noise. Cars going up and down all night made it difficult for us to sleep. When we reported the incident, we were offered ear plugs!The following day, when we insisted that we would like to have a good night sleep, one of the managers, Mark, who had offered the plugs in the first place, suggested that we move to another room, but at twice the price! When we expressed dissatisfaction with this option, we were promised an alternative room, which would be ready in a matter of minutes. We left a cell phone number where we would be called. Five hours later, we had not been contacted. Before attending a show at the Waldorf Towers, we complained to Vivian, a kind person at the reception, who spoke to another manager, reassuring us that there would be a room available but that it would take a couple of hours to be cleaned. When we returned two hours later, as requested, we were asked to talk with yet another manager, Elena Oxford. She informed us, as kindly as she could, that there were no rooms available at that time. It was 11:00 PM then. We asked to be moved to another hotel. We were offered The San Carlos, a few blocks away. After several new phone interactions with Elena, who was always very professional and polite, we were shown yet another room at the Waldorf Astoria, but that now had constant noise from the street!By midnight, when we were ready to change hotels, we were offered another room, on a higher floor, and far from the elevators. At long last, we could get some quiet time. This was a perfect example of a lesson I received from one of my old tutors at university: when a place has a good reputation, I does not deserve it anymore!	
Apr 5 2008 	Elegance and Service with a great location!	My husband took me to New York City to celebrate my 40th birthday. We spent two nights in the Waldorf-Astoria. This hotel embodies old word elegance and charm. I felt like I was in the middle of an old Hollywood movie from the moment I walked into the impressive lobby. This sprawling hotel is also quite luxurious with plush carpets and swag draperies. A bellman greeted our cab as we pulled up to the hotel and our luggage was whisked away by very efficient porters. At check in, we learned that our room probably wouldn't be ready until about 3:00 p.m. The front desk clerk took my husband's cell phone number and said that he would give us a personal call when our room was ready. After receiving the call that our room was ready, we took a ride in the elevator to the 15th floor where our room was located. I must admit, after reading some of the trip reviews posted here, I was a little nervous and scared that I would find mold in the bathroom, peeling wallpaper, or dirty furniture. Thank goodness I did not find any of these things. Instead, we walked down a private corridor to our room and were greeted with a very elegant and clean bedroom. The main room had a King sized bed, a plush chair, a desk and chair, nightstands and an armoire with a large flat screen T.V. on top. Off of the bedroom was a dressing room with another plush chair, a small table, two mirrored his and her wardrobe closets, and a vanity area with stool. The bathroom had French doors and was done in black and tan. There were lots of nice details such as silver waste baskets, a silver tissue holder, complimentary magazines relevant to the NYC area, and plush robes. The molding and light fixtures were very pretty and added character to the room.Shortly after settling into our room there was knock on the door. Because it was my birthday, the hotel sent up a birthday card and a silver tray complete with fresh fruit, a small loaf cake, and a large bottle of Spring water. It was services like this that made our stay so unforgettable.We ate in Peacock Alley and Oscar's while we were there. I ordered a steak in the Peacock Alley and was disappointed to find that it was full of fat and quite tough. The service in the restaurant was top notch and the waiter quickly noticed my distress. The manager came over and said that we would not be charged for my entree and would I like the chef to grill me another steak? They also provided my husband and I with complimentary flutes of champagne in honor of my birthday. My husband was very pleased with his meal and gave it a thumb's up. Since the service was so wonderful, the unfortunate steak incident was quickly forgotten.We had breakfast both mornings in Oscars. They offer a decent breakfast buffet which was complimentary to us since my husband in a Hilton Diamond member.The location of this hotel is very nice. Walk two blocks and you are right at Saks Fifth Avenue and across the street from Rockefeller Center. You are within walking distance of Central Park, great shopping on and off Fifth Avenue (including Bloomingdales), and Times Square. Cab service was very easy to catch from the front of the hotel. The hotel assists guests with finding a cab. The bellman always opened the door when the cab pulled back up to the hotel which gives you a nice &quot;welcome home&quot; feeling.One thing I did find strange was that the conditioner, soaps, and moisturizer were all from the same English brand but the shampoo was Neutrogena. They did not refill the soaps or shampoo between cleanings of the room.We did enjoy the turn down service each night because they also pulled down all the window shades and closed the curtains. We did not find the room to be too noisy considering that we were staying in such a central section of the city.	
Apr 5 2008 	Famous hotel but a little dated	The Waldorf does live up to its reputation, although in parts, it is becoming rather dated.The staff were the friendliest and most helpful I have met in a hotel to date. The lobby area is very exclusive, and shows why the Waldorf has the reputation it has. The room was very good, and the decor reflected the upmarket nature of the hotel, however, the bathroom was dated, and the carpet was showing signs of wear. The shower head also looked cheap and It would not stay up on its own.The elevators/lifts also took a long time to arrive at the floor (though they arrive quickly in the lobby). On one occasion, we waited 10 minutes, then decided to take the stairs instead from the 9th floor.	
Apr 3 2008 	Great stay at the Waldorf	We wanted a hotel for a seven-day New York experience and chose the Waldorf for its name,and despite seeing some indifferent reviews on this site.We need not have worried; the stay was great. The service from the hotel was absolutely first class, and the rooms (on the cheapest tariff) were spacious and well maintained.We even stayed for breakfast every day- something we had not planned to do- as we found the buffet so good.Another bonus was the ease with which we could access city attractions, as we were easily within walking distance of Times Square, Broadway, MOMA and Cental Park.A super holiday at a super hotel!	
Apr 3 2008 	Fabulous Waldorf	We stayed here for 3 nights over the last weekend in March and had a fantastic time. The photographs do not do justice to the real thing. It is old fashioned but absolutley fabulous. The service is second to none and the best my sister has experienced and she has stayed in other hotels in New York over a dozen times over the years. We paid a bit extra for a superior room but got a good discount. The room was very large with 2 king size beds and a walk in wardrobe and beautiful marble bathroom. You will be bowled over by the architecture and stunning flower displays. The rooms do not have tea and coffe making facilites but there is a Starbucks in the main entrance that we used.A good tip if you havent been to NYC before is to take advice from the concierge with regard to restaurants as some look decidely ropey from the outside but fantastic when you get in. We had great meals in Little Italy and China Town. We also booked Empire State building on the internet and got a far better deal than if we paid on the day (plus you can jump the queue) We went to BB Kings for brunch on Sunday with the Harlem Gospel singers and had a great time. This was also booked online as all the shows at BB Kings were sold out for the 4 days we were there. The pace in New York is frantic and all the people we met were friendly and helpful without exception. The key is to plan what you want to do but be flexible according to the weather. Tickets you buy online are not date and time specified which allows you to make the most of good weather and shop when bad weather! Best times to visit attractions seem to be early before 9am or after 6pm. We visited Top of the Rock at 11pm and it was deserted - fantastic!	
Apr 2 2008 	Loved The W=A!!!	My husband and I went to New York last month for the very first time. We booked our trip on Expedia and were so excited to stay at the Waldorf since it's such a landmark hotel. After reading some mixed reviews on tripadvisor, I emailed the concierge to ask if my husband and I could be upgraded to a recently renovated room during our stay. I got a prompt email from the head of guest services indicating that he put our request through. We were not disappointed when we checked into our room. Our room was lovely, w/a flat screen t.v., king sized bed, 2 windows (one facing Park Ave.), nice black &amp; white tiled marble and new fixtures, etc. But the room was just the beginning of our wonderful stay there. From the moment we checked in to the moment we left, the service from everyone from the reception, bell desk, doormen, maids, to every other W=A staff person we encountered was impeccable. Which was very impressive considering that we are in no way people of elite status or means. Everyone is (I hope) treated with equal amount of respect and quality service. Wonderful experience.	
Apr 2 2008	Beautiful	We stayed here as I love the film Coming to America and it's where the king stayed!! I did not expect great things as the reviews weren' t great. I was pleasantly surprised as we were upgraded to a suite with a dressing room living room and kitchen. Room service was expensive but well presented. Try the sunday morning brunch it's to die for. Great Location good for a treat.	
Apr 2 2008	Nice but overpriced.	I didn't think the rooms were anything special. Classic old money New York. There are a lot of more exciting places to stay.I ate dinner at the steakhouse and my steak was poorly cooked and lacking flavorWith all of that said, the history of the hotel is amazing and everyone should stay at the Waldorf at least once in their lifetime	
Apr 2 2008 	At the Waldorf.... March 24-26	I really wanted to love the Waldorf. I had set my expectations accordingly i.e. low, changed in a few large bills for smaller bills to tip everyone we came across and I had even made sure not to wear blue jeans at the Waldorf=Astoria so I could take in the historic hotel and feel one with my environment.Unfortunately after the front desk, service pretty much went down hill. I remember Lauren checked us in and she was quite nice giving us the option of two rooms to choose from and even supplied us with a map of NYC, complimentary water and a verbal overview of the hotels restaurants. The room (1727) was nice enough, pretty clean and I could find almost no fault with the room, loads of hot water, working quiet heater, no inside or outside noise. The lotion that the staff leaves from FRESH is top-notch.Unfortunately at the Waldorf apparently the doormen are too busy doing other things (standing around looking Waldorf=Astoriaish) to hold open doors.At the Waldorf bell hops are too busy (talking about other guests broken luggage) to take your bags and just leave you standing around feeling foolish in front of the hellhop desk.At the Waldorf cleaning staff never fully make your bed, but instead leave the bedspread and shams folded in the room on the luggage rack for your entire two night stay. At the Waldorf's Bull and Bear Restaurant where one soda, one drink and dessert run $50 the staff is far too busy to provide your table with a table cloth or service of any kind.At the Waldorf you will be left to fight off black town cars sent over by the staff to take you to the airport. The WA even has a sign inside suggesting you only take yellow checker cabs, so why an employee would send a black town car over to it's guests is beyond me.If you want to stay here, you are going to do it no matter what you read. It's not horrible, but I just say make sure you know why you want to stay here and that it's not because you think you're going to have some super four star treatment by the staff of the Waldorf=Astoria.	
Mar 31 2008 	Great stay in great city	Although the hotel itself is old, the room we had was recently remodeled &amp; better than expected. Flat screen tv, updated bathroom, and larger than most NY rooms. Friends stayed on another floor and their room decor was older, not recently updated, yet larger than our room, no flat screen tv, but a huge dressing room and large marble bathroom. The hotel staff was friendly, turndown service was great as was doormen &amp; bell desk. The hotel sundry store is lacking, but there's other DR drugstores nearby or street corner vendors for a cheaper drink/snack. The lobby is beautifully decorated. Location is great for shopping in midtown, 5th Ave, walking to Time Square, theatre district, and MoMa. I will stay here again. Room Service &amp; restaurants are expensive, but exptected in this area &amp; this hotel. Quality is good.	
Mar 31 2008 	Wonderful Experience	My wife and i have stayed here twice. Each time was truly a great experience. The staff was friendly, helpful, and went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable . Room was superb, food was top notch, and ambience was unbeatable. We have booked 5 more stays here for next winter.	
Mar 31 2008 	Perfect New York Hotel	After being surprised for with a Christmas present of a fully booked trip to New York, I was straight onto tripadvisor to check out the Waldorf but slightly worried after reading the reviews. When I arrived at the hotel everything from the bell boy taking our luggage, to the amazing lobby, right up to our huge room, they all far exceeded my expectations. The Waldorf Astoria a hotel of movies. Old World New York has been sadly mistaken in previous reivews for shabby and it is far from this. IT IS OLD WORLD, the New York style that Sinatra and co would have known. They have kept the hotel true to its original style. The amazing main foyer is something to experience, treat yourself to cocktails accompaniend by free nibbles of olives or fancied up bread sticks and music by the house piano player. Admire the supersized flower display like none I have ever seen before and people watch, see the real new yorker have meetings here.Our room was amazing, we paid for the grade above standard and were amazed at the sheer size of the room. There was a massive super king bed, 2 walk in wardrobes. THe bed was incredably comfortable and there was a turndown service every evening. We got engaged while we were there and the hotel were aware of this, we arrived back that evening to find a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries with a card from the hotel. The hotel is in a great location, you are in walking distance of lots of major attractions and some bus tours stop right outside the hotel.Definately would go back.	
Mar 28 2008	Shocking Hotel. Good Stay.	I stayed in a quadruple room (two double beds) on the 9th floor of the Waldorf for 6 nights in March. Check in was fast and courteous. The Receptionist wasn't overly friendly or interested in us but that suited us quite well as we just wanted to get to our room. We'd had a long and bumpy flight and been terrorised by the rudest little man I've ever met at immigration in JFK.Anyway. The room was a good size, very clean and comfortable. I had been worried by previous reviews mentioning the shabby decor but although it did look a little tired and dated in places the wonderful comfortable beds, walk in closet and fluffy towels made up for that. The bathroom was also slightly dated but the shower was great and the toiletries were replenished daily. There was a good hairdryer in the room and an iron with ironing board. The only things missing were tea and coffee making facilities. I know Americans don't drink much tea but this was an international hotel and I go a bit mad without my tea.The staff were helpful and polite and I did feel a little bit special despite it being such a large hotel. This was very welcome because outside of the hotel almost all the New Yorkers I met were very rude - something I found gobsmacking in a city where the world and his wife wants a tip for their &quot;good&quot; service.I only had two real problems with the hotel. Firstly, the lighting in the bathroom was somehow rigged to make you look like you'd been dead 4 weeks - or feel like you wish you'd been dead 4 weeks. I've never felt so ugly! Secondly, the entire hotel gives out electric shocks constantly and is filled with the sight of people leaping back from light switches and elevator doors. It did make us laugh at first but when you've had your 9th shock of the day and start debating with your friends who is going to draw the short straw and have to touch a door nob then it gets a little bit irritating. However, these are minor points and if you can get a good price via the internet then I recommend the Waldorf because of it's location, cleanliness and peace (the lobby is often very busy but once upstairs in our room we never heard a sound from another room or from outside). I wouldn't pay the full prices asked for if you book directly.We didn't eat in any of the restaurants as we'd heard they were expensive but did enjoy some ultra strong but wonderful cocktails in the lobby one afternoon. You can sit and guzzle them while listening to piano music and watching the world walk by - very nice.I liked this hotel and loved the bed which I could have lived in quite happily!	
Mar 27 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed for 5 nights in a great corner room with twin beds (3 persons) No heating in bathroom, but otherwise very good. Very good service all over hotel, but also very expensive bars and restaurants. Eat outside for breakfast : &quot;Burger Heaven&quot; on 49th, and great thin Italian pizza at &quot;Angelos&quot; 2 av., or at &quot;Dockers&quot; in the neigbourhood.The atmosphere is worth everything at this great hotel.	
