	location is everything	i will agree with some of the earlier posts ,The decor does look slightly tired ,It could possibly do with a facelift ,BUT the location is superb ,the view of central park is spectacular,the subway is 2 minutes away ,as are 5th and 6th avenue.times square is 15 minutes walk as are the rockefeller centre and empire state building .A great alternative if you cannot afford the Plaza ,Ritz or Trump ,overall good value for money.	
Nov 22 2009 	Poor versus the competition	New York has so many good hotels - this is not one of them. The basic fabric is tired; the hotel feels like it is ready for a major renovation. On top of this my room was just plan dirty.By far the worst aspect is the staff and the service. Tired, disinterested,poor standards and with all the worst aspects of American service culture. For example - it took me ten calls to get someone to come to collect my shoes and get them clenaed. Passed between operator, concierge and housekeping - zero interest in getting it done. Eventually someone came and when he returned the shoes I gave him $10. He then said 'the hotel carges $10 for this service&quot; but had no bill for me to pay; so he pocketed that too.The food is ok - but breakfast was delivered without items that I had ordered...I didn't bother complaining. The person who delivered it stood, quite intrusively, waiting for a tip and left whining.I had to leave the hotel at 5am to catch an 8 am flight. In the rush I left a white shirt on the floor with cufflinks in. Entirely my fault. Did the hotel call or mail me? No. I have now called twice but still no joy. To me that's theft, and it would never happen at a Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton. Incidently, the Ritz is 20 metres away - so, if you feel you have to stay in this location, go there.As said - extremely poor.	
Nov 20 2009 	Beautiful view of Central park Great Location that's it	Besides the location, nothing much more positive. Very overpriced, rooms are average, everything costs extra, bathrooms need an imploding. Invite me back when the hotel has had a major refurbishing.	
Nov 15 2009 	Lovely hotel in great location opposite Central Park	This is a lovely Hotel opposite Central Park. At first we were put in a room overlooking a grotty alley way (L7 or L9) but after a few words with the manager we were offered a room on L35 with a lovely cityview. It was a smaller bed but the furnishings were much nicer. The lower room had dark furniture that was in a bad state or repair and the view was almost as bad as a Hong Kong room! However the new room was great and very comfy. We stayed 6 nights and the hotel met out expectations. Great location and a nice boutique styled hotel. It was pricey but so are all NY hotels. I am fussy but this was great. I had read about rats and other nasty staff etc in many reviews but this hotel was really a blessing. Thanks.	
Nov 7 2009 	Filthy and dated	The drinking glasses in the bathroom had crust in the corners of them, the grout was dirty, one of my towels had something red and crusty on it and another towel had a six-inch rip down the middle, the underside of the bedspread had a number of stains, the wallpaper was ripped in the bedroom and peeling in the bathroom, and the toilet wouldn't stop running. On top of that, the bed was hard and the decor was from the '80s. Not worth the money!	
Oct 30 2009 	dated accomodations less value for the dollar ?	It is a very privileged location with an amazing view from Central Park South, therefore no doubts about the wonderful landscape and the beautiful people around it, but for the rate, it ranges from the 700's through the 500's a night, you could be better off on the same street strip, at the incomparable Jumeirah Essex, or Trump Int'l., around the corner of Columbus circle.Ok, we know they are under renovation, so they should be offering more attractive rates for guests accepting to live with that &quot;Vintage atmosphere&quot; in the old rooms. They could be adding some more value for your dollar. It is a &quot;must&quot; for NYC 'old timers (like lots of the Brazilian friends we have met there) that loves flashbacks....a &quot;revival&quot; when this was one of the few sophisticated addresses in the City; today the carpets are worn out, some a little dirty, the furniture was great in the 70's and 80's, the headboards are loose, the air conditioning is noisy and some simply do not work, like the one in the room we had slept on the 12th.floor...before moving to our original room reservation. The front desk, door men and bell captains, works fine and corteous. Responsive reception staff and correct service; but you can certainly do more for your dollar in NYC luxury scene.	
Oct 28 2009 	Average Hotel in nice location	Average Hotel in nice location, with view to the Central Park.Easy access to the 5th Avenue	
Oct 27 2009 	Great location room better than expected	My boyfriend’s work booked this hotel and I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews and looking at some of the photos. The hotel was better than I expected, though it is dated. First of all, the location on Central Park South is excellent. Besides the vicinity to Central Park, there is a subway station (N,R lines) a few feet away. Fifth Avenue is right around the corner.We did not have a park view room, but the view was fine and we weren’t in the room much anyway. From the photos, the park views look to be nice. We had a king bed room and the bed was comfortable. The bed didn’t have a comforter, though, which was odd. There was also no fitted sheet, but had a flat sheet tucked under the bed. From looking at other’s travelers’ photos, I’m actually glad there was no comforter/bed spread. They look pretty old. There was central air which I prefer to box unit air conditioners. There was a flat screen TV on the wall and the room itself was spacious enough for 2 people by NYC standards.The bathroom is a bit dated and needs some work. The tub/shower needs to be regrouted, but appeared to be clean. Our cold water handle was stuck in the shower and I couldn’t move it. Boyfriend was able to turn it, but barely and with a lot of difficulty. The shower also didn’t drain well and you stood in a puddle of water while showering. However, I did let the hotel know about these two issues and they did send someone to fix the shower and those problems were resolved. The fuse also blew on two different occasions while I was blow drying my hair. They fixed this quickly on both occasions. The towels were nice, big and fluffy. There was turn-down service nightly which was nice. There was also a small refrigerator in the bathroom which was nice for keeping waters cold.They were doing some renovation work while there. You could hear the work going on on weekdays starting at 9am. There was a note in the room saying work would be done during work hours. Most tourists are out during those hours anyway I suppose. We did want to sleep in a bit on our last morning, but not a big deal. Would I stay here again? Maybe – only if I got a great rate. If they did some minor re-modeling the hotel could be great, but then again the prices would rise as well.	
Oct 26 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	My husband and I stayed for nights in October. I was a bit skeptical after reading many reviews. We were pleasantly surprised when we checked in. The receptionist couldn't have been nicer and we loved our room (14th floor junior suite with park view). We loved the elegance of this hotel and the staff was very helpful. Wonderful location. Would recommend the Helmsley Park Lane to anyone for its location, amentities and great staff, from the doormen on. Thanks for a great stay.csutton	
Oct 24 2009 	Great location hotel is outdated Conceirge should be fired	This hotel on Central Park South is ideal for walking to major sites in Manhattan. The location cannot be beat! We walked to ABC studios, Columbus Circle, the Frik Museum, 5th Avenue, etc. Whole Foods inthe LL of Columbus Circle is great for picking up groceries.The hotel has outdated furnishings. Beds were the worst! My colleagues all mentioned this at dinner one night, and we were all in agreement. For a business traveler, the desk and chair are not conducive to working for long periods of time. Housekeeping was ok.The front desk staff was very helpful to me. The conceirge on the other hand should be fired. He was not welcoming or helpful at all. Do your own homework, make your own reservations and you'll be better off.If you go out the back door (and turn right), there is a very nice and inexpensive (for NYC standards) spa. Had my nails done before a night out, and it was very clean. Don't remember the name, but go out the back door turn right, and you can't miss it.	
Oct 21 2009 	This Place is Pretty Bad	Ok. I've never done this before. I feel compelled to write about how bad this hotel is because my stay was awful. First, I travel a lot and have stayed at a wide variety of hotels - from rooms going for $1,200 a night to rooms going for $20 a night. I like to think of myself as a good judge of hotels. The Helmsley Park Lane was really really really bad. If it wasn't for the perfect location and a staff that is accommodating - recognizing the Hotel's shortcomings - it would be downright awful.The RoomsVery dated decor if you care about that. Hair all over the bathroom. Half eaten snacks in the minibar area. The beds were hard as rocks with springs popping out of them. It was an unusally hot day in October but the room I was in had no air condition. The room temperature reached 80 degrees. The towels were flithy. I was at the Hotel for three nights. I had dinner with colleagues who stayed at the hotel as well and shared my sentiments and encouraged me to switch rooms. The staff allowed me to do so and was very accommodating but the new room as just as bad. It was dirty and dated and had an awful bed. Oh by the way, my one colleague said she opened her window and there were dirty socks (not her's) on the floor. The rooms reminded me of one of those hotels you would see on Dateline NBC when they're investigating flithy places to stay.The AmenitiesThe rooms had no entertainment system for movies, if you like that. The lobby has no bathrooms. The lobby has no ATM. The gym was a joke. The conference rooms were small and cramped and had problems regulating the temperature (too cold then too hot)The LocationIt's right next to Central Park on the corner of 5th Avenue with beautiful shops nearby. the Ritz is right next door and similarly priced - boy did I wish I knew that in advance. Everytime I walked by I felt like the doormen at the Ritz were laughing at us for staying at this dump while paying the same or more money. Regardless, the location was perfect. But I can park a trash truck on 5th Avenue and that doesn't mean I want to sleep in it.The ServersThe Servers were very nice (some cute too). They realized that the hotel is dated and needs a major major renovation. I needed to extend my late check out because of client commtiment and the front desk took care of it. My room was so bad that I asked to change and the front desk accommodated my request. The people at the door would hail cabs and were friendly (regardless of whether the person tipped (I did)). The Park Lane better be glad it has competent staff that tries desparately to make up for the Hotel's shortcommings. * * *In all, I think people stay at a hotel for comfort, cost and convenience. The Hotel was not comfortable. It cost way too much particularly since the hotel rooms were so bad. But, admittedly, the hotel was conveniently located near a lot of attractions.	
Oct 21 2009 	Fantastic location and beautiful hotel!	Best location in NYC!! Right across the road from Central Park, a short walk away from Times Square, hop and a skip away from very convenient subway stops! Stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane on my first trip to New York in June 08 - sensational hotel with a beautiful lobby and friendly check in. Double room was large and beautifully decorated, it was very palatial and elegant. Room and bathroom were spotless and bed was extremely comfortable! Don't go to NYC without a good map and guidebook! Stay at least a week and make sure to see a play on or off broadway. Really enjoyed our time here - would definitely visit again!	
Oct 17 2009 	Not perfect but very close.	I have traveled to New york for many many years on both pleasure and business staying at a variety of hotels throughout the city icluding the Plaza, Ritz Carlton, Wladorf Toers, etc. A few years ago my wife and I happened to get a good deal and stayed at the Park Lane. We have stayed no where else since. First the hotel is a very manageable size. You don't feel like you're in Grand Central Station. Second, the location is unbeatable. Short walks to the east or west sides and great walks through the park. Third, several good resteraunts wihin a short walking distance for all levels of dining. Fourth service that is personable and WILL respond to special requests such as getting expedited room service if needed. Finally, a staff that is guest centric. We are greeted when we enter and exit the hotel and called by our last name.Last fall I has surgery at Sloan Kettering and chose to stay in the city at the Park Lane for my post op recovery. The Park Lane did everything to make that stay as comfortable as possible.To those who found their stay unpleasant a few suggestiuons1. If you get an unclean room either have housekeping come immediately or ask for a room change. Ask the manager. They will accomodate.2. For a room too close to the street where the noise is problamatec, ask for a higher room The Park Lane is over 40 stories tall. While the city view rooms are not as appealing as the Park view rooms for the view, they are much quiter as 58th street is much less busy that 59th.Finally, if you are uncertain ASK TO SEE THE ROOM BEFORE CHECKING IN!As you can tell, we very much like this hotel. I would and do recommend it to everyone.	
Oct 16 2009 	Filthiest hotel - needs to be renovated	This hotel is undoubtedly the dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed at anywhere in the world and needs a major facelift - if cleanliness matters then DO NOT STAY HERE. I moved from the first room which had broken curtains, a cracked bath and a thick film of dirt over the mini bar (M&amp;M's, water etc on the desk) that was beyond disgusting. The second room was no better, other than the size of it. I don't think the room had been dusted or vacuumed in months. The bare minimum was done making up the room and bathroom.The only thing this hotel has going for it is its location.	
Oct 13 2009 	Extremely dated	Dirty, dated, dreary avoid like the plague.How the hell Virgin can rate this as a 4.5 V hotel is beyond me, clearly they haven't stayed here	
Oct 9 2009 	Unacceptable	Our room looks like it was last decorated over twenty years ago. There are far better and cheaper places to stay in the city. I would never recommend this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Best location a pleasant hotel	For the second time I stay at Park Lane, specially because of the location. Next door is the subway station. Across the street is the Central Park. Next corner is the 5th ave. Few blocks away is the Metropolitan Opera, Times Square, Broadway theater. The view from the room is one of the best I have ever seen (not the best because the window does not open). About the hotel, it is clean, towels are big enough, slippers and bathrobes are soft, beds are very comfortable and tv works fine. Furnitures are as stylish as they look old - rooms are very stylish. Air conditioner does not work as it should - this is my only concern and I hope they fix it. And to complete the stay, concierge Anthony helped us with the reservations. We got the best tables in wonderful restaurants for the same day or next day. If the says a restaurant is worth having dinner, I trust. And he makes the reservation, no matter the difficulty. The breakfast is good - food is not so appealing, there is a very small buffet, but the ambient and the view are great and the staff is incredible friendly.	
Sep 30 2009 	Comfortable Hotel in excellent location for all sights	No difficulty refusing the $15 a day internet charge. We declined the $50 a day upgrade to a park view and had an uninspiring view of the backs of buildings, but we were out most of the day. Room larger that expected and very ornate. Large bath and good shower with very nice bathrobes - we didn't use the bath towels at all during stay. Air conditioning a little noisy. No ice machines but when we enquired, we were sent a bucket of ice without charge. Concierge very helpful. Location is opposite Central Park and just yards from a Subway Station.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good location reasonable prices	Perfect location for a first timer in NYC. Can go many places by foot. Prices are good for that location, cuz it's a hot spot. Compared to the next next door neighbor, the Ritz and its very high prices, the prices are more reasonable and it's comfortable as that one. Hotel's decoration is aged but it's a good hotel anyway. See the location, forget the rest. Have a park view room if you can.	
Sep 15 2009 	A dump.	Dear Mr. Zahran,zackzahran@helmslehotels.comMy husband and I were very disappointed guests of the Park Lane hotel on the night of Thursday August 20th. We stayed in room 3612. I've attached some photos that I took of the condition of the room. The plaster/paint on the ceiling and all around the window was cracked and peeling. The condition of the furniture was horrible. When we arrived there was a ring around the toilet. It remained when we left. There is no convenient outlet for plugging ones computer into, there was no pen in the room. None of the phone's buttons to contact to specific departments in the hotel worked. The television screen had permanent damage to it. On the plus side, your turn-down service was good and the staff was pleasant (although we had to wait quite a while to retrieve our checked luggage, the lobby employees seemed rather disorganized). I was very surprised by our experience since I review our hotel choices on Tripadvisor.com prior to and upon completion of our stay. I intend to leave my review posted once I have received your reply. We did not stay in the most expensive room as this was a trip arranged around a corporate meeting being held in the hotel. However, all rooms in a reputable hotel should meet a certain standard and this one did not. Awaiting your reply,No reply recieved. ON top of it all, no sound proof glass on the windows. Sirens and horns all night. I've stayed at several other NYC hotels and never had such a negative experience.	
Aug 28 2009 	Needs some facelift	I stayed at this hotel early 2009 with a close family friend. She is an old lady and in her mind Hemsley's Park Lane is still the best hotel. This exactly how you would describe this hotel - old glory. Pro:&quot;LOCATION&quot; - can't stress enough. The hotel is located steps from Columbus circle, 5th Ave., Central Park. This alone CAN compensate all the negative impressions. Service: Staff was kind, very professional and efficient. I especially enjoyed breakfast in the restaurant, and everyone was friendly. The food was great, too. Yes, this is not the &quot;hippest&quot; restaurant you can find nearby, but the restaurant itself, with old-world style glamorous decor overlooking the central park with classical music playing was in itself quite an experience. Con:Dated facility and its decor - The old-style decor must have been applied a long time ago so that it shows its age. Antique is antique, but the bathroom drawers and sealant surrounding the bath tubs can and should be replaced. The dark colored silk bedspread was not crisp probably due to age (I don't want to think it is due to cleanliness). The carpet also showed age, as you would tell that it has been trodden. However, I do hot have too much complaints, as it was well-kept and clean: Overall, my stay was pleasant. Maybe I am not into continental style decor, therefore I was not able to appreciate this hotel. Given my taste, this hotel still needs some updates in order to keep up with its past glory. (Or was there one ever?)	
Aug 23 2009 	A Dream Stay	I've been at the Helmsley Park Lane one year ago, august 2008, with my girlfriend.I meant to write this review right away when all my memories was much more fresh but time slips away and already an year has gone.I am italian, I've travelled all around Europe but this was my first time in the States. I've chosen this hotel partially based on the tripadvisor reviews but some of them wasn't so spectacular and that worried me a little.All my concerns vanished when I first set foot in the hotel's lobby. Then, after the elevator brought us to our 12th floor, and the room door opened it was nothing less than a revelation.The room was so big We could have play tennis in it. Our king size bed was extremely confortable but the best part was the view from the giant window, I'll back on this subject in a sec.The hotel is on the 59th street, between 5th and 6th avenue. That means that You're not just close to the center, You ARE the center. If your room is on the park side the view from the window is stunning. We could have spend all our 10 days just watching the park from the windows and they wouldn't wasted.I can only imagine how amazing the view can be from the rooms of the higher floors.The room was elegant old style (a part from the big LCD TV screen) and we liked that, the only little problem was to understand how to turn on and off the lamps, it took few minutes. The service was excellent, I could mention many things on this subject.Anyway we didn't have our breakfasts in the hotel, we preferred to eat here and there around the place, there is a lot of choice (and I love cheesecake!). First morning we went to Sarabeth, just few meters from the hotel. It was a nice one, but a bit expensive. As I said the position is the best You can have in the city. Of course the place is big big big, so You'll need to use the subway and there is a stop very close to the hotel within a minute walking distance.One warning that doesn't have to do with the hotel: Don't trust the photography store that claim they can give You amazing stuff with sensational discount (like 60% or 70% off....&quot;only for today!&quot; then You come back the day after and the sign is still there of course), there are quite a few of them around the place and they're absolute cheaters. Look for serious dealers, for example there is a B&amp;H on the 9th avenue (between 34th and 35th street) which we found absolutely amazing.So, a dream stay in the most stunning place in the world, I just can't wait to come back and I already know I'll be back at the Helmsley Park Lane Hotel, I cannot think of better choice!	
Aug 21 2009 	Top Notch in every way !	Several of us on a recent and first visit to New York picked this hotel purely on the basis of its location in New York. We stayed for eight days and I can honestly say that from arrival to departure, this hotel was the jewel in the crown of our visit to the fabulous city of New York. The hotel itself is delightfully old-fashioned in a charming kind of way, but immaculately clean in every aspect. The staff in every department were courteous, friendly, and super efficient no matter what type of request we had on their services. The hotel restaurant served us the best steaks we had in New York ! The wine list, also, was better than good.As for the view of Central Park from our hotel bedroom.......it had to be seen to be believed.We will definitely be back.	
Jul 21 2009 	Impressive!	Was apprehensive as this hotel was booked as part of a tour &amp; I usually like to book my own! We arrived &amp; was very impressed! The hotel had 46 floors, we were on 22nd. Room wasn't quite ready but when it was it was great! Big, classy &amp; very clean &amp; comfortable. Nice pair of slippers each on a welcome mat! Big comfy robes. Nice toiletries in bathroom. Shower &amp; bath. Comfy bed &amp; pillows. Flat screen tv on wall. EVEN had umbrellas to use and it was raining! Hotel was right opposite Central Park, a short walk to Times Square/Broadway. Next day we had 77 degrees &amp; sunshine! Unfortunately we were only there one night but it was a good night! Staff welcoming &amp; helpful. It had a Harry's Bar! Beautiful restaurant overlooking the park with panoramic windows. We did a quick shop &amp; sightsee but all too soon had to leave the Helmsley Park Lane. If or when we return to NY we will definitely be back!	
Jul 20 2009 	Value For Money	I went to New York for 3 days and i stayed there. My room was on the 39th floor with a view to Central Park (junior suite). There was a large window about 4 meters through which you could see Central Park till the end and of course the skycrapers. The view was marvelous. The service was fast, breakfast was exactly the time i requested. Also the concierge was very helpful. However there was something that i didn't like. The day i checked out i called the bail to help me. I had 5 large suitcases. The bailman was like 75 years old, which was not helpful as i had to move the luggages, and of course i had to tip him. The bottom line is that i would highly recommend the hotel for a wonderful stay. You should ask defenately for a room with Central Park view and its totally value for money, as you can go next door to Plaza and pay three and four times the room price.	
Jul 14 2009 	Made my daughter's wedding perfect	My daughters wedding was at the boathouse and all the extended family stayed at the Park Lane. Beautiful hotel, all the rooms were well appointed and very clean. Only mishap was my check in and my room was not ready. I wanted to stay on the same floor as my family so the manager came to the rescue and gave me the deluxe suite for the first night with a magnificent view of the park. Can not thank you enough Park Lane. Mother of the Bride	
Jun 17 2009 	Rude unorganized and unprofessional.	Honestly the only timely and respectful hotel staff was the manager during the day. Most of them bounced me around the place, spoke in a very demeaning manner and does not reach any of my expectation that I gathered for this place. The rooms looked like they were renovated on budget, bath tub does not drain water immediatelly, room service was unsatisfactory and air conditioning was very loud and bothering. Also no on-demand movies, only your normal basic plan cable available at home. It might be a very nice accomodation at its days back in the '70s but all I can say, not anymore, I was truly dissapointed compared to the amount I paid for my room, not worth it.	
Jun 5 2009 	My favourite hotel ever	What can you say about this beautiful hotel. Great service. Great location. Prettiest view in winter. Haven't stayed in summer so can't say anything about the summer view! The people were just so lovely and accommodating. I couldn't say enough good things about this place. Also, hands down the best hot chocolate through room service that I have ever had. I would like to fly back to NYC and stay here just for another cup of their hot chocolate. Highly recommend this hotel. Just an indication of the standard we like, we have also stayed at Fairmont Chateau in Lake Louise, Mosaic Hotel in LA and other amazing places and this was by far the best. So clean, so relaxing.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great price for the location!	Our location couldn't have been better--it was our first tourist trip to New York--we normally go to eat and drink and visit friends but this time took my 11 year old nephew and saw every tourist attraction there was and this was a convenient safe location amidst much finer more expensive hotels- we had connecting rooms- one room was great with a king bed with new good mattress and powerful shower although the room was bright pinkish!--the other had 2 queen beds- old mattresses loud A/C and could hear the noise on the street . The staff was courteous and welcoming and think it was a fabulous deal for the location!!!	
May 28 2009 	Old Fashioned Glamour and Service	After reading some of the reviews on here before my trip I was nervous, but I was wrong to be. The Helmsley is old style glamour! I can see why some people would descibe the rooms as dated but I saw them as authentic and thought they were fantastic. We paid extra for the park view and it was well worth it - panoramic views of the park and north Manhattan from the 25th floor as well as a huge room and huge kingsize (and extremely comfortable) bed. The service was absolutely brilliant and the staff were incredibly helpful. We're talking old fashioned service where they can't do enough for you...rooms were cleaned brilliantly, beds turned down at night with my slippers (complimentary) laid out. The concierge service was also very good and definitely worth using. We were looking for a good restaurant nearby and within a few minutes were called back with our table reservation details. As for location you couldn't ask for a better one right on the park and within easy walking distance (or subway ride) of everything - including 5th Avenue, Natural History Museum, Guggenheim, Rockerfeller etc. I would recommend this hotel to friends and family and would definitely stay there again.	
May 27 2009 	Wonderful stay great location	We booked the king size park view room. Much larger than I'd expected and although the decor was a little &quot;twee&quot; for English tastes, there was everything in the room to make things comfortable - mini-fridge, lots of wardrobe space, robes and slippers etc. I am so glad we booked the park view room because the views were AMAZING. Large TV with regular programmes. I don't know about movies because we were so tired after sight-seeing all day, we were asleep by 9.30! The staff were friendly, but not in the overly-sweet false way most hotel staff seem to be. Harry's bar serves nice cocktails but very pricey. We didn't try the restaurant but there is a very good deli out the back door of the hotel to the left called greens, or turn left and left again out of the front door and there is a deli along there which does great waffles. Yes, the decor could do with a little updating, but if this were a french chateau you'd call it shabby chic! I would heartily recommend this hotel to anyone and would rate it as infinitely superior to the Waldorf Astoria.Because we booked through expedia we also got free international phone calls and use of the business centre / computer room.	
Apr 26 2009	A+ for Service...D for Physical Plant	Short and Sweet:How do I rate the people who work there? A+++The staff was absolutely kind and engaging. From check-in to security to room service to maid service, to the phone operator. The people who work there made it very evident they cared very much that we enjoyed our stay.How do I rate the physical plant? &quot;D&quot;This hotel is &quot;tired&quot;...the 1970's mirrored celings...the dirty and decrepit room #1903, while having an outstanding view of Central Park was close to 'shocking' with its peeling wallpaper, dirty bathroom floors, filthy bedspread (someone used the underside to polish his shoes) and the towels that, very obviously, were used to polish shoes possibly on that same bedspread?Would I recommend staying there? &quot;NO&quot;. You spend a lot to stay on Central Park and you will feel cheated if you have a room in that condition. If they update the hotel and keep the employees they have? Oh, yeah, I'd stay there in a flash.	
Apr 14 2009 	Very Old	I´m a travel agent and unfortunately the impression that I had during my stay (apartment 3416 from March 25th to 31th) did not correspond to the standards we are used to, in what concerns to the high pattern of the service found in the hotels we usually use. I was not able to get to know the superior cathegories of rooms that the hotel offer, cause I was not given the oportunity to check them out.1st - Mr Thomas (concierge) was indeed extremely attentious and nice to us.2nd - Most of the front desk staff were extremely rude and unpolite. I am not used to this kind of treatment, mainly in the States.3rd - The air conditioning of my room wasn´t working, and even though I called many times to complain, nothing was done. The Engineer went to my room to try to fix it and just said that it was like that, the thermostats just didn´t work properly.4th - For two days the housekeeper did not do the turn down. 5th - the rooms are very small and the furniture is the oldest in NYC.I was really badly impressed. As a five star hotel, I guess the service just didn´t reach the minimun expected.Dont go there! look for other hotel in central park area!	
Apr 6 2009 	Excellent value	My wife and I stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane the nights of March 17 &amp; 18, 2009. We paid $189 per night + $15 IT fee per night. So the real rate was $204 per night, plus taxes of $30.43 per night. This was for a &quot;city view&quot; room on the 23rd floor. This is an older hotel with somewhat dated furnishings, but that didn't bother us because we're a bit dated ourselves. Our room was clean and comfortable. The common areas were fine, too. The staff was courteous and helpful as needed. The location on Central Park South is great for tourist visitors. We'd definitely go back at this room rate.	
Mar 29 2009 	Very dated and dirty	Although this may have been a nice hotel at one time, it's in desperate need of a face lift. The rooms (we had two) were old and dirty with pealing wallpaper and stains on the carpet. There was mold in both bathrooms and the tubs didn't drain. When we complained, the staff was indifferent and told us there were no other rooms and we were welcome to check into another hotel but would not be refunded our deposit. The only thing this hotel has going for it is its location. We'll never stay here again and would advise others to stay somewhere else.	
Mar 26 2009 	So Pleased with Our Stay	Was in New York for the first time last week with my sister and 13-year-old niece. I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Helmsley. The location absolutely cannot be beat for the price. We were central to everything we wanted to do, and felt very safe in this area. Our room was clean and well-maintained. We had a park view room that was as great as I had hoped. Waking up every morning to the sun coming up over the park was glorious! The staff was friendly, courteous, and helpful. Would absolutely stay there again!	
Mar 24 2009 	Luxury	Stayed here for 6 nights, summer 2008. Service was in top. Beautiful interior.	
Mar 18 2009 	Tired and decrepit but fabulous location	We've just come back from a 4 day trip to New York, it was a last minute thing, as my husband was away in the US with work, and I managed to get a flight that connected in with his work.I booked this hotel quite last minute, maybe just over a week ago and for 4 nights, it cost me 775 dollars for a bog standard city view room. The location of this hotel was perfect for us. Everyone was an easy walk. We also got continental breakfast included in the price, but we preferred to find a New York deli.The room was spacious enough, but was tired. The bathroom looked like something out of another century. And we kept getting electric shocks off everything in the room and the hotel. It became really annoying after a while!!!!! This hotel needs a complete overhaul. I was happy enough with the price as it was short notice and the places I wanted to stay elsewhere in, were a good 500 Euros extra for the 4 days we were there. However, I found the Queen bed far too small for 2 of us and it was as uncomfy as hell. Like I said, bathroom was so old and needed ripping out. Beware, they charge you 15 dollars a day for internet, whether you use it or not. We complained to the front desk and they waived this fee. I dont mind being charged for internet if I used it, but not when I didnt use it???!!!!!!!!! I wouldnt go back to this hotel again, because it wasnt modern enough or comfortable enough for either myself or my husband. He travels frequently and likes a little luxury, so if that's you, I would recommend you finding another hotel.	
Mar 14 2009 	The Location is fabulous the carpet is lavender...	So, we stayed here sort of on a whim. We were getting ready to leave NYC with our family (it was a business trip for my husband, but we took my sister and our 6 month old babies with us!) and he got a call that he needed to stay another night. He pulled up to the next hotel we were driving by, this place, and we went in a made reservations. If we had been paying for this, I would have thought the price was way out of control, but I guess you pay for the view, which is spectacular. Anyway, we got to the room and my sister who was 18 thought it was awesome. It's like a 1980's upscale bedroom with wall to wall purple carpet, matching decor throughout, very hilarious. She thought it was the best, best room because it was so over the top fancy, but out of date. Lots of marble, gold, floral, etc. Anyway, it was clean. So this was where one of our twins took the first off the bed spill. Anywhere else this would have been quite a catastrophe, but he rolled off onto a very plush purple carpet and didn't get a single bump or bruise. So funny. The view is out of control amazing. The bed was not super comfortable, but it didn't have a mattress pad it seemed. We put the coverlet under the fitted sheet (I know, a no, no but goodness we couldn't sleep) and that made it so much better. Anyway, if you have to money and have teenage girls with you this is the best place. It would be great for a girls night out trip, etc.	
Mar 12 2009 	Fantastic view tired rooms	I booked this hotel on www.ghotw.com and felt the site overrated it, it does have a great view and good food but some of the rooms are a bit tired.	
Mar 2 2009 	Not that good	Well, this hotel is in a very good place, in front to the Central Park but most of the rooms don´t have a view (just for others windows). The service was avarage, the rooms was enought to sleep, not to stay any second more. The room was dark, had a couple of lamps but not enought and had some old look, the sealling of the restaurant was about to fall (but had some paint to cover it - and it didn´t) and the food was weak for the price. I think is a overpriced hotel.	
Feb 22 2009 	Central Location with nice views	We ended up here as the hotel we had booked was full, so not a great start but the staff at the Park Lane made us feel more than welcome. The concierge who took our bags up was very friendly and helpful - admittedly he was trying to earn his tip - but at least he tried to earn it rather than just expect it (even to the extent of showing us how the shower worked!).Room was perfect for our stay - yes it was small, but this is New York - if you want anything bigger you've got to be prepared to pay for it! Views on the first morning of Central Park were phenomenal.Biggest sell on this hotel was definitely the location - out the front door and 1 min to Central Park, 3 mins to 5th, and 10 mins max to Times Square - all on foot.I guess NY prices always take the pleasure out of it, and should maybe take that into account when reading these reviews. Should also mention that while we were on the 36th floor or something like that, sound insulation was still very good. One of the only hotels I've been in in NYC where you couldn't hear sirens and horns at all hours of the day and night.	
Feb 20 2009 	Wonderful Central Park Views!	We just returned from Valentine's weekend at the Park Lane with the breakfast package. I would highly recommend the Park View room, The view is beautiful and at night it is amazing and quite romantic. I recommend the breakfast package for no additional cost you can have a continental breakfast in a beautiful room with views of the Park, just book it online under &quot;specials&quot;. I really appreciated the hours breakfast began at 7AM as I was taking an analyst class over the weekend as well as celebrating Valentine's Day with my boyfriend. He did decide to add more to his breakfast our second day and you can do so for an additional cost, although it was expensive!I agree the rooms and hallways are dated, but the rooms are spacious, clean and for additional cost you can upgrade to a suite for a more elegant room. I stayed at the Plaza steps away for work and the room was $850 a night, so I truly appreciate the location the value. Sarabeth's next door has a lovely brunch menu which we have done in the past and I also recommend it.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great Location/Excellent Service	We stayed for one night as a little get away and were very pleased. We got an outstanding deal that included continental breakfast in the dining room and parking so we were able to save some $$ by driving in instead of taking the train... Our room was large (for NYC) and well appointed, if a bit outdated. The service was excellent and included a complimentary dried fruit tray and lovely personalized welcome note. Staff was friendly and helpful and we were within walking distance of great shopping &amp; dining and also close the the subway. We will definitely plan to stay again...	
Feb 10 2009	useful location	is the typical dusty luxurious hotel with huge ballrooms, eighties furnitures and simil marble bath in rooms.anyway, everytime i go to NYC I go there because it has a very confortable location in central park south, facing the park.If you go there you must reserve a park wiev room because it worth quite all the price.	
Feb 3 2009 	location location location	my husband and i stayed at the helmsley 06/12/08 for 5 nights and i can say the location was perfect for everything. a stones throw and we were at tiffanys, amongst other designers. we could not have chose a better location. the rooms were clean. yeah they needed updating but for how long we were in it. the linen was clean,towels were fresh. we even had our own robes, provided by the hotel. they had been worn previously, but again were clean. the room was of good size for 2 of us, and we could alter the heating, which was a plus for me, as i am always cold. the staff were helpful. the bar there is soooo expensive $20 for 2 budweiser!! overall a excellent stay and would definitely go again. excellent views of central park.	
Jan 28 2009 	Location made up for the downsides ..	Late update as I'm catching up - stayed there in June and Nov of 2008. Wanted to go to the Helmsley Palace on the second journey but couldn't get in. The reviews are all pretty accurate. I was there on a business trip and took along my partner too for a short break in June. I came alone on bizz in Nov. As another person said ...I have stayed in numerous Leading Hotels of the World in but this hotel falls behind in overall quality ...not so much the service....but in general the old girl is just looking and feeling a bit ''tired'' .. The room ...we had was an ordinary room...it did the job...but that's about it ...there was nothing wrong with it( well decoration was pretty old and dire ) but then again there was nothing to shout from the hill tops about ! The dining room on the 2nd floor is one of the most pleasant of places to have breakfast for sure. As most of the people have said ''location'' for guests is the one thing that saves this hotel. For visitors to the Big Apple its the best place to start from. My partner loved it. she was a stones throw from 5th Ave...Central park right in front .. my office 3 blocks away...so everything for her was within easy distance. For a personal break I would go to another hotel.....just to be able to have a few more ''mod-cons''...but as I invariably go there on business and I'm tied to a handful of hotels ..and the Helmsley group will get my custom again.	
Jan 23 2009	Great Location	When we booked this hotel, it was the only decent place we could find for around $300. Other choices in this price range were not near midtown or dumps. The best reason to stay here is the location. It is pretty close to Radio City and Midtown area shops, etc. It is true the rooms look a bit old fashioned and the hallway- wow - like sica-delic man! BUT. The hotels and rooms are clean and spacious and it does the job. The people here are friendly.I would recommend it if you are looking for value and location. You don't want to stay in a dump, but you have &quot;standards&quot; that you can't go below and be comfortable.	
Jan 19 2009 	Nice Surprise	We spent a very nice weekend at the Helmsley Park right after the holidays. We were originally booked somewhere else, but that hotel was over booked so we were sent here. I was apprehensive, not having done any research on this hotel, but when we arrived we were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room and great view of the city. The room was plenty big for the four of us (2 adults and 2 kids). The hotel staff was so polite and helpful, guiding us in the right direction to the subway and all of our destinations. We grew to love the location too - across from Central Park and close to a couple really good coffee shops. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great Location on Central Park	This hotel was in an incredible location. My room was south facing, but I can't imagine how wonderful the views facing the park must be. The only issue I had was the room decor, which felt somewhat like a grandmother's attic. The lobby, though, was very nice. The service was also very good.	
Dec 17 2008 	Brilliant Classic Charm	An absolutely brilliant hotel that has now spoiled us so deeply we cannot imagine ever staying in NYC again unless it's here. We booked on a recommendation from my parents who stayed here for their 40th wedding anniversary. Upon telling the check in desk that my parents had stayed there a few weeks earlier, they immediately &quot;found&quot; a room for early check in. We had reserved a King Junior Suite with view for about $450 a night, $500 with tax and whatnot. They put us on the 36th floor, room 3600, and it was truly the most amazing weekend we've ever had. The view is impeccable, unbeatable. The hotel sits smack dab in between the Ritz and the Park Plaza, on the south side of Central Park, and the view out of our window was like something from a movie. Lovely service from the moment we checked in (provided you tip well, of course), including turn down service with a &quot;Good Night&quot; towel over the classy red carpet and your own pair of &quot;PL&quot; embroidered slippers waiting bedside! We will definitely return!	
Dec 14 2008 	Not Leading Hotels	This hotel is in a great location so some rooms facing the park have one of the most magnificent views in the city. The hotel is tired-looking and the rooms and especially the bathrooms need improvements. I have stayed in numerous Leading Hotels of the World in Europe Asia and elsewhere but this hotel falls behind in overall quality including service. The breakfast room on the 2nd floor has a good quiet ambience and the quality of the food is fairly good but not inspiring. Overall I recommend this hotel if you are willing to ignore the run-down bathroom and rooms and welcoming or pampering details and if you are only looking for a view of central park and easy access to the best shops in town.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great hotel	We are a couple in our twenties and stayed at The Helmsley Park Lane for 4 nights in June 2008. The hotel is in a fantastic location, right by Central Park and in walking distance of Fifth Avenue and Times Square.We booked a city-view room and asked at check-in to be put in a high up room to get the most of the views - we were put on the 45th floor with side views of Central Park and the city - it was amazing! Our room was lovely and generously sized, and although the decor is an acquired taste as it is quite old-fashioned, everywhere is very clean and well kept.We did not eat in the restaurant, as there are so many other great restaurants to eat at in New York, but we had a couple of drinks in the bar and that was nice. There is a great little place next door for breakfast or lunch. We would also recommend The Rainbow Rooms at the top of the Rockafella Centre for a drink while enjoying great views of the city. But don't eat there - we did and found the service and food appalling and very overpriced. It was such a shame as the setting was brilliant.Overall, we thought the Helmsley was excellent value and would definitely recommend it as a base to explore New York.	
Oct 2 2008	good value	Stayed here with my brother to watch the US Open way back in '03 (before I moved here in case you're wondering why a local would need a hotel in the city)... The guy at the front desk was nice... We went up to our room and were completely gobsmacked by the fact that he'd upgraded us to a park view (as opposed to the city view we originally reserved) w/out even telling us... The decor was dated, but the amazing view totally made up for it... It's a good value for what we spent; if they'd just renovate it could be a really great hotel as the location is perfect...	
Sep 30 2008 	Not worth it	Overall, I was not impressed with this hotel. The décor is so dated, and at first I found this kind of quirky, but there were a few problems that quickly soured my opinion.Pros:-Room size- we booked a room with two queen beds and found it to be a large, comfortable room. The bathroom was also spacious-Robes and bathroom amenities were a nice plus-New flat-screen tv-Good locationCons:-Our beds were covered in awful red satin comforters, and the headboards were also made from the same material. Both headboards had mysterious stains on them.-One of the lamps wasn’t working, but to be fair, they sent someone with a replacement bulb up to the room very quickly-The bathtub did not drain, so the water was up to my ankles while taking a shower-Noisy! We had a room facing the city not the park, and were woken up by honking at 12:30am. We realized one of the windows was open, and we tried to shut it, but realized it was broken and did not shut. We were repeatedly woken up by the city noise the entire night.-Room had a sour smell- kind of like old socks-Big stain on the carpet outside of the bathroom	
Sep 27 2008	Used to be great - wouldn't return now	I've loved this hotel from two previous stays, always booked through Expedia as the hotel's website doesn't offer any discounts. I book a park view room as I adore (dahling) the Central Park view. I haven't minded the dated frumpy decor that reminds me of little old ladies - colors are rose, cream and violet - but am tired of having the wallpaper peeling off in every room I have booked.However! This recent stay was the last straw. I booked a non-smoking room; they gave me a freshly smoked-in one. It gave me a headache within a minute and I had to spend another half-hour waiting in the lobby after a long cross-country flight while they pretended there were no other rooms but then magically found one. Why oh why would you not set aside the requested reserved pre-paid room in the first place?The AC never worked well, the room was always hot and stuffy. Just like the city. It was more comfortable being outside.The over-desk room mirror had handprints on it that were never cleaned off during our entire stay.The internet access doesn't work! But they charged me anyways, until I complained that it never worked. Their in-room book says they charge 9.95 but they wanted $15 - and for more nights than I had stayed. That info book also says that the safe is an 'in-iron' safe. Clearly they meant 'in-room' but they never bothered to proof-read. Or to update.I will say the fridge was a great help...even though it lived, oddly enough, in the bathroom. Is that even sanitary? And I enjoyed picking up little chocolates when I passed the front desk. The Helmsley Park Lane has great potential but is faltering... stumbling...used to be great... but now has a broken hip....	
Sep 22 2008 	Okay...Interior dated...Service lacking..Good location though	I stayed here Aug 23-27, 2008. I booked it off of hotwire because I needed to save money. I was disappointed as it is rated a 4*. The service is very lacking. It is not a friendly environment. They told me they would get someone to help with my bags. After waiting 10 minutes, I decided to take them up myself.The room is very dated in my opinion. I'm more in to clean crisp conservative settings. To me it had a tacky 70's decor to it. Yet it had a plasma TV to throw the whole setting off.the location is great though. It is right across the street from Central park and one block from the subway. Though I really disliked the horse smell that seemed to linger all day and night due to the carriages.The good things are that they make you show your room key when you return late at night. And they do have a bed turn down service.Be aware of extra charges on your final bill. They took them off. Actually, the last day there was the only day that the service was actually helpful. They took the charges off with no arguments. They held my bags until time for my afternoon flight so I could continue site seeing. The doorman was excellent that day.The price was good but as a single I wouldn't stay there again.	
Aug 28 2008 	Good location - sour service!	We booked a park view junior suite at the Helmsley Park Lane for a four day stay. At check in the staff were friendly but slightly condescending, which only got worse throughout the stay. I have to say that on the whole, the level of service form the reception and concierge was below average and delivered in a way that was verging on snooty. It was almost as if the doorman would see us coming and run the other way. This continued throughout the entire length of our stay, I couldn't help but feel like they would see us and wonder what we were doing there. Not a very pleasant way to be greeted on the way in and out.The room was extremely spacious (especially for NYC) with breathtaking views of the park, and everything was very clean. The room was a bit tired and the decor very dated but for the money we paid, the size of the room was more than value for money. We were frowned upon for buying bottles of wine in from outside, and charged for the usage of the corkscrew in the room, not once - but twice! they charged $12 a day for wifi, which I thought was a bit steep, but you come to expect that.The only good thing I can say about the hotel service was the housekeeping who kept everything spotless, provided a chocolates and turndown service and replenished towels twice daily. They were the only staff who got a tip at the end of our stay.I would recommend this hotel for visitors to NYC who value their space over everything else. I think the space and location was a fair trade for the shortfalls in service and dated decor.	
Aug 27 2008 	Disappointed	I booked 7 nights at this hotel through Expedis.com. I read over all terms and conditions and on my itinerary it clearly stated that the money paid covers all taxes and fees. and I thought this will cover all my hotel expense. but when I checked in, the person at reception, asked me to sign up for a $15,00/day internet charges' agreement, it stated that this is a compulsory fee for each room per day for use of phone and internet. This would be fine if I was informed at time of my booking. in the end, I had left no choice, but pay for this expense which I was NOT required for. I would strongly advise to be cautious at this hotel, where is the extra money going to Mrs Helmsley's dog that inherited all of there money!I will reconsider my next visit to this hotel. Hotel's room is over priced for its condition. My very first trip to New York, but disappointing.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Location!	My husband and I stayed three nights at the Helmsley Park Lane in early August and we had a great experience until the last morning. We were on the 40th floor overlooking Central Park and the room was neat and clean. The housekeeper we encountered was very friendly. The only issue we had was with the $15 fee for phone/internet use. We booked the hotel through Expedia and thought we had pre-paid for all of our hotel expenses, but awoke on our departure day to an invoice. We were able to escape being charged this fee (but not without a lot of persistence on my part) The front desk staff members were not very willing to help us with our situation and as I was aruguing my case, another couple came to the desk for the same reason. This is an issue that needs to be resolved and even though the room was nice, it is enough to make me look elsewhere when I return to NYC. There are too many hotels to choose from to deal with sneaky fees.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great location and value for money	We stayed here for 4 nights and thought the room was absolutely fine. It was clean, the staff were really helpful and we had no problems at all. The only downside, as a few people have already mentioned was the automatic charge of $15 per day for telephone calls, even if you didnt make any. But they did tell us about this when we checked in, but instead of asking for it to be removed we made good use of it - saved us a fortune on mobile/international calls home to the UK!We had a city room on 41st floor - the views were mostly of buildings but it was amazing at night! The location is superb, with the subway being just a few doors down, or a short walk to Columbus Circle for more choice of trains. I couldnt really fault this hotel at all and would recommend it.	
Aug 12 2008 	Fantastic Location	This is a fantastic Hotel, In a GREAT Location,I think good value for money too,But Care, with the treats and mini- bar, When you first go into the rooms, We had three rooms and in just one it warned that if you remove an item for 20 seconds it will be billed to your room.The only other downfall to this hotel is that it charges a room rate of 15 dollars a day for IT services, even if you do not use it.It mounts up over a longer stay,Because we had not been advised of this charge when booking ,We complained and had the charge refunded.	
Aug 5 2008 	Watch out for hidden costs	New York is amazing the best city in the world. I booked 7 nights at this hotel through hotels.com. I read over all terms and conditions and on my itinerary it clearly stated that the money paid covers all taxes and fees. It came to my last morning and woke to an invoice under the door for $15 US every day that I had stayed there including our first day even though I had arrived a 9.30pm. When checking out at reception they stated that this is a compulsory fee for each room per day for use of phone and internet. This would be fine if I was informed of this upon my arrival so I could have actually used the phone or internet provided. &quot;Í was never informed'' I stated the reply was basically stiff (----)!I would strongly advise to be cautious at this hotel, where is the extra money going to Mrs Helmsley's dog that inherited all of there money!I will not be back..	
Aug 4 2008 	Nice but...	Great location and very nice hotel. Too bad they have started a sleazy automatic upcharge of $15 per night for internet, telephone, and long distance. This charge will be applied even if you use none of these services. If you complain on check out, they will not reverse the charges. Watch for the small print on the bottom of the check in form where you authorize the charge.Hotels like this don't need to resort to such a shabby upcharge policy. We would have gladly paid the extra $15 per night if the room charge was upped.	
Aug 4 2008 	great location	although the hotel is looking a little tired and dated as are the rooms we enjoyed our 6 night stay and experienced littel/no problems and found it particular good value considering its location. The check-in was effortless and prompt. The rooms was quiet throughout our stay which is extremely important for us, although we do still wonder why Americans in particular have this instance in using the brass security catch as a door stop and have no ability to close doors quietly! Other than this the stay was fine and the housekeeping was efficient with the towels being changed again each evening whilst the bed was prepared, so there was always plenty of clean, dry towels to use. The bed was comfortable and the air-con ok, although a little noisy! Never had to wait long for the elevators which is always a bonus. They tried to charge us $15/day for telephone &amp; internet but as we had not been informed at check-in that this serevice was available refused to pay it and it was removed from our bill. Overall it was good value.	
Aug 1 2008 	Wonderful stay at this hotel!	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and it was wonderful! We arrived at 1pm and were told that if we wanted a higher room for better view, we should check back after 3pm. That was fine with us, so they held our luggage and we were off sightseeing. We arrived back at 5pm and they had a room on the 39th floor with a partial park view (we had paid only for 'city view'). There was no extra charge and we enjoyed the view of the west side of Central Park.The room was clean and roomy and the bed comfortable; the water was instantly hot or cold; there was a mini refrigerator which we used for fruit and leftover sandwiches; we called nightly for ice, and room service brought it in 5 minutes or less each night; the staff was friendly and helpful; there is a subway entrance a short ways down the street and most times we could figure out how to use that entrance to connect to something else to get us where we wanted to go; the cooling system was consistently cool - not hot, cold, hot, cold and fairly quiet; the elevators were fast and never crowded; we had an iron, ironing board, hair dryer, in-room safe; there was turn-down service each night with chocolates left by the bed; the room was quiet - never heard anyone next to us on either sideDo not expect this to be a complete luxury hotel! There were some stains on the bathroom floor and some of the grout was discolored. Also, the toilet was not level and made a 'clunk' sound each time you sat on it. One lamp didn't seem to work correctly, but there were 5 lamps in the room so we didn't bother to call about it. The room showed some wear, but it was a lot nicer than our own bedroom and bath, and for what we paid for it in Manhattan ($225/night including all fees and taxes), it was a great place to stay in a great location!	
Jul 23 2008 	Won't Stay Here Again!	I've stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane several times before. I was there on business, and their rate could not have been beat. But we all know the old story &quot;You get what you pay for&quot;. Upon check in, I was told my room was not ready, but they cold upgrade me to a Junior Suite for only and extra $50 per night. Sounded pretty good, so I agreed. I have been in other park view rooms before, and the only difference in the &quot;Junior Suite&quot; was an extra love seat. I told them that wasn't worth $50 a night, and amazingly, they found a room that was ready. I dropped off my bags, and off to work I went. When I got back to the hotel later in the afternoon, it was toasty. Apparently the airconditioning didn't work. They were kind and moved me again, but we could never get the room to cool off. This was a big problem. It was hot as heck in NYC.That was just the beginning. As other reviewers have noted, the rooms are dated, The wall paper is peeling off, there is mildew in the leaking bath tubs. Housekeeping is inadequate (never replacing wash cloths), and room service trays that are in your room when you return from work the next day. I guess, there is only so much the staff can do. They are cordial and try to be helpful, but they don't have a lot to work with.I don't know how this hotel is able to keeps it's designation as a &quot;Leading Hotel of the World&quot;. They do not hold themselves to the same standards as the other LHWs.	
Jul 20 2008 	Fit our needs perfectly	We stayed at the Park Lane for one night. It was a beautiful hotel. The room was clean, the staff were friendly, and check in/ check out were a breeze. Location was good. I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel!	
Jul 20 2008 	Diry Old And Tired	We had a similar experience as the other reviewer who was told their room wasn't ready and was offered an 'upgrade' to a suite for an additional (in our case) $100. The good news, it was two huge rooms and a great view of central park. The bad news unfortunately made it unlivable. 1. Although they said we were not on a smoking floor, the moment we got off the elevator it smelled like an ashtray. 2. The room and upholstered furniture was old and filthy. The worst was the upholstered headboard had 'head' stains on both sides. 3. The carpeting in the common halls were old and super dirty. The carpeting in the rooms were also old and dirty. You did not want to walk in bare feet.4. The rooms in general have not been updated from what we could tell in over 20 years.It is a shame that a hotel in such a prime location can let itself deteriorate to such a degree. The Helmsley company must be in some sort of financial limbo. Leona must be turning in her grave!	
Jul 6 2008 	Perfect service and location	From the first minute we felt at home. Nice concierge andreception. Helped us with several things and upgraded us to 42nd floor. One week's stay was too short but for celebrating a wedding day after 25 years' of marriage it was perfect. Central Park and shopping facilities just round the corner meant excellent value for money, not to forget the Swedish FIKA-bar on 58th street on the other side of the block, a few yards away.The Grahms	
Jul 4 2008 	Central park here i come!	What a pleasant stay it was at the Helmsley park lane. I felt like living NYC; Waking-up early going for running at the central park, taking shower (using the bath robe) then drinking coffee at Starbucks and of course shopping at fifth avenue. The location of the hotel is great- 59 street between 6th and 5th avenue! Apple store is right behind the corner, Abercrombie and AX are 5 minutes walk, the subway is across the street and of course central park is in front of the hotel. Even that I didn't get central park view (you need to pay extra money for that), room number 2707 at the non smoking floor was great! It was wide and clean and had fridge, safe box, iron, hair fan and snacks' bar and the king size bed was pretty much comfortable after long walking day in Manhattan.The receptionist was nice and kind. I got in at 10:30 am so she checked me in without waiting for 3:00 pm and on the day I checked out, they stored my luggage while I was touring the city till 9:00 pm. Before I went off the hotel, I used the concierge's service to get instructed how to get JFK by metro and her help was kind and professional (take the R train to Queens Plaza, change to E train [same platform] to sutphin blvd and take the airtrain to your terminal). I must say that I was little bit surprised that at 11:30 pm maid service knocked on my door to ask if I need something. I was wondering how I would felt if I was sleeping and woke up because of that.Although the room and hotel were perfect, I might say that next time I go Manhattan, I might go for cheaper hotel only because I didn't get the chance to use the hotel facilities (such as fitness club and restaurants). Most of the day I spent outside of the hotel, so I only used it for sleep and storing my stuff. If u got spare money, I would say go for it, it worth the money, but if you are on budget +, look for cheaper one.A tip- Grab yourself healthy meal at &quot;Whole food market&quot; which is located in the shopping mall at Columbus Circle (5 minutes walk from the hotel) and go eat at central park.	
Jul 2 2008 	Bumpy start	We booked for 4 nights in June in a park-view king room. When we arrived at 5:30pm, we were told our room was not ready, and they offered to 'upgrade' us to a suite for an extra $50 a night, stating that the suite is a lot nicer. We later realised this was a common thing that happened. Do not get pressured. We were told that only rooms on the smoking floor was available. We decided to take the room, and move to a non-smoking floor the following morning. The reception staff seemed more interested in getting us to 'upgrade' than to get us the room that we had paid for! The room is large, decoration a little old, and in need of update. The wonderful part was the view out to central park. More hiccups ensued. The bellhop said he would get a fax waiting for us from the business center, but after 15 minutes of waiting, it never arrived. My husband decided to go down and get it himself. The room seemed fine, but later, we realised that two of the lamps did not work. We asked housekeeping to fix this at 8:30pm, but they did not show up until 11:30pm, waking us from our sleep. We asked the 'engineer' to come back the next day. The next morning, we asked to be moved to a non-smoking floor. We put our suitcases into storage and was told that our room would be available at 3pm. When we came back at 3pm, we were told there was another '15 minutes' wait. We decided to head out for some shopping. Arriving back at 5pm, we were told again our room was not yet ready. We were very annoyed at this stage, and asked to speak to the manager. She told us the previous occupants only checked out at 4pm (which basically meant the person at reception had out and out lied to us), and housekeeping had not had the chance to clean the room! She offered us a double room instead. Hubby was pretty incensed at this time, and insisted that they sort this out. The manager was apologetic, and sorted out a room for us and gave us vouchers for complimentary continental breakfasts. When we arrived at the room, it was a park-view king room. So, why they insisted they didn't have a room ready for us, when they did, is anyone's guess. This time, all the appliances worked, and we were further up (level 38), with a marvellous view. What really lets down this hotel is the staff, - unfriendly, unhelpful and unknowledgable. The staff at the concierge desk is unpredictable. We were informed of a concert at the park by someone else, and when we checked at the concierge desk, they didn't know. Later, we were informed the concert was on the following night. Guess what? There were fireworks later than evening from Central park, and the next morning's papers had an article stating what a great free concert the philarmonic orchestra had thrown! They also rang us at midnight to ask if we dined at the Garden Court cafe. We hadn't, and it woke us up. Very bizzare, and truly unwarranted. What saves this hotel is the location and the view. The view is truly marvellous, you can see the nearly the whole of Central Park from the 38th floor. It's next door to a subway stop, great for a morning stroll through Central Park, and 5th Ave is right around the block. The breakfast in the Park Room is again, nice for the view. We booked through Expedia.co.nz, and paid NZ$418 a night (including taxes). We would not return.	
Jun 27 2008 	Tawdry and Dirty.	My husband and I just returned from a romantic weekend trip to NYC. It was supposed to be both romantic and luxurious but that is not quite how it turned out. We booked a room at the Helmsley Park Lane expecting a decent amount of luxury and pampering. What a disappointment.The only hotel personnel who seemed to have any clue about how to do their jobs were the desk clerks and even they were not always up to the task having some difficulty using the computers. The doormen and bellhops stood around the lobby or in front of the doors, both revolving and swinging, and only once during our five day stay did they bother to even open the door let alone bother to get out of the way.The hotel itself has seen far better days with torn and worn carpeting, banged up walls and furniture and stained fixtures and broken tiles in the bath. This tawdriness was compounded by the very poor job the maid service did in cleaning the room. There was a half inch of dust under all of the furniture with legs where the maids had not bothered to vacuum for some time, and even though the maids came into the room every day the room was never clean. Hair dotted not just the bath but the floor and sink after they cleaned. I am not at all sure it was from either my husband or me. The toilet was simply disgusting with a brown ring that looked more like some youth hostel than a fine NYC hotel. We never got clean glasses in the bathroom and there was dust on most of the pictures and television.The bellhop said there was an iron and ironing board and an umbrella in every room and that was only partially right. There was an iron, no ironing board, and the umbrella had several broken ribs which became apparent on the day when the skies opened and the rain came plummeting down.The Helmsley touts itself as one of the world's finest hotels and we were certainly expecting a level of service comparable to hotels we have stayed in in Europe, but it just was not there. I will not return and I do not recommend this hotel to anyone unless location is the only criterion.	
Jun 21 2008 	Location Location Location	I stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane Hotel for 10 days in June this year and would certainly recommend it to anyone travelling to New York. Although quite expensive, it is well worth booking a 'park view' room, as this is by far and away much nicer than the 'city view' rooms which potentially could be looking straight into another building. I found the hotel staff very friendly and helpful and the room was cleaned twice a day. The decor of the place wasn't really to my taste (very floral and rather dated) and the room did not have any coffee or tea making facilities, but these are really just minor points. We only had dinner at the hotel once, and it was to a very good standard, but for a great breakfast do head next door to Sarabeths which has a great chioce or the many delis which are within close walking distance. Definitely the best thing about the hotel, however, is the location. Based directly opposite Central Park, and within walking distance of 5th avenue, the Empire State, the Rock and the major museums, it is perfect for a sight seeing trip. Highly recommended.PS. The only word of warning I have about my stay is that we hired a car to get us from JFK to the hotel, instead of a taxi, through Tel Aviv motors. DO NOT book through these guys if you wish to book a car also, they have many hidden charged some of which are ridiculous and the final bill came to over twice what I was originally quoted.	
Jun 12 2008 	Great Place Great Location	Great place on Central Park. booked a 4 night stay. When we got there we upgraded to a park view room for 75/day. Totally worth it! Walking to distance to Times Square/Fifth Ave Shopping. Central Park right outside the door. Access to subway 50 yards from Hotel door! Stay here! You won't regret it!p.s. Mickey Mantle's Restaurant and Bar 2 buildings down if ya are a sports fan!	
Jun 11 2008 	Perfect location renovation under way.......	I stayed for 2 nights. Very nice staff at the reception. Had a fairly &quot;cheap&quot; room on lower floors with no view of Central Park. The room was one of those due for renovation &amp; refurbishing. Nothing to say about that considering the low rate. The Hotel has great potential when the renovation is completed considering the top notch location of the hotel.	
Jun 11 2008 	Dated decor terrible service.	This is a truly terrible hotel; its only redeeming feature is the location opposite Central Park. Our experience at The Helmsley Park Lane was disappointing from arrival to departure. We arrived from London very late or actually very early in the morning to find no one at the reception, it appeared closed – we had on booking stated we would arrive late, we even organised the airport transfer through the hotel so this should not have come as a surprise. We rang the bell and waited, and waited until eventually a grumpy person whom I assume was the receptionist checked us in. We then waited and waited for a bell boy to be summoned to take our bags. The same bags we had to carry ourselves out of the car and negotiate through a set of small revolving doors – this is not an easy task with 2 large suitcases. I had specifically asked at the time of booking for a room away from the elevator – ours was not only next to the elevator but also backed on to the elevator shaft. The mini bar (which bizarrely is kept in the bathroom) was empty, so we had to order a bottle of water from room service – which cost over $10 before tip!The room was a good size and the bathroom had a nice big bath tub. However I noticed shortly after our arrival I received electrical shocks from all the light switches and any metal fixtures &amp; fittings. The décor throughout the hotel is incredibly kitsch and dated, but to be fair this would never have been my first choice of hotel – it was booked by my parents for a family weekend away together. Unfortunately my parents request for a room with two Queen Beds had also been overlooked and they were given a room with 1 King. I understand that rooms overlooking the park have great views; unfortunately ours was at the back of the hotel and overlooked the car park and an office block.Jet-lagged and tired after the late arrival we took breakfast at the hotel dining room on our first morning, an experience not to be repeated. We were expecting this to be served as advertised in the famous ‘park room’ however found this closed for refurbishment and breakfast was now served in what appeared to be a windowless conference room. The waiting staff had already started clear the buffet away (even though there were 40 min left until the end of service). The staff were incredibly rude and begrudgingly took our order. They then proceeded to hurry us to finish as they wanted to set up for lunch (at 11am). Luckily the next morning we found a very pleasant restaurant next door, Sara-Beth’s that serves a great breakfast at a fraction of the cost with a smile! Reservations on Sunday would be recommended as it gets very busy for brunch with queues out the door. I wouldn’t recommend this hotel, I can overlook the dated décor as that is a matter of taste – and this is not our usual style of hotel but rude service in a city that prides itself on attention to the customer is unforgivable.	
May 31 2008 	Fabulous position and spectacular view	The Helmsley Park Lane is perfectly located opposite the park and if you are lucky enough to be in a room a high floor ( we were on 43rd ) then the views of the park are incredible. Initially we were placed on the 8th floor and could only see trees outside the window, but after speaking to the hotel staff, they were very helpful and moved us. The hotel bar and restaurant were also excellent and &quot;Sarabeth's&quot; next to the hotel is even better, ( try the brunch and evening meals ) The position of the hotel is excellent if you are planning to walk to attractions: Time Square 10 minutes, Fifth Ave shopping 5 minutes, Rockefeller 10 minutes, Park 2 minutes. A great hotel !	
May 29 2008 	Large rooms	My room was with city view and seeing the park was impossible. The room is very big and the bathroom is good and large. The check in desk was good and provided a room before 3 p.m. The room has a small fridge and that was a surprise for me, the first time I see this in an American hotel. The problem with the mini-bar was the high cost of Fiji water, more than ten dollars for a bottle.The cleaning was efficient and good. The cable sistem could have more channels.The decoration could be a little more contemporary but it´s not a problem, after all.	
May 12 2008 	great cusotmer service	This hotel is a great location for the price. Although the interior needs some updating it was very clean. The customer service was great. I was with my Mom who is handicaped as well as my 20 month old and everyone was so helpful. I had one slight complaint and after I informed the front desk, the night manager gave us complimentary room service and a hand written apology. Very nice touch	
May 12 2008 	Perfect trip to NY	I've just come back from a long weekend in New York. I was a little worried about the Helmsley Park Lane, as I had read a few negative reviews beforehand. However, I can honestly say that it is a lovely hotel, with extremely friendly, helpful staff.Firstly, the location is perfect. Opposite the park (with beautiful views), next to 5th Avenue, and convenient for so many of New Yorks sights. We stayed on the 30th floor, with a window to the side of the hotel, so we could see both the park and the city. I loved the view!The hotel itself can perhaps be a bit dated in its style, but I found it charming, and the rooms themselves were very spacious. (I just want to point out that this is not a hotel only for older people as has been said before- I am only 22).The only negative point about the Helmsley is Harry's Bar. It was expensive, and the air-con was on so high that people were actually leaving! Overall, I highly recommend the Helmsley Park Lane. The position was fantastic, and the people working there really were helpful.One more thing - if you do decide to stay here, you must try Sarabeths next door (go out the front entrance and turn left). The breakfast in there is amazing.. and enough to keep you going until dinner!	
May 6 2008	Double The Park View For Half The Price	If you've always wanted a Central Park view but don't have unlimited travel funds this is the hotel for you.Windows are huge and will even open a bit.From the 28th floor I could see the entire park. That's quite the way to start your day.The large, quiet rooms seem to have been decorated by Aunt Mame back in the 1980s but are very clean.Hotel doormen, reception and cleaning staff are super pleasant.I will definitely be back.	
May 5 2008 	Very nice but nothing spectacular	I stayed here during a recent business trip. The price for a city-facing room was decent and the room was bigger than I expected for a New York hotel. The location is perfect and housekeeping visits your room several times during the day.There were a couple minor flaws. I had requested a non-smoking room and was given a smoking room, which was an easy remedy but inconvenience. I also had security come into the room to check the safe since another guest had asked for help but provided the wrong room number.I’d be happy to stay here again but will probably check out another hotel next time I’m staying in New York.	
May 1 2008	Best view of the city EVER!	I lived in New York for 7 years but NEVER did I experience such a spectacular view as I did from the window of our room at the Helmsley over-looking Central Park. It was MAGNIFICENT. MAKE SURE that you ask for a Park View room. It's worth it. The higher up, the better! We were on the 41st floor and it was jaw-droppingly beautiful. The hotel and rooms are decorated in a very 'tacky' way. It's all very gotti and old-fashioned, and although I'm sure a lot of people like that style, it's not really mine. BUT, the hotel is very clean, it's location is incredible, and your across the street from Central Park! So, you'll easily forgive the gottiness.The only negative I can think of is that I was given a beautiful photo of myself as a present while we were there, in a beautiful frame...and I forgot to pack it. I called THE NEXT DAY inquiring about my photo/frame and after speaking to 10 different &quot;departments&quot; I was informed my photo was no where to be found. (Btw, I left i right on the desk in the room, not hidden somewhere.) Anyway, other than that, it was a great stay.	
Apr 30 2008	Great Location!	Best thing about this hotel is the view over Central Park and proximity to mid-town.We had booked a non-smoking Junior Suite on a high floor but when we arrived they only had lower floor suites available. We were convinced that a smoking suite would be fine and we could get a much higher floor. BIG MISTAKE!! As soon as we exited the lift the stench of smoke was overwhelming and the room wasn't much better - the sheets, whilst clean had an overpowering smell of smoke. As it was quite late we stayed one night then switched to a room on the 11th Floor - view was still good and this room was much, much nicer.Hotel appeared to be run my middle-aged men who weren't really interested in being too helpful, they had an air of superiority which was a bit annoying! Good hotel if Central Park and Mid-town areas are where you want to be but would personally try something different next time.	
Apr 29 2008	Great location lovely hotel	Lovely hotel, don't get breakfast in the hotel, eat out (but this is not because of the hotel, but you must have breakfast in a diner). No tea and coffee facilities in the room although there was a fridge. Harrys bar in the evening was lovely, when you come in after dinner.	
Apr 27 2008 	Superb Hotel and Location	I cannot fault our 4 night stay at the Helmsley Park Lane Hotel on Central Park South, overlooking Central Park. It is a superb hotel, clean, smart and the staff are very helpful and approachable. The rooms are a very good size for New York hotels and although some of the furniture and fixtures could be described as somewhat ornate, it is done extremely well. The rooms are cleaned to a high standard, the generous supply of towels are changed twice daily and bath robes and slippers are provided. The public areas and lobbies in the hotel are clean and well maintained and there was always plenty of desk staff on hand to answer any queries. Fronting Central Park meant that the noise level was considerably less than hotels in the hustle and bustle of the City which was a welcomed relief at the end of a busy day.The hotel restaurant &quot;A Room with a View&quot; has just been completely and tastefully renovated, as has the bar area &quot;Harry's Bar&quot;, and although we did not get round to eating in the restaurant the menu looked divine. We had booked a deluxe room on the 38th floor with a city view which are less expensive than the park view rooms but were lucky enough to see both the city and part of Central Park from our room.I loved New York but cannot put into words how to describe it! My one tip would be to take a very comfortable pair of walking shoes as we certainly ended up walking much further than we had originally planned.	
Apr 18 2008 	lovely hotel with a wonderfull view	We had a large room on the 24th floor with a wonderfull view over Central Park. Good queensizebed, nice bathroom and the decoration was classic buth tastefull.The location is perfect, next to fifth avenue. You can have breakfast at Sarabeths next door.	
Apr 9 2008 	Great Hotel in ideal location	After looking at the Ritz and the Essex House, we decided to stay at the Helmsley Park Lane and were pleasantly surprised! I was a little worried since we only paid @ $300 for one night and I also knew that the hotel's rooms were slightly older. HOWever, it was the perfect place to stay. My husband and I will definitely stay here again. We arrived early (1pm) and our room was ready for us complete with an amazing view of Central Park below! I believe we were on the 33rd floor; the view was incredible. We invited one of our friends up who lives on the Upper West Side in Manhattan and even she said she had never seen a view of Central Park like ours! The rooms were well kept, clean, luxurious, and HUGE. . . for NYC, at least, and the bathroom was very nice, as well. Yes the decor is a tad older. . . imagine you are staying at your very wealthy Grandmother's apartment for the weekend. For the price we paid ($300/nite is a really good deal) you can't beat the view. Take a look at our pictures to see for yourself. The only thing we didn't like is that the Helmsley didn't seem to have a good bar to enjoy drinks at, so we went to the Ritz just a few hotels down. You're right there on 59th Street (Central Park South) and 5th Ave; the location is unbeatable!! Don't miss breakfast right next door at Sarabeths. You can't go wrong with the Helmsely. I dread the day they remodel as prices are sure to skyrocket. Just remember: Location, Luxury, and View. The Helmsley is a beautiful hotel with tremendous value.	
Apr 8 2008 	Lovely Views	I stayed here last week for a meeting for 3 nights.I had a Park View Room which was lovely.Sadly the room needs re decorating as with a lot of the areas of the hotel.The Dining room and Harrys bar were getting re decorated and we were not told before we arrived even thouh i booked for a party of 19 people!However the staff are truly wonderful and make your stay very special .	
Mar 29 2008 	Perfect Spot	The hotel is very well located in front of Central Park and a few steps from the 5th Ave. You have many options within a few blocks of restaurants, delis and breakfast. The subway is also close. There are many stores around the block.My room didn´t have a view, but instead it was very quiet, spacious and well decorated. We had plenty of towels that were changed twice a day. There was always some chocolate in the room. The staff was very nice and helpful.I really intendo to come back as soon as I can.	
Mar 25 2008	Had a great stay at this Beautiful Hotel	Just had a one night stay at the Helmsley Park lane Hotel inmid March. I found this hotel to be beautiful, elegant, and very clean. I arrived for check in at 9:30 am. and was given my room on the 24th floor. I loved it. After reading how small the rooms are in NY, I was surprised at how spacious the room was. It was a very nice room with everything I could have needed. I had the city view room and at night it was nice to see the lights at the other buildings. The location of this hotel is fabulous. It is right across the street from Central park, a block from 5th Ave., and the subway is just a couple of blocks away. After much research I obtained a great rate on the internet from Hotels 365.com. I would definitely stay here again on my next visit to New York.	
Mar 23 2008	The best view for the best money	I thought we might have gone over budget until I saw the look on my husband's face as he looked over Cental Park from the 32'nd floor, on his first visit to NYC (He is from Scotland). He said that shaped his view for NYC for all time and he was so glad that we booked this hotel. I had stayed here years before, and three times at the Ritz, once before it was bought out by the Ritz Carlton (shame they tore out the old pine) and never after the Marriott, (thank God) and also at the Essex house in the 1990's. Yes, it was a lot of money. We were only there two nights, but it was value for money. That view will take your breath away, it will stay with you forever. The room was lovely although a little dated, over all, I still loved it. Apparently, the Ritz, a few doors down, is now about three times or at least twice the price for the same view. My opinion, as a prior great fan of staying at Ritz Carltons in the 90's, is that the price went up and the quality went down when it became just another Marriott based on my experience with the flagship Ritz Carlton Buckhead.	
Mar 13 2008 	Delightfully Better than Expected	I booked this hotel via Hotwire, not knowing where I would be staying beforehand. After reading some of the reviews here, I think I would have changed hotels if possible. However, after staying at the Park Lane, I really couldn't be happier with my luck.The hotel's location is excellent, and the staff extremely helpful and courteous. I think the big question in many people's mind concerns the decor and ambiance of the hotel. In my case, my room was clean, extremely comfortable and tastefully decorated to soothing cream colors. The room had robes, slippers, iron and ironing board, in-room safe, refrigerator, hair dryer, flat screen television, and a wonderfully comfortable pillow top bed. While it did not face Central Park, the view of midtown was pleasant enough. The bathroom was large, clean, and well appointed.That being said, I did happen to get a glance into an adjacent room at one point when it's occupants were leaving, and it was the technicolor nightmare heavy in lavenders and rouges. If I had gotten that room I think I would have asked to change.In any case, I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a comfortable room in an excellent location in Manhattan.	
Mar 11 2008	WOW - what a great holiday	WOW We had a great holiday. We arrived at the hotel and were very impressed. It was in a great location on Central Park. Horse carriages were outside (across the road) and the birds were singing. We were greeted at the car by the bellman who took our cases and lead us to reception. We were offered a upgrade from a double room to a 2 bed suite room. We were taken to our room and shown the amenities’ by the bellman. He must have thought we were nuts as we were so excited by the size of the room etc. We had a look out the window of our 45th floor room WOW. Some reviews on here have said the hotel rooms were shabby and old – not at all - ok the wallpaper is flowery in the rooms but not offensive but it was very very clean and tidy, I would even say elegant. Our Bathroom was clean neat and tidy, the bath was nice and it was good to have a bath and shower. The fridge is handy to store drinks in. The hotel is very very classy and very elegant, beautiful fittings and decoration.We found all the staff to be extremely friendly and helpful. New York is amazing we loved the shopping and sights. If you like designer stuff Macys and Century 21 are a must!!!! We used the subway (Metro) daily and taxi`s at night (2 girls alone etc). We loved a Irish pub called “The Perfect Pint” if you go say hello to Ronan and Liam the barmen from us (Kelly &amp; Lorraine).I am more than happy to offer advice if you have questions regarding this hotel,,,, I highly recommend it.	
Mar 2 2008	At Home in the Helmsley Park Lane	Stayed here for my 40th birthday, what a great find. Excellent location on Central Park South, away from all that typical NY noise with killer views of Central Park. Ask very nicely, if you fancy an upgrade, we got upgraded to the 33rd floor with city and park views - amazing! Here's a few helpful tips:1. The Green Cafe (exit at the hotels back entrance and turn left, its just a few seconds walk on the left) does take away food and drink open 0600-1100 - huge selection 2. 5th Avenue only a very short stroll with the excellent Bergdorf Goodman on the corner3. The Heartland Bewery (one right next to the Empire State Building) is a great pub, expensive mind, but they brew their own beer and the food is lovely4. Get to the Empire State Builing early to avoid the crowds, must see is the Observatory on the 102nd floor, an enclosed area5. Have a drink at Whisky Park, only 2-3 mins walk from hotel, get a table with a view of Central Park6. Go see the Planetarium show at the Museum of Natural History, it is truly outstandingAbout the Hotel:1. Yes it needs a make over, in particular our very tired bathroom, but you are not in New York to complain about pealing paint or seventies lighting, go have Sushi and a Cosmo instead2. Beds are huge and very comfy, our room was tidied to perfection each day3. Staff cannot be more helpful and curteous4. Lifts are incredibly speedy5. Room service is pricey , but fast, efficient and the best chips I have ever eaten6. A great hotel with an excellent location and spectacular views, we will stay here every time!!!!	
Feb 12 2008	Perfect for your Great Grandma	This place is a blast from the past. It's as if they hired an interior decorator back in the 1940s and haven't updated a thing since. Everything is falling apart. From the cracked mirrored ceilings in the hallways, to the peeling chintz wallpaper in the bathroom to the pink wall-to-wall carpet in the bedroom, to the sandpaper rough monogrammed towels. (Note: Nothing seemed dirty, just really worn out.) Except for the flat-screen TV, you'd think you went through a time portal. This place is badly in need of a multi-million dollar facelift. Once that happens, I'm sure that the room rate will quadruple because the location and views are awesome. The restaurant and bar are currently closed for renovations. So at least they're trying to right the wrongs.	
Jan 20 2008 	the perfect location.....	This was our 2nd stay in New York and we chose this hotelbecause of its location. Central Park is right outside the front door and all the museums, galleries, sights, subway and shops are comfortably in reach.The decor is somewhat dated but the room was very big and very comfortable. They gave us a room on the 45th floor with a view of the city and the park.....fantastic.Don't be put off by comments about the hotel - the staff werefriendly and helpful and you can't beat the location.There are loads of restaurants for breakfast and dinner within 5 minutes walk of the hotel so we ate out every day.Being right on Central Park, far enough away from the busiestpart of the city but still within easy reach of all the thingsyou need to see and do make the Helmsley the perfect spotfor a New York break.	
Jan 14 2008 	My birthday trip	We spent 4 nights at the Helmsley Park Lane Hotel and LOVED it! We arrived on the 9th of January 2008 and were upgraded to a kingsize room on 31st floor. The room was impresive in size and very accomodating with a partial but nice view of the neighbourhood (city view). I read a few bad reviews of the bathrooms and I must say, although they are somewhat dated the showers were really powerfull and the mirrors were fantastic for applying makeup, (which helps if u are a lady!:)). The room was cleaned twice day, lovely clean towels and fluffy robes. Everybody at the hotel from the cleaning lady to Reception staff seemed friendly and willing to help with any queries. The restaurant was good, too. Prices slightly on the expensive side but, then again, we knew that when we chose New York. The hotel is close to 5th avenue and just by the Park, so it makes it really easy to go for a brisk walk or just to go for a wonder.Well connected to the rest of Manhatan via tube stations and busses. We got lost on our way a few times just because we tried to find our way as we would do in London. It's a completely different system! Get a map! Ask for directions, people were very friendly!There is a lovely cafe just behind the Hotel with an amazing breakfast selection! We ate there every morning. Shopping was amazing, too!Overall, my choise of hotel was great! We loved it and I would reccomend it to everybody going to the big apple! I will be back!:))	
Jan 12 2008 	Lovely Views	We arrived 2.30am after a 5 hour flight from Vegas, Hotle check in was professional,we were allocated a room on the 14th floor, as we had a poor view from the luxor in Vegas we wanted a room with a view !! we were then given a room on the 40th floor...wow what a view!! overlooking the Plaza and to the left Cenral park,at night the view was a typical New York skyline view that everyone imagines.The rooms were clean,tidy and comfortable,although the funishings were a bit outdated, we didnt mind as we only slept in the room....if you stay in these rooms longer you are missing out on the great New York experience !!.Staff were very nice and helpfull, we ate out all the time as it was so cheap compared to the U.K.,the portions were huge!We Visited all the sights,Statue of Liberty,Ground Zero,Empire State,Times Square,it was central to everywhere,5th ave is round the corner.If you reqd a famous Yellow cab the staff would get one for you as you waited ,which would be a minute at the most !!(still to meet a New Yorker Driving one)Overall the hotel is in need of a change of decor but wouldnt put us off going again to this centrally located hotel	
Jan 7 2008 	Very well located	I guess all New York Hotels are expensive but this one was extremely expensive in comparisson to what you get.Old beds with old bed spreads, not a good service.Old carpets, old bathroom, everything very very old.	
Dec 21 2007	Shabby Park Lane	Stayed 4 nights in city view room the week before Christmas, marketed as 5 star hotel. Not true. Room is very shabby. The enamel finish gone from tub, sliding thin plastic toilet seat, dripping paint and disgusting carpet. Electrical sockets were so worn out the lamps kept unplugging themselves and the furniture was missing drawer pulls and cabinet handles. The staff for the most part was kind and helpful. However, service was inconsistent. Quality depended entirely on the individual serving you.The location is fabulous. On Central Park, short walk to the Metropolitan Opera, MOMA, best shopping in the world. If you can get a 2 star price, it is great just for convenience. Otherwise skip it and go elsewhere.	
Dec 12 2007 	Top class will be staying in this hotel again!	Having read differing reviews on this hotel didn't really know what to expect however from the moment we checked in we weren't disappointed. The reception area was very smart and the staff were very friendly. Our room was initially a 'city view' room on the top floor however when the porter opened the door it hadn't been serviced so he quickly found us another room which we didn't like. A quick call to reception and we were immediately found another on the 38th floor overlooking Central Park! The room was large with quality furniture and flat screen TV, the bed was very comfortable and the shower was the most powerful we have ever had in any hotel anywhere in the world. The maid was very efficient and the room and bathroom were spotlessly clean. The hotel is ideally located with all the main shopping areas, Broadway etc within easy walking distance. Will be going back in 2008 for sure couldn't fault it.	
Dec 3 2007 	Lovely Hotel	We stayed here from 24th -29th Nov. Having read some of the reviews I was a bit unsure, but it was wonderful, beautiful hotel and really nice at the moment with the Christmas decorations. Our room on 44th floor was great, okay the mirrors on the ceiling in the hall are a bit tacky, but overall everything was fine. Staff were lovely and room attendants were more than helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Their restaurant Room with a View is beautiful for dinner	
Nov 18 2007	Fantastic hotel	I stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane for 3 nights in November. Like mostpeople i did research before i went and read some reviews about how terrible the hotel was (dirty bathrooms, wall papers coming off the walls etc), but i have to say the bedroom and bathroom was very very clean, i saw no wall paper coming off the walls. When we arrived, check in was very easy and fast and we were taken straight up to our room and found a double bed when we had asked for a twin. One quick call and we were in a large clean double twin room. I would definatelystay at this hotel again would would recommend it to friends. The location is fantastic, 5th avenue is about a 2 min walk away and time square is about a 15 minutes walk, there is also a bus stop over the road for a hop on hop off bus sight seeing tour which i would also recommend doing.	
Nov 14 2007 	A long history long forgotten	I stayed at the Helmsley 4 nights on a business trip. The location is really nice you are in Central Park, you have the 5th avenue very close. But that is about it.The hotel is old and it would really need a lot of refreshing. Which is a petty when you consider the long history of the place. I was extremely disabpointed, especially when you consider the price. the rooms are of decent size, but nothing overstanding at all.The front desk is not friendly at all, a few people tried reaching me in my room and they were told that I was not registered in their hotel.The concierges were all extremely helpful and friendly. I asked them for a variety of restaurants around and they were always able to give me exactly what I was searching for.Next door to the hotel at Central Park level you have a nice place for breakfast call Sarabeth's. Overall I will probably not stay there anymore.	
Nov 12 2007	Fantastic Views	My wife and I were absolutley wowed by the stunning Central Park views from our 23rd floor room - and by night the skyline was even more impressive. We were generaly impressed by the hotel overall, and were puzzled by less than complementary reviews we had read prior to our stay.The room service was good , as was the food. The staff were friendly and efficient and the room was clean and well presented.However, a tip I would pass on to anyone considering staying here would be to get down for breakfast early or you will have a long wait.	
Nov 6 2007 	No way a four star+ or the posh hotel it would like to be	Had the misfortune to stay here at the end of my honeymoon. Booked through virgin which rated this as a 4star plus hotel, get real!!The decor is old, truly awful and dated. Our first room was one the older rooms and virtually every piece of furniture was broken or damaged in some way. I have stayed in 2 stars in new york that were nicer. It is a 3 star hotel at the very best and that is after being moved to a renovated room with part view of the park.The location is good and the part park view was nice but location alone does not make a hotel classy or of this rating. It was a bad finish to a great honeymoon where the other hotels were amazing and lived up to their ratings.The staff were friendly but the hotel needs to stop pretending it is something it isn't, it would be great as a cheap stay in a good location but by no stretch of the imagination is this hotel luxury or worth the luxury price tag!!	
Nov 4 2007 	Old decor; Antique staff; Good location	Helmsley Park Lane is reasonably priced for it's prime location, directly across from Central Park, amid much higher-priced hotels, tony apartments, and high-end restaurants. We (40-somethings traveling with a teenager) found we're too old to be crammed into anything close to Times Square, and it felt good to return to the relative peace and &quot;class&quot; of this block. I did inquire when booking(directly through in-house reservations) if the room was recently renovated, and was told the entire hotel had been. Unfortunately, I think &quot;recently renovated&quot; meant they had recently hung a flat screenTV on the wall of a room otherwise untouched since 1964. We went cheap and settled for a city view room, but on a higher floor.(Perhaps only the park view rooms are truly updated?) Our double/double non-smoking room was huge, sufficiently clean, and quiet -- It's was just all SO horribly ugly! I can only describe the decor as what a crazy old lady who shops at garage sales might think is FANCY.Creepy cream-colored &quot;ornate&quot; dressers with edges rubbed with &quot;gold&quot;; floral bedspreads, with floral wallpaper that by no stretch of the imagination could be said to &quot;coordinate&quot;; lamps with &quot;ornate&quot;golden swans; mirrors on the hallway ceilings. (It reminded me a little of Binion's Horseshoe in downtown Las Vegas, which actually TRIES to look like an antique bordello) Even if all of it had been NEW, it would have been UGLY; but the fact that it was all so old and worn in addition to being ugly, cast the hotel in a creepy dim light. (Perhaps staying the weekend before Halloween tainted our perception -- We kept expecting to see Leona's ghost!) It is flat outamazing that a hotel can get away with not updating its decor, at least once every couple decades. The beds themselves were hard, and bedding was thin and scratchy. Oh, and the bellmen and doormen were easily over 75 years old -- We seriously felt bad asking them to do anything; and we did have to ASK for them to do everything, andloudly at that! So...Is it worth staying here for a big, cheap room in a great location? Hard call.	
Oct 30 2007 	Bordello decor	It's a cheap room in a great neighborhood. The other hotels on the block have the same views and are much nicer places, but are many times the cost. The decor is a hoot, with mirrored ceilings in the hallways. It's run down, has a small lobby and bar, the food is OK and the views of the park are great.	
Oct 26 2007	Enjoyable Experience - Great Staff	My wife and I were travelling on our honeymoon and stayed here for 5 nights before departing to Vegas. The hotel is very well located between 5th and 6th avenue with some great views of Central Park. We were fortunate enough to get a half park/half city view room on the 42nd floor. The decor is a bit dated in the halls and sometimes can get too much to look at! The rooms were very nice with 2 visits by the maids per day. The 'Room with a view' Restaurant in the hotel was great. Excellent, professional service with equally good food. If you are staying in NY, I would recommend the tour busses. Each trip costs $40 but the ticket last for 24 hours so you can use it for a day afterwards and hop on and off where you feel like, but on the Uptown and Downtown trips, the bus stops right outside this hotel! If your not used to the hurried atmosphere of NY like we werent, Mickey Mantles Sports bar a few doors down from the HPL is great to relax in.The main thing we liked about this hotel though was the service. The Concierge, receptionists &amp; barmen all rememebered us both, they asked where we were going that night, if we enjoyed it when we came back, they got us taxis, remembered what we drank and the list goes on. Thats what made it best for us.	
Oct 23 2007 	Dowager on the Park	Yes, it's old fashioned - the corridor floor carpet and wall papers aren't easy on the eye. Yes it's expensive, yes it's a little frayed round the edges.ButWe had a lovely room on the 33rd floor. Elevators always swiftly available. Very comfortable bed, great shower, all the equipment in the room you need. Hotel bar small, but served a massive gin and tonic and good nibbles.Breakfast very good and very expensive - but you are paying for the experience: an ornate dining room with a massive 1st floor window overlooking Central Park. Lots of service.1 check in clerk was incredibly slow, the other pleasant and swift. Really helpful Concierge. Door man very good, but bell boys (combined age 200+ [we asked]) were useless with luggage when we left. They just stood and looked at it, even though we had tipped everyone as we went along.Location is terrific.So I think you get what you pay for, and if I could get a good rate I'd definitely stay again. We enjoyed our 4 day stay very much.	
Oct 21 2007 	Mixed bag	The renovated rooms are certainly better than the unrenovated ones, but even then it's a mixed bag. Some things have been upgraded, but a lot of the furnishings are still old. Pillows weren't down, bed was somewhat hard, A/C didn't work well (it was unusually warm for October). I'd only recommend staying here if you really wanted the view over Central Park for a cheaper price than at some of the other hotels along CPS (Essex, Ritz, etc.).	
Oct 18 2007 	Very Helpful 	Booked the break through Lastminute.com which was fairly straightforward although the flights were with Air France..Never, ever again will we fly with these for many reasons but as for the Helmsley Park Lane, I cannot say more than fabulous! We really enjoyed the location, the staff were friendly, especially Anthony the concierge who made several calls on our behalf to find our lost luggage (Air France again)..anyway, great location for the shopping and with no luggage, this came in very useful. Drinks in Harrys Bar are typically high hotel prices but huge measures, particularly the Sambuca so beware.Just a short walk to the very hot but very efficient Metro network and with Cabs never too far away and a Horse drawn carriage for the more romantic/affluent of you this was altogether a decent place. The room we had (3406) was a little dated particularly the bathroom and also it was facing the back of all the other high rises although as a city room, pretty much what we expected. I can imagine the Park View rooms beings superb. You must do the Helicopter tour of the Big Apple, excellent !All in all, forgetting Air France, a very enjoyable stay and we will definately be returning. Cliff	
Sep 26 2007 	Not bad but not great	This is a well located hotel with a great sweeping lobby. When booking the room (through Expedia) we did not ask for the Park side which was more expensive so we got a fairly bland view of the city, but this was not an issue. The room was huge with reasonable amenities in it (a small fridge and a free safe). The room was clean, well maintained and comfortable and nicely decorated but lacked a 'wow' factor which I had expected in such a well positioned and famous hotel. The bathroom was okay but nothing special. So this was a good hotel but not really the experience I had expected.	
Sep 21 2007 	So very very nice!	Beautiful rooms 3815/3814 with views everywhere! Friendly and helpful front desk staff (thanks Christina!). Breakfast overlooking central park with excellent waiters and food. Room service made soup to order for our 11 year old. You can't go wrong here. Near all the shopping. It's where you want to stay and be pampered!	
Sep 18 2007 	Bit run-down	First - the good things:1. Easy to connect and well-priced wireless internet access in the room (I travel for business so this is high on my list)2. Nice flat screen tv3. Fast elevatorsNow, the &quot;not-so-good&quot; things:1. Ditto previous reveiwers...peeling wall paper, decor on the tacky side (1960s pink wall paper with a dark green dirty rug)2. Very worn and run-down bathroom3. Everything in room looked worn (except for the new TV) - I just keep looking at the dirty green rug and wondering how this could be classified as a luxury hotel?4. Bed linen was dingy and worn5. Clock radio was technology that I didn't recognize, Circa 1960 maybe?6. Noisy ventilation system7. Blinds didn't close8. No coffee pot in the room9. No mini bar in the room. Went downstairs to the lobby shop (aka the Lobby closet) No water there either.10. No chain on the door11. No light above the tub and very dim lighting by the sinkI noticed the room across the hall is being renovated. I'm glad they are renovating this grand, but aging hotel...could have done without the constant flow of F-bombs from the men working on the project.Not the worst but not the best ...the Hilton Times Square is still my favorite hotel in NYC.	
Sep 15 2007 	Aging Dowager	Booked by my company at the Helmsley Park Lane, I was excited, as I had never stayed there and looked forward to the experience.Set on Central Park South, this hotel is in a great location. My room (4315) had a &quot;partial view&quot; of the park. Not bad really.I was encouraged by the attentive and friendly check-in staff and, aside from some construction work going on inside the lobby, we were off to a great start.Once onto my floor, I noticed that the wallpaper was in need of repair (not to mention that it was gaudy and quite dated). Could this be a sign of things to come??? Yes!My room was large enough and high enough to get a good view, but was obviously aging and in need of a major upgrade. The wallpaper and paint were peeling away and the furnishings must have been grand...in their day. The bathroom was small, but with a large tub. However, it was shoddy and unkempt. The vanity was out of a bad 60's movie and the caulking around the tub was moldy and pealing. Even where things were &quot;repaired&quot; it seems that no attention at all was paid to detail. The repaired grout in the floor for instance, did not match the original.The bed was large and comfy, but not a &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; by any means.Finally, the windows did not fully seal, so street noise and wind were easily heard.Now, this IS New York, so I didn't spend a great deal of time in my room, but when you are staying at a hotel with the famous Helmsley name, you expect a little more. This room was a little less.I hear that they are remodeling and that my room may be one of the last to be done, so this review should be tempered with that information.I'd say that, despite the decor and shoddy repair work, I actually had a comfortable stay at the late Leona's place. It's not the best, but it's not the worst either.	
Sep 7 2007 	Not bad but not quite as smart as they like to think	We stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane for my birthday treat from my partner so I can't complain as he had to pay for the both of us.The Park Lane is a good hotel in a great area, but it is not in the same league as some of the other smart hotels facing Central Park e.g. The Plaza. Still it is nice to rub shoulders with those who can afford to stay at the posher hotels. The hotel is looking a little tired and in need of a makeover. Our room had peeling paint over the shower and the plug to the bath would not work. The corridor outside had peeling wallpaper, which is suprising given the status of the hotel and its pretentions to be 'one of the leading hotels in the world'.Still, the small niggles aside, the rooms were large and well appointed with nice touches like complementary umbrellas, dressing gowns (bathrobes) and slippers. Our room was on the 21st floor with a downtown view, so we didn't experience the view down central park, just the back of some fairly ugly tower blocks.The staff seemed attentive and the rooms were well cleaned, so I have no complaints.Overall, the Helmsley Park Lane is a good, but not great hotel, in a fantastic location. I would stay there again, but would try to get a park view!	
Aug 31 2007 	Great Experience!	We used Hotels.Com for the first time, and I was a bit apprehensive about how we would be received; have read/heard that many hotels treat consolidators as second class citizens. Didn't need to worry! From our very gracious greeting at our early check-in (and arriving around 11 a.m. after flying all night), we received nothing but first-class, ***** star service. We asked for a renovated non-smoking room when we checked in. One wasn't available at that time (one in smoking was) so we accepted the non-renovated room. (They did tell us a renovated room would possibly be available a little later in the day.) Lovely room, large, good city view -- but very poor air conditioning. We went out for lunch, and when we got back, it was apparent the room hadn't gotten any cooler. My husband went down to the desk and came back with new key card to a non-smoking renovated room on another floor -- GREAT air conditioning, lovely room -- even bigger -- with a partial view of Central Park! Enjoyed our 5 night stay SO much! Tried room-service once; expensive (as are most meals we found in NYC!) but excellent food, presentation and service. The hotel is right next-door to a major subway line, which made commuting to the U.S. Open in Flushing Meadows very easy! All in all, we loved the Helmsley Park Lane and hope to make this an annual tradition!	
Aug 27 2007	fantastic views	We were only staying in nyc for one night and were celebrating a special occasion and very kindly the management upgraded our room.The room's views ( 45th floor) were truly amazing, it made you not want to leave the room and we just kept on taking photos! The hotel is very central, in an ideal location, the room was enormous with a good size bathroom, plasma tv and nicely decorated.We had breakfast delivered to our room and enjoyed it sitting at our room table next to the window overlooking at central park and the buildings downbelow, priceless!The breathtaking views of our hotel room really made our 48 hrs in nyc that bit more special and made the experience unforgettable.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great Stay at the Helmsley Park Lane	We stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane for tenth nights in August 2007. We had booked a double room convertible to triple, and when we arrived we found out the crew had to still instale the rolling bed. A quick call to the reception took care of that. Although the hotel style is maybe quite old-fashioned, everything in the room was very comfortable from the King size bed to the rolling one, and the bathroom had perfectly working faucets and amenities. The AC was working perfectly too, which was good since the first days of our stay were really hot. The staff was also very helpful and caring, and would attend quik enough to our needs. We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived to the room one evening to find a dish of chocolate-covered strawberries awaiting us. This kind of details show the care of the hotel.We couldn't get a Central Park view room, but the recpcionist, at our deception provided us with a room at the 40th floor which granted us great views of the city.All in all, we had a fantastic stay at the Helmsley Park Lane and will go there again next trip to NYC we plan.	
Aug 13 2007	The Helmsley Park Lane -- great location.	It's always nice when you arrive early at your hotel and your room is ready. The front desk staff at the Park Lane provided a nice welcome. We were early but our room was ready. We booked a room facing Central Park. When we arrived, I asked for a renovated room. The hotel is old, and some of the rooms are renovated. Our greeter explained to us that rooms facing Central Park are not yet renovated. He explained that they were old, but very spacious. Boy was he right. The furniture and the wallpaper were probably from the '70's, but the room was huge. It was on the 19th Floor. The view was spectacular. There was a flat-screen TV, which was nice. The bathroom was spacious, with room for all of our toiletries, and more room to spare. The towels were large and fluffy. The water pressure in the shower was great, and the water hot.There were two closets in the room, with a safe, two nice bathrobes, and a large umbrella. The location of the hotel was great, with subway stations, restaurants, and shopping nearby. All round this was a very comfortable room.The concierge and bellmen were very helpful and answered many questions that we had about the area, subway use, etc.We will definitely book this hotel again on our next trip. Next time we will request a renovated room with a city view, just to try something new there.	
Aug 1 2007 	Awesome	Our room was a Deluxe (33rd floor) King and our stay was lovely . The view of Central Park was stunning, housekeeping was great, room service was fast, and overall it was a great experience. The location is perfect---5th Avenue, museums, short walk to Broadway shows, subway is 1/2 block away, and after all the bustle a nice walk in Central Park makes it perfect.The only flaw: the bathroom needs remodeling. The bathroom is a bit dingy and aged, although the shower its self was powerful and better than most.Other than the bathroom, this was was a large, nicely decorated, and very quiet room with an amazing view of Central Park. I would book again--and again--especially with the Hotel.com 4 nights discount (otherwise it is expensive).	
Jun 10 2007 	This is Luxury?	I regularly visit New York on business and am very familiar with the nicer New York hotels. I had been to the Helmsley several years ago and remember a good value for the money. My latest trip was a surprise. I was very disappointed with the general run down condition of the rooms. My room cost $700 a night and I have fairly high expectations for that kind of money. The first problem was broken plumbing which prevented me from taking a shower. THe next morning I complained and the very helpful staff did provide me with a new room. Both bathrooms had pealing wall paper and the second bathtub looked stained and very well used. The counter top was cracked and also stained. They had recently re carpeted the second room and they used cheesy maroon carpet that looked like it belonged in the kids TV room. The rooms were really no nicer that a Holiday Inn or a Ramada and NOT worth the price. On check out day, I attempted to call the front desk to have my car brought around but the found the phone dead. I will return to this hotel only after I've read that they have down a gut rehab.	
Jun 6 2007 	Enjoyed the Park Lane	We were pleasantly surprised at the Park Lane where we stayued for a weekend. The small but elegant lobby on Central Park South is augmented by an extension going down to 58th St., with tables and chairs, and an ouitdoor section also with tables and chairs. Service was excellent. Our room was on the 36th floor with a view downtown (not the Park - that was more expensive). Thke room was adequate buitcomfortable, with queen bed, dresser, desk, two easy chairs and table, lots of drawer space, good bathroom with bath/shower combo and lots of room for toiletries, plus enormous bath towels. They evenhad an umbrella in the closet, pluks terry cloth robes and slippers. All very luxurious, and at a terrific online price. We could walk to theater and restaurants.	
Jun 6 2007 	A shaky start but very pleased overall.	We got a very low rate on-line (averaging $229/night) and were pleasantly surprised despite our city view room. It was large, comfortable, well appointed with a plasma TV and refrigerator. Not all rooms are renovated, however, so be sure to request one when booking or checking in. Our room keys never worked for the first TWO (of the seven) days we had booked. We literally had to call security every time we returned to our room -- and they had some trouble getting in as well. When, after they claimed to have replaced the lock on the second day, and our keys STILL didn't work, I made some noise. Long story short, we were upgraded to a gorgeous Central Park view room on the 41st floor for our remaining five days in NYC. Problem solved and we were delighted with our new digs. The staff was helpful and friendly. Housekeeping was invisible and efficient. We enjoyed our stay very much despite the shaky start. Know that although many hotels in NYC suffer from very small rooms, the Helmsley is not one of them. They are huge by comparison. We enjoyed our stay and would definitely return in to the Park Lane again. P.S. They have a great exercise room compared to most, if you're into weight training rather than just aerobics. Several Cebex machines cover all major body groups. A couple of treadmills and a stair stepper round out their &quot;better than most&quot; setup.	
May 31 2007 	Shock 	We were in New York for a wedding and stayed at the Park Lane because many of the guests were staying there. Our rate was very reasonable, so our expectations were modest at best..After a wonderful greeting by the bellmen, the desk clerk told us that we had been upgraded to a one bedroom suite with a park view...he also said we would really like our room. So did the bellman who took up our luggage.We lived in New York for many years, so &quot;views&quot; have to be very special to take our breath away. The view of Central Park from our windows were just that. We loved it.The suite was very large, with two bathrooms, available wi-fi, plasma tv's in each room and very comfortable beds. We did have room service for an early afternoon snack and breakfast the next morning. While expensive, the food was delicious, the service friendly and efficient, which added to the experience.While I'm not sure that we would be upgraded in the future, I would definitely return to the Park Lane in the future.	
May 26 2007	The audacity of the matire'd	I was on a business trip and my boss who always stays at the same hotel. I went to breakfast just an hour before I was supposed to meet my boss downstairs for a very important meeting. Ordered an OMLETTE (takes 6 mins tops to make) from the very expensive breakfast menu and started waiting for my order to come. I waited and waited... 45 minutes later still nothing... 50 minutes nothing... Pissed off but not showing it I got up to leave and got told off by the maitre d'. He said &quot;You know how difficult to make those! blah blah blah&quot; and he was old so I sat down and complied. omlette finally came at the last five minutes. Had only one bite and met my boss. The next day my boss criticised me for making a scene at the breakfast room. I couldn't believe the audacity of the man. I paid something like 35 dolars and tax for that stupid omlette that I couldn't ate and got told on. Oh and the hotel looks beautiful but in every way I prefer Morgans which I switched to as soon as my meetings came to an end.	
May 25 2007 	Pleasantly surprised!	I was pleasantly surprised when I walked into the lovely lobby at the Park Lane Hotel. I was even more surprised when I opened the door to my spacious and well decorated room. (The room looked like it was decorated with antiques in a blue/orange motif.) The room is much larger than you would find in other NYC hotels. Having stayed at another Helmsley hotel on the other side of Manhattan (which I did not care for at all) I was not expecting this hotel to be so luxurious. I stayed only one night on a weekend, and wished I could have stayed longer. The location is excellent for walking through Central Park and is close to Carnegie Hall. The shopping nearby is, of course, phenomenal.You will not be disappointed if you stay at The Park Lane.	
May 23 2007 	Fantastic!	A wonderful option @ a wonderful location! Stayed for one night whileattending a fundraiser. The room had view of central park, was extremely spacious, huge closets, clean bathroom with comfy towels, well equipped w/ kits, flat screen tv. Staff was very helpful and attentive. If you want a great breakfast, Sarabeth's is two door down!...Bergdorf Goodman's is only steps away and has some wonderful shopping, food and hair salon!	
May 12 2007	Great hotel better than expected	We were invited to New York to be a guest on a talk show. Our stay in New York was very short...actually less than 24 hours. After reading such awful reviews on other sites, I was kind of afraid to stay there. I kept saying to myself, the show would not make us stay at a rinky dink hotel....I know they wouldn't.We arrived May 8 at around 10 PM. The hotel lobby was grand, and the receptionist were friendly, kind and well mannered. We were quickly escorted to our room which was pretty large. The bell hop put our luggage away, turned on the lights and the TV, and wished us a great night. Our bed was already turned down, and chocolates were at the bedside. There was fresh fruit and Fuji water on the table....nice touch! The plasma TV was a very nice touch, since it is the first hotel that I stayed in that has such a feature.The bathroom was clean, the grout sparkling white. The sink was deep. There was a magnify mirror which help me see every unwanted blemish on my face. A blow dryer was mounted, but we did not turn it on, The bathtub/shower combination was nice. The water pressure was good, the water hot. I did not experience standing water in the tub like I read in other reviews which actually made me nervous. There was absolutely no problem with the sink or shower. The towels in the bathroom were the biggest I ever came across in a hotel. I have large hips, and the bathtowel covered me very well, and there was extra to go around. There were soap, shampoo, conditioner, shower cap, shoe polisher, lotion, etc... on the bathroom counter top for your convenience.The beds were super comfortable. I fell asleep that night and did not awake until the AM. We were only on the 12th floor, so our window view was of another building. If I was staying longer than 12 hours, I would have wanted a better view.  The hotel is located right across from Central Park on the corner of Avenues of the Americas. The night we got in we went for a walk which was around 10:30 PM, and within minutes we were at Radio City Music Hall, Rockerfeller Center and the NBC studios. We ran into an artist on the street who was doing portraits, and for $5 and nearly 1 hour sitting, my daughter got a awesome portrait which was almost a replica of herself.We did not eat at the hotel, and we did not order room service. There are plenty of deli's, etc... in walking distance from the hotel if you don't mind walking a short distance. Overall, I had a great experience. I would stay here again especially in a room with a view. I would also recommend this hotel to anyone,	
May 1 2007 	Great hotel !	We stayed at the Helmsley P.Lane for 8 days in April. Check in was very quick and we were given a room on the 44th floor with a fantastic view of the city and Central Park ( see photos). I found out that it was one of the rooms that had been renovated on the top floors ( those who end with 10 ) , elevators were just fine, hardly had to wait more than 30 seconds to get a ride up to our room.Wi Fi worked just fine, had no problems connecting to the internet. The hotel is very well situated and i found the people at the reception very friendly and attentive. We did not eat at the hotel's restaurant , but room service was excelent and the rooms were spotless clean and the bed was very confortable. Every morning there was a copy of the NY Times waiting for us at the door. Plasma TV was great too !I can only recommend this hotel to everyone, i could not recognise any of the bad stuff that i read on other reviews !Couple from Danmark, Europe	
Mar 28 2007 	The Grand Lady is still Grand	I was a guest at the Park Lane many years ago and on a recent trip, after reading online reviews, I decided to revisit.We were not disappointed. Yes, some of the rooms were a bit dated, but that is true for many of the older hotels. The room was spacious by current standards, the room was clean and the bathroom was very clean. We even had a nice view and a king size bed. Room service was prompt and showed an extraordinary attention to detail. The restaurant was a bit pricy but not out of line for a New York hotel. The lobby is impressive but most of all the staff was fabulous. I would certainly revist the Park Lane and recommend it to others. P.S. The cost of the stay was much less than other New York hotels of similar quality. The Grand Lady is still Grand.JPW, Wilmington Delaware	
Mar 23 2007	Faded Somehat Neglected But Still a Good Choice	The Park Lane was a frequent stop of mine in the '80's. The location and park views were, and remain, unmatched. I hadn't stayed there in twenty years when I came across a great price on TripAdvisor. Completely unlike me, because I had stayed there so often before, I booked the room before reading the reviews. Then I read the reviews and then I was concerned. But time was short and I decided to proceed. Some of the negative comments leave me baffled, for instance slow elevators and rude, indifferent staff. I was on the 29th floor and never had to wait for an elevator and they were extremely fast. All staff were friendly and helpful, well above average. Some complain about turn down service. Well I'm not in NYC to be in my room in the evening and love to return to a turned down bed. Simply leave a Do Not Disturb sign on your door if you object. But the Park Lane's turn down service is the best: bedding, chocolates, trash emptied, towels replenished, room tidied. What's not to like? What I do have to agree with is that the rooms are very much in need of an update. The furniture and decor make it like entering a time warp; in fact, nothing has changed since I was last there in 1986. It's sad that what should be one of the premier hotels in the city has been allowed to age so. Despite this, housekeeping did a superb job with what they have and my room and bathroom were immaculate. Also park rooms are quite spacious, although non park rooms are only average in size. So, if you want a super location, are fortunate to have a park view room, want a friendly, clean hotel and are willing to settle for out-of-date decor, then the Park Lane's a good choice. On balance, I'll definitely go back. But Leona, please spend a few of the billions Harry left you and bring the Park Lane back to its former glory.	
Mar 21 2007 	Feel like a celebrity!	Located right across from Central Park, this hotel will make you feel like royalty. Horses and carriages await across the street while the hotel staff is quick to answer your every request. And I do mean you will feel like a celebrity. At one point, we walked out and found ourselves flanked by men with machine guns. Apparently, a celebrity or dignitary was next door at Mickey Mantle's restaurant and the extra security was necessary.Our room on the 32nd floor was utilitarian but comfortable. Lots of thick rich towels, robes, and slippers. Flat screen TV and wireless Internet provided with no issues. We were missing a refrigerator from our room but when mentioned at the front desk, they were happy to provide one. Although upscale, they still use the horrible scratchy fingernail-catching bed covers. Room temperature is tough to control but we coped by turning on the fan and and raising the heat. Elevators are plentiful and fast. Staff is very attentive and pleasant. Location is perfect and within easy walking access to everything from Times Square to Central Park, from Rockefeller Centre and Radio City Music Hall to some of the best restaurants in the city.Tour buses are just across the street and the subway is just down the block. Very convenient! But very expensive if you don't watch for a sale. We would stay here again in a heartbeat as long as we can catch a reduced rate.	
Mar 21 2007 	Careful with the concierge!	We had a wonderful stay at the Helmsley Park lane: the hotel is in a great location, our room was great, spacious, modern and sophisticated.The hotel restaurant has a very nice view but is really expensive. Worth going for a coffe and a croissant just to read a newspaper and feel rich. But we had a very unpleasant experience with a dishonest concierge. I asked him for tickets for the Blue Man Group and he told us they were very, very difficult to find but that he would still try to get them for us. He got back to me with a US$ 400 ticket (I was lucky that night, he said). I said no thanks but just out of curiosity called the theatre. They had tickets for any night of our stay and we bought, for less then US$ 200, tickets in a great place for that same night. I should've called the police!	
Mar 16 2007 	A Mixed Bag	Before I travelled to New York I read, as a matter of course, all the reviews on TripAdvisor with regard to the Park Lane. I really wanted to stay here as it is central and has views of Central Park from some of the rooms. Having read the reviews I was somewhat hesitant in booking the room but thought, how bad can it be as I was only going to be there for two nights!Before I booked the room I thought I would ask the Park Lane to defend their hotel and give me some level of reassurance as to the state of the rooms. Despite emails to several people, including Mr Anoussis the general manager, I received absolutely no response. I made an assumption that the hotel staff could not make any assurances on the basis, they did not have any faith in their own hotel. This was a shame, but in such a litigious environment perhaps not so surprising.Regardless, I decided I would book the hotel. My opinion is this…On the minus side. The rooms are a bit dated, in fact think 1970s (‘Whatever Happened to The Likely Lads’, Paisley print shirts with long wing collars… that kind of thing!) and you’ll have an idea about the décor. Possibly kitsch, but that really depends upon your taste. Personally I was not bothered one way or the other.The bathroom, like the bedroom, was in need of a refurbishment (or at a minimum a good steam clean). There was a fridge in the bathroom, which is a nice touch, but not one we took advantage of. As I could not find an ice vending machine I made the assumption you needed to take ice from the fridge or call room service. Again, the room is very 1970s (purple wallpaper on the walls… and ceiling! Interesting but dated wall lights) and the fixtures are showing their age… except the hairdryer.In general, let me repeat, the room is dated and really deserves a remodel in my opinion!But then we have the positives. Ignoring the unanswered emails, I found the hotel employees to be pleasant, helpful and a real credit to the hotel. The room was of a good size, plenty of hanging space and drawers and in a nod to modernism there was an LCD TV on the wall. The safe was interesting too. Rather than the ‘think of a number’ type, it uses your credit card, simply swipe it through to lock and then use the same card to unlock.But there is one really great reason to stay here… the view. If you get a park view room the down sides fade into insignificance, well… they did for us. I spent an hour sitting on the window ledge looking over the park and reading the paper… didn’t even notice the wallpaper behind me! And it is as pleasant at night as it is during the day.Right outside the door, you have 5th Avenue and its sensational array of shops. Or you can hop on a horse drawn carriage for a trip around the park, they park right outside the hotel… but can be a little pricey!So all in all, I recommend this hotel so long as you are looking for a sensational New York vista at a reasonable price and can live with dated but functional furnishings. Make sure you get a park view though!I guess it is also worth considering, if the hotel did refurbish… the clientele would foot the bill. The neighbouring hotels also offering views of Central Park (Ritz, Trump, Jumeriah) probably have better furnishings, same view but are in a very different price band. Also worth considering that with property prices still booming in Manhattan (regardless of what happens in the rest of the US) there is always the possibility Helmsley will take the same route as the Plaza just down the street which has closed as a hotel and is being converted to condominiums, starting around the $1m mark and going up… considerably.Hope that helps!	
Mar 5 2007 	Needs a renovation	Here are the positive aspects first. The location is unbeatable and the park views are outstanding. The lobby, bar, breakfast, elevators, concierge, and staff were adequate. Our room had a flat screen tv and great internet connection, but no refrigerator.Our room did not have a shower curtain, mattress pad, or bottom sheet. These were problems that could be corrected. The decor was dreadful. The furniture and carpet were very worn and stained. The bathroom needed updating (badly). So it just felt dirty whether it actually was or not.However, some in our party had nicer rooms which had been somewhat updated. Their rooms were blue, and they had a city view. Our rooms were red, and there was not a view. The prices were the same.The halls also need updating.I've stayed at this hotel many times over the years because of the location and the price. I thought the decor was tacky and gaudy even when it was new, so it's just not my taste. But now it's just too worn out.The location is so perfect that many things can be overlooked. But I won't be back until there is a renovation.	
Feb 12 2007	Comfortable stay for work or sightseeing	I traveled to the Helmsley Park Lane for work and was very pleased with the location. The hotel is situated one block west of 5th Avenue and directly across the street from Central Park. CBS, FAO Schwarz, Tiffany's, Henri Bendel's, Rockefeller Center, St. Patrick's Cathedral and MOMA are all within walking distance. I had a double room facing the city. The tapestried headboards and aging furniture weren't as noticeable as the great view. Their was ample closet space, a minifridge under the bathroom sink, and a flat screen TV. The front desk manager was lovely but her staff seemed listless. The concierge was helpful. The bartenders at Harry's Bar were attentive. The housekeepers seem ever present so use your 'Do Not Disturb' sign if you want to avoid the housekeeper's 10:30pm knock for turn down service. Their is a small workout center on the lower level. I was looking for an Elliptical machine but this hotel doesn't offer one. The Cybex machines were great though. Overall, my stay at the Helmsley was comfortable and I would stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 1 2007	Why the bad reviews??	After reading other reviews about this hotel on Tripadvisor,I wasnt sure what to expect when we pulled up outside in the taxi.When we got to the desk the receptionist said our room was ready on the 21st floor(city view).The room was spotlessly clean,large and with a great view.Never went into the bar...as we spent most of our days shopping!!I did find everyone on the desk very helpful.I read one review that said the lift was slow....all the lifts were like the speed of sound!!The guys on the doors were always helpful.A tip if you dont want to have breakfast in the hotel there are 2 good delis nearby.The Green cafe,just outside the back entrance to the hotel and Angelos on 6th Ave...both cheap and great food.So maybe I got lucky,but I found the hotel great and the location,probably the best in New York.	
Jan 13 2007 	decent rooms very bad service	The positives: The room and bathroom were clean and spacious. The bed was comfortable. The hotel is located right in front of central park and the location is certainly a plus point. The negatives: The staff of this hotel is very disorganised, unhelpful and SLOW. I had booked this hotel many days in advance through my travel agent and made complete advance payment for the room. Before my arrival in the evening at about 6 p.m., I called the front desk to ensure that everything was in order and was told that there was no booking in my name! I faxed them a copy of my payment confirmation and booking details, not once, but thrice, and was assured that the hotel staff would look into the matter. Upon my arrival, it was obvious that the staff members had not done anything about my case. They continued to tell me that there was no booking in my name and refused to let me check-in without obtaining my personal credit card details. Because I had to leave for a meeting urgently, I took the risk and provided them with my personal credit card details and was given a room after a long wait. I was told that the problem could be sorted out upon my return as the front-desk staff would be available upto 11 p.m. When I returned at about 10 p.m. the person on duty said that he could not do anything and that I would have to speak to the morning staff! I was awfully worried about being double charged. In the morning I called my travel agent and asked them to help me sort out the problem. Since they have a tie-up with this hotel, the matter was finally resolved.For a one night's stay, I could have lived without the headache and stress that I was put through.All the best!	
Dec 30 2006 	Don't waste your money	We recently stayed at the Park Lane for four nights. Our first problem was the room was not as explained to me when I made the reserrvations. After complaining, the necessary changes were, hesitantly, made but only after the bellman interceded for us.. The first room was dreadfully furnished and the bed actually sank in the middle. The second room was only larger and the bed didn't sink. The towels and robes were terribly rough and the slippers were mens large. There were numerous stains on the carpet and adequate reading lights were lacking. The A/C didn't cooladequately, so the first night was uncomfortable. Room service was the only pleasing part of my experience but items were omitted on every order. Most of the staff was too hurried and didn't have a friendly, helpful attitude. The entire hotel needs upgrading badly. I will absolutely never stay at this hotel on my next trip	
Dec 29 2006 	Location Location	This hotel is nice and has a great location. Sadly, we had a bad experience with an employee there and will not be back. The staff seemed friendly enough but not above-and-beyond service like the price implies. I am sure there are other places to stay that are cheaper in the area.	
Dec 15 2006 	There are better alternatives	My rating is probably generous. The only reason I gave this hotel the rating I did was because I received good service, which is rare in NY hotels. The room however, was a dump - small, old stained carpeting, peeling wallpaper, and outdated fixtures. The room just needed a complete overhaul. My company paid way too much for me to stay there. There are better alternatives for a similar price. I take many trips to Midtown Manhattan for business and I know from experience that most hotels in the area are dreadful. My favorites are the Essex House, which is right down the street from the Park Lane, or The New York Palace Hotel. Both have nice rooms and good service. I will stick to these two trusted favorites going forward. I do have one disclaimer, however, and that is that the Essex House has changed management since I have stayed there on a more regular basis. Therefore, I am not sure if anything has changed for the worse.	
Nov 29 2006 	Fantastic Location Good Service	My Girlfriend and I stayed here for the Thanksgiving holiday, decidedto sample the Holiday menu that was prepared for the guests.]I too have stayed at the Ritz and several other fine hotels of 4-5 star category. The views from my room upon arrival were of magnificent or betterCentral park with horse drawn carriage was just only a small -partof the grand view I had from my room. Plasma Tv and comfy bed only made it look and feel better. The hotel is located in NYC and of course the buildings are older compared to other cities like Miami/ Houston. But The rooms were extremely clean nicely decorated for the given location and age of buildings there.M y Thanks giving dinner outrageously delicious I had never had a Turkey so good ;it tasted as if it were just caught from the forrest.As well as the Wait Staff who only addressed me as Sir every time I was spoken too .It is my second time I stayed here I have been to the Hilton and I can only say that my stay here far surpassed my NYC stay at the Hilton. Location is great right near 5th ave and Tavern on the Green. Great weekend retreat especially during the holidays.	
Nov 20 2006 	Stay Elsewhere	This hotel is truly horrible. The rooms are in desperate need of updates. The previous reviewer who cited stained carpets, peeling wallpaper, etc. is absolutely spot on. In addition to the aforementioned issues, we also had a leaking sink in the bathroom (managed to soak the entire floor) and several burned out light bulbs. Additionally, we had some issues in which we did not feel the staff was very accommodating to our modest requests. The view is fabulous, especially in the fall. That is the only thing this hotel has going for it.	
Nov 8 2006 	People actually PAY to stay here!?	This hotel is very old, worn and in a state of disrepair. It's only redeeming grace was the wonderful view of Central Park that greeted me when I got out of bed in the morning. Problems noted included:stained carpetscracked headboard on the bedrusty door hingespeeling wallpaper and paintstained/worn floors in the bathroomlitte bugs around the shower fixtureholes in the walls from previous picture hangingsThe staff seemed pleasant enough, but they must take a lot of abuse from people who are outraged to pay such high prices for such a low quality hotel! I stayed here for business so didn't bother to complain (since it wasn't my $$), but had I paid for this from my own pocket, I would have been VERY disappointed. Yes, the views and the location are great -- but, as someone who used to live in NYC, I am amazed that a hotel with such low standards has managed to stay in business. The Helmsley hotel near the UN is in much better shape. Or, skip Leona's empire all together and stay somewhere else!	
Nov 6 2006 	Great position - awful hotel	As others have said, the position of the hotel is first rate (right between 5th and 6th, on Central Park South) but this cannot make up for a hotel that is faded and staffed by some of the rudest people in New York.Main complaints:-Bathrooms are old and stainedDecor is uglylifts are slow and inadequate leading to very long waitsno loungeno coffee shoprude and unhelpful staffthe darkest bar in NY45 floors but only one staff member at check inGood things:Free internetpositionclean roomsnice breakfast room (but expensive and slow service)In summary there are far better hotels in this area and at just the same price	
Oct 28 2006 	Very Overrated Lacking Business Ethics	The bellman let the cab drive off with one of our bags, for starters...the management ducked responsibility. The rooms were not up to par. If this hotel qualifies for Leading Hotels of the World, then so do most of the 3 star hotels in major cities. That is what I would rate it. I have traveled extensively, and have never been more disappointed, although the price was surprising low when I booked it. I guess I got what I paid for in the room, but the greatest disappointment was the complete lack of ethics by the management. After the bellman failed to get my wife's cosmetic &amp; jewelry bag out of the trunk of the cab, which arrives on a dimly lit Central Park Ave S street, only the bellman had enough moral terpitude to admit the mistake. While he admitted it was his job to get the bags out of the cab before it sped away, the hotel manager quickly started to duck. His only face-to-face comment was &quot;How do we know the bag wasn't left at the airport?&quot; When the bag turned up at the local police precinct, turned in by the cab driver the next morning, then you would think the hotel management would recognize the malfeasance on its part. No, they just refused to meet with me, sending the chief of security (a former NYC beat cop) to meet with me and deny liability. I was assured a manager would contact me before checkout, but when the time came and no contact, the manager again ducked out and claimed to be 'on the phone.' (I could see him talking to staff in a side room.) I was only able to file a report and document my claim (all of the valuables (jewelry and makeup, etc,) were gone from the bag when it was turned in to police) after having a heated exchange with the head of security. If I weren't a lawyer, they might have intimidated me. Be prepared for a fight if you have any problems at this hotel. The rooms, I might add, are partially renovated on some floors, but still have 50 yr old fixtures and doors. The 'deluxe king city views' were marred by a buidling renovation across the street, with big blue sheets of plastic and construction workers peering into the rooms. We looked at a Park view room, but it wasn't renovated and reminded me of a Super 8 we were forced to stay at one time. Yuck. Oh yea, when I read on Trip Advisor (after booking) that there was renovation going on and some rooms were not renovated, I personally called the hotel reservation to ask if that was the case and they assured me that there was no renovation going on and all the rooms were recently renovated. A BOLD FACED LIE! Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.	
Oct 23 2006 	The Cheapest Rooms Overlooking Central Park!	This hotel gets razzed a lot. If you book a room that does NOT overlook Central Park then you'll be paying too much for what you're getting qualitatively. There are certainly a slew of finer NYC hotel values in the $300-$500 range.I stayed overnight during a quick city visit with my wife. She loved the views of the park (the title above prompted the booking) and she's not picky (jackpot!). Realistically - critically - the room decor was a bit garish, and wear and tear shouldn't be evident in rooms of this price range - but it was, with a prominant carpet stain and minorly damaged wall paper in the bathroom. One telephone (of two) was inoperative. At check-in, we were given a room with two queen beds rather than a king as booked...The autumn views over the park were lovely though. If that is your goal (it was mine) then you can't get it for less. Park front competitors all charge at least 30% more for (a better room with) the same view. As a result, my wife and I enjoyed the beautiful views and overlooked the shortcomings.&quot;Queen of Mean&quot; octagenarian Leona Helmsley lives on the top floor of the hotel. Perhaps that vibe accounts for the property's shortcomings. The location of the hotel however couldn't be better otherwise.	
Oct 10 2006 	Needs some renovation	This hotel was ok. The location is perfect, facing the park. The desk clerks were nice and the bellhop who retrieved my checked luggage was extremely helpful. The room that I had was dated and worn out. It was sort of gaudy in a baroque way. The bathroom needed some work, for instance the mirror was loose on the wall. Slow elevators. Perhaps I would stay here again- if I found a bargain I would not be opposed because of the location, but I would not highly recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Oct 2 2006 	The Worst hotel I have ever stayed at!	The bellmen smarted off when we walked in the door. We were colleged educated and they turned their nose up at us and said, &quot;What is this?&quot; They were EXTREMELY rude. It was a group of nineteen people. The service was terrible. Our rooms were not ready and we did not get the rooms we had paid for. Room service would not answer several times. We had to have a roll a way (because they messed up on the reservations) and it took them TWO hours and by this time is was 11:30 at night. The roll a way had a terrible odor and was from the 1960's. It was just a terrible experience. It was not very clean. I will never stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 14 2006	OK but . . .	I was there August 10-16 with two rooms. I've stayed there before several times and liked it. Its faded over the years, but the location next to CP is great if you like to be away from the bustle. All employees but one testy and frankly unfriendly check-in clerk were nice and helpful (all the other check in people looked friendly). It rained hard the 10th or 11th and on the way to dinner, the doorman literally waded out in the street and got himself soaked to get us a cab. Room service was always responsive. The rooms are well decorated but while theyre are &quot;OK&quot; some annoying things: Lighting is dim at night even with all lights on so I had to read anything right under a lamp. My room's toilet was askew from the wall; a hole in the wall under the sink was visible from the door and a bit unsightly. The toilet in the second room was inoperable at check in. They fixed it right away when we called, but then it leaked. Another call to fix that. The new TV's they've put in often have patchy reception. The air conditioning fell flat after 11pm or so.The Breakfast menu in &quot;Room With A View&quot; is good but a bit old hat and unreasonably expensive. Its worth it once to look out at the park. The people there are nice too. Last: don't be fooled by promises of a park view upgrade: we could not get one even when the booking agent insisted it would not be a problem b/c they would not be full in August and we were return guests etc.	
Aug 19 2006	Awesome Place	This hotel is situated right across the street from Central Park. You really should check out this hotel, it is very clean , excellent beds and the water pressure is awesome. They have a turn down service, where the maid comes in and folds your comforter down and then she leaves chocolates on your pillow every night/.The rooms are very spacious for New York City. Did not see any bugs whatsoever. and you get a fridge in every room. The televisions are plasma with satellite programming. Furniture is very classy . If your looking for a hotel for a long weekend in New York City, this is the hotel for you, prices are reasonable.Toronto , Ontario Canada.Take the tours on the buses they are great and cheap ,	
Aug 15 2006 	Little Secret	I guess the bad reviews on here are for the people who got the &quot;older&quot;rooms. I spoke with the front desk and when you are nice you are treated nice. They informed me that 1/2 of the hotel was rennovated just 6 months ago. Thats right BRAND new rooms. The deor is simple and elegant. I actually am going to steal the way the designed the bathroom. Ask for a New room and you will not be disapointed. We paid $225.00 had 2 beds and a HUGE room is was room 1511. The concierges eresta and Anthony were both very helpfull, and i found out they worked for the Plaza before, they know exactly what they are doing. We also had a great time at Qualtiy Meats a new rest, next door.	
Aug 1 2006 	We hated this hotel.	We arrived late on a Thursday evening. The check in process was straight forward and the staff helpful enough. It is the decor and the room that were terrible. Our room had a very tired feeling, the wallpaper was old, peeling and shabby, as was the carpet. I didn't even want to try the bed. The bathroom was dirty, with limescale and mould, the fittings were rusty and the 'mini bar' was in fact a very small, very dirty, very shabby, smelly little fridge on the bathroom floor with one of it's four legs missing (it listed like a sinking ship). What really got me was the fact that the room had a big plasma TV and Internet access with a wirelee keyboard. How much did that cost? Why wasn't the money spent refurbishing the hotel? Ironically for the hotel, we immediately opened our duty free vodka and used the expensive in-room Internet/plasma TV system to check out other hotels in the area and promptly booked into the Hilton on 6th Avenue round the corner - a far better hotel.	
Jul 26 2006	Never Again!	All I can say is VERY disappointing. Rarely have I seen a hotel staff so disinterested in providing service. We were out and out ignored by the bartender, dismissed by the concierge, and abandoned by the bellstaff. Our room never got below 77 degrees despite numerous service calls. The decor was underwhelming. I cannot believe that such an expensive piece of real estate (smack dab between the Ritz and the Plaza facing Central Park) is run so poorly. We will NOT be returning.	
Jul 20 2006 	Great location	The decor is a little over the top but really nothing that bothered us.The amenities were tidy, the lifts relable, the staff friendly enough, free internet, a great LCD TV, and the location outstanding. The hotel overlooks Central Park and is one block from 5th Avenue. It is close to Museum of Modern Art and the Rockefeller centre.There is a small fridge with no mini bar in the bathrrom.There is a nice little deli (out the backddor, on your right) serving a range of breakfast options at good prices and it even had decent coffee.	
Jul 20 2006 	Disapointing	I arrived at the hotel around 10:00am to drop off luggage. My room was not available and I understood this. The front desk told me I could check in at 3:00pm. After walking through the hot city all day I wanted to relax in my room and tried to check in again at 3:30pm. The room was still not ready and there was a line of people with the same problem. The room I was assigned to around 4:30pm was disgusting. The bathroom was falling apart, the air conditioning did not work, and the headboards were stained. After many complaints to the front desk I was assigned another room. The room was a bit cleaner, but still no good air conditioning. To top of the disappointment with my room, I check out after the weekend and the clerk told me there were no additional charges since I booked the room from Hotels. I noticed the following week that the hotel charged my visa for the stay anyway. I'm working with my visa company to cancel the charges, but I tried working with the hotel directly and I could never get through to anyone. Huge disappointment in NYC with so many other hotels to choose from.	
Jul 19 2006	I don't get it???	After reading all the bad reviews about this hotel on Trip Advisor, I was a bit apprehensive to have chosen this venue to spend a week in with my daughter on a trip to New York City, from which we have just returned (July, 2006). Happily, my fears were not realized. Everything about this hotel was perfect--even the price. Not one thing that all these people compained about happened to us. I travel to various parts of the world about about 2 months out of the year, and have stayed in many, many hotels, usually 4-5 star. I suggest that those of you who found this hotel lacking in anything spend a few days in a five star hotel in Mexico.	
Jul 17 2006	Don't trust that Leading Hotel!	&quot;LUXURY SET'S THEM APART - LEADING HOTELS BRINGS THEM TOGETHER&quot;- I stayed in this hotel for two nights (room 4506) and it probably was one of the worst Leading Hotels I stayed in. I generally wonder, what the quality testers, Leading Hotels writes in ervery newsletter of the Leaders Club about, are doing, when they are checking a bad facility like this?- Room 4506 generelly needs to be refurbished in the bathroom. - There was no minibar available. In the bathroom (!!!) was an old, icy but empty refrigerator which was disgusting. - The alarm clock didn't work but was repaired at the first evening. - The turn-down simply was forgotten the first evening, the blanked I moved away was dirty at several parts. - The turn-down the second night only put the dirty blanket away. The curtain wasn't close and the paper basket wasn't emptied. - A pressing service at the later evening wasn't possible, the pressing utilities in the room were old, damaged and dirty. - There were no frottee-slippers available. The housekeeping told me to contact the concierge, the concierge told me to contact the housekeeping. Together they told me, I should buy some slippers next morning in the gift shop. I needed the sleepers because of the ugly bathroom and carpet in the room and so I decided to step out to the neighboured Ritz-Carlton, asking them for frottee-slippers. I appollogized, that I was staying in a Leading Hotel and got the slippers complimentary within two minutes in the typical Ritz Carlton charming way. - There was one bell man for storing luggage in the lobby - seven (!) guests were waiting for service and complaining. I won't stay there anymore.	
Jul 10 2006 	Lots of technical difficulties and just nasty. Can't believe this is a LHW	I had high hopes, but I can definitely see why this hotel is ranked so low on this website. The only redeeming quality is the location right on Park by central park. There are other options right nearby, trust me don't go here! It's cheap compared to the other nearby hotels like the Ritz, but there are reasons for that...The front desk people are not interested in being nice or helpful. I pre-requested a high-floor room. I reserved a park view room, and wanted one that was high. The front desk person said &quot;sure&quot; when I mentioned that, and then gave me 7th floor. I asked again, she told me the only other option was a no-park view, smoking, double-bed room. So I took my 7th floor room. It had what I would consider a partial park view, I could see the trees right across the street.As most the other reviews mention, the decor is hideouos. White floral upholstery. Purples and silvers for walls and carpet. I could see how if it was in good shape that some of it might look good. The walls I could tell WERE nice at one time. But now they're just stained and nasty. But the fugly couch - why?? The hallways are really bad gold plant pattern wallpaper or something, like Donald Trump's blind grandma decorated this place. Tacky - but in a not fun way like the Madonna Inn in California, just tacky in a painfull, hurts to look at sort-of way.Then the actual problems began. Tried to watch TV, but the TV wouldn't work. It had to be re-booted apparently. I called for help, and was treated really rudely by the front desk. The tech person tried to reboot me remotely, and said to try again in a few minutes. So 20 minutes later the TV still didnt work. Called again, and they said theyd send someone up. He came 30 minutes later, to turn the power button on and off and leave before seeing if it worked or not, which it still didn't! All I could see was some sad poodle (Leona's?) image with lines flickering through it.So I gave up on tv and went to take a shower...So, I noticed the water wouldn't drain. The drain plug was broken shut. Had to call the front desk to be mistreated once again, and they sent up a person to fix it about 30 minutes later.No minibar, which was disappointing. The AC was a joke, didn't do much at all. From the 7th floor I could hear street noice, but not enough to be more than a distant faint murmur so that was totally fine. They left some really bad chocolates in my room as well.Do yourself a favor and choose some other place, this hotel needs some serious changes.I will say though the bed was comfortable.	
Jul 7 2006	Park Lane Holds Its Own On Central Park South	I stayed at the Park Lane for two nights in July and after reading the reviews on here I was a bit nervous. However, my stay could not have been any better! The staff was helpful and friendly, the tv and internet worked fine, the room was clean, and while the style was a bit old fashioned the room did not feel stale or musky. The location is excellent-near subways (N,R,W,1), great shopping (fifth avenue, barneys), and places to eat (Whole Foods!!). I had a great city view room with a king bed on the 21st floor which faced out to 58th street looking south for 210.00 a night. My only problem was when I called to confirm my reservation they had me for one night when I requested two but they changed it with no problems. I would definately stay here again!	
Jun 7 2006	Great hotel!	My husband and I stayed at The Park Lane Hotel for 5 days in March 2006. The location of this hotel is excellent.The room was a little oldfashion, but it was very clean and large. The staff was very friendly, and helpfull. We didn´t have any problems.If you like the oldfashion look, you would find this hotel beautiful.The next time we visite NY, we are deffenetly staying at the Park Lane Hotel.	
Jun 5 2006 	Bring your sunglasses- you will need it for the ghastly decor.	This was my second visit and second hotel in New York in the space of a week. I am a regular (at least once a month) visitor to the city.First impressions..... fresh from a flight from the caribbean I check in late evening but had paid upfront with expedia so was not worried about rrom not being available. Asked for a high floor and told 8th was the highest queen available (out of 46???? ). Cheekily asked if he could give me a king on a higher floor, and he did. A king on the 10th floor- better than nothing i suppose.Anyway- after waiting for the slooooooooow elevators to arrive, and having to tell the bellboys repeatedly i wanted to carry my own bags (i lug them around airports all the time- I can manage a poxy elevator on my own thanks) I arrived at the room. Well.......it was like a cross between an old indian grandmas living room, and some sort of royal palace tribute.HIDEOUS is not the word. Please see my picture for conformation of this. The picture does not do justice to how utterly foul the decor of this room is.The hallway on this floor was exactly the same.Nice flat screen LCD tv and free wired internet access.......except the available cable that wasnt cable tioed behind the desk was 2 foot long, meaning you had to stand up to use it. Great. Add that to the smell of buring whenever using the internet (look behind the dek and see the spaghetti of wires, and the router box with its fan panel covered by the wall and you can see and smell why) and its not as great as it would first appear. No wireless connection detected in the building.Windows opened about 2&quot;. Bathroom is marginally better decorated (brown shagpile rug???? Better than red and gold i suppose) Aircon worked fine but was noisy. Rooms are clean and confortable- just a pity they are so revoltingNoisy guests and thin doors/walls are par for the course in large hotels like this.The location was great- it is on the park. No idea if the park view is worth an extra $100 ! a night.....i wasnt prepared to pay that. Its grand in a kind of old skool way- but its dated.Places like this are exactly why I hate huge hotels - far too impersonal, noisy and usually badly decrated and in need of an update.. Pay for the location- nothing more.For the money in NYC you can do better.	
Jun 1 2006 	Cheap unclean rooms!	I took my daughter there to look at colleges. We were both excited about staying here after looking at the photos. We started off with hardly no staff at the desk. We finally got to our room and the wallpaper was coming off. There was an ice bucket but we were told there are no ice machines it was in there for looks. I needed to call room service and pay for the ice by tipping!For all the New York hotels Ive stayed in I have to say this is not my favorite!The staff in the bar were rude and had their nose in the air. Like they even compare to the bar in Rome! The furniture in the room looked cheap and old. The Wellington had nicer rooms, and thats the lowest Ive been in New York. I may be spoiled by The New York Palace but I did expect more from this hotel. If you can get a room for under 300.00, go agead but you can do much better for the price around the same area. I promise!They obviously think that their hotel is above and beyond the people they serve.The guest is exactley that a GUEST and should be treated like one!	
May 30 2006	Disappointing	On the plus side this hotel is in a good location, directly across from Central Park and just off 5th Avenue. We had a deluxe city view room which was of a good size. Unfortunately the negatives greatly outweigh those positives. The antiquated hotel needs to be refurbished throughout, and was quite shabby. The staff were quite rude, the lifts were absolutely dreadful, sometimes taking 10 mins to arrive, and then adding to our frustation in our eagerness to hit the city, we often found we had to go up before we could go down!Our room was in dire need of a good spring clean, and although the sheets were clean, the bedspread was very grubby. There was a distinct lack of electrical points and the television volume was set at a fairly low level, therefore it sometimes proved difficult to hear.On our check-out, we were handed our receipt without even as much as a smile - certainly no 'thank you for your custom', or 'we hope you enjoyed your stay'. All in all, we were a little disappointed as it was our 25th wedding anniversary and we'd hoped that everything would be perfect but that was not to be. It's a shame that the staff don't realise that a smile costs nothing, being courteous costs nothing, and for the majority of their paying guests it takes a lot of our hard earned money to actually stay at their hotel. A simple smile goes a long, long way.	
May 17 2006	Nice Old-School Hotel	This Central Park South Hotel is a nice enough place to stay. It would be particularly suited for an (affluent) elderly relative who is used to good service, and not afraid to pay for it. The rooms are blandly furnished in a sort of 80's/French Provincial fusion. They are immaculate, and good sized for the price, especially when you consider you are in Midtown Manhattan. The Restaurant is a pleasent, if a bit stuffy, place with a lovely view of the park. I did not experience any &quot;rude&quot; staff during my stay. They are professional and aloof, as befits a hotel of this type. Indeed, I found it refreshing to be around hotel employees who know their job, and don't feel the need to be your &quot;pal&quot; .My only complaints were that the beds were a bit mushy for my taste, and that they needed more electrical outlets, particularly by the desk. On the plus side, internet connectivity was complimentary, and the TV was a nice large flat screen. The in-room fridge was a nice touch also.	
May 2 2006	Dreadful service rude staff but good location	As other reviewers have said, the location of this hotel is excellent. Having said I cannot recommend it. I have never stayed somewhere where the staff were so disinterested in their guests - at check in, at the conceirge desk, in the bar etc and yet they expected good tips. On our last day my husband was carrying our suitcases out to a waiting cab. One of the staff, without saying a word, without smiling or even looking at us, lifted one of the suitcases into the trunk. Despite his brief and unwanted assistance my husband handed him $2, which we assumed he regarded as inadequate for his efforts as his response was &quot;what the hell do you call that?&quot;. Charming, we thought. The lifts are in dire need of improvement - on occasions we had to wait 10 minutes for a lift and walking up is not really an option when you're staying on the 38th floor! One of the main reasons we chose this hotel was their boast of high tech plasma screens with internet capability in the rooms. Ours looked good but didn't work and despite calling reception every day it never worked. Apart from its location, and the generous size of the rooms, I am struggling to think of anything positive to say about this hotel. I certainly wouldn't go back.	
Apr 3 2006 	great views and large rooms	Stayed in Helmsley Park lane for 3 nights on a busines trip in March. Negatives: Check in a bit chaotic. No mini bar after 8 hour flight. TV not great but I didnt complain so probably could have been sorted. Internet access OK but could do with WiFi.Positives: Rooms very big,views, location, breakfast (expensive). I would return and would recommend this hotel for a weekend type break.Note: I booked on line and was quoted $265 a night but the reception guy tried to charge me $375! All in all, pretty good value.	
Mar 24 2006 	"The Leading Hotels of THe World" What a joke. Horrible place.	I spent 2 days at this hotel on a business trip in March. If it was properly redecorated and the management replaced, it could be wonderful and glamorous, given the structure and its location. But it is not. It is shabby, badly run and with a poor attitude to customer service.First they couldn't find my reservation, even though I had spoken with them about it on the phone the day before. After about 30 minutes of panic and several calls, they figured out that it was on their &quot;old&quot; system. Apparently they are replacing the reservation system, but no-one thought or knew where to look. The same thing happened to a colleague checking in the next day and I had to tell the hotel staff how to solve the same problem.Second, the hotel internet connection, essential these days for the business traveller, was down most of the time I was there. Even the tech people they claimed to have seemed to know nothing. Someone in an outside company was &quot;working on it&quot; was all I was told. The morning of my departure it came on for about 30 mins, then was up and down. I was forced to go out to work at Starbucks, a couple of blocks away. Not so terrible, but not what I expect for over $200. They refused my request for some form of compensation (breakfast or a free movie), saying that internet access was &quot;just a courtesy.&quot; Again, at that price it's more than a courtesy.Third: They have spent a bit on fixing it up: I was given a remodelled room. But all they had done was to repaint and repaper the walls and put back the old, shabby furniture and a horrible red carpet. Fourth: My LCD TV was on the fritz. Seems like everyone's was. When it worked, a large box kept popping up blocking the middle of the screen saying something about the software installation.Fifth: The staff in the restaurant were unbelievably rude and gruff. It was an old-world sort of rudeness, one that would be OK or even amusing at an old NY deli, but not in a hotel that calls itself one of &quot;The Leading Hotels of The World.&quot; Plus the food was really awful, and hugely overpriced.	
Mar 23 2006 	Yikes.	I should say two things up front. One, I usually travel for business, and stay in more expensive hotels. Two, I only paid $210 for this room, which is pretty cheap in NYC. Nevertheless, this place is banged up and needs a complete gut reno. The check-in clerk upgraded me, so I can only imagine what the non-upgraded rooms are like. I had two double beds with bizzare old floral bedspreads. The room had deep green, nasty carpet, and matching nasty wallpaper. It was almost comically out of date, dank and worn down. The bathroom was in desparate need of updating, with cracked tile, ugly old brown bathmat, etc. When I entered the room, there was a half-empty Snapple bottle on the nightstand. There was a big heavy wire for God-knows-what just running right over the carpet, loose. On the plus side, it was quiet, they have good toiletries, and I woke up to a truly breathtaking view of Central Park. For $210, it wasn't a complete disaster. If I were paying $300, or even $275, I would have been outraged. The Helmsley people really should stop marketing this as a luxury hotel. It's not even close.	
Mar 20 2006	Fantastic	We stayed on Saint Paticks day, 2 blocks from the parade, great park view, we could see and hear the parade from our room, however distant. We arrived at 1pm, upon check in there was alot of people camped out in the lobby, they told us it would be a few hours, not until after 3-30pm atleast i tipped the man at the check-in desk, bingo, my room was reaady and upgraded to a junior suite within i hour, very sweet indeed. The room was recently renovated, spotless, plasma tv, wet bar, fridge, all around good experience.	
Mar 15 2006	Arrogant employees and dumpy room!	My friend and I stayed for one night. We spent less than 12 hours in the hotel, but easily discovered it was overrated and not worth the money (I wouldn't pay more than $50/night, I get better service at Motel 6). We decided to change hotels from lower manhattan to central park and asked same-day of our stay if there were any rooms available. The front desk manager said they were booked solid. Literally 5 minutes later we walked outside and called the helmsley chain asking for available rooms and they quoted us a price of 230 at Park Lane and we booked. 10 minutes after being declined we walked back in with a reservation! Why on earth would a desk manager LIE about vacancies? After requesting a non-smoking room, sure enough our room reeks of dingy tobacco with dirty ash trays. We call the front desk to be moved to a non-smoking room. Displaying quite the attitude, he moved us to a new room that was equally abysmal but without the tobacco smell(We learn now that there were at least 2 available rooms as opposed to the zero we were first told about). Upon checkout I asked the concierge about cab fare to LaGuardia. He said it would be about $50, of course after myself directing the cabbie where to go, the TOTAL price of the drive was $22. I have spent less than a week of my life in New York and it seems I am more fit for the concierge position than him! Obviously the Helmsley Park Lane is an island of complete incompetence, unjustified arrogance, and complete ineptness in an otherwise wonderful city. Location was great, but the uppity snootiness and rudeness of the employees seemed to be a futile attempt to compensate for a rubbish hotel, comparable to a holiday inn (which would have bigger rooms I might add). The chic pictures and font on their website is decieving. We stayed at the Hilton in the desolate Ground Zero area of lower manhattan and had a much better experience. The staff at Park Lane made us feel unwelcome and uncomfortable. Quite frankly, I hope the workers at this hotel go out of business and find themselves homeless like the people right outside the door of the hotel's 58th street entrance! Living on the street may help curtail their arrogance. I have stayed at some budget RedRoof type hotels, but this is certainly THE WORST HOTEL I HAVE EVER VISITED! I wouldn't reccomend this even if all other hotels are booked, stay in Queens or the Bronx before staying here.	
Jan 3 2006	Great hotel will love it	Great hotel. I spent nine days for christhmas. Everything was wonderful there not like in the reviews. I am french and I know about &quot;raffinement&quot; and &quot;élégance&quot;. The location is the best. The view in park view room is magic. The hotel provides great services as concierge and deluxe room-service. A lot of personnality and comfort in this palace. Could be british or french class.. Definitely go it worths it !	
Nov 16 2005	I too was a little worried But	Yes the hotels decor is in urgent need of update and the hotel has a very chintzy feel. However we were allocated a city view room on the 29th floor which had a partial central park view as well. Everything in the hotel room worked and was adequate for the price paid. The plasma TV broke down one day but was repaired within 15 minutes.The real redeeming feature of the hotel was its proximity to all the major sites like central park, times sq, Empire State, Rockefeller centre, grand central and the Chrysler all within easy walk distance. There must be more contemporary hotels in the area but if you are struggling to find one the Helmsley is acceptable bearing in mind that for most of the day you will be out and about.	
Oct 11 2005	Great location - great hotel	On reading some of these reviews I felt a bit apprehensive - my boyfriend booked the hotel for our anniversary trip to NY after finding most hotels in our price range competely sold out - and so we upgraded to this hotel.After a long walk from 42nd st (we didn't realise NY was so big-what a mistake!) we arrived at 2pm ( an hour earlier than check-in ) and found the staff friendly and helpful and gave us a choice of having a queen size room straight away, or waiting til 3pm for a king size - as we were quite tired from travelling - and wanted to make the most of our afternoon we decided to take the queen size room - which in my opinion was plentiful! It was a really good size (not small at all like many have said) and even had a large flat screen tv.We were on the 30th floor with a city view which was OK, nothing special but at least it let plenty of light in!The maids were very polite and even left chocolates on our pillows when they turned them down.The decor was a bit scratched in the hallways from the bellboy trolleys but apart from that everything else was top-grade.I'd recommend using the 59th St subway stop - it's underneath The Plaza, two doors away so very convenient. Just remember to buy your metrocard before hand or you'll have to visit the vendor in 60th St to get your card.Also there's an entrance to the hotel on 58th St so don't forget it when you're walking back uptown - it saves your feet that extra half a block!	
Oct 10 2005	Location Yes but truly needs a makeover!	I had the pleasure of staying at the Park Lane about 20 years ago and &quot;not much has changed!&quot; And I mean NOT MUCH - not the decor or furnishings in the guest rooms, not the hotel's lobby, elevators or hallways! Clearly the hotel looks &quot;tired&quot; and is in need of a complete makeover to restore its luster of two decades ago.I had read reviews on Trip Advisor prior to booking the Park Lane and they were really 50/50. Given the hotel's awesome location, I decided to &quot;see for myself.&quot; Check-in was speedy and pleasant. I booked a Park View room on a high floor. Though the hotel has 48 floors, I was assigned a room on the 24th floor (OK - same view). Many of the reviews I had read mentioned items needing maintenance upon arrival and my room was no exception. The a/c was noisy and the sink faucet would not completely shut off. Add to these problems one stained pillowcase and the 1970's furnishings and I proceeded back to the front desk to ask for a room change. The front desk clerk convinced me that the maintenance dept. would resolve the plumbing, a/c &amp; linen problem. I accepted this and I was pleased that upon our return after a short walk, all of the items were, in fact, resolved. My question, though: Why wouldn't housekeeping or maintenance simply maintain the rooms daily rather than waiting for guest to arrive and complain?The rest of the stay was pleasant. The king bed &amp; pillows were sizeable and comfortable. The mini refrigerator in the bathroom and the in-room safe are both handy. The water pressure is excellent.The staff is OK. They seem to be worn out, just like the hotel. But no problems. They just seem to have little motivation.I am a member of the Leaders Club of the Leading Hotels of the World. I have had the pleasure of staying at many of the fine &quot;Leading&quot; hotels throughout the US and the world. Though the Park Lane is still carried on the list of &quot;Leading Hotels&quot; the distinction escapes me. It is far from what one would expect from a &quot;Leading Hotel&quot; and its publishers should reconsider the Park Lane's standing as such. Now the GOOD part: The location is unbeatable!!! Central Park South is a fabulous place to stay! Book a PARK VIEW room. Otherwise you may be disappointed! Spend the extra money! The view is that good!	
Sep 26 2005	Much better than expected	Given how awful some of the reviews are, I had some doubts about this hotel. I booked it as it was one of the only hotels left with vacancies at short notice. I found it to be perfectly OK. The room was reasonable in size (City view standard double bed), a bit tired in the decor, but acceptable. The bathroom was fine. No complaints at all really. I thought it was expensive, but so are all hotels in New York (amazingly so). The lifts are a bit slow - there are six for 46 floors (I think). On one day only 1 lift was available as two were broken and three were reserved for UN delegates, which was frustrating. The fancy computer based TV (hotel info, web access, pay movies, etc) didn't work properly and the technical support people were useless, but I didn't go to New York to watch movies anyway, so I didn't care. The staff I dealt with were courteous and friendly, without their hands stuck out for the endless tips that seem to be mandatory in the US. I was happy and would stay there again. Perhaps next time my experiences may not be so good, but what can I say? Incidently, the location can't be bettered.	
Aug 30 2005	Delightfully surprised and treated well	I arrived at about 11:30am on Friday 08/19/05. The doorman met the taxi and helped with my luggage. We checked in without a wait. I explained it was my first visit and requested a nice room. To my surprise and delight, I was upgraded to a Jr Suite. The view of the park was spectacular. Yes the room decor was gaudy and the chair to the desk was missing a piece...however, the large king size bed, flat screen TV, three closets, with robes and slippers made up for the minor deficiencies...the bathroom tile was not attractive, but the shower water was hot and the pressure good. Plenty of clean towels and space for my things. When the bellman saw me dressed to the nines without an umbrella (it was raining) he offered me a Parklane umbrella...it made me feel so special....The concerige (a man) was stuffy, and only did what was specifically asked, at least he had phone available if you wanted make you own arrangements. The location was superb...directly across from the park, next door to the subway, close to Columbus Circle shopping. I would definitely try them again...and try real hard not to be too disappointed if I don't get the upgrade next time.	
Aug 24 2005	Pleasantly surprised!	Glad I didn't cancel due to negative reviews! Wonderful stay! Our party had 3 rooms booked for 3 nights on 3 different floors..........all very clean, nice views! Yes, a little outdated and worn but just can't beat the location AND our price [booked 4 months in advance]. Staff was friendly and helpful with all of our many questions! Purchased Gray Line tickets directly from concierge- - - carriage rides AND Gray Line pick ups right across the street!	
Aug 4 2005	Rubbish hotel	We stayed here in June this year and I can honestly say that the only decent thing about the hotel is the close proximity to Central Park. We has reserved a non-smoking quiet room and had arrived late from a flight from London, and were dying to get some sleep, and were horrified to find that it took about 20 minutes to check in at the desk owing to the incompetence of the reception staff. For a start, they were rude, and arrogant, and totally unprofessional. The man we initially spoke to at the check in desk was unhelpful and merely passed us off onto another man, who then seemed to totally ignore us then eventually after about 15 minutes (without speaking) gave us our key to the room! What a joke. The room was no better, we didnt get the quiet room nor a non-smoking room which was ridiculous and we were really frustrated at this point. The room itself was small, and not what you would expect for the money that you had paid. The rest of the staff were equally unfriendly and made you feel uncomfortable during your stay. Sorry, no redeeming features, only Central Park!	
Jul 22 2005	Getting away with murder	I have stayed in this hotel five times in the last ten years. It has gotten worse, for reasons most likely related to the management and onwner-occupied suites on the upper floors. The female concierge is aggressive and offensive. At my last trip I complained about the broken locks, cracked tub, etc. The man at the front desk actually said, &quot;That's the kind of room you get if you book through a hotel consolidator.&quot;This hotel needs to be updated, and the staff needs to understand that travellers, especially to New York, Central Park South, expect to be treated in a decent manner. I will never return to this hotel, unless, of course, it is upgraded, and a change of ownership occurs.It doesn't matter if you get a decent rate -- it's not worth the con! Plenty of hotels exist in similar price ranges, with properly furbished rooms, and pleasant staff.	
Jul 17 2005	No complaints here!	I had read some poor reviews about the hotel so I was a bit trepidant but we had a great stay there. The location was perfect - right on Central Park and right beside a subway station. The room wasn't spectacular but it was clean and pretty and air conditioned. Room services prices were (of course) outrageous but there is a little cafe right next door to the hotel on 58th that has great coffee, breakfast and snacks. Ladies - just send your partner out to bring back coffee and breakfast while you shower! We worked out at the gym and found that while it wasn't hugely top of the line it was adequate enough for a good work-out. I would definitely stay again.	
Jul 13 2005	Horrible!!!!	This was the worst experience I ever had in any one hoetel...EVER! If I could give it a zero I would. I had booked three nights, but checked out after the first night to go to a real hotel. The staff (and manager) were rude and unorganized. They didn't keep the room that my wife and I had requested. We wanted an upper level room that was non-smoking with a king-size bed overlooking the city. We had a late check-in and they failed to reserve the room for us that they had promised. They said they could give us a room on a smoking floor and spray some Lysol in the room! Are you kidding me! Besides that the decor was dated and quite offensive to my wife who is asian.I would not book this hotel unless you are really desperate. There are so many choices in New York. If you want to feel miserable stay here.	
Jun 20 2005	poor service high price	when i made a reservation for this hotel it was a member of the leading hotels of the world. So i was sure to find a very good hotel and service. The hotel is very old, the bath is little and the service very poor. I bought 2 hamburger without any drink with room service and i paid 100 dollars! The staff was absolutely not friendly. However, the position is very good.	
Jun 16 2005	Great Location	Great location across from Central Park.; easy access to subway, Rock Ctr and Times Sq. Mickey mantle's is right next door. It is a lot quieter than staying on Time Sq, but not that far away( and you don't spend half of your weekend waiting for an elavator). The refrig in the room was a nice convenience. The rooms are a good size, with a closet. It is about time to begin remodeling the rooms, but far from &quot;run down.&quot; I think this is a good value for the price and we are staying here again this year.	
May 26 2005	Far from a four star Hotel	The only thing we can say good about this hotel is the view &amp; location was awesome. However the staff was rude and completely unprofessional. The place really needs a makeover. I would never go back to this Hotel.	
May 23 2005	I Love NY	This was a great hotel for the price. When you compare the outrageous prices in NY, the rates at the Parklane are reasonable. (still a little pricey for an older hotel) Location is everything in this city and really its location is great!!! Its next door to the famous Plaza hotel and across the street from central park. For those high end shopper its also next to 5th Ave shops (bergdorfs, Tiffanys, prada...you get the idea). Its location made it easy to get to everything. The subs are right there, cabs, even the carriage rides start from in front of this hotelThe hotel itself has a gaudy-80's feel to it with golden banisters and red carpets but it is very clean and all you really need. It would have been very glamorous in the late 80s. Although. Our room was very small (normal in NYC) but we didn't spend much time in it anyway. The city is filled with so much to do that we really only were there to shower, change and sleep. We found a great little deli up the street which we grabbed coffees and bagels at every morning. There was no shortage of places to eat around the hotel. The room was equip with Internet and the TV channels told you everything available in the city and where to find it. I liked that the hotel gave us a map which made it easy to get around. I was happy with this hotel. Its not the plaza but its decent, clean and affordable. The staff at this hotel was friendly and helpful. I don't know why people say New Yorkers are rude because everyone was friendly and it felt very safe. It was an incredible trip and the location is often seen in movies and on TV. I would stay there again.	
Apr 29 2005	Out of the 40's	My daughter and I stayed at the Helmsley across from the park and had a fine experience. We arrived about two hours early, imagine, no traffic in NYC! We sat in the 40's, over decorated, restaurant until our room was ready, two hours later. That was our fault, as we did get there early. They did offer us a &quot;smoking room&quot; with one bed, but we opted to wait on the one we reserved for the weekend. We had a very cozy and private spot in the restaurant with comfortable high back chairs and a lovely view of the park. The service was wonderful. I had tea and a small cup of asparagus soup, as we ate before we got there, and they brought out the most delicious warmed bread basket with a variety of homemade treats. Location was excellent. It's directly across the street from the park and two blocks from FAO Schwartz. The subway was also two blocks away at Columbus Circle and we took it everywhere. We ate on the north side and the west side of the park and the hotel was in a most convenient spot. We were also able to walk to the show we saw. (Go see, WICKED!) The staff was more than courteous. When we arrived in our room, the room was clean and the bathroom was fine. I really don't think they’ve decorated since the 40's. Mirrors and gaudy red and gold wall paper everywhere, with a flat screen, plasma TV &amp; a computer hookup as well. That made me laugh! It’s extremely over decorated, with the triple molding in gold leaf everywhere. I think when they finally did do some upgrading, they just put MORE MIRRORS up! I believe it’s all French provincial. I really didn't mind the decor as we were most interested in LOCATION and CLEANLINESS! The tub was a bit yellow with spots of mold starting to grow and the drain was not working. I called for the tub to be repaired and it was completed in 20 minutes. The alarm clock didn’t work and the phone made a rattleing sound when we used it, but we were on vacation and really didn’t really care anyway. That made us laugh. All in all, I would go there again, the price was right for $190.00 a night.	
Apr 17 2005 	Not a Leading Hotel	We stayed here for several weeks in summer 2003 while renovating our NYC apt. Hotel falls FAR short of other midtown hotels (which we also spent time in) - uneven cleanliness, horrid decor (we tried several rooms since had booked a lengthy stay in advance), poor service, motel atmosphere in lobby. Can't imagine any reason for staying here unless every other three-star hotel in town is booked.	
Apr 6 2005 	Don't book your boss here!	A plywood enclosure for the reception/check-in area, holes in the walls of the room, rusty bathroom fixtures ... other than its location I can find no saving graces for this property. Certainly NOT what you'd expect of a 3.5 star hotel. I made the mistake of booking my boss's daughter here ... you can bet I won't make the same mistake again!	
Apr 5 2005	Loved the hotel	I had a wonderful time with my wife and 3 year old child. The staff was wonderful, the rooms were a little larger that you expect for a New York hotel. I would definitely return time and time again. I got a really good deal when booking online 3 months in advance at helmsleynewyork. I reccommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New York for business or pleasure that wants to be in the heart of it all and near Central Park and Times Square.	
Apr 4 2005	RED ROOM! RED ROOM!	First checked into a garishly decorated very Blood Red Room!! It was quite scary!! Moved down the hall to a room with beige and blue which was much easier on the eyes. Carpet was dirty as well as the tub. Had a large flat screen TV which was nice but a bit difficult to figure out. Internet access seemed to be constantly down or having technical difficulties but tech support was very helpful. My second room was a good size even for NYC standards. The location of course is great and not bad price for the neighborhood. Once I moved out of the red room and tipped the maid everything else was pretty smooth. It was okay. I might go back just not to the red room!!!	
Apr 1 2005	do not stay at this hotel	we stayed in the Helmsley park land on the 26th december 2004.On arrival of an awful flight we were greeted by the hotel staff at reception.They seemed quite nice but when shown to our room I was shocked, this is not a 5 star hotel as quoted by virgin holidays. This hotel is just about a 3 star . I took my daughter and my sister as a christmas treat, and from start to finish this hotel got worse and worse. The hotel room was shabby and worn, dirty bed linen and towels were not nice either, wires from the lights were hanging out the walls, the t.v was very old on its last legs, wallpaper and pictures were very shabby. I have to say the location is fantastic but pay the extra money and stay at the plaza, where we had afternoon tea, which was really something else.The city views were wonderfull but thats about it. This hotel needs total refurbishment even down to the toilets and reception.If your bugeting your holiday it's not badly priced but, i would not stay at this hotel again. Room service was a joke 3 times i asked if we could have 2 hot chocolates and 1 coke, and then the tray was still sitting their the next day, even when we ordered some food through room service it took forever and was very poor and stayed in our room till the next day, even though i rang 4 times to ask for the table to be removed. And as far as tips were concerned they expected something for just directions! As i said stay at the beautiful plaza hotel 4 doors along we wish we had.!	
Mar 30 2005 	Great location but hotel needs an update	Stayed at the Helmsley for a meeting. I was glad I did not spend my own money for the stay. No specific problems with the hotel, but it is very much outdated and in need of a renovation. Room was clean, shoe shiner was a nice touch, flat screen tv was nice, but looked out of place with the decor.Size of the room was disappointing for the price paid. Bathroom sink water pressure was low, maybe due to the sink draining slowly. I have stayed at less expensive hotels with larger and nicer accomodations. Breakfast in the restaurant was expensive and while the food was good the quality was no better than a diner. Maybe I am being to critical, but I was expecting better.	
Mar 28 2005	Stay here only for the location	It's right on Central Park South (59th St.), between the Plaza and Ritz Carlton. And that's about all that's good about this hotel. The hotel is hopelessly outdated and garishly decorated. The hallways have peeling, scratched (by luggage carts) wallpaper, hideous carpet and crooked mirrors (even the damask fabric lining the walls of the elevator was peeling off). Hard to believe this is a member of The Leading Hotels of the World. My suite on the 33rd floor faced Central Park -- but it had purple carpeting and a silver (spray painted) baroque framed upholstered headboard. Flat LCD tv received only a handful of channels -- the old, conventional tv still sat on its plastic stand next to the desk. Outdated bathroom -- hair in sink and tub upon checkin. The room was heated to 77 degrees when I checked in -- way too warm. If location is the most important thing and you can snag a great deal, this might be the hotel for you -- but I won't stay there again.	
Mar 25 2005	Great Hotel in a great location	Stayed here with my girlfriend recently and was really impressed - the location is absolutely excellent - just off Fifth Avenue and a two minute walk into Central Park. Although the hotel decor is not to my taste - a bit 1930's, everything was really clean and the service was brilliant. We got a rate of just over £100 a night for a double room - which is brilliant value for NYC. Our room had a partial view over the Park and had everything you need for your stay.Would definitely stay here again and cant understand any of the negative reviews on this site!	
Mar 1 2005	terrific weekend!	Stayed here last weekend to see the Gates in Central Park. Found the best room rates here by calling the hotel directly, better than on Expedia, etc,and helpful also because it was important to me to guarantee a view of the park. (be advised; they don't send confirmation unless you ask for it - that was a bit unsettling) And what a view! What people say here about peeling wallpaper, etc, is true. The rooms are not kept up well. However, the linens were clean and fluffy, the beds satisfyingly firm (and a king size - yeah!), the shampoo was by Neutrogena, and the hot shower had great pressure and heat and staying power. I made my bathroom into a spa; no wonder the wallpaper is peeling!They have just upgraded to flat-screen TVs and it's not working well. They have a very nice tech guy to address the problems but it seemed overwhelming. Just as well; I didn't want to turn away from the view out the windows anyway.Best of all, we were treated with wonderful courtesy by the hotel desk clerk. We arrived at 10 am after a red-eye flight from the West Coast. Though rooms would not be available until 3 pm, the lovely clerk saw my exhausted little boy and found a vacant clean room for us anyways. She made all the difference in the world to our trip, and for this reason alone I would return here, and the wonderful hot showers and priceless view and location are just bonus.	
Feb 25 2005	Still the "Queen of Mean"	Owing to a family emergency, my partner, who made the reservation through Expedia, couldn't arrive the same day I did. We started trying to change the name of the reservation two days earlier. When I arrived, nothing had been done. The reception staff were surly and unhelpful, making it clear that my problem was not their problem and that they would rent the room to someone else pretty soon. After about an hour of telephone calls to Expedia and the hotel (which wasn't answering) the manager finally accepted the change in name on the reservation, saying &quot;It's not our policy, but I'll do it for you.&quot; even though we had been told for two days not only that it was possible but that it had been done (including by a member of the hotel staff). At first, I thought I'd picked one sour apple from the barrel, but an overheard conversation in the elevator made it clear that another family had a similar problem (a check misplaced by staff followed by plenty of unhelpful attitude). The room was in so-so repair (leaky faucet, nonfunctional thermostat). The maid on the floor, however, was friendly and helpful. The view was terrific.	
Feb 11 2005	Brilliant	My boyfriend and I stayed for a week in the Helmsley Park over New Year. The hotel was perfect, check-in was very fast and we were given a choice of rooms good view/smaller room or poor view/bigger room. We chose the first option but were told we could change the next day if we wanted to. The room and views were both fantastic. The staff were always helpful and friendly, our room was cleaned everyday. The safe did not work initially but was fixed within minutes. We ate in the hotel restaurant, which was expensive for our budget but worth it.   Having orginally booked the Hotel Penn for our stay we changed because of the reviews on this site and it was worth every penny. 	
Feb 10 2005	Horrid Four Nights	Stayed in January 2004 for 4 nights only to find this supposedly 4 star hotel really only should have rated 2 stars. Bathrooms were small, old, and in great need of retiling due to &quot;grunge&quot; instead of grout. Found blood stains on sheets. We contacted management and although they compensated with two free breakfasts...it was in their stuffy, creepy, and overly priced dining room. We would never stay again even though the location is fabulous. 	
Jan 31 2005	Garish decor but great location	I stayed at the Park Lane in January 2005. It can be an excellent value for a NYC hotel if you avoid peak holiday rates. I paid just $179 a night for a 25th floor room with a city/partial central park view. I have stayed there before and paid less than $300 for a full park view. The location and views, combined with reasonable rates, make this hotel a good value.The decor is garish. Too much gold, mirrors and chandeliers make it feel more like a casino or fancy ball room than a hotel. But the furnishings, if in questionable taste, are nevertheless of high quality, clean and well maintained.Check-in service was a bit frazzled, but the bellman and room service were first rate. You won't be disappointed if you pay under $200 for a cityview room or under $300 for a park view.	
Jan 30 2005	Poor hotel considering it's four star status	Most unimpressed with this supposed four star hotel. I expected luxury and elegance and was sadly disappointed. The place looked tired, grubby and in need of a facelift. The pushy bellhop gave me no choice but to take my bags and stood waiting until I gave him a tip and then walked off without thanks. The check-in staff were unattentive and seemed somewhat overworked running all over the place. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and find it unbelievable The Plaza is in the same class as this when they are clearly worlds apart. The location is great but that counts for little if the hotel is poor. The bathroom looked like something out of a 1970's motel with peeling watersealing and melamine sink surround	
Dec 31 2004	Great Hotel Excellent City	I stayed here between the 18th-22nd of december 2004, and thought that the hotel was great, its in an excellent location and i found the staff to be very helpful. I paid top dollar for the room, but what a room it was, i stayed on the 33rd floor in a large room with a kingsize bed and a view over central park, the view is what made it so special as i took my girlfriend to NY to ask her to marry me. Come monday morning there was 1&quot; of snow covering central park, where later in the day i purposed, it was spectacular. Granted the room needed updating but everything worked including the thermostat. To be honest all i wanted was a romantic view of the park and a warm tidy hotel room, i mean who goes to new york and stays in their room all day.the room was cleaned twice a day, and i could not fault the hotel service.	
Dec 20 2004	3 Star overall / overpriced.	Are you familiar with the concept of grade inflation? I have a theory that the concept is also is at work regarding NYC hotel rooms, with most hotel grades inflated by 1 star. In other words, a 4 star hotel would be considered equivalent to a 3 star hotel in another city; a 3 star equivalent to a 2 star and anything below that we probably don’t want to talk about. If you looking for a one sentence summation of this hotel, it reminds me of a Hilton or a Sheraton, which to me are solid 3 star hotels. In another city, this hotel would be acceptable for a 1-3 night business stay, but not for a special occasion or if you have a need to impress clients.My wife and I stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane this past weekend for a little getaway, without our children. I have to say that the multiple reviews posted on this site were accurate. We chose the hotel based upon location and through Internet research, so we had an idea of what to expect. We paid a Christmas season price and at that level, do not think that the hotel represents a good value. We had a city view room, on the 42nd floor. The view was looking east and in the early morning sunlight was quite nice. Our room was clean and reasonably sized (for a room in NYC). The bed was comfortable and the sheets had a nice feel to them. The décor was dated and fraying around the edges; chipped paint on a few pieces of furniture and snares/loose threads on chair fabrics. It is ironic that people pay a premium price to purchase newly distressed furniture yet when this hotel renovates, you will likely be able to get real “distressed” furniture for cents of the dollar. The bathroom was fine with hot water on demand and excellent water pressure. The towels were rough and thin however and could certainly stand to be replaced. One of my pet peeves regarding hotel rooms is the shower curtain. In most cases (Helmsley included), there is no way to secure the inner liner such that water does not end up on the floor. Our room was equipped with a flat screen TV. The remote control was weak so that you had to be within a few feet of the screen and directly in front for it to be effective. The picture was not very good either. Then again, the TV was on for a total of maybe 40min during our stay (checking the weather and making sure that nothing much had changed in the world). The heating/ac system was another matter entirely. Our room felt like an oven when we walked in. I turned the thermostat down to 50 and opened the widows (2 windows in our room could open ~6inches each). There was no way to turn off the heat. I called the front desk and was told that the heat had been turned on for the hotel, but they would see what they could do regarding our side of our floor. We went out to a late dinner and when we returned we noted no change in temperature. Oh Well…. By the next morning, according to the thermostat thermometer, the temperature was ~77, where it stayed for the remainder of our visit. At the price we paid, it is simply unacceptable not to be able to regulate the temperature in your room.On the other hand, basic hotel service was excellent. We noted that the maid service cleaned rooms twice per day and that was a pleasant touch. Check in and Check out went smoothly and they were able to accommodate our request for a room with a view, on a high floor. The elevators were very fast and even though the hotel was almost completely booked, we never had to wait more than a minute or 2 for an elevator to arrive. We didn’t try room service so cannot comment on that. It was nice to receive a copy of the NY Times each morning, instead of the generic USA Today or something like the Daily News.Overall, a 3 star rating. If you can book this hotel for a discounted rate (say under $175/night) then you are getting a good value for a NYC hotel room in a desirable location. Spend any more than that and you will probably not be satisfied.	
Dec 16 2004	Helmsley park lane	The hotel was very nice but the people that worked there were extremely rude. After spending thousands of dollars there, they refused to let me eat a bagel in the lobby and said i had to leave. How pathetic.......	
Dec 14 2004	peeling wallpaper boken toilet seat	Over priced, over crowded, poorly maintained. Tourist trap, definetly not worth the money. I have stayed in motels with a better bathroom. After paying over $300 for one night they had the nerve to charge my credit card for incidentals we did not even use. An all around disapointing experience. Not recomended!	
Dec 13 2004	Only the little People pay high prices	I stayed at the Park Lane Hotel Last Weekend. I will tell you this, I am not made of money, the value was excellent for a leading hotel of the world. The Staff was friendly, and responed quickly to all of my requests. The location was the cream of the crop. The rooms are not dirty, just &quot;old&quot; in style. however you can tell the items in the room were very expensive. Lets get real if you are traveling to NYC to hang out in the room, why not rent a room in your own town? Although it was not a hotel that reflected my personal style, i found the room large with an awesome view of Central Park which I will never forget.	
Dec 6 2004	Great Location but a Little Worn Round the Edges!	As many reviewers have already said, the location of this hotel is fab! Very close to most things recommended to see for a first trip to New York. (NB subway nr. hotel shut at weekends!)However, a good deal of investment is required to update the old fashioned and tatty furnishings, particularly in the bedrooms. Ours was very shabby, but very clean with lovely crisp white sheets and fluffy towels! Its decor/general maintenance did let it down badly. We requested two single beds when booking, and then e-mailed the hotel a few days before arrival to stress the point again. We were told it would be no problem. On arrival, guess what?! We had a double bed only!! Great for a married couple etc etc but not 2 ladies on a New York shopping spree! We ended up having to have a fold up bed in the room, which was not the most comfortable in the world!Harry's Bar was tiny, but served great Cosmopolitan's and staff were efficient and pleasant. May well return, but because of the old fashioned/fusty furnishings we will investigate other hotels in the area before we book!	
Nov 19 2004	Not worth the money	Stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane from Nov. 5-10, 2004 for the NYC Marathon. The hotel is very average with really lousy concierge. The location is good, however, in speaking with others, I would have spent the extra $25/night and stayed at the W Hotel in Times Square. We paid $300/night for a very average room...should have been $169/night. Would not stay there again.	
Nov 9 2004	Best Location and Spacious Room	I stayed twice at the Park Lane. Once in July, 2003 and July 2004. I thought it was a terrific value. I was born and raised in NYC and drove a cab my last 2 years of college and I can tell you that this is the very best location in NYC. Close to everything especially Central Park which is right across the street.Yes, the funishings in the room are some what dated, but the room was clean and very spacious.The lobby is small and is not a place to hang out. But, this is NYC so the focus should be on getting out and enjoying the greatest city in the world.I found the staff friendly and helpful.Something To Consider: If you are going to eat at any NYC hotel restaurant expect to overpay for a meal of equal or less quality than a randomly selected restaurant on the street.	
Oct 25 2004	Good location but needs a facelift	Just returned from a three night trip to NYC. My husband and I took our teenage children. Had read the many comments on the web site, so I pretty much knew what we were getting. Made me very mad we had to have two rooms, even though both rooms had two double beds - one would of been enough. The clerk said it was a NYC law that we couldn't all stay in one room. It is a wonderful location. However, our heat was broken and even though we complained, it was never fixed. It's a shame with such a great location, they don't upgrade the rooms.	
Oct 20 2004	Awful Awful Awful	Lobby is dumpy, with no place to sit and piped in Sinatra. Concierge knows nothing, and is usually away from desk. Promised room on hight floor. Room was on low floor and faced an air shaft. Bathroom water stained. Rude at front desk.Maybe if you get a view of the park you can forget about everything else that is lacking	
Oct 12 2004	Fantastic place to stay!	My Fiancee and I have just returned from New York this morning, having spent a few nights staying at the Helmsley Park Lane. What can I say about this hotel, Fantastic! We loved the place. The location cannot be beaten. You have a subway station located right across the road, or just around the corner. You are right across the road from Central park. We didnt pay the extra for a park view room because we figured we wouldnt be spending a lot of time in the room. However as we checked in the receptionist informed us that the room we had been given, (on the 36th floor) had a split view, partly of the city and partly of the park. The view was fantastic! The room was extremely comfortable, grand decor, but not signs of wear and tear as other reviewers had noted. The rooms were clean, and of a good spacious size, and so were the bathrooms (great water pressure in the shower). And as for the staff, they couldn't have been nicer, from the moment we arrived we were made to feel welcome! If you visit New York my advice would be to stay here. And if you do you must pop down the block to the Plaza for cocktails in their bar, fantastic!	
Sep 15 2004	great city great hotel great holiday	Stayed in the helmsley park lane in july for a week, and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Hotel room was very clean and tidy, large and spacious, with all the comforts you would wish for. the bathroom was in good order, clean and tidy, with a great shower!!. I had read many reviews on this hotel, some of which were very negative, but found the hotel to be terrific, especially since we paid an ecomomy room rate thru the internet. Location is faultless too, walking distance from all the mid-town attractions, not to mention being a stones-throw from central park. Would stay in this hotel again without hesitation, can recommend the helmsley park lane to anyone who wants to enjoy NYC, greatest city in the world.....................	
Sep 5 2004	Nice stay but regular upkeep lacking	Stayed 2 nights July, '04. Received great rate from hotels.com ($189 per night) and expected no great room. Size was OK but conidition of room was marginal. Light bulbs out in several lamps, AC very load. Everything fixed once we complained but you might think regular room maintainance would be done to avoid such problems. View was nice, above expected air shafts but the really great views of Central Park were clearly reserved for others willing to pay standard rake rate or more. Walls were heavy enough to prevent noice from the hallway. Bellman acted like I slapped him when I gave him a $3 tip for carrying our overnight bag to the room. TV worked but very limited standard cable. Great location	
Sep 1 2004	Great but not spectacular...	My sister and I stayed here with a promotional discount rate (deeply discounted), so I'm sure that affected our status with the front desk. We arrived in the morning after a red-eye flight, requesting an early check-in. We were denied. It was a Tuesday morning, so...At the &quot;proper&quot; checkin time, we were put on the top floor, but we only got a view of the buildings behind us. Can't really call it NY skyline, because we were surrounded by skyscrapers and couldn't really see the sky. I did sneak into the room across the way while they were cleaning, however, and if you're fortunate enough to receive a room on the Central Park side, you're the luckiest man alive. The hotel probably affords the best view of the park out of all the buildings in NYC.Location is terrific and easily accessible. Fifth Avenue is a stone's throw away, as is the famous Plaza Hotel, so you know you're in a good, safe area. Walking through the park at 700AM while waiting for your room to open is a great treat and made the wait worthwhile. Times Square is an easy walk or a very inexpensive cab fare. Rooms were ornate, but older. The plus is that they were a good, large size (for NY anyway). Extending our stay was no problem. Overall, it was very nice, and I wouldn't mind staying there again (wouldn't mind trying somewhere new, though).	
Aug 18 2004	Incredible hotel!	We are a family of four and stayed for four nights in a suite with a living room and two double beds in the bedroom. There were two full bathrooms with bathroom scale, a really good magnifying mirror &amp; a blow dryer in each, plus niceties like a mini fridge in each room and lots of closet space with decent hangers. We were on the 21st floor with an unbelievably beautiful view of Central Park with the city on either side. The rooms were lovely, very clean and spacious. I especially loved the comfy armchair with ottoman in the bedroom, great for putting your feet up after a long day walking through the city! We found the help very pleasant - one of the concierges, Mr. O'Brien, was extremely helpful and informative, while another on duty the next morning, a woman (didn't get her name) gave us erroneous information and was not at all helpful. The maid service was good including turn down service in the evening, although my daughter was looking forward to a chocolate on her pillow and none was forthcoming. All in all, highly recommended - as other reviewers have stated, the location is fabulous, minutes away from Museum Mile, near all the Broadway shows, and of course the park!	
Jul 19 2004	Great water pressure!	We've stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane twice. None of the reviews I've read comment on the fact that, unlike many other fine hotels in New York (including Essex House, the Intercontinental Central Park South, and the Waldorf), the Park Lane has showers where the water's always hot and always plentiful. We've found everything else satisfactory as well. At $159-$179 per night for a basic room, it's the best deal in town	
Jul 12 2004	Helmsley park lane great location but terrible rooms	I booked my hotel through Voyage now and got a good deal. My first choice was Le Parker Meridien but that was fully booked. So Voyage now adviced me to stay at the Helmsley Park lane instead which should be the same standard and similar location. I got a room on a high floor with partly park view which was great but the rest of the room was not even close to a 4 star standard.. Thick carpet, dirty, wet from a leeking air conditioner, temperature in room could not be adjusted, paint was peeling in the bath tub, phone was not working and they could also not have it repaired before I left. Service was also not as promised, ignorant personnel and a not very friendly concierge. Location fantastic with subway close and the park just across the road, but the room was a big disappointment. As always the rooms look great when you check the website of the hotel. Like for most NY hotels I think it is time to update those pictures on the web!!!	
May 8 2004	Very disappointing	Location cannot be beat. However, the furnishings are old and ragged and the service was poor. TV did not work first day. Had to call three times before a technician arrived. TV stopped working the second day -- I called twice but nobody arrived to fix it. Returned from business on second day at 6:00 pm hoping to take short nap before dinner. My room had not been cleaned. Had to call twice before someone arrived. No explanation given. On final day, invoice not left under door, then had to wait ten minutes to check out because only one person at front desk and long line of guests. Others employees standing around doing nothing. 	
May 8 2004	Friendly Staff Great view	Fabulous view and friendly staff! We booked through expedia and the reception desk discreetly moved us out of the rooms we were to have had (2 twins - only ones available on the website), into 2 w/king beds and overlooking Central Park. I have traveled all over the world and was still amazed by the view. It was mystical in the early morning, twinkling in the evening, and I was out all day, so who knows how it was in broad daylight! Convenient location, helpful concierge. The furniture &amp; bathroom showed wear (abraded upholstery, tub, etc.), but the room was huge and overall (the view has spoiled me for anywhere else!), it was even better than my usual favorite in NYC, the Sofitel. Also - we had the wine dinner (unlimited different wines) at Cite restaurant, which was great. 	
Apr 15 2004	Disappointing stay - good location	Loved NYC - but the hotel was the only real disapointment. The staff were indifferant and unattentive. The room had numerous problems. The water dripped continously in the tub. The TV remote was weak, the refrigerator and room safe were broken, the carpet and furnishings were dingy, and the maid service did not replenish the towels and supplies daily. I have heard if you want to pay for the park view you get a much better room, but the city view side leaves much to be desired.	
Apr 13 2004	Great location great views...	We stayed here for 3 nights from 7th April. The hotel is in a brilliant location, overlooking Central Park, and views from the hotel room are either city or park views. We had a city view from the 32nd floor and were not dissapointed! The hotel itself was very clean, as was our room. The decor and furniture however, was a little dated, and becoming worn. There were no tea/coffee making facilities in our room, although room service was available at about $9 for a large pot of fresh coffee. The majority of the staff were very pleasant and helpful, changing our keys over when we stupidly left ours in our room was no trouble at all. I found the bar prices were high, about £16 ($30) for 3 drinks, especially as the bar itself has seen better days and is very ripped!! There is however, a small shop in the hotel to buy drinks and snacks if preferred. Overall, what the hotel lacked in style, it more than made up for in its location and views. Would definately go back again.	
Apr 7 2004	Fantastic view!	This hotel is in a superb position for views of Central Park and access to the City; particularly if you like to walk up the upper east side to the art galleries and museums (just 15 mins on foot to the Metropolitan). We were given a lovely junior suite with amazing views of the park; the room was very spacious (one of the largest city hotel rooms I have ever stayed in) although the furniture looked better put together than it really was. The bed was enormous and comfortable; the bathroom was adequate, if nothing special, and there were plenty of towels. When I couldn't switch one of the lights off because the switch was broken it was fixed very quickly. Room lights were not controllable from the bed (except the immediate bedside lights) which is unusual in a refurbished hotel room. The lack of tea/coffee making facilities in the room lets it down but at least the fridge keeps the wine cold! I would certainly stay here again. It is rather strange that the check in/out desk should be so pathetically small; there are a lot of rooms in this hotel! The staff cope quite well though; and a bit of selective palm-greasing keeps the lobby staff on the look out to be helpful.	
Apr 5 2004	Dream Vacation !	I stayed at the Park Lane for 4 nights, March 15-19, 2004. Upon arrival we were treated with much concern because my Mother had cut her leg on the Super Shuttle van. The bell captain, Tom, gave her ice (Bless him) and one of the managers helped get our room rush cleaned (really Bless him!). We had a park view room that was very spacious and had a great bathroom! The view was fantastic. The decor was fantastic. Everything worked and was clean. The door men, bellmen and waiters couldn't have been nicer to us and made us feel really at home. There was a snow storm and one evening rather than risking the weather we ate in the &quot;Room with a View&quot;. What could be nicer than to look out into Central Park watching ths snow fall. Leona, Trouble and guests were dining next to us! The food was expensive, it was tasty, and it was a lot of fun on that special night. The waiter even cut up my daughters steak! The refigerator in the room is a great big plus. If you need anything just walk out the back door, onto 58th Street. There is a deli right next door (get your coffee there) and directly across the street is the nicest salon at the Wyndam Hotel. My daughter got an appointment for a french manicure within 3 hours of our arrival, great price and sweet staff there! You can also go to the corner and find everything else on 6th Ave. The 6th Ave. cafe has the best Belgian waffles with fresh strawberries. Across the street from it is a very nice drug store. There is also a deli called Rock and Roll where we bought the best black and white cookies (late at night -when they had just arrived), and next to it is a liquor store that has anything you need. The room was cleaned extremely well everyday and our beds always turned down. We also made a friend in Brian , bell captain, who always watched out for us as we came in and out. We thank him! We can't wait to make a reservation for our next visit, I will request the very same room!	
Mar 28 2004	Location location location!!!	Adored the location; staff adequate; rooms need a little sprucing up. Chipped tiles in the bathroom, but nice big towels. I would certainly love coffee in my room as so many hotels today have this. I would stay at the Park Lane again as I love being &quot;on the park&quot;.	
Mar 15 2004	Wonderful stay!	Stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane in March 2004. After reading mixed reviews wasn't sure what to expect. Checked-in with no problems and were allocated a room on the 39th floor. Room was large, newly decorated with all the amenities stated including a stunning view over the city and some of central park. Rooms overlooking the east side seem to have a better view. My only gripe was having no tea/coffee making facilities in the room. Also, didn't eat/drink in the hotel as it looked rather pricey so can't comment there. Hotel is in a prime position for both eating and getting around NY. Booked direct with the hotel via the internet. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 17 2004	Great Location;Not Attentive to Details	Just returned from a 3-night stay. Booked a junior suite through Expedia. The view was beautiful (although the inside of the window was very dirty with what looked like kids hands);the linens, drapes and bedspread were fabulous and looked new. The couch and side chair upholstery looked new. However, the room was PURPLE with PURPLE wallpaper everywhere, even on the bathroom ceiling. It would have been tasteful except it is always a bad idea to have wallpaper near a bathroom sink. And the carpet and walls were somewhat dirty. Three or four out of eight lightbulbs at the sink were out and we asked three times for them to be replaced: when the bellman brought our luggage;when housekeeping brought the iron that was missing;and third, when we left a note to housekeeping. It never got done. We asked for extra pillows (twice), got those, but they then took one of the them back the next day! The housekeeping service tended to be rather noisy in the hallway in the morning around 8:30 am. We didn't even try room service...$21 for a hamburger even in NYC seems a bit stiff and there are plenty of nearby places. The location is great, but I would probably not stay here again because they just didn't seem to care too much. On check-out, we were not asked if everything was okay, and I had to request a comment card which were kept hidden behind the front desk.	
Feb 16 2004	Not what I expected	We stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane for Valentines Day 2004. What a dissapointment. I've stayed at The Doubletree Guest Suites and thought this was a step up. It wasn't. The rooms are OLD... run down hotel. Pealing paint and 1 plug in the bathroom. Can't heat a curling iron and blow dry at the same time. No coffee maker and a pot of coffee after service charges and 18% tip is about 15.00. Staff is not friendly. Great location but that is the only good I see here. Subway next to hotel is closed on weekends too. The best part of the trip was seeing Leona's dog Trouble walking the halls. Saw her too... If you're planning on staying here, I would reconsider. Had drinks at The Plaza and it was dissapointing too. Try the Doubletree. Beautiful rooms and great location. Good Luck!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 24 2004	Good hotel great location	I stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane early November 2003 during the New York marathon. I was there to see my sister-in-law run. The hotel was nice, clean, and the staff was reasonably friendly, considering the crush of people arriving for the race. The location is great, right next to Central Park, and having several nice restaurants and corner convenience stores within a couple minutes walk.We found a pair of bright green thong panties under the bed, which was funny. I guess the maid didn't want to touch them, and neither did we!	
Jan 13 2004	Fabulous view appalling management	Where to begin? We stayed at the Park Lane in August, 2003, arriving the morning of the Blackout. Our rooms were a bit worn but lovely, and we had the most incredible view overlooking Central Park. That was the good part. The only good part. Now, any reasonable person understands the stress management must have been under during the blackout, but the next four days were a series of churlish responses to reasonable requests. After the initial night of craziness -- no food, no water, no AC and nothing resembling an emergency plan from management -- we expected at least some common courtesies.  When the blackout hit, cell phone service was spotty at best. I was in NY with my older parents and four kids, and the only way to find out what was happening that first afternoon was through the hotel's occasionally-working lines. Example: we had theater tickets for Friday night. When I asked the concierge that afternoon if shows were still on, she just shrugged. So I called my husband back home and he went to playbill.com for the answer. The day before checkout, I politely requested the hotel waive the long-distance surcharge, given the extremity of the whole situation. Keep in mind that we had prepaid for an expensive breakfast we did not receive on two mornings, had no AC for the next four days, etc. The desk agent looked at me as if I were crazy. Now, really, what skin off their noses would it be to waive the absurd, almost $200 surcharge?? I wrote a letter to the manager several weeks later and, not surpisingly, never received a response. No way would I recommend this place.	
Jan 4 2004	Wonderful Stay!!!!!	We spent 3 nights at the Helmsley Park Lane on Central Park South over Christmas, 2003. What a wonderful experience! The rooms (we had 2) were extra large and clean. The staff is very efficient and of course, the location is excellant! If you can get a good price here, and I did over the Internet, you should try to stay here!!!! If you want a drink, I do recommend you stay away from Harry's Bar. Their prices are inflated, but there is a liquor store around the corner if you want a bottle of wine in your room, or you could go to a neighborhood bar somewhere nearby. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 27 2003	Cold in New York	Reading reviews online leaves you skeptical but our stay at the Park Lane Hotel, Manhattan was fairly pleasant. We weren't able to make a long distance call from our phone so the front desk made our call for us at no charge. We had many movie charges at check out that weren't ours and they eventually took the charges off. Our room with 2 double beds was large and we had a beautiful view. The staff was pleasant at all times. We had tickets to &quot;The View&quot; and even though we got in line early (8:50 am) we still didn't make it in to see the show. A staff member took our name and address and said they would call to let us know when we could come back in January but that was just public relations. Most people in line were from out of town and won't be able to go back to see the show. It was extremely cold most of our stay (week of Christmas). Be prepared to walk a lot since sometimes that is the best way to get where you're going. It takes a while to figure out the subway and bus schedules. A Metrocard is $21.00 for 7 days that allows you to ride the bus or ride the subway. New York is a beautiful and expensive city. You almost have to go twice. Once to figure out what you're doing and the second time to just go and have fun!	
Dec 16 2003	B+ :Great Location Nice View and Large/Comfortable Rooms	I've been to NYC many times and stayed at a number of different hotels - some great and some really bad. I would say that my brief stay at the Helmsley Park Lane was surprisingly above average - especially for NY where one often ends up with a cluttered and dingy closet like room with a tiny window and no view.The staff were very courteous and respectful - and as requested, we were placed in a spacious corner room on the 42nd floor with a beautiful view of downtown. We even ended up arriving at the hotel much earlier than expected (11am), but were still able to check in and get settled in the room by then.While I normally go for boutique hotels that have a more hip and unique feel (such as the Paramount), I liked the Park Lane with its refreshingly sophisticated dÃ©cor and classic furniture. Some elements of the dÃ©cor teetered on being overly outlandish, but most of it was different enough to make it interesting.The only complaint I have is that our room could have certainly used some critical maintenance fix-ups (especially if there were to be any kids staying in that room). For example, a couple of bulbs in the bathroom light fixture were out, another lamp next to the window flickered off and on constantly, and the lamp next to the bed was unplugged. When we went to plug that one in, we found a giant knot/ wad of electrical cords behind the night stand, and the nearby electrical socket was completely open and just hanging loosely out of the wall.	
Dec 9 2003	I liked the Helmsley Park Lane	I read some of the reviews so I was a bit concerned about staying here. My room was not an updated room so it was a bit worn. I booked my reservation on-line on the Helmsley site and got a great rate. The rate was only $6.00 per night more then all of the discount travel sites I checked. I booked a city view room but when I checked in they gave me a partial park view. WOW, what a view. I could see most of the park. The staff was so friendly, helpful and nice. The location of this hotel is great. It's so close to everything. I'll be returning to NYC this Feb. and will stay at the Park Lane again!	
Nov 18 2003	Great location	After reading the reviews, I too was a bit nervous. but we had a fine stay. While the decor was a bit like granny's (crystals galore), the room was clean &amp; large, the service excellent and the location couldn't have been better -- for the money, it was a good deal.	
Nov 6 2003	Nice enough...	We got upgraded to this hotel from the three-star one we had booked, as it was being redecorated. Having read the reviews of both, I was nervous travelling because, although the Park Lane has more stars, the reviews were less good and it's overall rating was much lower. We found the front-desk staff to be polite but not overly helpful. When we arrived we were told that we were not getting a park view room but a recently refurbished city view one, although it didn't seem particularly new compared to the rest of the hotel. The view was ok, but the helpful chambermaid allowed us into one of the other rooms so we could see the view of Central Park and all in all this would have been the better room. The decor throughout is very chintzy but our room was large and clean. Although we had nothing to complain about, I would not liked to have paid the £400 extra for 5 nights which is what it would have cost if we had booked the Park Lane originally. It was nice but not luxurious enough for what they charge... but it was good value for what we paid!	
Oct 26 2003	Liked the Park Lane	I would return to the Park Lane. Great location -- you can walk to almost anything. The room was fine -- the bathroom could have been a little bigger, but was adequate. Nice breakfast room with a view of the Park, and Harry's Bar on the second floor. (But several deli's very close if you'd rather not spend $20 for continental breakfast.) Only drawback is in the summer -- with the Hansom cabs across the street, the smell can get very strong.	
Sep 11 2003	Great location great hotel		
Aug 20 2003	Not worth it - inconsistent service/rooms		
Jul 29 2003	They will get all of your money or die trying		
Jul 28 2003	Good Enough		
Jul 22 2003	Appaling!		
Jul 11 2003	Disappointing		
Jun 8 2003	Not worth it		
May 20 2003	Idyllic walk in Central Park		
Jan 2 2003	Location Good but that's it		
Sep 17 2002	great view great location		
Oct 6 2009 	un peu vieillot mais reste un peu du palace qu'il devait etre		
Sep 24 2009 	una vista stupenda		
Sep 11 2009 	bellissimo!!!		
Sep 10 2009 	A eviter si vous avez d'autres choix		
Sep 10 2009 	Tolle Lage - super Ausblick auf den Central Park! Sehr freundlicher Umgang!		
Sep 8 2009 	Posizione ottima e vista su Central Park fantastica		
Sep 1 2009 	Eccellente		
Aug 19 2009 	vale la pena		
Jun 16 2009 	fantastico!!!		
May 28 2009 	Ottimo albergo in ottima posizione		
May 13 2009 	Excelente hotel y bien situado		
May 7 2009 	Excelente servicio y situación		
Apr 1 2009 	per favore non chiamatelo leading hotel!!!		
Mar 8 2009 	hipnotizado por las vistas		
Jan 19 2009 	Buon hotel!		
Jan 10 2009 	l'efficienza e l'efficacia : Bravi!		
Dec 17 2008 	Week End sul Central Park		
Dec 1 2008	Ex bel albergo X bel albergo necessita ristrutturazione		
Oct 4 2008 	Buen hotel para ser Nueva York		
Sep 14 2008 	Me encantó la Habitación		
Jul 3 2008 	soddisfatta dell'hotel		
May 12 2008 	Vue sur Central Park sinon ça ne vaut pas la peine		
Apr 30 2008 	Une vue exceptionnelle sur Central Park !		
Apr 5 2008 	situacion inmejorable exquisita atención y necesita una reforma profunda		
Feb 28 2008 	Bellissima posizione		
Oct 8 2007 	Ottima posizione - ottimi servizi		
Sep 8 2007 	Charmantes Hotel in super Lage in Manhattan		
Sep 11 2006	Excellent		
