	Great location 	This is a great hotel for location and transport links. The rooms are very large for New York, clean, with large clean bathroom. There is use of an ironing board and a free safe in the room - would definitely return here when next in NYC.	
Nov 24 2009 	Definitively a cheap hotel	the only good thing about this hotel is that the rooms were large -- the decor came out of a hotel 6 but otherwise decent. The one major complaint is that we did not have hot water one late morning and the manager didn't seem to care about it -- go figure you're in NY! I recommend this place only if it's your last resort, otherwise, do yourself a favor and skip it.	
Nov 18 2009 	a little hidden gem	Don't blink or wou'll miss this place. It doesn't have a very big street entrance but well worth the effort to go in. Staff were excellent. Rooms were extremely comfy and roomy too. wish we had stayed there for our entire stay in New Yor, our next hotel wasn't anywhere near the standard of this place. Thank you Broadway Plaza for a great welcome to the big apple.	
Nov 14 2009 	'Great Location'	We stayed here on our honeymoon, The staff were friendly on our arrival, we were shown to our room and the room was large with a large bathroom - this was a nice suprise. The location was great for the Empire State Building and Macy's and other touristy locations. The breakfast was very poor, it was supposed to be a continental buffet, on both occasions we went down in the morning there was muffins and the room was very small where the breakfast was being served. We decided to go out for breakfast to a little cafe oposite the hotel on the right hand side... this was fab we went there everyday and it was very cheap. The only complaint I'd have with the hotel is that in the evenings we could hear some kind of rodent scratching above the ceiling tiles and running above the tiles. I reported this to reception and they sent someone up to look. They wouldn't beleive us that we were hearing anything and they assured us they had poision pellets above the roof tiles. Anyway this went on everynight for our whole stay..... It made me feel a bit uncomfortable by the end of the week.	
Oct 8 2009 	Not Great	Location was okay-- in garment district. My biggest complaints are that the tv, internet (yes, I paid for it), and elevators were did not work well at this hotel. We complained and finally got the internet for free. It's in okay shape, very basic. Beds were small and pretty firm. There's not very much right around the hotel but you can find things in a few blocks. I would give it a 2.5 out of 5 rating.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent room excellent service!	I have stayed at the Broadway for two different trips to the city and have had perfect service and accomodations each time. I highly recommend this hotel and will be back.	
Sep 30 2009 	Value for money	We stayed here for one night before we flew out of the city. It was a last minute booking and we got a huge room with two queen beds for $150, including breakfast. The decor is a bit drab and old fashioned, but it was very comfortable and clean. There was no coffee/tea in the room, but coffee and soft drinks 24/7 on the floor above. Wifi was extra. The neighbourhood is a bit dingy in the evening, but that is because it is in the garment district (Broadway and 27th) and all the shops were closed. However, it's only two streets up from Madison Sq Garden with bars and restaurants, so by no means isolatedand what's more, it made for a quiet night. Staff were friendly and very helpful. Breakfast was a bit simple, bagels and machine coffee, but hey, for $150 all in, it was a steal.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent Value! Clean! Fresh Towels 	My 27 year old youngest son &amp; I travelled to NYC for 5 days from 26 -31st August 2009 and I pre-booked this hotel from Australia, in March of the same year. At the time of booking (through expedia.com) Broadway Plaza Hotel was offering a special promotion after refurbishment of the premises.We arrived after 10pm, and at first I was disconcerted by the appearance - either side of the hotel's smart entrance - by dingy roller doors lining most of the street, giving the appearance of a down-market, 'low-rent' area.*** (Quite a different vista by day - when roller doors go up &amp; shops window displays give a totally different perspective)However, we were met by a doorman, and our check-in was seamless - the room large &amp; comfortable with a good sized bathroom. AND LOVELY FRESH, WHITE TOWELS.Every day our room was 'made up' - bed made, fresh towels and toiletries; it was quite humid in NYC at the time, so the very effective air conditioning was wonderful.The continental breakfast consisted of piles of bagels, doughnuts and pastries - fresh fruit provided (apples and oranges) juices and tea &amp; coffee on the 4th floor dining area.  ( Reminiscent of hostel style ) - and was quite satisfying.They also had an out sourced room service which was good for breakfasts, but did not supply all items listed for evening meals - but the burgers, chips and salad which were available - were delicious!My son &amp; I thoroughly enjoyed our stay here... centrally located to all attractions and the service was seamless during our stay.The hotel can also arrange hotel to airport transport by car - I highly recommend this - for a set fee - it is a comfortable &amp; affordable option (US $60 approx) - to taxis or a shuttle bus.My own rating over all - (I think it is a 3 star hotel) is excellent - Value for Money!	
Sep 18 2009	Clean hotel 20 minute walk from Times Square	Not a bad hotel. One of very few available in New York that served breakfast and that was included in the price. Free coffee was also available throughout the night. Slightly long walk from Times Square after long days of sight seeing, the walk was also through the whole sale district. But generally clean and friendly staff depending who was on duty.	
Sep 18 2009 	Perfect Hotel for NYC Vacation!	Spent 4 nights at the Broadway Plaza while on a girl's trip to shop and sightsee in NY. The location is ideal, just 1 block from the subway. We had superb service from start to finish, received helpful info via email before we even checked in. The rooms were roomy by NY standards, the 3 of us fit comfortably into a queen superior even after we had shopped for 4 days! The view from our room on the tenth floor was incredible, it was the Empire State Building which changes the color of its lights almost every night. The continental b'fast was also ideal, perfect for grabbing a bagel and coffee before heading out. The doormen were helpful arranging a car service to return us to the airport at the end of our stay. I would absolutely stay there again!	
Sep 16 2009 	Decent hotel OK area. Big rooms	This hotel was OK, only stopped one night. Rooms were very large (was given 1st one by lift machinery and couldn't stop there as was too noisey - don't let them give you one on 8th floor near lift machinery) but they were really good and swapped me to another room straight away on the 3rd floor. Complimentary breakfast choice was basic, but plentiful and was a clean prep area. Staff were really helpful &amp; friendly. Area not great for a single female traveller, OK in day but didn't fancy walking on own there at night - but that's what cabs are for!	
Sep 9 2009 	Loved It!	My two girlfriends and I stayed here over the Labor Day holiday. I booked early and got a good price on a studio suite with two queen beds and a sleeper sofa. The accommodations exceeded our expectations! The room was very spacious and the bathroom was bigger than the one I have at home. Everything was very clean and comfortable. The doorman and bell people were very friendly and helpful. The location is great and the subway is only one block away. This is one of the best places we have stayed and will definitely return.	
Sep 2 2009 	fantastic place to stay	This is a slightly hidden gem that at first sight is a little obscure, but once inside the transformation is stunning. Friendly,helpful staff help welcome you and make you feel comfortable at the outset. Tony the doorman is really helpful. Indeed from the Manager to the maid all the staff were so kind and helpful. The kitchen area where breakfast is served can get a wee bit crowded, but we survived. Food for breakfast is basic, but nutritious. Easy access to transport Metro (1 block away) leads you to the NY we want to find. The bedrooms are very comfortable, shower/bathroom clean and vibrant, and the fact that you can relax knowing your every need is catered for is all you require.&quot;Well done - Manager and staff of Broadway Plaza, you made our stay so enjoyable&quot;.Hugh &amp; Philomena McClung, Stirling, Scotland	
Aug 22 2009 	Great price and great location	I stayed at the Broadway Plaza hotel for 5 nights and loved it. It was a central location with a subway station about a block away. My friend and I felt comfortable in the neighborhood (two young girls walking at night) and never felt we were in each others way in the hotel room. The room was quiet and clean, two must haves. I was pleased with the staff, very friendly and helpful. We especially appreciated the doorman Tony's help in finding good places to eat and visit. I would recommend this hotel because it really was perfect for what one needs, a comfortable room while visiting the sights in New York. The one downside is the elevator was slow so we had to take the stairs a few times (not that big a deal overall) and the breakfast room could get crowded but if you know what you want just go in, grab it and go to your room to eat. The outside might be a turn off for some people, its slightly hidden, but it really is a great hotel!	
Aug 12 2009 	Good	This is a good hotel the stuff is very accommodating and the position is very good. In 5 minutes (by walk) you can reach the Empire and in 10 minutes you can reach Time Square. The room was clean and every day it was cleaned again. The price vs quality ratio is very positive with respect to the other hotel in new York. The only not very positive thing is that the breakfast room is very small and so you have to wait to have a table (at least is possible to bring the breakfast in the room).	
Aug 8 2009 	Great value hotel in city centre	I chose this hotel because the price relative to its proximity to the city centre sounded like great value and we were not disappointed. The room looks dated but it is still clean and well maintained. The bed was very high and bloated which reminded me of the grand beds you see when visiting stately homes. My son was with me and we were given a double room so they provided us with a folding bed at no extra charge. The toilet and bathroom were clean and well maintained. It's a shame that wifi internet is an extra as I expect it to be complimentary. The staff were helpful and looked after our cases on the day of departure.	
Jul 28 2009 	Diamond in the Rough	We travelled to NY for a leisure trip, hitting up both ball parks, ground zero, time square, soprano tour...etc...I do alot of online reasearch on hotels before I travel, and the reviews sold me on this hotel. It was alittle shaddy outside on the street, but the hotel is exactly was we wanted. Something clean, central location, continential breakfast for a reasonable price. Would definately stay there again!	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Hotel great staff great rooms!	This hotel meet all our needs. The staff were extremely helpful and nice. The room was quite large. The neighborhood was fine. Subway entrance was close by. Breakfast room was small, but we ate in our room. Juice machine was broken. We were extremely impressed with this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 25 2009 	Clean and convenient	We were in New York City for 4 days over the July 4th weekend. My son (8 years) wanted to be within a few blocks of the Empire State Building. We could see it from our window and that made his weekend. We walked everywhere from our hotel and only had minimal complaints from the 6 and 8 year old. Times Square was a bit of a hike but very do-able. There is a park (with an aquapad) a few blocks away where the kids played while we enjoyed a cup of coffee.The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was clean and spacious. The beds were very comfortable. The continental breakfast was a nice start to the day and offered something for all of us. Toasted bagels and orange juice for the kids and coffee and muffins for us. They also had a small selection of fruit. We took it to our room and ate it there. The air conditioning was very efficient and appreciated as it was very hot when we were there. I would have liked a small refrigerator in the room. The hotel is basic, no frills but definitely comfortable and reasonable. The immediate neighbourhood is not pretty but most definitely safe and interesting.Overall, a nice, quiet, basic hotel. No complaints!!!	
Jul 23 2009 	Broadway Plaza Hotel	A very good small inexpensive hotel, near everything and with easy access to the subway.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great Hotel	The location was great. The room was HUGE! The bathroom was HUGE! I have stayed in N.Y. before and have payed more money for rooms that were half the size. Could not hear any noise from the street. Had a good view of the Empire State Building. The staff was very helpful and courteous. The doormen Anthony and Tony were also very friendly and helpful. The breakfast area is small and warm. We took our breakfast to our room where we were comfortable and had control of the tv.The area around the hotel looked a little sketchy at night, but we sometimes rolled in at 3am and felt perfectly safe. The pizza downstairs was really good. Overall, I would highly recommend the Broadway Plaza Hotel.	
May 31 2009 	Would definitely recommend	This hotel was overall a good choice. It was a block away from the subway and had a good place to eat next door with great/cheap breakfast (and I assume other food). As far as the neighborhood, there were people outside that looked a little shady, but honestly, it's new york and they were only there in the day trying to sell stuff, so I never once felt unsafe. The lobby is really small and sometimes the elevator was a long wait, but who cares? The rooms were huge and perfect. I'm a college student and it fit my budget pretty well. The only stressful part of the experience was pulling up to the hotel, dropping luggage off and trying to figure out how to check in, and then pulling the car all the way back around the block to the parking garage, with crazy busy streets. The parking deal is great but I didn't realize until we got there that they park your car for you and you can't access it until the day you schedule to pick it up. O well though, it's cheaper. Overall, I think this hotel is great!	
Apr 29 2009 	The staff made the trip for us.	Located in a commercial area but within easy walking distance of most things. Large room - we had one for 4 adults with ensuite. Our breakfasts we ate in our room as the dinning room was too small but not a negative. The staff were absolutely brilliant, efficient and knowledgable. Get to know the door men, Tony and Anthony - you guys need a pay rise! Overall cheap but comfortable - good value for money.	
Apr 28 2009 	Good clean hotel at a good location	The room was very spacious, clean and nice. The location is great and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was OK, bagel and pastries, OJ, coffee and tea it's all you really need. The breakfast room is very small but you could bring the breakfast to your room. The only bad thing is that there's no restaurants close by and you had to walk for 10-15 min to find good ones.	
Apr 24 2009 	Who said Manhattan rooms aren't good?	Wide rooms, views to the Empire building (very near) and excellent service. There is not too many choices for breakfast but I haven't eaten anything better than its toasted bread rolls for breakfast. I suggest you to reserve on Internet, as they consider you're going to write an evaluation later and they will pay you special attention and the best rooms (I think)!	
Apr 19 2009 	OK	This hotel is very OK. From the website you get the impression it's quite classy. It's actually really dingy inside and looks like an old man's batchelor pad. The location makes it easy to get to all parts of the city though. I haven't commented on the value because I've never been to New York before so I don't know if that's as good as I could expect! Definitetly no better than the comfort Inn down the road which is cheaper.	
Apr 8 2009 	No frills hotel	hotel has a very pokey entrance but once inside seemed ok. Our room was located on the 10th floor which meant we could only get there using one of the 2 elevators, on 2 occasions we waited on the elevator for 10 mins!!. The surrounding area seems to be dominated by perfume and wig stores with a lot of empty boarded up stores around the hotel. we didn't feel unsafe walking around the hotel area but we also didnt feel completely at ease. short walk takes you to the underground which we bought a 7 day pass for, excellent value.the free breakfast is okay to start your day but i wouldnt depend on it, only 3 tables in a small pokey kitchen, 1 grill machine for bagels/ toast etc so often fighting with other guests to use it. after 3rd day we decided to eat out for breakfast.one of the doorman tried to rip us off for broadway tickets, repeatedly telling us that shows would be sold out and only he could get us tickets, he quoted us $480 for 2 tickets for a show, we declined and went to the TKS booth on times square and got 2 tickets for the same show same night for $84, a massive saving compared to his &quot;contacts&quot;.room service was contracted out to a local fast food outlet, you had to call this store and they would deliver it to you, my wife was unwell one evening so couldnt leave the hotel when calling this number I was told that they were busy and delivery could take up to 1 1/2 hrs, i promptly put the phone down.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Room was spacious and clean. Staff was friendly. The doorman was exceptionally helpful in giving us directions. The motel is centrally located on Broadway so we spent one day in Time Square and one day in China Town, Little Italy, etc. We did a lot and saw a lot in 3 days and the Broadway Plaza was a great place to stay.	
Mar 13 2009 	Just what we needed in an NY hotel	Stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel for 6 nights during our first visit to NY. Excellent value for money, room was a good size on 6th floor with view of Empire State Building. Breakfast was a good bonus for us, although it got very busy at times. Room was clean with maid service everyday and lots of hot water. We found the hotel was in a great location for Times Sq, Macys, Madison Sq Garden, Empire State and the subway. The area directly around the hotel has lots of wholesale shops and at times there were a number of people hanging around but it never felt unsafe at all. Would definitely use the hotel again. We bought bus tour tickets ($80) which were valid for 4 days and included Statue of Liberty ferry crossing, Empire State Building access and some museum access plus Uptown, Downtown, Brooklyn and Night bus tours. We found the bus tours really useful to orientate ourselves on our first day and the guides we had were very informative. Would recommend Hill Country bar and restuarant which is on the next street down (30 West 26th Street), particularly if you like meat! It is a Texas BBQ where you can get beef brisket, beer can chicken, mac cheese and chilli plus loads more and there is often live music on.	
Mar 10 2009 	Don't set your expectations too high and you'll be fine	Friendly staff and doormen, room was adequate for the price, but nothing more. Avoid the &quot;free&quot; breakfast--the coffee is disgusting and you are fighting with all the other cheapskates that choose to stay there for space in the toaster and the lone unbruised banana. You won't feel good about yourself. Overall, it's a cheap hotel in NYC and you're getting what you pay for.	
Mar 8 2009 	Nice but could be better	Me and my mum arrived in NY, and after waiting for a shuttle to the hotel, and dropping everyone else off, we finally got to the hotel. It was just a little entrance, nothing fancy. The staff were very friendly and tried their hardest to accomadate us.We booked a room on the 5th floor, and it was a double room and had a good view of the Empire State Building, that was about the only view. We were upgraded to a bigger room due to noisy neighbours and the sound of the lifts and this was free of charge. So our new room was nice, had a good view and nice neighbours! The area is nice, but can be a bit intimidating. Overall, a nice little hotel for its class.	
Feb 18 2009 	Lovely Place To Stay	The rooms are great and very big. the beds are very nice. i was in room 201 it had a safe, iron board with iron, hair driyer. the view was to broadway ave. yes you have to walk a little but who doesnt like to walk in new york city. the concierge are very friendly and the cleaning staff do a good job. love the breackfast and the coffee is great, they even have the newspaper for free. the tv program is a littly tricky at first but you get use to it, good channels. i will recommend the hotel to enyone, great place to stay.	
Feb 17 2009 	Good value for the price	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza for a long weekend earlier this month. The location is very warehouse/wholesale, but didn't feel unsafe, being just 5 or 6 blocks south of Herald Square and a few blocks north of Chelsea. Subway (R/W) is less than a block away.Staff was attentive and helpful, room was a decent size and clean. The bed was a bit lumpy, but comfortable. Skip the &quot;free continental breakfast&quot; and walk over to one of the diners in Chelsea.Would I stay again? Probably. It's not a hotel for romantics, for those who don't want to take the subway to get to anyplace or for people who are uncomfortable in a rather deserted section of the city after dark, but if you're looking for a clean relatively comfortable room at a great price for NYC, the Broadway Plaza can't be beat.	
Feb 8 2009 	New Favorite place to stay in NYC	The Broadway Plaza Hotel is great. It's always a risk booking a hotel in NYC, you never know what you're going to get. Well, I must say I was very pleased. We stayed 2 nights. The first night we booked a Jr. Suite and were very pleased. Lots of room huge bathroom, fridge (not in the bathroom) and sitting area. The second we had a standard king bed room. Again, nice clean room with space to move around. Beds were comfy, free breakfast was adequate and staff is incredibly pleasant and helpful. Everyone from the doormen to the front desk staff and housekeeping were friendly, helpful and chatty. The only negative was the girls in room next to us on night 2 were loud. Not sure if it was minimal room soundproofing or they were just inconsiderate. Either way, hotel staff was cooperative and helpful in quieting them down. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Feb 6 2009 	Decent place to stay	The physical location isn't the best - it's surrounded by wig shops and hair extension palaces. During the day, there were several people we passed on the way to the subway who made us feel a little anxious. At one point, we had to walk through a pretty intense argument.The hotel itself was fine. We arrived several hours before check-in and they stored our bags at no extra cost. The NWRQ line is only one block away, which was very convenient.Our room had two twin beds and was very comfortable. There were three of us total in the room and while it got slightly crowded at times, I really can't complain. The best part was probably the very large, very nice bathroom.As others have mentioned, there is a continental breakfast on the 4th floor in a very small room. Every time we visited, there were a ton of people standing around. Rather than fight the crowd, we took the breakfast back to our room. They served several types of donuts, bagels, and fruit, as well as juice and coffee.The doormen were extremely helpful during our stay, and patiently answered our many questions and gave recommendations when we asked.	
Feb 3 2009 	Cheap no frills hotel. Doormen are liars!	We paid €360 for a double for 4nights, which is excellent for NYC. As mentioned by previous reviewers the immediate area is a little dodgy, Although no one bothered us. Its best to walk down 5th Ave to come+go from the hotel, the surroundings are more pleasant on 5th Ave than on Broadway. Walking distance to almost everything. 20/25mins walk to Times Square, 10mins to Macys &amp; Empire St Building -(dont spend the extra $15 to go to the 102nd floor its not worth it! and the view is alot better from the 86th floor), 2mins to the Flat Iron building you can see it from the hotel front door(the hop on/hop off buses stop here so its handy if you want to get a lift back to the hotel). 28th st subway 1min away. Bus depot to Jersey gardens 15min walk(only $10 for a return ticket out to JG)There is a taxi flat rate to and from JFK of $45+$5 for toll. The receptionist advised that it would be better to let them book us a car to JFK. We declined as we knew there was a flat rate. Anthony (the doorman) advised that a taxi wold rip us off by putting us on the metor. As we were leaving another doorman approached us and told us the the same, and that whoever told me there was a flat rate to JFK &quot;told me wrong&quot; and their car would &quot;only&quot; cost $60. That was literally all we had left so just in case they were right we took their car. It ended up costing us $72!!! I had to pay the remainder on the credit card. So do not believe them that their car is cheaper as they are liars!! This was a real let down for the hotel.They get commission from the hire firm. There IS a flat rate of $45 to JFK from anywhere in Manhattan. Be at JFK 2hrs before your flight leaves no need to be there any earlier.The room was fine. Very clean which was the most important thing for us. Good view of Empire building from room. Nice diner for breakfast called Naturally tasty on the corner of 27th on 5th Ave. Very good restaurant and bar called Houston's on 27th on 3rd or 4th Ave 5mins walk from hotel. Dinner was excellent in there! Overall we got what we paid for with this hotel. You do spend very little time in the hotel so the fact that it was not fancy or romantic didn't bother us to much. If your on a budget its not to bad at all, next time we'll probably stay at the New Yorker, it looked really cool and very well located to everything. New York is an amazing place and your sure to have an amazing trip where ever you stay!	
Jan 26 2009 	Terrible	My room was incredibly dirty upon checking in. Hotel staff was just &quot;so so&quot;.Would not stay here again.	
Jan 25 2009 	Plaza plus	Found this hotel on tripadvisor and it lived up to the billing. Taxi from the airport charged the tolls on top of the fixed fee (not much but have some change ready). He didn't know the hotel but found it via the junction Broadway and 27th St. The staff were friendly and helpful upgrading us on arrival to a corner room with a view of the Empire State Building. Our room was larger than expected, well decorated (except the wardrobe which was three pieces of white conti board with a rail inside and the safe on top) (see pic) and the bathroom although not the most expensive fixtures and fittings was clean and more than functional. The Queen was bed comfortable and well dressed. (see pics) The TV had a choice of free to air News or not so free hard disc film choice.  We took breakfast back to our room on a tray. This consisted of bagels, doughnuts and or fruit. This wasn't great and the coffee wasn't to our taste. The orange juice option was much better although not available all day. We found this hotel very good value in a less busy if slightly noisy location and would stay again. The communal areas aren't that spacious but clean and tidy. The weather was overcast all weekend which spoiled the view 'til Monday. They stored our bags until time for our late flight. Toilets and breakfast room available all day. The street out side was mainly discount/wholesale clothing, we never felt unsafe. You can walk but use the underground.	
Jan 22 2009 	just 'ok'	MY boyfriend and i stayed at the broadway plaza for 3 nights in jan 09.......on arriving at the hotel it seemed clean but very small, we were checked in no problem.our room was small but clean and kept very well throughout our stay, we were in room 203 on the second floor.....we did however experience a few problems, the noise was a problem outside with the locals being very vocal outside in the early hours and the tube being a constant source of noise.......also we had a few little visitors in the ceiling, mice running around and scratching all hours!!!!!! we informed hotel staff on several occassions but they didin't seem to be interested or care about the issue.....hotel location was ok, but if you didn't know your way around you'd be better off staying closer to times square or other tourist spots. the surrounding areas were slightly intimidating.overall the hotel was small and clean with very friendly and helpful doorstaff.cheap and cheerful....................em and dave, durham uk	
Jan 14 2009	great location and price	We booked a junior suite. HUGE room high ceilings alot of space. Very reasonable price but make sure you check hotelwebsite and click on specials to make sure you get the lowest rate. We paid an average of $140 a night for a room with 2 quen size beds a sofa bed huge bathroom quite reasonable for nyc.Staff isvery nice and location is very good. The neighborhood might seem a little sketchy but nobody bothered us and we came back to our room at 11:30 pm both nights and our party was 2 women and a 12 year old girl and I felt completely safe. Definitely would stay again. One more thing we drove ourselvesand parking was easy and convenient and they are more than willing to hold your luggage at the hotel after checkout until you are ready top pick them up and the staff is right there to load you.GREAT!!	
Jan 13 2009	Nice hotel with spacious room - Concierge is a liar	Basically the hotel was good. The room was extremely spacious, very clean, and even the heating worked perfectly! Breakfast is also included in the rate.But we were very upset about the concierge. He told us it would be better to have him organize a limo to get to JFK airport. A taxi would be extremely expensive since it is very busy to get there at this time of the day. I knew that there is always a flat rate between Manhattan and JFK. When I mentioned that he told me that we were lucky the last time and that wouldn't be the normal case. What a liar! You can read that information on every taxi. We even asked a taxi driver and he confirmed what we knew already. I expect to get a correct and fair information from a concierge. From a limo the hotel gets a provision but not from a taxi ... This experience gives me a very bad picture about the hotel and would be a reason not to go back again.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Hotel Great Value!	We stayed here for the duration of our visit in New York City. The hotel had great service, large rooms, especially from what I had heard to expect from New York City! We were very pleased, we had a great view of the Empire State Building.The area was not bad, we felt comfortable walking out at night with our children. I know I was a bit worried after reading other reviews on here but was pleasantly surprised by everything.Includes continental breakfast which was nice, and worked out perfect as I get up early than my family and no one was left waiting on others. What a nice bonus in NY!Would definitely stay here again!	
Dec 31 2008 	Surprisingly good	I traveled to New York before Christmas and found this hotel through the reviews on tripadvisor. I would agree with what the other reviewers have said; it's not luxurious, but it is clean, has all the basic amenities, and is centrally located to the major sites. We arrived in NY in the morning, before check-in, so we visited a museum first thing. I arrived at the hotel at 2:30. Check-in is at 3, but having travelled extensively I had never had a problem checking in that close to the time. I was shocked when they told us that the room was not ready. The attendant at the front desk did offer a waiting area on the 4th floor to have tea or coffee. But I still found it surprising that they were not ready.When we did get to check-in we had trouble getting to our room, which was on the 13th floor. After asking one of the staff, we discovered that our room was the only room on the 13th floor and the only elevator that went that high was the service elevator! It was a little odd. The storage closets were right next to the room, so you could hear the staff going in and out for supplies and talking amongst themselves.As another reviewer had mentioned, the lights are florescent ceiling lights (like in an office). Our floors were all tile, no carpet!The thing that made up for this though was an absolutely fantastic view of the city. There was a perfect view of the Empire State Building. It was snowing as well and watching the clouds and snow whirl around the buildings was def. was one of the most memorable aspects of my trip.There was a good spread at the continental breakfast. I'd advise stopping in early. It opens at 7. I went at 7:20 and the room was already crammed with people. Coffee, tea, OJ, cranberry juice, fruit, muffins, pastries, bagels (with a toaster). Just grab a plate of food and take it up to your room.If you are on a budget, I'd recommend this hotel.	
Dec 25 2008 	Excellent Bargain	If you're looking for a clean, boutique hotel with good service (desk, housekeeping, doorman...) this hotel is certainly worth the price. Do not expect frills or glamour, but it is clean, recently renovated, and close to a lot of attractions. About 8 blocks to Times Square, and several subway stations, each about 2 blocks away. The bed was super comfortable, linens soft and clean, plenty of pillows, and a clean bathroom. The furniture and fixtures are new and modern (no soiled linens, carpets, or chair coverings) in fact, everything was spotless.Of course, when you go to NYC it depends on what you're looking for in a hotel. The entrance was nothing more than a door and an awning, but there is a doorman who offers to call you a taxi, and (obviously) opens the door for you. Also, they are serious about security about checking your room key after hours. The lobby is small; what you see in the picture on their website really is all there is. (But how much time are you really spending in the lobby?) Someone commented on &quot;slow lifts,&quot; but I didn't notice any problems with them. If I had to complain about something (which I really have to look hard) is that the lighting in the room was odd. It very well could have been an office building transformed into a hotel. There was a flourescent light above the doorway and the rest of the room was lit by lamps. It seemed to take lighting all the lamps to get good light for the entire room, but this wasn't a problem, just worth commenting on. It is really a good bargain. If you're looking for Park Avenue glamour, then stay on Park Avenue. Otherwise, this place is certainly worth the money, and probably more comfortable than what I actually paid for.	
Dec 11 2008 	Right in the heart of everything!	Okay its the third time i've stayed in this hotel and it just seems to get better. Checked in with no hassle and staff helped us with the names of local eateries and bus reservations to Woodbury Common. And the evening conceirge (Tony) is HOT!	
Dec 8 2008 	Overall pretty good...	i stayed at the Broadway Plaza 1-9 Nov. 2007 with my parents and sister. we had two standard rooms, both with queen sized bed, think they were on the 7th floor. My parents room was a corner room and bigger than ours but both were a good size and clean. Both rooms were on the front of the hotel overlooking the street but it wasn't overly noisy. The location doesn't look much when you first arrive but its only a 10min walk to time square and we walked back most evenings without no problems. as other reviewers had said the free breckfast wasn't great but there is a diner in the next building which did breckfasts/pizza and was handyoverall it was just what we wanted/needed as first timers in New York and wouldn't hesitate in recommending/returning	
Nov 30 2008	Good quality at reasonable price	We were a group of 10 adults looking for a comfortable accomodation at a reasonable price, and following the Tripadvisor reports decided for this hotel. We were totally satisfied by the three junior suite rooms, which were clean, large and well furnished. Bathroom was large as well. I can confirm other guests' opinion that the breakfast room is too small if related to a capacity of 68 rooms, accomodates just four small tables and is obviously always crowded. The best solution is to bring the food, available in large quantity anytime from 7 to 10 a.m., to your room. The hotel offer includes bagels, muffins, pastries, coffee, tee, juice, fruits, butter and jam. Within 100 meters from the hotel you can buy complementary food like yogurt with cereals and fruits.Not all the people working at the front desk are smiling and friendly as they should be, however they are anytime ready to help.I'd like to mention Mr. Terry, who was really perfect, patient, meeting any of our specific needs like a good friend. The location at the corner between Broadway and 27th is very good because the subway yellow line (N, R, W) is at just one block on the 28th. Macy's, Empire State Building and Times Square are within 15 minutes walk. The area is safe and quite after working hours.	
Nov 22 2008 	clean quite comfortable	clean, quite, large room, comfortable bed, close to 28th st subway, OK breakfast, helpful staff - only con is no free internet	
Nov 19 2008 	Affordable Semi-Luxury Hotel in NYC	I took the recommendations of fellow trip advisor travelers and booked this hotel for a 1 night business stay in Nov 2008. I was not disappointed. Excellent price for the room quality and amenities. The room was very clean and the room was on the larger size for a NYC property. The hotel offers a decent complimentary continental breakfast, but wi-fi/internet access is an additional $10/day. The entrance to the hotel is a narrow hallway to the front desk, and counter space in the bathroom is limited, but again, the room was very clean, a good size, and the bed was excellent. The staff was also very helpful.The hotel is located about 1 block away from the 28th street WR train station, and located close to the Fashion Institute of NY. Overall, a very decent quality boutique hotel for about $300/night.	
Nov 18 2008 	Bad and Good!	We went to NYC and stayed in Central Park for a few days before we booked &quot;The Broadway Plaza&quot; for 2 nights at the end of our week. When we arrived we were fairly impressed though by no means overwhelmed! The entrance is small but re-assuring when you see a well presented friendly door security chap who was very welcoming. The staff at the desk too were fairly friendly. We checked in and went to our Room 802, upon entering my partner and I were very impressed. the room looked clean and tidy and well presented, with a large Old style TV (That Suprisingly had Signal, unusual for many Hotels in NYC) Our room was a corner room and for a Queen size room was a decent size with tidy bathroom. There was also a Drinks machine and Sweets,Crisps dispenser too on our floor. All Good so far! We then ventured outside at night to go to Maddison Square Garden to see AC/DC Play and were a little shocked at first, for about 500 metres strectch directly outside the hotel is slightly dodgy! Many groups hanging around doing well NOT much just hanging! my girlfriend was a little worried, but being honest they do not harrass or talk to you so don't worry, also after a little while it we were not at all bothered by it! BAD point - Ignore breakfast on the 4th floor! Tiny room and expect to que, though hell your in NYC go elsewhere and enjoy the delights of breakfast. EXTREMELY BAD POINT - The night we checked out the hotel - feeling happy enough with the Plaza, we entered JFK Airport and were ready to board our plane when my partner complained of bites on her arm, hey I'm telling you these were big bites, we thought nothing of it until flying home to Newcastle via Amsterdam, when I started itching on my back and legs, once at Schippal Airport I went to the Gents to find I had god knows how many bites on my back, pretty horrible. My Partner and I are pretty healthy 33 and 27 Year olds who have never had anything like this before and unfortunalty we both knew this came from our previous two nights stay at the Plaza! How to put a damper on things - Well that's all I'm saying, it's now 2 days after our return and as I write this I must stop as my back is still itching!!!!	
Nov 15 2008 	Not The Best But Okay As A Base.	Not the best area and rooms a bit basic but was okay for a couple of nights.Hotel is in Manhattan and the area was a bit run down.Staff very friendly and rooms basic, large and clean.Only stayed two nights before flying to Bermuda.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great Hotel for the Price	The hotel as well as the staff was great. My room was comfortable as well as clean and roomy. Only 1 block from the subway. I was in NYC for a few days by myself and the fact that many reviews stated the neighborhood was much to be desired at night helped me to make sure I was in my hotel early on the first night. But it was not bad. The wholesale district closed up about 8pm and it was quiet in the area but I did not feel threatened at all. For the price, location and cleanliness of the hotel, I'll stay here again. Definately recommend this one!!I	
Nov 7 2008 	Excellent choice for NY City tourists	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza in 04 as part of our honeymoon and recently returned for 6 nights when we ran the marathon Nov 08. This hotel is perfect if you want to be in the heart of Manhattan. It's midtown, close to lots of attractions and the subway is the next block along. The facade is quite small and unassuming, even the looby/reception is small but the staff are exactly as you would want them to be; polite, friendly and helpful. Our room was on the 10th floor, very spacious, huge bed and large bathroom with a bath and shower. It was quiet in the hotel, never saw any children whilst there and the complimentary continental breakfast is adequate (bagels with cream cheese &amp; jam, danish patries, muffins, fresh fruit, juice and tea &amp; coffee) The coffee &amp; tea was available 24 hrs. Definitely recommend this hotel, it is everything you'd want in a visit to the city.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great Hotel! Great Price!	My friend and I met in NYC for business, but also for fun. We were two ladies on our own, and had never been to NYC, so safety was of a concern. We arrived at night. Check-in was very quick and convenient, and we were really pleased with the room. Very spacious, up-to-date and clean, and we had a great view of the Empire State Building. Because it was already getting late, and the area was pretty dark, we decided to stay in and order room service, which is delivered from a nearby restaurant. The food arrived quickly, was very good and a reasonable price. We could hear the elevator in our room, but the sound wasn't bothersome, and didn't interrupt my sleep. One thing I will make note of -- the pillows are very narrow and almost round, nearly like bolsters. I thought they'd be uncomfortable, but I slept great every night. The doormen were perfect gentlemen, and always helpful. If you need a cab, they'll get one for you. If you order room service, they bring it up. I've read some complaints about the breakfast room, but we were very pleased with everything there. (Great bagels!) Just plan to take your food/coffee/tea back to your room due to space limitations. We walked everywhere -- the location of the hotel was very convenient to shopping, restaurants, shows, banks and parks. As everyone else has said, there are a lot of guys standing around on the sidewalks just outside, but we didn't have any problems with them. They are all gone at night. We walked back to the hotel late at night, and felt safe. I would stay at the Broadway Plaza again in a flash.	
Oct 10 2008 	Great stay	I have just returned from a weeks stay with my cousin and her friend and having read the reviews i didnt know what to expect.In my opinion the hotel was lovely and i felt quite safe in the area. We had a room with a great view of the ESB.The staff were lovely especially the young doorman tony who helped with any requests that we had no matter how unusual.The rooms were cleaned everyday and were comfortable.Iwould recommend this hotel	
Oct 3 2008 	Very large comfortable room	The rooms are the reason to stay here. My room was very large - much larger than expected - and had a big TV, a big desk, and its own air con that was fairly quiet. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was large with a hot, high pressure shower. Top marks for giving me what I asked for, i.e. a room on a top floor with a view (unimpeded) of the Empire State Building. Go for a top floor room if you're a light sleeper - there's very little noise. The staff are professional and efficient. The service is not personal, but then you wouldn't expect that in this kind of hotel. The area is not pretty or pleasant - you wouldn't go for a nice after dinner stroll here - but you're only a minute from the metro so it doesn't matter at all. And it's perfectly safe - the reason it feels a bit dodgy is because most of the shops seem to be selling cheap clothes and second hand watches or offering to unlock SIM cards. (If you're from London, think Tottenham Court Road - a bit of a dump, but basically safe). The big slap on the wrist for this hotel is the breakfast. The &quot;breakfast room&quot; was tiny - half the size of the bedroom and not nearly adequate for a hotel of this size. It has no natural light and is dimly lit and basically felt horrible and dingy. There was no air conditioning so it was stiflingly hot. The muffins and doughnuts were actually melting - they looked disgusting. Needless to say, I didn't eat anything.I made this complaint to the hotel management in response to an email asking for feedback. To his credit, the manager left a message on my voicemail with an apology. I think he sounded very sincere. He said the breakfast room as it is now is a large step up from what it used to be and that it's all the hotel can accommodate for now. He also said it should be air conditioned - so maybe it was just broken when I went. However, I don't think he should have made the point that the breakfast is complimentary. Most hotel breakfasts are, but that's not an excuse for them being bad to the point where I don't want to eat them or even stay in the room a second longer. As for the room size, he said trays are provided in each room so guests can bring breakfast back to their rooms - that's fair enough, I suppose.Breakfast aside, though, this is a very good hotel to use as a sightseeing base. And, I suppose, who cares about the hotel's breakfast when there are so many eating options on the streets of New York....? It just seemed like a quality let-down, that was all.	
Sep 12 2008 	Little Gem!!!	We had read the reviews before we went and so knew what to expect. The area isn't the best (it's amazing how it changes in a couple of blocks!) but as others have said, no-one will bother you (and we were two lone females). Subway (also non-threatening) is only a block away and Times Sq is an easy walk. View of Empire State Building from bedroom (windows could do with a clean though!)The room wasn't huge but the bathroom was! Shower over the bath was great with lots of hot water. Loads of towels. Beds - as someone has said - really comfortable with crisp clean sheets. Aircon was good. TV with enough free channels! Safe and iron / ironing board. Breakfast room is a bit crowded in the morning and so we went out most of the time - but really a bagel in Grand Central Station is a must anyway! We were lucky to be on the 4th floor so could pop along to get a coffee / tea at any time - but a kettle in the room would have been more convenient.Staff (particularly one of the concierges whose name I unfortunately didn't get) were all friendly and helpful. We left our luggage on the last morning (it was taken and locked away safely, not just left lying around reception) and came back to get the shuttle to the airport - remember to ask for the key to the restroom(s) on the 3rd floor!We would definitely go back! Great value for money.	
Sep 3 2008 	Would Definately Go Back	It’s taken me ages to write this review because my boyfriend and I actually stayed at the Broadway Plaza last year at the End of April beginning of May (2007). We initially stayed here for 7 nights then travelled up to Boston and New Hampshire before coming back to New York for 2 more nights. As we were staying for quite a few nights in New York I was finding some of the other chain hotels to be crazy expensive. After hours trawling through the internet, looking for something half decent but wouldn’t break the bank I found the Broadway Plaza. If I remember right we were about $1500 for the 7nights, booking through the hotel direct – at the time that was about £750 – let me remind you that was for 7 nights in a hotel only a few blocks from the empire state building and Macys, we’d have been more than double that for on of the hotels on times square. I’ve noticed a few of the other reviews mention about the street sellers and I have to admit when the taxi first pulled up it didn’t look like the hotel was in the best area on Broadway. Having said that my boyfriend and I didn’t have any bother from the vendors and they are only there during in the day, by night they are all gone.On both stays the rooms were very generously sized – for the 7 nights we had a room with two double beds. Hotel was clean, staff were great, breakfast was nothing to shout home about but you’re in New York so go explore one of their million diners.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great staff	I lived down the street from this hotel a couple years ago, so I was prepared for the trash and hustle of the wholesale district. Yes, this isn't the nicest area of NYC, but you will not get harmed. On the weekend, all the shops are boarded up and there's not as many people around.For the hotel itself, the staff was great. We had a problem with our theatre tickets, and although they couldn't help, the concierge tried. They were always willing to hail us a cab. They held our bags for us both before we checked in and after we checked out. They were great.The room was really small, but had a fantastic view of the empire state building and Broadway. I only stayed one night and was barely in the room, so I didn't mind. The bathroom was a good size, although the shower was a stall and no bath. I don't take baths in hotel rooms, so no problem. The hotel offers a free continental breakfast, which I didn't take advantage of, and free coffee and tea 24/7, which is really nice for a NY hotel. And the rates were comperable or better than other places in the city.If I needed to stay in this area ago, i would absolutely stay in this hotel. I'll probably stay elsewhere next time only for the convience of being near Penn Station or Times Square.	
Jul 15 2008 	Best Little Hotel......	We just got back from spending 3 nights at the Plaza...After reading some of the reviews on here we were a little worried, but found out there was nothing to worry about....The hotel was wonderful, our room was very large. There was 4 of us in there and we didnt feel crowded at all. I have payed even more for a room somewhere else and never have had a room that large. The bathroom was huge. The doorman and the concriege Anthony were awesome, as were the people at the front desk. Our first day there we wanted to go to Mars 2112, and we could not find it in the phone book, Anthony told us not to worry he would take care of it, and he sure did, he left us a little note taped to our luggae. The manager was great too.. He gave us great ideas on where to go and where to find a good hotdog. The hotel is very centrally located to everything you need to see. Other reviews complain about the location, we as four women never felt unsafe at all. Yes people did approach to ask if we wanted to buy something, but all we had to say was no thank you and they left us alone. I cant say enough good things about this hotel and their staff i could write forever. To end this i can definatley say if I was to come to New York again the Broadway Plaza is where I will stay.........	
Jun 26 2008 	Super Hotel	We stayed here January 2008 this hotel is excellent though bad breakfast and very little eating space.It is situated in the wholesale area which means there is a lot of streetsellers in the morning and the evening, but they do no harm. Some of wholesales nearby you can buy cheap stuff from.The Room are nice with a toilet and bathtub in every room. Icemachine on 7th as I remember.--Rasmus	
Jun 22 2008 	Loved the Broadway	Just returned from NYC and a 4 night stay @ Broadway Plaza and it was terrific!! Better than expected. We booked our reservations via Travelocity and then read reviews on the TripAdvisor; so we had mixed feelings, but were expecting the best. Anyone with reservations about whether or not they should stay at this hotel; put them aside, you will not be disappointed. Myself and 3 friends were very pleased with the room size and arrangement. The room was very spacious and beds had pillow-top mattresses that slept like a dream. Most hotels in NYC will not allow 4 adults in the same room without additional charges, but the Broadway did not charge anything extra for the 3rd &amp; 4th persons in the room. The bathroom was very nice and very large. We didn't have a view like some folks have, but we were planning to see everything on our own and not from the hotel window anyway!! The hotel staff was great in helping us with directions, suggestions, and any requests that we had. The hotel was very clean and especially quiet. If I had to change one thing about the hotel, it would be it's physical location. It was actually in a central location near the subway, but the 'garment district' is not the cleanest area of town to be in. We felt it was a small sacrifice for all the other wonderful amenities we received and I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Jun 20 2008 	A great value hotel: we liked it so much we went back!	We visited in May 2008 and February 2007, both times we had a thoroughly enjoyable trip, made better by the friendly staff at our hotel.The Broadway Plaza is located conveniently on 27th Street an Broadway. It is an ideal location: Herald Square (including Macy's and the Empire State Building are just 6 or 7 blocks away ~ roughly a 10 minute walk), there are subway stations within a couple of blocks, and buses to both downtown and mistown are wirhin easy reach. Some people have mentioned the area it which the hotel is situated is not particularly great, but as three young(ish!) girls, we did not encounter any problems on either of our trips, even late at night.The hotel itself is clean, tidy and confortable. It is not the most luxurious hotel I have ever stayed in but, to be honest, if you're in NY you will not want to be in your hotel room for very long! Nevertheless, it is nicely decorated and perfectly adequate for a shopping or sightseeing trip. The bathroom is also spotless and room service good. The only slight complaint I would have is that the TV only had a couple of channels which were properly tuned in... but, as I said before, you will not have time for much watching TV in NY!!The view is fantastic of you manage to get one of the rooms facing the Empire State building (we actually requested this when booking online). The rooms on higher floors have the best view but these are the smaller rooms. The first time we went we were upgraded to a Junior Suite - this was HUGE and had a seating area, etc. The second time we had a superior room , which was very nice, just smaller, but as I said, the view was better.The breakfast is good, a range of bagels, cereals, donuts etc but we most;y went out for breakfast... try Greenwich Village for a lovely al fresco meal!! This is only about 25 minute walk from the hotel.With regards to eating out, good restaurants are fairly sparse in the immediate area but you will probably want to explore a bit any way... my personal favourites are Little Italy, South Street Seaport and the Boathouse in Central Park. However, we did find a couple of lovely restaurants nearby: Blue Smoke (on 27th near Lexington, this does barbecue type food and has a jazz bar downstairs... great atmosphere) and Ilili (on 5th between 27th and 28th Street, this is the best Lebanese restaurant I have visited!)I would not think twice about where to stay in my next visit to NYC. The staff are great and will do all they can to make your visit a pleasant one. They are happy to hail cabs, book transfers to the airport... they even arranged for my boyfriend to send us a bottle of champagne when we were there for Valentine's Day!!	
Jun 19 2008 	Shady area	I read reviews and they were mixed, but I didn't think this place would be this bad. Area NOT safe....Rooms smelly ...I do not recommend.I am a single prof. female and I felt very unsafe here.	
Jun 6 2008 	Reasonably priced hotel	A very nice hotel situated on Broadway, the room was quite nice and very spacious for New York standards, however it maybe could do with a bit of refurbishment. The only negative part of the hotel is the ridiculous breakfast routine - there is one tiny room for the whole of the hotel and about 2 (four seater) tables, which is ridiculous for a hotel this size - and we dreaded getting up in the morning to have to trek down to the breakfast room - but eventually we got used to it and made a bit of a laugh and a joke about it.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful - especially the concierge who will tell you how to get to places in new york via the subway or will call a private cab for you.The hotel is situated in the wholesale district of new york - where there are many cheap shops and the area is fine in the day - but at night everywhere is closed - there are very little restaurants and bars in the proximity and it is very lonely at night - but more nightlife is not a long way away if you know where to go.Overall however - our stay was very enjoyable and we would reccomend the hotel to anyone looking for a reasonable priced hotel in Manhattan.	
Jun 1 2008	Worst Hotel ever.	This hotel was one of the worst I have ever stayed in. The room we got was supposed to be non smoking but when we walked in the room smelt of old cigarettes. The floor had stains on it the air conditioner didn't work, We asked for 2 beds they only gave us 1. When we first arrived we pulled in front of the building walked inside and the person handling the everything up front asked us where we parked and we said out front the guy looked outside and said &quot;No you aren't&quot; My sister told him to go outside and look and she said &quot;There it is, hows that not our front&quot; He didnt say anything, He gave us a piece of paper and said &quot;park your car in this garage&quot; My sister said that she called the Hotel and they said they would take the car to the garage free of charge. That was a lie. So we took the car to the garage and WALKED back to the hotel. The people at the desk were rude and not caring. We tried to go to a different hotel but it was too late. We were stuck there. It felt like you stepped into the Ghetto, People taking things out of trash cans, people half dressed standing next to the hotel, People smoking pot and dealing. The next morning we left the hotel to do shopping and there was throw up next to the door. The door holder said some woman had to much to drink and threw up on the street. THEY DIDN'T CLEAN IT UP. The food that was put out was all hard, the orange juice was warm and they didn't have that much. Just one pitcher. Once it was gone it wasn't filled back up. A very big disappointment. I wouldn't even give this Hotel 1 star.	
May 28 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	We stayed in the Broadway Plaza Hotel for a girly shopping trip from 18th to 22nd may 2008. There were 3 of us in a room with two large beds, the room was huge and had a safe which was great. The beds are so comfortable, i wanted to take mine home!!! The room was very clean and tended to every day and staff were really friendly.On first impressions we were'nt overly impressed with the area, having read the reviews though we were'nt surprised. When you come out of the hotel there are a few people hanging around trying to sell fake handbags and perfumes, shops in the immediate area are a bit cheap and tacky too. We were'nt spending time around here so it didnt really bother us all that much. The breakfast was ok, reminded me of being in a hostel but there was good coffee and nice bagels and fruit so we just grabbed and went. Overall i would say stay here if you want a good base to be in the centre of things but dont expect anything fancy, I'd stayed in the pennsylvania before and it's about the same standard as that.	
May 28 2008 	Excellent Location with friendly staff	We booked a 6 night trip choosing this hotel from the reviews on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed.Whilst the hotel is nothing special to look at it is an average clean 3 star hotel.The complimentary continental breakfast each morning is a bonus. Tea and coffee is available 24 hours in the breakfast room which is on the small side.The advantage of this hotel is it's location and the fantastic staff they employ who could not have been more helpful or accommodating. Location wise the hotel is a short walk from the Empire State Building, Macey's, the Flatiron building and sight seeing bus pick up point.The rooms are well maintained and cleaned well each day. The beds are also very soft after a long day sight seeing.Overall a great stay.	
May 13 2008 	Loved the Broadway Plaza!	We chose the Broadway Plaza after carefully reading the reviews of many New York Hotels, and were pleasantly surprised.The hotel has been remodeled recently enough to look fresh and clean, but did not have the new carpet and paint smell, important to me because I have allergies and chemical sensitivities. There was no perfumed smell in the room, and it really was a non-smoking room that had not been smoked in. The amenities were too highly perfumed for me to use, but I always travel with my own.The free continental breakfast was a nice surprise--good coffee, large bagels and pastries, and fruit. Some of the reviews had reservation about the neighborhood, but I didn't feel worried about it. During the day I was comfortable walking around alone, and at night, I took a cab. Fifth and 6th avenues are a block in either direction, and are very clean, safe streets. The hotel is in the garment district, but that's a plus for me, because I was buying beads. I found about 10 stores within as many blocks.The room was spacious--larger than any room I've had in New York City, even in more expensive hotels. I'll definitely made this my New York City home in the future.	
May 6 2008 	A hidden Gem Of A Place	Having read some of the reviews of this hotel we arrived with some uncertainty about the hotel. The immediate area is, admittedly, not the best to be found in New York. But it proved to be fine; some somewhat tacky shops and occasional street traders, but neverthelessa an interesting area and felt totally safe. Our interactions with the local street inhabitants were all very friendly and extremely courteous. It also felt very safe at night.The hotel itself has a very narrow entrance with the reception desk some way down a corridor. The receptionists, concierge and doormen were all very obliging and helpful. The public areas and our rooms were exceedingly clean, tidy and well decorated. The bedrooms were also of a very good size, much bigger than we have had on previous visits to NY. We had asked for views of the Empire State Building and were given two adjoining rooms on the 11th floor, both with a view of the ESB.We didn't use the breakfast facilities but did use the 24hr coffee services to take back to our rooms. There are lot as of delis and other places to eat in the area.We really enjoyed our stay at the hotel, and will certantly use it again when we are next back in New York	
Apr 27 2008 	Great Hotel	We've just got back from a one week stay at the Broadway Plaza and we loved it! The location is perfect for anyone visiting New York, its pretty central, you're about a two minute walk from the flatiron building and five minutes from the Empire State Building which you could see from our room.The main complaint made by other people about this hotel seems to be the area and we left feeling a little nervous about it. It's true it's not in the greatest of areas but its no different from lots of other streets in Manhatten unless you're paying to stay in a top of the range hotel. There are some 'cheap' shops and some street sellers around the hotel but neither of these things bothered us at all. We walked back to the hotel quite happily at night, its quiet but we felt perfectly safe.The breakfast room is fairly small but the free breakfast is great before you start the day. There was fresh pastries, bagels and fruit every morning and tea and coffee all day and night. Most people seemed to just grab something in a morning and took it back to their room and this worked fine.There are also vending machines on the 7th floor for other drinks and snacks. There's also an ice machine there too.The rooms are great too, fairly large and the beds are really comfortable. The rooms were cleaned daily and all the cleaning staff were helpful and friendly.All the staff at the hotel were lovely. The concierge and doormen are there 24 hours and are really friendly and can book lots of trips for you. They can also arrange a car service back to the airport for you which is really helpful. It was $60 to JFK (not including toll and tax) in a black lincoln which isn't a great deal more than a yellow taxi but is a whole lot more comfortable and less hair raising!Overall we had an amazing time in New York and the Broadway Plaza made an ideal base. We wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to people.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great Hotel	Hotel was really clean and everyone at the hotel was really friendly. Hotel location could put some people off as there are a lot of cheap shops around and people hanging around outside them during the day. I took a previous travellers advice and cut over to 5th Avenue when heading uptown or downtown. The breakfast wasn't up to much so we usually had it elsewhere. There's a great cafe called Naturally Tasty on 27th and 5th Avenue that we used for breakfast a lot. Had a great view of the Empire State Building from our room. Would definitely use this hotel again.	
Apr 15 2008 	Turmoil at the Broadway Plaza	One of the worst stays at any hotel, EVER. Upon arriving at our room, found it to be tiny, cramped, and carpet was dirty. So dirty, in fact, that I stepped on a needle. Needless to say, stress ensued. I called the front desk to inform them of this, and all they offered was a bottle of hydrogen peroxide and some bandaids. Front doorman brings up it, and says I should bring it back down after I'm done with it. Didn't offer any consolations of any sort, didn't offer to log it in the security books, ...nothing! Tetanus shot to follow, not excluding stressing about the possibility of contracting anything else. After calming down from all this, tried to get some shut eye. It might have been the elevator, but alllllll throughout the night there was a constant, LOUD noise that sounded like the elevator motor running and stopping and clanging, running and stopping and clanging. Didn't get a wink of sleep.DO NOT STAY HERE. If you do, wear your shoes inside the rooms and bring earplugs!	
Mar 31 2008 	Great hotel	Great Hotel in all. Area looked a little seedy but really it was totally fine, looks can be deceiptive. Staff extremly freindly and very helpful. Breakfast included , well really coffee and pastry but nice to start the day. Rooms great size and very clean. Maids did a wonderful job everyday of replacing towels, there were 4 in our room, and always a bath towel and hand towel each.Some rooms had view of Empire State but unfortunately ours didnt.Make sure you visit Ellen's Stardust Diner on Broadway and 51st!	
Mar 16 2008	Decent Room - But you have to be careful	Rooms are clean, small and oddly shaped. You will get stuck next to an elevator shaft if you do not tell then you want quiet. The elevator doors are very close to and face one room per floor. You do not want to be that person! Ding!I think room service is non-existent. The hotel is centrally located but its immediate area is a bit low-end.It is good value but go in pre-warned and push at the front desk!	
Mar 12 2008 	Had a great stay!	I had some fears about staying here, due to some of the poor reviews this hotel had on here but I was actually pleasantly surprised! I think some of the reviewers have never actually stayed in a hotel in NYC, because in comparison to other hotels in NYC, this room was fairly spacious, the breakfast was great (as was having coffee and tea available 24 hours), and the location was very convenient. The subway is only a block from the hotel and it was very easy to get around town. The &quot;locals&quot; who hung around outside were harmless-never approached us...and were only there during the day. The beds were VERY comfortable here, lots of extra pillows and the staff was extremely helpful without being overbearing. Yes, the breakfast area is small, but we were able to sit down at a table every morning. My only complaint had nothing to do with the hotel but with the VERY loud people who stayed in the room across the hall from us the first 2 nights and slammed the door 5 times around 2 am. When I go back to NYC, I'd stay here again! No it's not a ritzy hotel but I'd rather spend money on Broadway tickets than a stay in an overpriced hotel that doesn't offer breakfast.	
Mar 6 2008 	Basic central slightly dodgy area	I stayed in the Broadway Plaza for 3 nights from 2 February 2008. I can honestly say that as we neared the hotel in our taxi, having come from Newark Airport via the Holland Tunnel (I think), the area did not give a good impression at all. The hotel is actually above some shady tat shops and a very grotty pizza restaurant, surrounded by intimidating &quot;hoodie&quot; or &quot;homeboy&quot; type gangs which is sad because this is an okay hotel.We were greeted courteously and shown to our rooms, which were reasonably clean and comfortable. There were a few suspect stains on the carpet and iron burns. The bed was comfortable and the linen was clean. The bathroom was rather dated with a 1970's pvc type cubicle within the bath instead of tiling. Again it was clean and the towels fresh. Another reviewer has mentioned the 1970's polystyrene type tiles on the ceiling and neon strip lighting, this is a bit of a naff element and simply changing this would probably brighten and modernise the room. The view was okay, better than some New York hotels as you can see the Empire State from the front (and probably the side) of the building. The room size is also above average I would say and all in all this hotel is...just okay really. I have no complaints about the staff, they were all reasonably pleasant. The breakfast facilities weren't great as the room is rather small and you have to wait ages for the elevator, balancing your breakfast while you wait. There is a microwave and coffee, tea and orange juice available 24 hours.The location is great, it's central and close to the subway station, if you cross the road straight ahead from the hotel and walk down 27th street you will get on to 5th ave, another member's advice was to cross here to walk up town rather than walking up Broadway as the unsavoury characters do congregate along this stretch of road. A Metro card is well worth your while (I can't remember how much it was but well worth the $ whatever it was). All in all I enjoyed my stay in the Broadway Plaza as the location is great, breakfast is included and the rooms okay but the actual locality is not the best and a real turn off for me. It's not the worst but not the best either, if you don't mind hangin' out in da hood then you'll be fine!	
Feb 18 2008 	O.K but....	Hi all..We stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 3 nights having booked direct with the hotel. I can't compare it with anything else in New York as I've never stayed there before but I'll tell you what I think.The hotel is situated on the corner of Broadway and west 27th street so its actually only about a ten minute walk from Penn. station if you're coming in from Newark on the train as we did. The streets around the hotel are not the smartest as this hotel is in the garment district but we had absolutely no problems. If you're at all nervous then our tip would be to walk a block across to Fith Avenue instead of walking up Broadway, its nicer, This section of Broadway has a few groups of hooded locals hanging around during the day but its fine at night and as I said they were no problem at all but I can imagine some people would be a bit nervous.The hotel itself is fine, I paid about £130 a night for a double with breakfast included. I think this is maybe a fair price for New York. Our room was on the 10th floor with a great view of E.S.B. The air con. system in our room made a loud whining noise a couple of times even though we weren't using it. Pretty poor really when you're tired and it starts at 4 a.m. I called down to reception and they told me it happens a lot and to turn the air con on and off so they obviously know there's a problem.. The room itself was clean and comfortable and the bathroom etc was fine so no problems at all other than the aircon and the staff were friendly and helpful.Breakfast is machine coffee and orange juice and a selection of pastries and muffins which is ok for a quick start to the day but for anything more cross the street to the &quot;Naturally tasty&quot; diner which has more traditional eggs and stuff.. There's no restaurant and the breakfast room is about 4 little tables so don't expect lavish surroundings. There is a room service menu with reasonably priced food being delivered from a local cafe/ restaurant but we didn't use it so can't comment. We didn't use the T.V really so don't know about channels etc but there were pay per view channels etc. It was $9.95 a day for wireless broadband in your room if you have a laptop. About a block or 2 over there is internet access in cafe 28 if you need to check in on line etc for your return trip. The hotel is just round the corner from the Flat Iron building and 28th street subway is just round the corner. There's a good restaurant called Bluesmoke about 5 minutes away and 34th street for Macys etc and E.S.B are an easy walk. Feel free to get in touch if you have any questions..	
Jan 25 2008 	Room with a View	We were a party of 6 staying for 3 nights. We had 2 rooms, 8th and 12th floor. We both had wonderful views of the Empire State. The staff were extremely helpful and the breakfast room more than adequate. Being a small hotel the coffee/tea on the 4th floor 24/7 was most useful.We arrived in the dark and we were concerned with our immediate impressions of the Hotel. Not a very large entrance hall but once inside it was very pleasant.We found it to be quite central to the things that we wanted to do. We used the subway everyday - purchased the $7 ticket per day - and made endless trips. The subway is a stones throw away from the hotel.The rooms were quite spacious, the beds very comfortable, ample pillows - something I usually have to ask for. The bathroom was certainly big enough, with plenty of towels. Great having a room safe, I always like that.By day you could feel a little wary as there are many 'cheap' stores in the vicinity. Lots of youths standing around also trying to sell a variety of items, handbags, trainers etc. But we just ignored them and made our way to the subway and never felt unsafe on that.	
Jan 19 2008 	great view	i have just returned home after spending six nights at the broadway plaza nyc and would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone thinking of visiting this great city.the hotel is clean the staff extremely helpful and the views of the empire state building are superb.there is also a decent complimentary breakfast which is a rarity in this city.i will certainly stay here again on my next trip.this hotel is a bargain for new york.	
Jan 16 2008 	Ughh.	I recognize that the Broadway Plaza is a budget hotel--is $170 to $240 per night budget?--but you can get much better accommodations for the same price at the Pod Hotel and others in mid- and uptown.We stayed for four nights in two different rooms. In the second one, a junior suite, a switch outlet was coming out of the wall, the couch was so filthy that I wouldn't sit on it (dirt, dog hairs), and generally shabby conditions. Both rooms have added a unique (to me) innovation: office-style overhead fluorescent lighting. What a concept. There were, to be fair, desk lamps but there should have been better overheads. I agree with the another reviewer that the food and coffee were pretty bad.Oh, and they debit your credit card $100 in case of damages, which they promise to return in 5 to 7 business days, another grand innovation.We also had a problem with the management. My wife was traveling on business and the room was paid for the first two days. She had called two days before we arrived to add more time and was given the only room available, the junior suite. But, when we saw the first room, we decided to cancel the second two nights. The manager refused, saying that we were canceling three hours too late (45 hours instead of 48). He argued (!) with us about the quality of the rooms, as if our opinions as paying customers didn't count. Finally Scott agreed to try to &quot;sell&quot; the room if he could get another sucker. He almost certainly lied when he said he had just turned away a regular customer who wanted our junior suite. And he said that there was a &quot;99% chance&quot; that he would sell the room, since it was becoming available on a Friday and the hotel being so popular and all. Of course, it didn't sell, no surprise there.I would have given the place two stars, but the manager's attitude and the $100 deposit dropped it to one star. Stay away from this place.&quot;	
Dec 28 2007	USD$400+ for nothing!	After a schedule change we cancelled our booking at the Broadway plaza hotel within the 2 day limit. Unfortunately the website we used was based in Europe and the Timezone worked against us (a big watch out for travellers). So Broadway Plaza walked away with over $400USD of our money... for nothing They refused to provide a refund, they refused to negotiate or even refund part of the amount. With a &quot;...we see the problem but too bad&quot; The hotel blamed the web provider and vica versa.....and guess who lost....the consumer! Rude, off hand and almost aggressive in their responses - we were left with a very bad taste in our mouths and were glad in the end we didn't stay there because who knows what the service would have been like face to face. All we can do is warn other travellers so the same thing doesn't happen to you!	
Dec 27 2007	Great Option for NYC	We were looking for a &quot;not too expensive&quot; option for a three-girl trip to NYC in October, 2007 and the Broadway Plaza fit the bill! It was not in a fancy part of the city, but VERY accessible by subway and taxi to all the big attractions. While the street scene was very plain, once we walked inside we found a clean, well-run hotel with large rooms, comfortable beds, and friendly service. Don't count on a great continental breakfast though --- it is rather meager at best. But you can't beat the price and convenience. I'll definitely book there again!	
Dec 19 2007 	Nothing Outstanding But More than Adequate	I chose this hotel based on its proximity to my meeting at 21st St. and Broadway. The outside doesn't look too impressive and the lobby doesn't do that much to change one's initial impression, but I found the room to be clean, the desk staff, housekeeping staff, and doormen to be very helpful and efficient, the continental breakfast of bagels, donuts, pastries, apples, oranges, juice, coffee, etc., to be adequate for my needs, and the bed reasonably comfortable. Unlike the pictures on the website, my room had a marble tile floor rather than carpet. The room reminded me of Comfort Inn-type rooms. Nothing over the top, but nothing to find fault with. For $179 a night (booked on the hotel website), I'd stay here again, but the next time I'm in NYC, if any hotel in the Affinia chain (affinia.com) is available for not much more than this one, and is in as convenient a location for my needs, I would choose the Affinia hotel over this one in a heartbeat.	
Dec 17 2007 	Not what we expected...	I visit NYC on a regular basis so I am used to the small rooms and overly priced hotels but this was just ridiculous. We paid an arm and a leg for this room so we were at least expecting something semi- decent. First thing, the lobby was tiny and the staff was money hungry for tips. We carried our two bags in and they had a problem with that. Next we get up to the room (non smoking) and there was a stench of smoke in the halls. A huge red stain was on the carpet and other dirty spots all over. The bathroom was tiny and the water pressure was weak. The ONLY positive about this room was the free internet. The hotel is 9.95 per day but we just worked off an unsecured wireless network in the area. Overall: thumbs down.Do your research and find something better. I have stayed in MUCH nicer hotels for a much lower price.	
Dec 17 2007 	Great value	Stayed at the Broadway Plaza in October 2007 . Read reviews about hotel location so was a little worried but there was no need to be , sure it is in a retail area but we were never bothered and never felt unsafe . It was only a ten minute walk to the Empire State Building and 25 minutes to Times Square . The rooms were large and spotlessly clean as was the rest of the hotel . The free tea and coffee was a bonus as were the GIANT pastries for breakfast which were also complimentary . The reception and concierge were very helpful and friendly unlike most New Yorkers . We paid £650 GB Pounds for four nights which was half the price of bigger chain hotels which have smaller rooms and no breakfast . When we return to New York we would definately stay at the Broadway Plaza .	
Oct 11 2007 	Disappointed	I booked this hotel in March after reading reviews on another network - but I was extremely disappointed. We booked mainly for the inclusive breakfast and the high standard of cleanliness. However on both points we were very disappointed.The room - despite having paid extra for a 'superior' was very small and very dark, needing the light on even first thing in the morning; and although we had a great view of the Empire State Building there were no chairs or tables to sit at if we brought our breakfast back - which we had to do as the breakfast room was always full and extremely hot! On the subject of breakfast - forget the hotel and walk across town rather than uptown, where there are some superb and very cheap cafes - forget the one next door to the hotel - it was FILTHY.We stayed for 4 nights in this hotel and on check out could write our names in the dust on thr bedside table. Also, toothpaste spilt on the sink on the first night of our stay was still there when we checked out. (We deliberately didn't clean it up just to check how long it remained there.) On the first day we reported that the bath plug didn't work, it took 2 days before it was fixed.Another gripe - considering we arrived in the middle of a heatwave - each evening when we returned from dinner, someone had been into the room and turned the air conditioning off. Not a major point - but very annoying. (Especially as that person had used the loo whilst in the room.)Good points were definitely the door staff - Anthony and Angel were great. I've been to NYC before, but they gave loads of advice where to go and how to get there. Recommend using the subway with a Metro card (if you go the wrong way - it costs nothing to go the right way.) Also, try Houston's Restaurant (27th and 5th Ave) 3 blocks walk from the hotel - AMAZING!	
Sep 27 2007 	a home away from home	just had a wonderful week in new york with three friends and would go back to the broadway plaza hotel in a heartbeat. originally I read all the reviews on trip advisor and then confirmed with a travel agent that the hotel looked nice and seemed like a good choice from an economical point of view. it is situated in the wholesale part of town but even walking home in the evening we felt very safe. we walked home from times square several nights and it was fine.there is also some good bargains to be found in the area. the staff are so friendly and our room was a huge junior suit giving the four of us space. we had two queen beds and a pull out couch. with the couch was a sitting area and a fridge. then by the other end of the room was a small sitting area with a table and two chairs by the window- bonus was the view of the empire state building. the room was great and Richard the concierge was so helpful not only in recommending tours and restaurants but also in hailing down taxis and giving us directions for anywhere we wanted to go. great place which I look forward to retuning to. Sherwood Park Alberta Canada	
Sep 22 2007 	great place and excellent location	I have jus arrived home from New York and a four night sat at the Braodway Plaza hotel. The hotel is in a great location, one block from Fifth Avenue and a ten minute walk to all the shops, Times Square and the Empire State Building. When we arrived the hotel staff were very friendly and could not have been more helpful and welcoming throughout our stay. The rooms were very clean and spacious, 4 of us shared a two bed superior room and it never felt cramped. The bathroom was a decent size too with fresh towels and maid service daily. The hotel provide continental breakfast which was nice but fairly basic! the bagels and doughnuts were very nice, there was also fresh fruit and tea and coffee. My three friends and I really loved new york and our stay at the Broadway Plaza, i would definitely stay there again on my next visit to New York and would recommend it to anyone for location, cleanliness of room and the pleasant and friendly staff.	
Sep 1 2007 	Great Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for a 1 week and all we could say is to recommend this place. All the staff of the Broadway Plaza Hotel are very kind and helpful and the hotel offers a good quality of services. You can ask them anything you want they will help you as best as they can. The rooms were lovely, calm and comfortable with a fantastic view on the Empire State Building. Rooms are equipped with air conditionning, huge TV ,very comfortable beds and bathroom comes with a tube &amp; hair dryer, as well as an iron table. The hotel is in a great location within walking distance from the main attractions (Times Square, Empire State Building, Madison Sq., Greenwich village...). The subway is located near the hotel or you can easily catch a taxi. This hotel is a very good value for money. We had a fantastic time and would recommend this hotel to anyone who wish to visit NY.	
Aug 22 2007 	We will be back !!!!	We just returned from staying at the Broadway Plaza hotel. Don't be fooled by it's small enterance and reception area. The flat iron area is not seedy as stated on some websites, we were returning to our room around midnight both nights and had no problems at all. Felt safe at all times. The rooms are spotless, very roomy and beautiful. We were on the 10th floor and had a amazing view of the Empire State building. Beds were comfy and the bathroom was very large. The free breakfast was great. Yummy bagels, donuts and pastries. 24 hour coffee service is a plus. Staff was very friendly and helpfull. We will not hesitate to book our stay there again.	
Aug 16 2007 	Great bargain rate hotel!	Broadway Plaza Hotel is a very nice and clean hotel targeted to value-conscious travelers - I highly recommend it! The rooms are spacious and comfortable but the neighborhhod is a bit dodgy. Don't worry about the location - it is very convenient and you will not be bothered by the local street vendors. For the $$$, this hotel cannot be beat. I will definitely return to this hotel in the future.	
Aug 15 2007 	100% Recommended	Excellent hotel located at the heart of NYC. Staff were very friendly! Rooms very cleans! Facilities were the same! Recommended for every kind of people/traveler!	
Aug 14 2007 	Very nice hotel in NY	Just returned yesterday from a 4 day stay at the Broadway Plaza. We stayed in the large 2 bedroom suite. The room and bathroom was very spacious and very clean. There was more then enough room for the 4 adults and 1 child staying in the room. The continental breakfast was very good, the hotel lobby and personnel were exceptional. The hotel is located in the warehouse district were during the day there are a lot of seedy people hanging around. By 6 pm they are all gone. We felt a little uncomfortable a few time with the locals that hung around the area during the day, but not enough to discourage us to not stay there again. The location is central between lower Manhattan and Central Park which is where we spent most of our time. There is a good restaurant 1 1/2 blocks away called Dona which was really good as well as a really nice deli located a block away that has great take out meals. Walking to Time Square is about 1/2 hour. Our average price was $289 per night for Friday through Monday and we would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 7 2007 	Nice Hotel for the price.	While booking my hotel I used these reviews as my guide line,so i thought I should contribute. I found the reviews I read to be pretty accurate. The location of the hotel is great for getting around town. It is really close to the yellow line subway (28th &amp; Broadway), and mid town, but not the best neighborhood. The outside of the hotel is basically a narrow doorway. There were always a lot of seedy guys hanging around the outside of the hotel in the day time. What was interesting is they were usually gone in the evening. As far as the inside of the hotel, it was very clean and our room was a good size. We didn't have a great view (it was a small window with a film on it, you couldn't see through), but we had changed rooms because the first room we were given was a smaller bed and room with a great view. I called the front desk saying my reservations were for a king. They were very nice and quick to accomadate us. Staff was great. The free breakfast was just okay. It was in a very small room on the fourth floor only offering breads, Bagels or danish. I wish they had some fruit or lowerfat options. They did have someone in there keeping everything clean and stalked and it was free. Over all I was very happy with our stay for the price.	
Jul 5 2007 	Great for the price and space!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 4 nights in April on a girls trip to NYC. For the price of the hotel, it is really good. The room was spacious and very clean. Request a view of the Empire State building, it's worth it. The frontdesk was always helpful. The pizza place 2 doors down was awesome. The downsides...the entry way from the street is very small--we were so shocked to see it in person, the area was shady, mainly at night, but we usually had a taxi drop us off right at the door. A few times during the day we walked and explored, it was not far at all from the Empire State building and that area. We only had breakfast one day, not a big space, but you can take it back to your room. Overall, most people are not in their rooms that much in NYC, so as long as we have a nice, clean, and safe place to lay our heads, we are good. We would most definitely come back to the Broadway Plaza Hotel.	
Jun 22 2007 	Clean hotel spacious rooms	The only thing wrong with the hotel was the slightly seedy location - not nice to look at, but great from the point of view of getting around town. Especially handy for 5th Avenue and the Chrysler Building.The room was large and very clean. Bathroom was fine - lots of hot water, strong shower. Staff were very friendly, helpful and cheerful - even the receptionist, working on Thanksgiving! Great value - would definitely go back.	
Jun 20 2007 	Central location great staff Good sized rooms poor breakfast	This was my first visit to New York for my 40th birthday.we were greetde by the Consierge who was friendly and proved to be very very helpful during our stay.the entrance is very narrow and the hotel stretches back behind the single door entrance.Our room was comfortable and quite large. The bathroom was clean and quite spacious. The bed was really high and we almost needed a ladder to get into bed every night. But the bedding was clean and bed reasonably comfortable. When I arrived in new York I was extremely unwell and neede to urgently see a doctor. Richard the Consierge sorted everything out and was very helpful.We did try room service, which was OK (but the food in New York I didn't find to be great anywhere!), although this is not run from the hotel . but from a nearby restaurant and you can order beer!The breakfast room has4 tables and is very poor. There is limited choice of pastries and bagels which are all really bland.Location wise the hotel is really central from most of the sites. We tend to walk loads so it made sense for us. Times Square 12 blocks away, Empire State a ten minute walk, we found it excellent.As regards the previous unsavoury area comment, I think it depends what you're used to. Having travelled to both Delhi and Mumbai in the last few months, this area seemed OK: there is no rubbish on the streets, beggars constantly harrassing you or people staring at you and following you! This area is probably little different to most busy areas in a western city.We had an excellent time and would go back to this Hotel for it's Central position and excellent customer service.	
Jun 6 2007 	Good hotel	My friend and I have just returned from a weekend at New York City. The hotel is very good and we had absolutely no problems with the staff. The room we stayed ( a double twin bed ) was pretty big and clean with a/c, TV, big bathroom and all the comforts. Breakfast was good and very typical New York-ish. The only not pleasant thing I can think of, is the location. Though it is located on Broadway &amp; 27th, this area is not the best to stay in. In fact, it is one of the worst as we have been told by our tour guides. At night, they said, a lot of people go in this area with &quot;bad&quot; habits. Lucky for us the night we stayed there was pouring rain and there was nobody on the streets, having &quot;bad&quot; intentions.	
May 29 2007 	Mediocre Hotel - Horrible Location	My partner and I stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel from May 23 through May 28, 2007. We booked it as part of a joint airline/hotel package through Travelocity and did save several hundred dollars by doing so. Never again will we skimp. Next time we will pay the extra money to stay in the Time Square area. Technically, there's nothing egregiously wrong with the hotel, but it misleadingly advertises itself as a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. This couldn't be further from the truth because there's nothing boutique about it. An &quot;economy&quot; hotel would be a better description. The building itself was okay; however, when we arrived the main elevator bank was being worked on (never a good sign), and we had to wait several minutes before we could even go to our room. (There are two elevator banks - one that goes only to the 7th floor and another that goes all the way to the 13th floor). The rooms are clean and appointed well enough, but there are no frills. No extra seating, and the lighting is not the best. No wi-fi or coffee maker. The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was very spacious by New York hotel standards. This is our 4th trip to New York together, and I used to live there, so I'm familiar with enough hotels to have a basis for comparison.The best asset of this hotel is its staff. They were hospitable, greeting us every time we entered the hotel and holding the door for us when we left. They left us extra towels when we asked for them and also provided satisfactory lunch and dinner recommendations. They would not, however, accommodate an late checkout request.The continental breakfast was serviceable but not the best. Orange juice, coffee, bagles, doughnuts, a few muffins, and a few turnovers. Hardly what I would call a bountiful selection, and the pastries were dry and not that good. The second morning we took advantage of the breakfast we got there around 8:40, 20 minutes before it ended. (The breakfast is only provided from 7:00 to 9:00). All the pastries were gone. The woman in charge of the breakfast area didn't take the initiative to restock even though there were several people waiting in line. (The room, by the way, is tiny and cramped and does not have adequate seating). When I asked her if there were any more turnovers, she didn't even speak to me but instead set about restocking. Her attitude was unpleasant, though, as if she were doing me a favor begrudgingly. I wasn't impressed.Another reviewer mentioned that this hotel probably used to be an office building, and I can definitely see this. Every floor is laid out differently, kind of chopped up in its floor design, and I wondered why there only seemed to be 6 or 7 rooms on each floor. The hallways had a funny smell (the rooms were okay, though), and the lighting was dim in the hallways as well. The decor wasn't warm or inviting.All of these items aside, the main problem is this hotel's location. This hotel is in an unsavory area, and I'm saying this as someone who's lived in different areas of New York. It is right on Broadway, but it's in a sort of &quot;no-man's land&quot; of midtown. By day, it is a little creepy because there are nothing but vendors and roving packs of young kids and thugs. It's an impoverished area, and there's nothing in the immediate area that would attract other tourists, so you are surrounded by masses of locals. If you walk one block north to 28th street, you can catch the NR subway line. If you walk two blocks west over to 7th Avenue and 28th Street, you can catch the red 1 subway line, which is okay by day, but very scary at night. At night, all of the streets around the hotel are desolate, especially the cross blocks. All the shop fronts are gated, and there is hardly anyone around and very few other businesses. It is creepy. On the final night of our stay, we were out late in the Village and took a cab back to the hotel around 1:15 in the morning. Approximately 6 blocks south of the hotel and one cross block over (on 6th Avenue), we encountered swarms of gang members blocking the intersection and preventing traffic from moving. There was an NYPD car in front of our cab that did nothing in spite of the fact that there was gang fighting and violence occurring on the right side of the street. It was a very tense, petrifying few moments as the gang members rushed across the street dodging in and out of traffic. I hurriedly rolled my window up, but was so thankful to finally get back to our hotel. However, I did not sleep well that night because I was so shook up and disconcerted by the fact that this all happened in such close proximity to where we were staying. In short, if you want to be in the heart of the theatre district and withing close walking distance to most of the midtown attractions, this is not the place to be. The hotel is spartan and is in an extremely dicey, unsafe area of town. I did not feel entirely comfortable there, and my partner and I will not stay there again. The few hundred dollars you save aren't worth it. Next time we will spend the extra money and stay further uptown.	
May 21 2007	A great place to stay in the Big Apple	We stayed here for three nights: May 6th, 7th, and 8th. The room was very big with a double size bed and a queen size bed. The bathroom was large and the shower was extraordinarily efficient with masses of hot water. Although we were four adults sharing, we didn't feel the least bit crowded. The Miro reproductions--indeed, the Miro and Picasso theme throughout the hotel's decor--were a treat; the hotel was renovated to a high standard in 2006. We found the staff unfailingly courteous and helpful; no question seemed too small for them to take the time to answer. The Flatiron district in which the hotel is located is a lively, multi-ethnic neighborhood where many so-called wholesalers sell everything from oversized belt buckles to delicate gold necklaces to ugly bric-à-brac; you name it, they have it. These shops close around 6 p.m. and the neighborhood becomes pleasingly quiet. It felt safe at all hours; we walked to many places to and from the hotel and never had even one ugly incident to deal with. The hotel is central (Broadway at 27th Street) and a subway stop is just one block away. Reduced rate parking ($25 for 24 hours) is available just around the corner from the hotel. The streets in the area are easy to negotiate: we had no problems driving into and out of New York. There are a few downsides but they are of no great consequence. The window of our room looked on to an ugly, dirty courtyard; it did not provide an impressive in-your-face view of the Empire State Building, but we had been told ahead of time that the big rooms were at the back of the building and therefore without views. The air vent in the bathroom allowed us to hear the person in the room above as though she was in our room; while shaving one morning, I learned more of her life's story than I cared to know! But this occurred only one morning; perhaps the room was vacant for the other days of other stay. At any rate, the problem only occurred in the bathroom; the main room was very quiet which meant we could all sleep deeply at night. The breakfast room on the fourth floor presents problems that should be solved in a hotel of this calibre and price range. The room is too small; the toaster hardly works; the coffee and juice were usually good but sometimes they were unappealingly watery; and the pasteries were poor quality. The New York-style bagels, however, were tasty especially when lathered with thick cream cheese. We took our food to our room which is what most people did. You would have to look awfully hard to find a hotel as good as this one, unless you were prepared to spend a good deal more money. Enjoy!	
May 15 2007 	Don't believe the bad reviews this is a great hotel	Staying here for our honeymoon I called a couple days ahead and requested a room with a view. Got a room on the 10th floor with a fantastic view of the Empire State Building! The rooms are very large, and are nicely furnished with comfortable beds, new furniture and repainted walls. There are nice pastries in the morning along with coffee and juice, my only wish is that there would be some fruit also available. The staff was great from the begining to the very end, going beyond all expectations. The hotel may not be in the prime location of Manhatten but is safe, very quiet at night and is one block from the subway station. Overall this is great choice for all, save your money by staying here and spluge it on a nice dinner.	
May 8 2007	General Manager is an [--]	Made a reservation to stay in the hotel online. Afew months later I was unable to take the trip. I called the hotel's frontdesk and cancelled my reservation. Recently, I received my credit card bill and found the charge for the room!! The hotel General Manager was a total [--] to me over the phone. He told me I had to have cancelled the reservation online and not on the phone...so now I am screwed out of the $$$$BEWARE of this hotel's practice if you are considering making a reservation and heaven forbid have to cancel.	
May 2 2007 	Really LOUD elevator	This hotel was fine, until I realized that the elevator was so loud, not only did I hear it in my room, but it was difficult to sleep. When I complained about it to the front desk, they told me nothing could be done as the hotel was full. I found it preposterous that they could charge me as much as they did $260 and have that kind of experience.I agree that this was likely an office building turned into a hotel. If my room hadn't been so noisy, it would have been just fine otherwise - comfortable bed, clean and spacious (at least for NY).I will not go back here, for fear of being kept up all night again.	
Apr 2 2007	Two thumbs down for the Broadway Plaza Hotel in NYC	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza hotel on March 20 and March 21. We were very disappointed with the layout of the hotel itself. The hotel looked like it was transformed from an office building to a hotel. You could tell this was the case as there were only less than 5 rooms per floor. Once you were inside the hotel lobby, there wasn't a lobby. No where to sit, no restrooms, only a couple of people behind a desk serving the hotel guests checking in or out. The lights inside the room weren't lights that you would normally see inside a room. It was a huge fluorescent light that you would see inside an office to offer lighting over once's desk area. The light happened to be over the tv area. There wasn't anywhere in the room to lounge, just two beds and a small desk with one chair. The bathroom was huge only because it was a closet for supplies in the past. The tub enclosed shower had mold growing in thick layers in the corners of the shower. Although the water was hot, I can imagined how much mold/spores I inhaled during my shower. To order room service, you had to call a restaurant several blocks away, and they would deliver and add it to your hotel bill. Parking costs $50 a day and you had to walk a block back to your hotel after parking your car. I give this hotel two thumbs down. I would have rather spent more money in another hotel and felt comfortable than to stay in this one again for free.	
Mar 1 2007	excellent hotel	it was our first stay in the broadway plaza in new york and we were very pleased with the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was spacious, comfortable and very clean and we had a fantastic view of the empire state building (worth requesting when you book). There is a breakfast room but it was very small and only a limited breakfast available but convenient to have there. There is a vending machine and ice machine too.We walked to and from the hotel in the day and at night and felt safe in doing so. There is a metro stop close to the hotel which was useful but you are within easy walking distance to the main attractions and bars/restaurants.We would definaltey go back to this hotel. Stu and Kel (Wirral, England)	
Feb 18 2007	It is decent for the money	it is close timesquare and the rooms were good size and clean. the breakfast was in a very small area and limited but you get what you pay for if you need for room and proximity it is appealing. but I would care to walk to this hotel at night alone (be with some one or taxi it would be fine) a night the trash is all over the streets after a full day of street vendor selling , there is not restaurants nor are there many other people around after dark.	
Feb 3 2007	Extremely Satisfied!	Excellent Place for the Price in NYC! It's not Times Square, but I do not have any complaints about this hotel. It was my first visit to NYC and heard how small and expensive everything was. The price was excellent for what you get. The room was very roomy, the bathroom bigger than most other hotel rooms. The rooms have recently been upgraded and have nice furniture, a comfortable bed, a vanity table. Very comfortable and super clean. There's a free continental breakfast which serves its purpose if you're hungry. I had requested a view of Empire State and Chrysler Building when I reserved and that was honored. There are two elevators, but only one reaches upper floors, sometimes that took a bit of waiting, not too bad. The area is far from the hustle and bustle of Times Square and it is extremely quiet at nights because the vendors are gone (a few shops remain open at night on the hotel street) and some streets nearby are somewhat isolated and I wouldn't feel comfortable strolling around, if you need go get somewhere it is better to take a cab if you don't want to use the subway, especially for women. But I was with my 18-year old daughter and boyfriend and no one ever bothered us. But I felt safe getting the subway, only 1/2 block away, that's how I got to everywhere. A couple of blocks south, however, it was full of people. The hotel concierge was extremely helpful and suggested a couple of restaurants within walking distance. A cheap and good pizza place is right next door to the hotel. Excellent Location to access any part of NYC--the hotel's best asset. It's quite a walk from Times Square, but we did it, after all it's New York. However, the Subway and buses are the way to go. The whole experience was positive and I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. Enjoy your trip! I hope the pictures help you decide.	
Jan 9 2007	Great Value	This hotel is located centrally to all of the major tourist attractions in Manhattan. When I stay in New York and I am paying for it, I book at the Broadway Plaza. (When my law firm clients pay, I stay in mid-town at the Hilton) Rooms at the Broadway Plaza are clean and quiet--unless your room faces Broadway, then you'll hear the horns, etc.As for the &quot;seedy area&quot; comments, this hotel is in the wholesale district where street vendors purchase their wares for sale. You will see Africans, Arabs, Koreans, all sorts of people. If you are afraid of people who look different than you, you may feel uncomfortable. It is very quiet at night because all the vendors are gone and the shops close down.Breakfast at the hotel is modest and the room small. But who cares, I feel safe there and the difference between the Broadway Plaza and the Hilton is $200--I will take that money and spend it on a show.Staff is very friendly, helpful, as others note.	
Dec 18 2006 	Wonderful hotel! Small but special!	The Broadway Plaza Hotel made our first visit to New York City a special one. Great location, friendly and helpful staff, and a very large and very clean room. Just one block from the subway, too. A busy neighborhood by day was somewhat deserted at night, but we always felt safe in the area. Terrific view of the Empire State Building, too. We've recommended this hotel to family and friends and look forward to our next visit.	
Dec 6 2006 	Great NY Hotel for the price	This is a great hotel for the price in NYC. The rooms are huge for a NY hotel and newly renovated. We booked last minute and were very impressed. Good location that is central to go to TImes Square or head downtown. Subway stop is very close. My husband and I both lived in NYC and have seen many hotels there, This hotel is great if you're trying to stay on a budget. Comfortable beds, clean rooms, excellent staff, good continental breakfast each morning. Well worth the stay to save a few bucks!	
Nov 20 2006 	Not bad for NYC	I spent three nights at BPH to celebrate my wife's &quot;10th 30th birthday&quot;. I was expecting a tiny room that was just clean enough. I was impressed with the size of our room on the 7th floor in NW the corner side of the building. We had a queen bed, small sofa, writing desk and spacious bathroom. Our 3 by 6 foot window looked into the alley way and buildings behind us but did add light. The room was well lit, nice TV and comfy bed. The shower was small, plastic and dark but we didn't spend a whole lotta time in it so who cared! I think I paid $189? It was a bit pricier than normal due to US Open Tennis finals and 5th year 9/11 rememberance events I think.The location is ideal for what we wanted to do, see some touron sights and lots of Broadway shows. The subway entrance is about 50 steps outside the hotel entrance. We walked most everywhere and took the subway everywhere else. The hotel is in the garment district so there are lots of businessmen buying and selling wholesale Chinese junk to each other during the day. They are just going about their day and are friendly and accomodating to the tourons roaming the streets. At night the place and streets are pretty quiet and buttoned up. We walked the 2.5 miles(?) home from the theatre district nightly and felt perfectly safe.The staff was nice friendly and always asking how they could help. We only hit breakfast once and it was adequate, coffee, fake juice and lots of bagels.About New York. The city is alive, vibrant and in great shape! The people are friendly overly helpful and seem to have a real sense of community after 9/11. We were there right before the 9/11 5th year anniversary remeberances and the city seems to go about it's business more so than the rest of the U.S.. New Yorkers live to live and seem to be more in touch with everyone around them whether they are natives or not. We saw NO homeless people, as a matter of fact I am approached by more panhandlers in the suburbs of central Texas in one morning commute than I was the whole 4 days I was in NYC!Great shows to see: Wicked, Color Purple, and Jersey Boys. A trip to The Rainbow Room atop 30 Rockafeller Center for a view of the city and Empire State Builidng at night are worth the $12 glass of wine.... Don't forget to go to men's restroom for the highest view of the city from any urinal!	
Nov 16 2006 	Leaves a lot to be desired!	I stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel in November 2006 for a business trip. The hotel is in a marginal area of the city, which appears quite deserted and seedy in the evenings. The hotel is obviously much older, but appears to have recently been remodeled. It was very clean, but seemed a bit rundown. The continental breakfast consisted of danish, bagels, and doughnuts served in a tiny room with very few tables. The hotel has no restaurant and no bar. There are also very few upscale or even midscale restaurants in close vicinity. This is definitely NOT a place that I would choose to stay again, even for the low price. With the Broadway Plaza, you get what you pay for...	
Nov 6 2006 	Strictly a budget hotel	I stayed here for three nights. There were more problems than benefits.Benefits:Excellent nice staff. Very helpful.Decent location, though at night there is not much open around the hotel, and as a single woman, I wasn't thrilled to be walking around there by myself. Inexpensive. The rooms are attractive. Room service is from a local restaurant ... it was very very good. Problems:I was near an office and someone was smoking all day, the hall way smelled like smoke.The window seemed like it was going to fall out of the sill; I almost asked to be moved because the window wouldn't close so it was noisy, but I wasn't going to be in the room much anyway.no coffee maker.no internet service.The continental breakfast wasn't so hot.The whole place is pretty old, and since I was by myself, I found that it was kind of dark and depressing. I was very glad to leave ... If you are on a budget, this is an affordable hotel in Manhattan. But I would only stay there again if I was desparate.	
Nov 1 2006 	Clean and reliable	Nothing fancy, but clean and realiable.Positives: 1. room and bathroom were very large. 2. room/bathroom were very, very clean. 3.great view of Empire State Building. 4. Very quiet!! 5.Complimentary continental breakfast was plentiful and fresh. 6. Shower water was piping hot and pressure was strong. 7.24/hr. coffee/tea in breakfast room. 8. Staff was friendly and accomodating. 9.They are happy to store your bags after you check out.Negatives: 1.Rooms were just a bit in need of sprucing up. 2.Breakfast room is tiny, just 4 tables, so most people had to haul food back to the room. 3.immediate environs just a bit seedy, but fine a couple of blocks over. 4.no lobby to speak of, just reception desk. 5. We were there last week, one of the peak travel periods, so it was grossly overpriced. Staff told me it's half of that in low season. Would definitely go back in low season, as it would be an excellent value then.	
Oct 13 2006	Broadway Plaza Hotel Rocks!	We had never been to NYC, did a lot of research on hotels, liked the reviews for BPH, and so booked it. All the reviews were right on. The hotel is clean, nicely priced, the staff is polite and helpful, and the view of the Empire State Building from our room was spectacular. Don't be put off that only one elevator goes past the 7th floor, or that the surrounding neighborhood seems at times to be shady - the rest of hotel is nice and we felt plenty safe. When you stay at BPH, you are getting a deal!	
Oct 10 2006	Great little hotel	My Mum and I stayed at the Broadway Plaza hotel for 5 nights in September. This was not our first trip to the city but it was one of the more enjoyable hotel experiences we have had. The only reason that we ended up there was that the majority of available rooms in other hotels for that time were either hugely expensive or only had 1 bed. After reading a number of differing reviews I made the choice of this hotel and I am very pleased that we did. To address other reviews, yes it is very quiet at night around the hotel and looks a little scary, but we had no problems at all and felt very safe walking around there. At all times when we passed through the front door of the hotel there was a door man who was very friendly and more than happy to offer helpful advice when we had a question. The location was fantastic, we walked up town to Times Square and beyond and also down to Greenwich Village and China Town and found it to be a very easy and enjoyable walk. There was a subway station nearby with very frequent services that took us anywhere else we wanted to go. The room was very large had 2 double beds and a large bathroom with a bathtub which was very nice after a long day of walking. And the view was amazing, the empire state building felt so close from our window that you could almost touch it! I'm sure not every room has a view like that so ask when you check in. So the airconditoning is a little bit noisey, we were one one of the higher floors so opened the window. The breakfast was a nice touch, we chose to take our breakfast back to the room and ate it enjoying the view, there was no need to sit in the small room with a lot of people walking around you. And having tea and coffee available at all times was really good as well. The thing I liked best about the hotel was how small it was, the staff were very friendly and some of the most helpful I have experienced for a long while. We lost our money in the vending machine and thought that we wouldn't get it back, no problem, just told the person at the front desk and he promptly refunded the money and gave me directions to the nearest convenience store. For those people that are interested in spending their money on designer beds and fancy toiletries, then this might not be the hotel for you, but if you have other things to spend your money on and just want a classic hotel with breakfast and friendly staff then this is probably a good choice. When I come back to New York I'll stay here again.	
Oct 3 2006 	Very good value	Room was clean and tidy and had a great view of the empire state building and staff were very friendly. Breakfast was convenient but consisted of pastries and muffins so was not what I was used to (would've been nice if there was cereal and toast). Price was very affordable compared to all the other hotels in the city (only $169 a night). Great location - real close to the subway but was in a pretty dodgy part of the city though. Otherwise it was a great place to stay.	
Sep 30 2006 	First Time in New York Great Experience!	This was our first time in New York and we were a little skeptical on this hotel. We read the reviews on Trip Advisor before we booked but decided to stay. The location was scary at first, but people are actually nice. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful and the room was great. This hotel is located near the Subway so we took the Subway everywhere. Definitly by a subway pass if you plan on staying for more than a few days, it was worth it. The hotel is located in the Flat Iron district. It is not far from the Empire State Building, but you will have to ride the Subway to get anywhere else that you want to go. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone coming to New York for a few days, it was great experience for a first time visit. We will stay here again. I have also attached a pic of our room, hope this helps.	
Sep 13 2006 	Not bad at all	The staff were friendly and courteous.The location was great.Room was clean, large and comfortable (a mini bar wouldn't go amiss).Good value for money overall.The only bad thing was the token breakfast.It was only 'served' between 7 and 9am. When I did make it down in time it was just a coffee room with a few small tables (all occupied). There was a selection of donuts/bagels/pastries on the side which looked OK. I tried to pour a coffee which was weak and tasteless and in the end went to a cafe down the road on 5th avenue.I'd say getting breakfast in a cafe was part of the New York experience anyway!I'd stay there again.	
Aug 12 2006 	great for a short stay	We stayed for two nights in the Boradway Plaza for our first family holiday to the United States at the end of July. Having read all the reviews prior to selecting the Hotel, we were well prepared for this hotel not being in a prime location. However, at no time did we feel unsafe. This being our first trip to Manhatten, the hotel kindly provided us with a room with a view (Empire State Building) on the 11th Floor. The room was large, very clear and functional. Although the breakfast could not be compared with any breakfast served in any hotel in Europe (even a small B &amp; B would probably do better) at least it was better than nothing.The Hotel is well positioned and in easy reach of subway stations, Time Square, ESB and Flatiron Building. We even walked the distance from the Hotel to the World Trade Centre site and Battery Park. The staff was very friendly and most efficient. And one last word...if you are looking for a good pint of larger and reasonably priced food go to O'Reilly's bar just a few blocks up Broadway.	
Aug 3 2006 	The good the bad and the ugly...	So here's the story.The good: The Broadway Plaza has great rooms. They're clean, they're comfy, and if you're not a princess you'll be just fine. Think Holiday Inn pre-makeover. Nothing super special, but just fine. The place is small but there's nothing about the rooms to make you cringe. Certainly a better deal than Pennsylvania Hotel where my bathroom looked like something out of a horror film. The workers are generally friendly but there is some slight snappiness at the front desk when they're busy.The bad: The lobby is tiny. Not a big deal, unless you're checking in at the same time as other guests. The elevator can take forever sometimes, since there is only 1 that guests can use. The 'free breakfast' room is pretty overrated. It's more like a lounge in the back of a bank where employees drink a cheap, bad coffee mid-morning and toast bread in a toaster that grandma should have thrown out 5 years ago.The ugly: New York is not a pretty city. You will generally feel unsafe anywhere in the city, especially if you're not used to it. That said, this neighborhood is not touristy whatsoever and if you're not a New Yorker than you're going to feel out of place and possibly weary of your surroundings the first day or two. Do NOT go upstairs at the pizza place next door. There were no seats and we ventured up there only to find drug deals going down all around us. Keep in mind this is New York and it happens anyway - just maybe not as noticeably in other places. If you're going out at night, have the desk guy flag you a car. If you walk straight into the car then there are no issues. If you're in a group, not a huge deal. Nice and affordable hotels are hard to find in NYC and this one isn't horrible, but if you're a first timer and you're not &quot;street savvy&quot; do yourself a favor and spend a couple of extra bucks closer to Times Square where the lights are always bright and nothing lurks in the shadows. Also, note that Expedia overrated this hotel. It is not by any means more than 3 stars. Not at all.	
Jul 29 2006	Right Location Right Price	We were looking for a hotel in Midtown at a good price for two adults, one teen, and one child. This hotel filled the bill. We stayed four nights in June 2006.It is one block from a subway station and is within walking distance of the Flatiron Building, the Empire State Building, Times Square, etc. We took the train to NYC and were able to walk the five or six blocks from Penn Station to this hotel. Being on Broadway, the walk north and south can be quite interesting. The area is a little bit scary at night, no so much because of unsavory characters, but because the streets are very dark. The room had two queen beds and was a nice size. The bathroom was small, but clean. There were plenty of towels and bed linens for all of us. The staff was neither friendly nor nasty, just functional. Skip the breakfast. It is not worth climbing the stairs or taking the elevator. Go to Starbucks up the street for your coffee and croissant.For just my wife and me, we would choose a hotel that is a little more upscale and romatic. However, with the children, this hotel was just about right.	
Jul 6 2006	Great view - good value	I stayed at this hotel i july 2005 for 3 nigths with my husbond. We got a room on the 4 th floor with a great view of the Empire State Building. It's in walking distance of most of the attractions. The breakfast is allright, and the staff is very helpfull. The only negative thing is that the surrounding streets seems a bit unfriendly. However, we did not have any problems.The value is good, considering N.Y. prices.	
Jul 5 2006	Second visit not as good	This was my second stay at The Broadway Plaza hotel, and I have to say I was disappointed this time. The good parts were both double beds were comfortable, the staff was friendly as always and the downtown location is convenient if you love downtown. The bad parts were the air conditioner had to be turned off after five minutes because of a very loud noise, the bathtub had standing water during each shower because it was draining very slowly and the elevator was very slow. If you are staying above the 7th floor there is only one elevator, and it is very slow. The worst part was I went to get an extra pillow from the shelf, and there was what looked like ceiling tile on the pillow. I looked up and saw the ceiling looked to be chewed or scratched through. A piece of carboard had been taped up, but you could still see the hole in the ceiling. We saw no rodent, but it appears they have a problem. Eventhough the building is old like most NYC hotels, they should still be able to control a rodent problem. Even with all these problems we still mostly enjoyed our stay, but were disappointed by the problems with the room. I'd consider staying at the hotel again, but only if I couldn't find anything else.	
Jun 23 2006	perfectly fine	clean, large quad room with large bathroom; friendly, helpful staff; breakfast and breakfast room a bit disappointing, but both did the job; lift is very slow, so must be patient; close to subway; typical new yok neighborhood (ie, busy and potentially dangerous if you're not aware of surroundings, but otherwise fine); one big complaint: pigeons or other rodents seemed to be scratching vigorously all day and night in the walls of the hotel room--a bit disconcerting	
May 7 2006	Good Hotel Great price	No bugs or animals loved the room lots of space worth the stay	
May 6 2006	Friendly and comfortable.	Very friendly staff, clean and tidy hotel/room. 24hr tea and coffee a great idea, (buy some mugs if you don't like polystyrene cups). Breakfast of donuts or toasted Bagels and cream cheese/jam, unusual to us Brits but tasty for a week. Overall a great place to stay and central to most attractions.If you read previous poor reviews note the following:-1) People are outside with black plastic bin liners because they have bought their 'minimum of 10 items or more' from the wholesale shops lining the street and thats how they are packaged. They do not try to sell to you and it means there is people about all the tme and so its as safe as any where else, (and I am a worrier). It does look ominous when you first get there but its no problem.2) The toilet did block but thats because of the design, not the plumbing, so just be carefull.3) The lift, its called waitng for it, have patience it works fine.4) The bed was very comfortable.Compared to Hotels in this country it was very good and we would definiteley stay there again.	
Apr 25 2006	Garbage Dump	My first time to the US and I absolutely loved NY. I will come back to this city but there is no way I will ever stay in this hotel again. The neighbourhood was not the best and the hotel was made to look very scruffy by all the garbage bag people outside. My girlfriend was actually scared to walk around the area just outside the hotel.The morning breakfast consisted of a few plates of dry cup cakes and cream cakes. I never ate in the hotel after the first day. I also got ripped off by vending machines that did not work properly.The room was scruffy, the carpet was ancient and the bathroom (quite clean) was very dated. The bed was a disaster and I had a bad time sleeping during my stay. On the first night I thought I could hear rats/mice scratching on the walls!Total rip off for the money I spent, i know i could have had much better for my money.	
Apr 10 2006	Excellent Hotel	Arrived at hotel late the night before St Patrick's Day, initially to stay for one night only. Staff were excellent, very accomodating when I requested extending my stay. Great hotel for, great price. Room was massive and very clean. Location is excellent. Would definitely stay at the Broadway Plaza next time I'm in New York.	
Mar 21 2006	For the price you could probably do better.	I expected this hotel to be alot better than what it was. We paid $1200 for a 4 night stay the week before Christmas so for that price i expected something a bit more upmarket. The rooms were a fair size but there were marks on the walls, chipped and mismatched furniture and the decor was just generally drab. I did however enjoy the fact we were within walking distance of Times Square, Fifth Avenue and the Empire State building. There were a lot of street sellers around the hotel selling what i assume were stolen or counterfeit goods. This did intimidate us at first but after a day we just accepted that this was NYC. There were no problems walking through them at all.The staff at the hotel were very helpful. I needed an internet cafe one day and the guy behind the desk gave me three addresses. He knew the opening times and the prices which was very handy!!This hotel is ideal if you are just wanting a place to rest your head and wash without being too far from all the attractions. The hotel may have been more expensive as it was Christmas but for the price we paid i was a bit disappointed.	
Mar 16 2006	Broadway Plaza Hotel	This was my first trip to NYC, and I've always been told you can't get a decent hotel room in this town under $200/night. Naturally I was a bit suspicious when the rate for the Broadway Plaza Hotel was quoted at $119/night on Travelocity, but the reviews were, for the most part, pretty good and the location seemed acceptable, so I decided to give it a shot. Man, was I glad I did! I love this hotel! The staff is so friendly and helpful, the room was HUGE, and the continental breakfast and 24 hour coffee was great! True, some have griped about the neighborhood a bit and it's true that the hotel is located in the northern part of the Garment district, but I absolutely loved this colorful area of town. The neighborhood has a very genuine feel to it - this IS NYC, not some phony tourist creation!!! The area clears out at night after the shops close, and it's very tranquil and peaceful then. In no way did I ever feel even slightly unsafe. Also, Times Square and the Flatiron building are just a short walk away, and there's a subway station right at 28th Street which is so convenient! This place rocks and I plan to stay here again on my next NYC adventure! Highest recommendation!!!	
Mar 1 2006 	just the job for a couple of nights	i needed an overnight hotel stop in between moving apartments in NY - booked this via Orbitz as it was, well cheap. $98 for the night plus it said it offered room service. I arrived to be told the hotel was overbooked but they had found me a room - it was a very large room with 2 double beds and a simply enormous bathroom by any NY standards so I suspect if I'd got a $98 room things may have been different. For me the best thing about the room was it was SO quiet outside, literally the odd car going past but no beeping horns or other NY noises. &quot;Room service&quot; turns out to be a restaurant next door the hotel has hooked up with which during my stay was closed for renovations but I did get other menus brought to my room plus when the food arrived the security man called me first to let me know etc, I thought that was good. If I was staying in NY for more than 3 nights I'd probably pick another location but if you happen to just need a place to crash then I recommend this hotel. PS other reviewers have criticised the neighborhood - yes there are a few geezers hanging around trying to sell you sunglasses or whatever but 1. they go home when the shops shut 2. as a single woman from the UK living in NY I can tell you this is NOT a threatening neighborhood; you just need to look like you know where you are going so they don't mark you as a muppet 3. there are far far worse areas of Manhattan. Try Port Authority if you want dodgy geezers.	
Dec 22 2005	A great budget hotel	I had booked the hotel over the internet and was a bit wary from some of the mixed reviews on this site. I had nothing to fear. Upon arrival we were offered a room with a view looking out at the Empire State. The room was spacious for the 2 of us and the bathroom was certainly larger than the Howard johnson I stayed at last year. The room was clean and the service was friendly and efficient.The neighbourhood is not the greatest in New York. There were certainly crowds of young men selling furs, watches and sportswear from black bags in the street outside during the day but we didn't encounter any problems apart from very busy sidewalks. The area had cleared when we walked back to the hotel at night and we certainly did not feel threatened despite a couple of late night walks back. We were never approached by anyone. I've had scarier journeys home in many a city in the UK.The subway is close by and the hotel is in easy walking distance to the Flatiron and Midtown areas.	
Dec 9 2005 	Hell on Broadway!	This hotel is terrible.It is a trap - it appears like a less expensive option when staying in Manhattan - but trust me usually in manhattan you pay $300 a night and stay in what should be a $150 a night hotel - here you pay $150 a stay in what should be a $40 a night hotel.1.) There is an awful smell permeating the entire hotel that can only be described as somewhere between rotting food and cheap cleaning agent. I can't overemphasize how a bad smell can ruin an entire stay. 2.) The Elevators don't work. As mentioned prevously the 7th floor (where the vending machines were) was essentially unreachable by elevator - unless you have a crowbar to break down the elevator door. By the way the staircase smells disgusting - I found this out when I was trapped on the 7th floor. 3.) The neighborhood is VERY scary. I am a fairly seasoned traveller and even I was scared (not to mention my wife who was very fearful stepping out the hotel door). I am postive there were drugs being sold outside the hotel doors and purse snatchers on the prowl. Ask any cabbie and they will tell you this is NOT a tourist area. While the website points out how close the hotel is to major attracttions - you have to run a gauntlet of aggressive peddlers to get to them.4.) While the bathroom was recently rennovated - the shower pressure was terrible - I would have been better off splashing myself in the sink.It wasn't all bad 1.) Doorman was really good. This area is tough to get cabs and he does a great job - he should go work for a better hotel.2.) Wireless internet worked great.STAY AWAY DON'T FALL FOR THE TRAP	
Dec 5 2005	Chemical soup	Tried to prepare for the neighborhood, but wasn't. This Black Hole of Calcutta was isolated to about 2 blocks in any direction, but had to fight my way out the door and across the nearest intersections. People on the street were self-absorbed and incredibly beyond-NY rude, standing still or stopping suddenly &amp; veering in unexpected directions, all carrying or rolling black garbage bags. I'm used to vendors with tables - these were people standing in the way, hawking and pulling merchandise out of garbage bags. The discounted parking garage was 3.5 blocks away, all the others close so no other 24-hr parking.The nightmare was inside. Initially we were given room 508. The stench of fragranced carpet re-odorizer &quot;make it smell like something else&quot; was unbearable. We asked for another room, and got 506 with no problem. It still smelled. Man-made fragrances give me asthma and seizures - I doubled my medications. Lobby was fine, but halls smelled, elevators smelled, and someone was continuing to spray/treat the elevators because first one had a stronger odor, then the other. Sprayed the room and bed linens repeatedly with &quot;Smells B-gone&quot; and still couldn't sleep the first night due to reactions. The cleaning staff were loud, but not a problem because I was already awake. They followed our directions NOT to clean the room between nights. Stayed out too late in order to avoid the room. Couldn't sleep the other nights because we left the window open for fresh air and it was cold.Why would they need so many fragrances? The hotel does or at one time did accept pets. According to a staff member many of the garbage bag 'vendors' keep a room to restock their wares from. The wall around the air conditioner was mildewy. My husband thought the carpet odorizer was to cover the smell of vomit, but I didn't see any stains.The toilet stopped up. The towels were rough and too small to wrap around my husband who wears a size small shirt. The small plastic shower had no light fixture, so it was very dark. There were no towel bars or hooks within reach of the shower in the generously sized bathroom, just the 1 storage rack (a cheap and easy fix). There was no vent fan.The melamine didn't even completely cover the particle board sink cabinet.The door of one of the elevators wouldn't open on the 7th floor where the vending machines were. Internet access was an additional $10/night on a $280/night room. When they gave me the code, they also provided the tech support number, knowing I would need it - never needed assistance at any other hotel, not sure it was a secure connection. I had to call the desk to turn on the phone so I could call the tech support they knew I would need. In the small continental breakfast room everyone looked miserable although I didn't speak to anyone.The rooms were clean (accept for AC mildew) if stinky, the bellhops were wonderful, and the sewing kit in the room was useful. I suspect some of these reviews were written by staff because while some may have had an adequate experience, rave reviews would be impossible.	
Dec 2 2005	We loved the "gritty" area - Very safe.	Having flown 22 hrs to arrive in NYC for our first visit, we were greeted by a wonderful Doorman, &quot;Richard&quot; and front desk staff in the evening. If you need anything done or any info. Richard is the man to ask! In fact all the staff were pleasant here. Stayed for 7 glorious nights. Having read other reviews about the &quot;grittiness&quot; of the area, we welcomed it as part of a true NYC experience, as opposed to staying in a touristy area. Bustling during the day, however surprisingly quiet at night. Never a feeling of being unsafe at all.Our room on the 6th floor (606) looked straight at Empire State Building. Large Superior Room (2 beds), small dining table, desk, loads of cupboard and hanging space, large bathroom &amp; heated. Very clean, plenty of towels available. Room had a personal safe also...added bonus.Excellent access to Subways, eateries, taxis, bars &amp; clubs and many many NYC attractions. We thought it was the perfect place to stay &amp; would definitely stay again.The only negative we found, was the house-keeping staff tended to be a little noisy in the mornings. A little bit of door banging going on and chatting in the hallways amongst themselves, became annoying when trying to have a sleep-in.	
Nov 24 2005	Great Experience	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We were travelling with our two kids as well as another couple. Both rooms were on the 4th floor - 403 for the couple faced the street and was roomy but had street noise at night. 408 was at the back and very quiet. Huge room although tiny shower. Rooms were very clean. Breakfast consisted of pastries, bagels, tea, coffee, juice (toaster available as is butter and jam). Always seemed to be plenty available. Staff were extremely helpful with all our questions etc. When we arrived at the hotel (7.30pm) we were a bit unsure of what it would be like because the neighbourhood didn't look so good but it was excellent and the neighbourhood was fine. Hotel was handy to tourist sights and the on/off bus so suited us just fine.	
Nov 15 2005	Would definitely recommend	After reading nearly all the hotel reviews for NY on TripAdvisor, I went for this one, as it was reasonably priced for a largish room.Went with my mother, for our first-time trip to NY and was very pleased with the hotel. We had one of the superior rooms (as I didn't want us to be falling over each other) and had clean room with two double beds, freshly decorated, good size bathroom with plenty of towels, great view of ESB and plenty of space.Staff were very pleasant and helpful, the traffic noise (on the 9th floor) much quieter than I expected, and the breakfast of unlimited bagels, cakes and muffins fatal for the waistline! Liked the 24hr tea and coffee available in the breakfast room (so didn't miss not having a kettle in room).Easy to get around from, plenty of cabs on 6th and 5th ave. Broadway by the hotel is rather dark and quiet late on, which unnerved my mum a bit - would recommend you walk up/down 5th ave, then turn down 27th st to the hotel, rather than walking down the latter part of Broadway. In the day time we had no hassle (no hassle at night either - in fact it was too quiet!)I'd definitely recommend this to someone who wants a decent, but not fancy schmancy hotel at a sensible price.	
Nov 15 2005 	nice hotel... Bad billing policies. Abusive management.	Untill recently I had always had nothing but good expieriences with this hotel. I made my reservation mid october. When I arrived to check in the rate that I had been quoted had changed. Though it may have been a fair rate it for that time of year. It was in fact different than what I was quoted. When I pointed it out they gladly agreed that the orignial quoted rate would stand. They were having some work done on thier elevators that weekend thus there was some minor inconvienience due to noise and availability. Also the cleaning staff never actually cleaned my room. None of this affected my Opinion of the hotel. I had always stayed there when visiting new york and figured some growing pains are part of any enterprise. When I went to check out I found that they had not changed the rate. it was signifigantly higher than what I had been originally quoted and agreed upon. They told me I must have misunderstood. Since a misunderstanding was possible I offered to split the difference with them. They stood by thier increased rate. then I found out that they had actually changed all the room rates the day I had checked in, to lower than the comprimise I was offering. They did not give in. They outright denied my complaints about noise and the cleaning staff and stood fast on thier rate.  I told them they left me no other options but to file a grievence with my credit card company and the management got mad and abusive. I left. I have filed my greivance and in addition I plan to file reviews about my expierience as is my right. It doesn't matter how helpfull the staff is if managment is unruly and unyeilding. Regardless of how rightous they felt about thier rate. I was not satisfied and they ignored my complaints. As it stands I will never stay there again and can't recomend the expierience to anybody.	
Nov 8 2005	Excellent Value	Four of us stayed for 3 night in October and thought this was an excellent hotel. Its small and might not be the most spacious but was very comfortable and is in a great location in Manhattan. The rooms were extremely clean and we found the staff to be more then helpfull. When I return to New York, I will be staying at the Broadway Plaza hotel again.	
Nov 3 2005	Great Place to Stay!	We stayed here on October 28 for one night in a junior suite, which had a two queen beds, a living room area, and a large bathroom. It was a very nice and quiet room. We were on the second floor, but really didn't experience too much noise. The staff was very helpful in hailing a cab for us and recommending a good place to eat breakfast. The subway was close and on a line that accesses Times Square and Central Park. Yes, there are cheap shops around, but who cares? That's part of New York. We would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 28 2005	better than expected	we spent 5day's at the hotel and staff could not be nicer from edward the doorman and his team to cleaning team and the front desk team all were very helpfull! the hotel is what you make of it despite what other people say there are pub's in the area all you have to do is ask or look!!we found an irish bar on 31st called o'rielly's find it the food in the attatched restaraunt was superb, nice bar to relax in and chill staff all very nice ,we stayed on the 9th floor good view's of empire state building,also subway 1 min away, all attractions minutes away by subway.overall i would stay in the hotel if i was going to new york again and would recomend in to anyone .	
Oct 18 2005	Not what you think-Broadway Plaza	We book the hotel based on the picture and the way it look which is very deceiving. If you don't look closly you will miss the hotel entrance among all the gate on the store fronts. The lobby is the size of my very small apartment dinning room. The rooms were clean and a good size but you couldn't look at your self in the mirror of the bathroom and have the door open. The breakfest they talk about is bad coffee and old donuts. The breakfast/coffee room is on the 4th floor and smaller than our hotel room. The staff was friendly but the man who was the door man our first day was then the front desk person the next night. There were no bars or resturant in the area and at night the street were very dark and abandon.	
Oct 12 2005	central comfortable good value	we picked this hotel after reading some of the reviews and for the money it was one of the more central and higher recommended places to go. I was not disappointedThe room was a good size, clean, comfortable and everything worked. All you really need when you are just sleeping there after spending your day on your feet seeing the sights. Maybe if you were on a romantic weekend break you could go a bit more upmarket and go to one of the bigger hotels with views over central park or nearer time square.The hotel is a bit off the tourist centre but this means it is quiet at nightime when you are trying to get to sleep, though you are only 2 stops on the subway from times square and 15mins walk to the empire state or macys. During the day the shops around sell cheap watches and t-shirts, but it didn't feel any worse than walking through any city. Big bonus is that the subway is one block away and is on the broadway line so you can get to most places you want to go quickly and easily. We felt quite safe using the subway and it was never crowded and intimidating like the london underground can be. If you want delis there are a few in 6th avenue a block away, plus a mcdonalds for milkshakes at 11pm if you want. There is an excellent jazz club and barbecue style restaurant on 27th and lexington 'jazz standard'. There are also good views of the empire state building from most rooms so you can check for visibility at the observation deck before you go. The breakfast was fine. bagels, doughnuts and pastries. Having tea/coffee and orange juice available all day was very good. There are vending machines as well if that isn't enough.We were happy with the hotel and it really suited our needs	
Oct 7 2005 	a gem!	Stayed for business. For me, the hotel location is ideal. If you are familiar with the city it is, I think, a fine location. If you are not familiar and want to stay in a more touristy area then I would probably pass....except for the fact that the staff are so helpful that I am sure they could get you anywhere you want to go. The rooms were large for NY standards and very, very clean. I was also impressed with the selection and the cleanliness in the breakfast room. This did become my NYC hotel of choice.	
Oct 7 2005	great find.	I booked this hotel directly after reading many reviews on this website. I stayed here for a week and would definitely recommend it as good value for money, especially compared to some similarly priced hotels in New York. The rooms were big, clean (maid came every day with fresh towels) and the concierge were really polite and helpful. This wasn't my first time in New York so I felt perfectly safe in the area (contrary to some reviews on here) but I think if recommending to a first time visitor, I would say the area is fairly quiet at night with not much happening so you might prefer staying a bit further uptown or further down in Soho however, I don't really have a bad word to say about my experience here. Breakfast is adequate and they don't mind you taking it to your room. It's very well situated in that a brisk 20 minute walk you are in soho, 10 minute walk in the other direction you are in Times Square. Would definitely recommend a stay here (and I'm fairly fussy!)	
Sep 27 2005	Very pleased with our choice of hotel	Thanks to a really good rate from Travelocity, we stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 4 nights at the end of August. We had an 8th floor room with a direct view of the Empire State Building, which is nicely lit up in the evening. The carpet was not clean our first night (needed vacuuming) but I left a note for housekeeping and it was taken care of the next morning. Other than that, the room and the bathroom were clean and spacious (much larger than another NYC hotel my husband stayed in earlier this year) and the A/C on low kept the room comfortable. It must have also drowned out any city noises because we slept very well all 4 nights. The staff was friendly all 4 days. The continental breakfast is limited, but you can at least get a bagel (or a pastry), juice and coffee each morning. If the breakfast area is too crowded, just take the food to your room. The hotel is very convenient to a subway station (go out the door and turn left; walk just over 1 block). Between the hotel and the subway station there are &quot;wholesale&quot; stores selling clothes, perfume and electronics. In addition, at certain times of day, there are lots of sidewalk vendors, so walking through with luggage can be a challenge, but it never seemed dangerous, just crowded. We were very pleased with our choice. A similarly sized room in a nicer area of NYC would easily cost more than twice what we paid.	
Sep 22 2005	It has many shortcomings	The hotel was clean. Other than that, I cannot say why we would want to stay there again.The room was very noisy due to the fact that all night long trucks moved freight in and out of the many counterfeit merchandise businesses that surround the hotel, and the room’s windows are not sound proof. The room was very hot and we could not turn on the air conditioning because it was very old and even noisier.Although the hotel advertised that we would get either a king size bed or two queens, we did not get either. We were given a room with one queen size bed. We had chosen this hotel over others because we have a baby and we needed the space, but they told me that they did not see this request in their reservations system and blamed travel agency. They stated that they were full to capacity and they could not offer us a different room. This was Friday night in New York City, and it would have been very difficult for us to find another room in another hotel. Therefore, we had to stay as a consequence.If you want a cheap hotel, are not planing on staying in it for too much time, don't mind not sleeping well and are not traveling with children, this might be a good choice. For us, it is not now nor will it ever be an alternative in the future.	
Sep 19 2005	Highly Recommended	We spent 4 nights at the Broadway Plaza and found it to be a well kept, clean hotel with LARGE rooms. The staff was very nice and always willing to help. The suite we stayed in had two queen size beds and a sitting area with a fold out couch. The bathroom was HUGE. We could see the Empire State Building out our window. Admittedly, this hotel has no street appeal. It is just a doorway with an awning over it flanked by a wig shop and clothing store. The immediate neighborhood is one of import/export stores selling clothes, perfume, shoes etc. A 'real&quot; New York neighborhood which might put off the first time visitor but it was safe and we never found a reason for concern. At night the stores all shut down making it one of the quietest we have ever stayed in when visiting Manhatten. Within a block or two are numerous nice restaurants. The subway is one block away. We would stay here again and highly recommend it.	
Sep 14 2005	Do not stay-Beware bad customer service!!!!!!	I didn't stay there, nor will I ever. I had booked an online res. for Sept 3rd. I called them on aug 15th to see if I could add another person to our room. The manager wanted to charge me way too much to add one child so I told them to cancel it. Called them on Sept 1st to make sure it was cancelled only to be told that it wasnt and that they couldn't do it over the phone because I booked it online. Even though I told the clerk that I did't have access to the internet. Called back to speak to he manager he gave me the run aound. They charged my credit card for 1 night ($160) I called back to get a refund was told NO very quickly. I do not recommend this place, they are very rude &amp; mean. Plus they give folks the run around so they cna keep your money.	
Sep 8 2005	Great Stay Again	Just back from my second stay at the Broadway Plaza, and it more the matched the standards of my last stay. This time I got a room on the 11th floor, which gave me a brilliant view of the Empire State Building and the beautiful Chrysler Building as well. The room was a nice size, clean, serviced every day. The breakfast is well worth getting, although I'd use the tray provided in your room and take it back there rather then eat in the very small dining area. The staff were once again extremely helpful and plesant, many of them I recognised from last year. The location is pretty much all I could have wished for, Macys, Times Square, Empire State Building, Chrysler Building and Grand Central Station are all within easy walking distance, Battery Park and the financial district is only a short bus ride from the corner outside the hotel, and there are plenty of places to eat close by. The area outside is very busy during the day and has many street traders, but I was never bothered by anyone, as a female travelling on her own I never felt anything but completely safe during my time in NYC.	
Sep 2 2005	Location Location	My family stayed in this hotel for 10 days from August 4th-14th.2005 We needed an hotel with a room which was large enough to accomodate five adults, and that's exactly what we got, a very large room on a lower floor with two Queen Beds and a lounge area with sofa sleeper. Room was serviced each day, and was large &amp; comfortable. Coffee, juice &amp; pastries available each morning included in the tariff, and the doormen were most knowledgeable &amp; helpful. I think I may have been overcharged for one extra person but have not checked that fully. Room, although overlooking the street, was quiet, and had a small fridge, certainly one of the largest hotel rooms I have stayed in. Area was very busy, and although cleaned up each night by the city cleaners, the number of businesses in the area create for a lot of litter and crowding which I am sad to say detracts from the hotel, the city should do more to keep the area clean.	
Aug 25 2005 	Beware of the rodents in rooms	Checked in and was very pleased with the size of the room (large by NYC standards). But on my final night, a rodent (not sure if it was a mouse or rat) ran across my room floor and under the couch. When I called down, the maintenance man wasn't overly surprised. One of his jobs, he tells me, is to inspect and fill in holes from the rodents. I did get to change rooms, but there was no attempt to compensate for this incident. Wouldn't stay there again.	
Aug 24 2005	Great Hotel!!	The Broadway Plaza Hotel is really above average.The rooms (esp. bathrooms) are very spacious, very clean, and the staff is helpful and polite. The lobby and the breakfast room are small, yes but hey... who cares. We took the food and the coffee to our room and had our breakfast there :)OK, there were a lot of street sellers around the hotel location, but the atmosphere is really far from threatening. Within ten minutes you are at Macys and the Empire State Building. A Metro Station is a minute away, so you can reach almost every location within minutes...I highly recommend this hotel!!! It was a great stay!	
Aug 19 2005	Good Location	Stayed here for 5 nights in March 2005. Room looked as is did in pics on website except a little more wear &amp; tear. We had a good sized room, the lighting was poor but we only slept and showered so it was fine. I agree the streets outside are a little off putting but none of the vendors approached us or made us feel any way threatened. The location is excellent Macy's is only a 5-10 min walk. The breakfast area is a joke however, people tripping across each other to have a cup of coffee and a doughnut for breakfast. Take my advice and give the breakfast a miss. If you are not a morning person you will not enjoy the experience. Overall the hotel was good if you shop around for something a little less pricey you will probably get the same standards. Generous 7/10	
Aug 14 2005	Broadway Plaza EXCELLENT!!	I spent a lot of time seaching hotels on the web for NYC and finally settled on the Broadway Plaza, thanks in large part to reviews on this website. We were not disappointed. The location could not have been better, just a few blocks walk to everything. When we arrived on a Sat. the area outside the hotel was the most off-putting part of the stay, very crowded street in front of a very small entrance with lots of bootlegged DVDs on display. But we prompty forgot all that on seeing the room. It was very clean with a large bathroom and a wonderful view of the Empire State Building (8th floor). The staff were very friendly and quite helpful, as was all of New York. I definately will return to NYC and would stay again at the Broadway Plaza.	
Aug 12 2005	Highly recommend Broadway Plaza Hotel!	I booked this hotel on the basis of previous reviews by Trip Advisor members, and they were right on! My friend and I stayed here Aug. 8-11 and were not disappointed! The first impression was a bit unsettling, seeing all the sidewalk vendors right outside the hotel entrance, but they are all over New York, and never bothered us. The staff was always polite, and very helpful. The entire place was very clean, even the stairwells! The room was quite spacious, and had a comfortable bed with plenty of pillows. It was tastefully decorated and appeared to have a new tub, sink and toilet. Again, everything was spotless! It was great to have a hair dryer, and all the little bottles of lotions and shampoos, as I forgot mine! They offered a continental breakfast with pastries that were unlike any I've EVER had at a hotel! The fresh rolls were HUGE, and easily could have fed two people! Unlike the other reviews that complained of the long wait and the crowded room, we never had to stand in line, and there was plenty for everyone! It was a real treat and saved us from having to spend time looking for a restaurant, as we were on the go from early morning until late evening. The only negative was that our TV didn't seem to work very well, but we never said anything about it, and we were actually too tired to watch it anyway. We asked for washcloths one night, when we noticed they hadn't been replenished, and they were brought up within minutes! It was also the most QUIET hotel I've ever stayed at! I'm a light sleeper and only one time did I hear anything at all. I know they had many guests, but I felt like we had the place to ourselves! It was most convenient to the subway, which was one block away, and only a few blocks to the Empire State Building. It was about a half hour walk to the theatre district, so it is a little out of the way, but for the great price, which I booked through cheaptickets, and the wonderful room and staff, it was worth the walk! I highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 10 2005 	Large Rooms and Friendly Service	True this isnt the greatest neighborhood and the lobby and entrance way are ultra small - but the rooms are huge according to NYC standards! I found my room clean, spacious, well air conditioned and with a full length bathtub!The nieghborhood is a bit dicey but Starbucks and chic shops are just a few blocks away.The staff were friendly and accommodated my request for an early check-in (for just $20 extra). High speed internet access is available for a modest fee and 800 calls are free.I'd stay again.	
Aug 3 2005	Nice but nothing special	We stayed for one week, we had booked two rooms together, paid extra for one room with three separate beds. Rooms were several floors apart, had to wait 24hours before being moved together. but the 3 bed room -only got a room with two double beds.... When we complained we were told that they didn't have rooms with 3 beds... We were given a fold away bed, but there wasn't any foot space between beds and wall then. Had to climb over beds to get to bathroom. Tried it for one night, but so uncomfortable we gave up, Brother and sister teens had to share a double bed. Imagine my suprise when I read on here that some one had two double beds AND a sofa bed!! We requested an extra pillow for my 63 yr old mum several times, and were told it would be brought up, it didn't arrive all week. The cleaners repeatedly ignored the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign and woke my mum up several times when she was unwell. We also had one of the kids new mp3 players mysteriosly dissapear from the room without trace, while we were at breakfast. Other than that, hotel was clean, facilities good, desk staff helpful and an excellent location.	
Aug 1 2005	Great New York Hotel!	We just got back from New York and stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel in Manhattan. I found this hotel via the web, including through Trip Advisor. We had a great stay at this hotel and would recommend it.The room was quite large (two double beds) for the three of us. Plenty of drawer space, a desk, a chair. The bathroom was very spacious and included a tub, not just a shower, plenty of light, and a hair dryer. The room was non-smoking and smelled fresh. The carpet was clean.We had a problem with the iron (something was scorched on it) and the hotel replaced the iron with a brand-new one right away. The maid service was prompt, efficient, and friendly.The best part: we had a FABULOUS view of the Empire State Building from our 9th-floor room.The neighborhood seemed fine, but the block we were on and the block to the north was very busy during the day with people selling shoes out of bags. We just ignored these &quot;vendors&quot; and they ignored us.We were one block from a subway, so it was very easy to get around the city.	
Jul 27 2005	Wonderful truly wonderful	Don't believe everything you read ! Thats my advice.We spent hours looking for hotels in New York and then reading the reviews on this website, finally we decided on the Broadway. For its price it is probably the best decision we ever made. We took into account the reviews on here and booked via the internet. SUGGESTION - If you can, request the 13th Floor......you have the whole floor to yourself as its just one room (helps with the lift queues anyway) and the room is gigantic, with a bigger than kingsize bed. I am 6ft 5 and i felt lost in it ! The most important factor of this room was the unbelievable view of the Empire State! (You can even see your hotel room from the top of the Empire State too!! Sad i know)Yes there were a lot of street sellers and people around the hotel location, but the atmosphere is FAR from threatening. 10 minutes walk will see you in the centre of time square.......for the price of the hotel, thats a pretty damn good location.If i were to return to New York, I would have no hesitation whatsoever of booking in at the Broadway Plaza. Its not just 5 out of 5, its 10 out of 10 for me.Whatever you decide, have a safe journey :o)	
Jun 23 2005 	No interest in garment district or Hair emporium	Located next to the Hair emporium (they sell 100% real hair or 100% synthetic hair NO BLENDS!!) in the very unfashionable garment district, the Broadway Plaza is only for the budget minded. The downsides: All street vendors in all of New York must meet outside this hotel both before and after work and that’s not a good thing. The hotel rooms are clean but a bit dingy. The drop ceilings and florescent lighting make the hotel experience feel more like a night at the office instead of a night a hotel—complete with lumpy bed. Guest will feel safe knowing there are lots of sprinklers in some rooms—mine had 5. Elevators apparently must run on the top and bottom of the hour as there was always a wait to get one. The upsides: The hotel is cheap, located close to other areas you might want to visit, and some rooms had great views of the Empire State building – I wanted to jump out of it instead of return to my hotel room.	
Jun 22 2005	Clean and Adequate	Spent two nights at the Broadway Plaza. We arrived a day early, and while the hotel had rooms available, they wanted to charge $55 above the rate we had confirmed - so, we spent one night at the Edison (who accomodated us at the last minute) and two nights at the Broadway Plaza. The front desk was businesslike, and neither added or subtracted anything from our stay. The concierge Richard is very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. Long waits for elevators is routine. Breakfast was nothing remarkable. Broadway Pizza next door serves a very nice breakfast for under $3.00. Subway is convienient. We did not like the neighborhood at all. Loud, vulgar, sweaty people crowd the sidewalks. It's not that we felt unsafe, it was just unpleasant. Plus, this hotel is not close to much of anything. But, that's why the price is so reasonable. Overall, we liked the Edison better.	
May 31 2005	In the Middle of Garment District	My Husband and I were very satisfied with the service and the room. We arrived early, but that was just fine because we left our luggage with the Hotel Receptionist and went shopping right outside the hotel. By the time we walked 1 block, we purchased cologne, purses, walking suits and a leather wallet.We were even satisfied with the food off the street cart (chicken and gyro on pita bread). It was great that the hotel managed to keep an upscale look among all of the action right outside of its doors. Keep up the great service Broadway Plaza. We will return!	
May 29 2005	Great Hotel	Just returned from 3 nights in New York at the Broadway Plaza Hotel . We stayed in a suite with 2 double beds and a sofa bed . The room was very large and clean .All the staff we talked to were extremely helpfull . I did request a room on a higher floor when booking , we were booked into the 2nd floor when we arrived . I mentioned it at check in and they said first thing in the morning we just leave our luggage ready and they would move us up to the 5th floor , we liked the room so much we told them not to bother .We were out touring by 9, back at 6 to change and back at midnight for bed , so for the price we payed for 4 people it was excellent . Yes the area outside the hotel is full of vendors during the day for about 2 blocks however we were not hassled and actually it added something to our trip , they were mostly all gone by 6 pm. The subway is a block away ,as you exit the subway you can see the hotel.The breakfast was the same as any Holiday Inn Express but 1 block over is a buffet restaurant that serves breakfast and charges by how much you have on your plate .I will recommend this hotel to my family and friends	
May 6 2005 	Great value large rooms	I stayed at the Broadway Plaza on business in April, usually I stay midtown but I wanted to stay closer to meeting location near battery park. For the price, you cannot beat this hotel. I've stayed in $300 rooms in NYC that aren't even close to the size and view that this hotel offers. I stayed on the top floor, awesome view of the Empire State Building. Location is just okay, but obviously that is why it is cheaper than midtown. Macy's is seven blocks north, Union Square is 10 blocks south, subway very close to hotel. Had a few minor issues with the high speed internet, but other than that, I have only positive impressions and will definitely stay again.	
May 4 2005	Great value for Manhattan lodging	If you plan on spending more time seeing the city than hanging out in your hotel, this is definitely a great place to stay. Very reasonable priced with really large rooms, especially for NYC. A relatively small hotel on 27th and Broadway, which many reviewers refer to as a shady area. It's not bad at all, I stayed there during Spring Break with 3 other college girls from California. If we can handle it, anyone can. The concierge, Richard is the really friendly and helpful.	
May 4 2005 	Clean tidy and comfortable	For the price, I felt this was a great deal. I got a clean, comfortable room in NY without spending what it cost me to fly there from CA. Recommended.	
Apr 30 2005 	Great location room view and value.	I too booked a 6 night stay based on the reviews of the Broadway Plaza here on tripadvisor and was not left disappointed with the result.If your looking for a reasonably priced hotel that is both clean and excellently located....i cant see how you can go wrong here! The hotel is 2 blocks from the Empire State....very close to Madison Square Gardens and only 10 mins walk to Time Square. (also v.close to a subway station!)Our room was fresh, with a great view....reasonably quiet, large, serviced by maids daily and all in all top value for money.For my first trip to New York....i dont think i could have got a better deal.If it wasnt for the slowness of the list and the fact that i have been to some more impressive 5 star hotels in my time..........Broadway would probably have gained 5/5.	
Apr 27 2005	A little pricey but still ok	If your in New York City for the weekend and you just need a place to crash that is in a convenient area, then the Broadway Plaza is fine. The hotel itself is nothing to sneeze at. However the rooms were clean and averageT size for a New York City hotel. The location is the best thing about it. You are 2 blocks from Macy's and other shopping outlets, and a short cab ride or subway ride into Times Square. There are restaurants everywhere and plenty of on the street purse hustlers.So if you more like me and just need a clean, safe place to lay your head and you are more worried about location and going out. Then this is a good spot.	
Apr 24 2005	Good Value Mostly Okay Great Staff	We had a three night stay and found most of the reviews to be on target (Thank you TripAdvisor). We liked the location and convenience to the subway. We left a play in Times Square, it was pouring rain and we were steps to the subway back and steps to the hotel, barely getting wet. Our room was fairly large but had one tiny window with no view. The layout made no sense. The door opened right onto the bed, and at the foot of the bed was the dresser which was so close you couldn't roll a suitcase by it so we moved it during our stay. The bathroom was also large but the toilet, sink and shower were all bunched on one wall, with a small shower. We considered moving the dresser into the bathroom. But we were comfortable while we were there. The real plus is the staff! Others have noted Richard, the consierge, but we also had great experiences with desk clerks and housekeeping. We went to the breakfast room the first day, but with so many wonderful places to eat in NYC, it was not worth returning. Overall, we got a 'special' rate so the value was very good for New York. PS we really liked the neighborhood during the day, but there wasn't much around there in the evening.	
Apr 18 2005	Neighborhood Definitely Sketchy!	Just returned from a 7 day stay in NYC - April 10-16, 2005 with my mother and 10 year old daughter. We were pleased with the actual hotel however you must know that the neighborhood is definitely sketchy! We were approached every 10 feet to buy counterfeit purses from some shady characters. On Saturday and Sunday it was so crowded walking on the street I had to hold my 10 year old very close. She was a little scared and didn't like the environment. The hotel itself was clean and the rooms were big. The continental breakfast was very convenient however I would recommend going on the early side because the breakfast room is VERY small and it gets very crowded around 8:45 am - 9:00 am. The subway is close and very convenient. I would stay there again ONLY because of the price.	
Apr 17 2005	Great value for money	Just back from a three night stay in NYC. I chose this hotel based on previous reviews, and I didn't regret it. My room was huge (and not just by NY standards!) and although it had no view (in fact the window was very small and gave on a backyard), it was very pleasant, also the bathroom was huge and clean. The continental breakfast (a rare thing in NYC apparently) was OK, although - as indicated by previous reviewers, if you show up after 8 you will want to take your food to your room, as the breakfast lounge is very small. All in all, excellent value for money (particularly if you manage to get a good rate -- I paid $149 plus tax per night through the hotel website, and as hotel rates go in NYC, it was a bargain!!	
Apr 13 2005	Excellent stay - we will be back!	We (Family of 2 Adults and a 10 year old child) booked for 9 days at The Broadway Plaza after reading the reviews on this web-site. What we wanted was a hotel that offered value for money as well as being on Manhattan itself. We also needed a smoking room and wanted a private bathroom.All in all we were very happy with our stay and the next time we visit New York this will be our first choice.Some people have complained that the hotel is in a business district and so it is &quot;dead&quot; after business hours. As someone who has stayed in &quot;the thick of it&quot; in New York I quite like the fact that I could sleep in relative quiet! For those people that think the street vendors outside are &quot;pushy&quot; try spending some time in places like India or Egypt! Neither my wife or son (or me for that matter) ever felt worried. The location is great for sightseeing and shopping and with a subway station 1 block north you can get anywhere you need quickly.Ultimately I think the simple question is would we return and as I mentioned earlier the answer is a resounding yes!	
Apr 4 2005	Great stay!	Just came back from the hotel after staying for 11 nights. This is a very nice hotel, right in the middle of Manhattan, with easy access to all parts of the city. The staff was friendly and very helpful, especially the cleaning staff whom responded very quickly after I told them that I reacted with allergies to the air freshener they used, whereupon they immediately quit using it, for the rest of my stay. The room itself was spacious, with a great king-size bed. The neighbourhood seemed a bit shady at first, but we got quickly used to it, the only complaint being that if your room is on the lower floors, you might get some noise during the daytime. All in all, a very good tourist class hotel, one that we hope to use on our next trip to New York (hopefully soon!)	
Mar 31 2005	Loved the view	We visited in March 2005, Travelling from London. My wife is in a wheelchair but access was great. The room was spacious and the facilities were excelent, we even had a view of the Empire State Building.The breakfast was pastries, donuts, bagles and coffee, there was always enough to go round.The area looks rough but we saw no trouble at night, or many people, and felt safe walking the streets at night. The bus stop is 10 feet away and they run every 10-20 mins.It is 10 mins to Macy's 15 to ESB and 20 to Times square, thats walking with the wheelchair (note all NY buses take wheelchairs but Grey line Do not).Always book direct with the hotel as the rates and rooms are better, if you book early you can oftern get a better price than even they advertise, we stayed for 5 nights and got a fuurther discount, e mail them and ask.	
Mar 28 2005	excellent hotel	we just came back from new york, we stayed at the broadway plaza from the 15/3/05 to 19/3/05 and had a fab time. There was nothing the staff wouldnt do to make you feel comfortable and at home. we went with my sis and bro-in-law who also recommends this hotel. our room was huge with a massive bed the view from the window wasnt much not that i minded, on the other hand my sister had a slightly smaller room but the view was breath taking when you looked through her bedroom window all you could see was an awesome view of the empire estate building. Each morning between 7 and 9 was a complimentary breakfast with fresh doughnuts hugh muffins bagels orange juice and tea and coffee was available 24/7 which was great, the kitchen is quite small so we use to take our breakfast back to our rooms to eat. The consiage service was amazing one of the guys there names richard was very helpful if you want to know anything just ask him, we needed transport back to jfk and left it with him to sort it out for us and he never let us down our luggage was even put in the vehicle ready for us.I went to new york last year and stayed at the pennsylvania hotel we enjoyed our stay but didnt really rate the hotel but we definetly made the right choice this time, the next time i go to nyc i will definetly book this hotel again and would fully recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 18 2005	great hotel	We felt that the Broadway Plaza was quite expensive, but we heard so many bad things about cheeper hotels that we decided to take this one, and indeed were not disappointed.The Broadway Plaza is hiding between many non-retail shops and street vendors on Broadway street, with a tiny reception area occupied by very friendly and knowledgable stuff.The room was very small, but clean, and sufficient for our needs. An unexpected perk was a very pretty view of the Empire State Building from our window. The complimentary breakfast was very good - bagels, doughnuts and muffins, with cream cheese and very good jam, coffee tea and juice. Only minus is the breakfast room is very small, and you may find yourself waiting... or taking the food to your room.The location is superb - 1/2 a block from the subway station, 3 or 4 blocks from the Empire State Building, and... well, Broadway street itself. We felt safe in that neighborhood, and will opt for this hotel again when we are in the big apple.	
Mar 3 2005	definite value for money	i stayed at the broadway plaza from 31/01/05 to 07/02/05. the broadway plaza is by no means the ritz, but it is a great deal for the price you pay. our room was on the third floor; it was spacious and very clean(house-keeping are wonderful!) and the decor was modern. the view left a lot to be desired, there was no lobby to speak of and somewhat bizarrely, for those guests lucky enough to be rooming on the 7th floor and above there was only one labouriously slow lift available. but that, i'm happy to say, was it as far as the negatives went...the location was great, broadway and 27th, subway and bus connections were well within walking distance and there were plenty of taxis available. also, the hotel is quite centrally placed and so not really that far away from anything, which made walking and more importantly, sightseeing, a more viable option. local shops are cheap and cheerful and street sellers are friendly but not overbearing. surrounding streets are bustling during the day and practically deserted at night which makes for a great nights sleep. several eateries, bars and clubs are within easy walking distance including jay-z's 4040 bar and p diddy's justins restaurant.i'll definitely stay here again the next time i visit. all in all, a great base from which to explore the city and leave you with enough money in your pocket to splurge on the things that new york city is famous for..!	
Feb 25 2005	Scary but Nice Experience.	Well I had followed the reviews here when picking my hotel, so I had to post after I came back. The hotel is in a scary location, but if you walk a block right or left of Broadway it gets better. Another note on location, the hotel is at least 6 blocks from anything you want to see, and about 20 blocks from Time Square and the theatres, so expect alot of walking or shelling out money for a taxi.But the staff at the hotel were very helpful, when we arrived they couldn't find our reservation and the desk man was going to call around for us and then we found that it had accidently been put under my husbands name.	
Feb 22 2005	Some reservations	Booked in advance on the net, read the reviews here but had booked already. We arrived in NYC on 7th Feb. got a cab to the hotel, first impressions outside were not great. The entrance is between two small shops we checked in but rooms were ready. The receptionist was ok but not overly helpful, went a walk around the area a lot of quite aggresive street vendors outside the hotel and for the next couple of blocks heading uptown. The room when we got it was very clean and seemed ok, later however a loud noise of an industrial machine droned in our room. I rang down to reception, Richard the consierege came up to check out the noise he was very helpful and appologetic. The noise came from next door he reported and nothing could be done---.We asked if they could swap the room, no they were all booked up. After a long trip we needed some rest this was not a good start to our trip at all. To cut a long story short I used the phone and yellow pages in the room to ring other hotels, got the same rate at Holiday Inn Martinique on Broadway. Checked out later that same night- no refund at Plaza not even the offer of a %. I emailed them on my return not any response from them at all. The Holiday Inn was SUPERB all areas of service quality, surroundings, food, location, customer service etc. They saved the day, the Broadfway Plaza is ok for a basic business stop over without the frills but for a family trip think again. The neighbourhood here can feel intimidating for Manhattan which we find generally safe and at ease in. Richard I felt sorry for he did his best, pity the other staff there did not live up to him. NYC is a great place to visit and we will be back again soon (at The Holiday Inn that is). Also the non smoking room at the Broadway Plaza smelt of smoke as did the landing outside.	
Feb 20 2005	Nice hotel great view.	i stayed there for 13 nights in march 03. Great location. 10 min from Macys and the empire state buliding. You have the subway right outside the hotel. I got a room on the 10 th floor with a beautiful view. Nice big clean room.	
Jan 29 2005	Good hotel convenient location	Have just returned from a 4 night stay here. As other reviewers have pointed out, the area can seem a bit dodgy at first - street traders during the day and pretty quiet at night - but we didn't have any problems. I must admit, if I'd been a female on my own, I may have found it a little intimidating. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Macy's, 15 mins from the Empire State. There's also a subway one block away. If, like me, you're a newcomer to NYC, I'd recommend reading up on the subway system first and using a small station like this one to start with - I wouldn't want anyone to have a repeat of our comedy of errors experience at the bigger station on 34th Street!The staff at the hotel were great - very friendly and helpful. We'd put in a request for a smoking room, but none were available, so they let us have an ashtray in our room. We asked for a view of the Empire State, which we got. The room wasn't big, but more than adequate, and the bed was very comfy. There's also maid service every day.OK, so the lobby isn't a grand affair, but there's somewhere to sit down, if needed. The breakfasts consist of pastries, bagels, jam and cream cheese, and the 24 hour coffee and tea facilities are very handy.	
Jan 19 2005	A great little hotel for a great price	Terrific. Stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 4 nights in mid-January, '05. Got a great rate online. Neighborhood was fine--safe &amp; secure, one block to subway. Nice, small hotel. All staff were very helpful. Room was huge. When I made the reservation, I put in a special request for a room with two beds. Got it, no problem. The entire place is spotless, including hallways. Even the floor in the elevators shined! The bathroom was really big too, but only had a stall shower. My traveling companion, my sister, likes a bathtub, &amp; the front desk was more than willing to offer a switch. We decided not to bother, but front desk personnel were very accommodating, especially day clerk, Trinity. One day I asked for directions to a place the front-desk staff were not familiar with. They pulled out maps &amp; books &amp; tried their best to help, which they finally were able to do. They really go above &amp; beyond to give good service. Only bad experience was after checkout when doorman tried to get us to let him book a car to LaGuardia Airport for us. Tried to convince me that a cab would be more than the $40 &quot;his&quot; car service charges. This was untrue. It was $33 with toll &amp; a $5 tip included.	
Jan 10 2005	good basic hotel dodgy location???	i stayed here with my parents in oct 04. we got a room with 2 double beds and so got a really good size room, with a view of the empire state. the room was a little basic and a little tatty round the edges, but it was clean and we got a good rate. theres no real reception area to soeak of, just a check in desk, but when you're in such a great city, who wants to sit in the hotel?just down the hall from our room was a handy little room with tables and chairs to help yourself to free tea and coffee 24h and it also had pastries for breakfast. this was a nice touch and very handy to fuel you up for the day ahead. the hotel is about a 10/15 min walk to macys so not a bad location in terms of distance to places, however, its a block or 2 out of the main tourist area, where there are lots of street markets selling knock off goods and big groups of people hanging around. it didnt bother us too much, but it was just something to be aware of. all in all good hotel for price, but i guess i wouldnt stay there again, just because there are so many ther similar hotels to choose from	
Jan 8 2005	Excellent!!!	My boyfriend and myself have just returned from the Broadway Plaza hotel where we stayed from the 31st Dec to the 6th Jan. As other people have stated the lobby is small but so what? If your planning on spending your holiday stood in the hotel lobby then obviously this isn't the place for you! The rooms are large and so are the bathrooms, the beds are massive and really comfortable. The maids are excellent and the free breakfast of bagels, cream cheese and coffee is superb. The breakfast room could be a bit biggr but if you like you can take your breakfast to your room so there's no problem there. The surrounding area is typical New York. For three blocks there are loads of market tradesmen with cheap bags, belts and scarves and such. Its a busy area, that is a littered with the days rubbish at the end but this is quickly taken away by the refuse. This should not put you off as the hotel is in the best postion ever! If you turn left up Broadway you come to Macy's and 34th Street within 6-7 blocks, then Times Square is only five mintues away from there. If you turn right you can walk down Broadway past the Flatiron which is right round the corner. You can get the subway to Chinatown, Soho, Greenwich Village and Lower Manhattan. All in all it is a perfect hotel and I am definitley planning on going again this year!	
Jan 5 2005	Truthfully 	My wife and I just returned from our Holiday Vacation in Manhattan and stayed at the Broadway Plaza. We stayed in room 1103 which had a wonderful view of the Empire State Building. The rooms, lobby, and even the elevators are kept clean. The staff was very helpful and we do appreciate the price.What would have been nice is if the hotel had a restaurant, but we knew ahead of time it didn't. The subway is in good walking distance from the hotel.Kudos and hats off to Broadway!!	
Dec 30 2004	DON'T BELIEVE THE BAD REVIEWS!!!	We are a family of 4 (two kids 10,5) and we were perfectly compfortable in one of the doubles at this hotel. There is a subway station across the street from the hotel, very convenient. wonderful hotel great staff great cont bkfst. the area is a middle class working neighborhood, so it's a little lonely at night, but you soon get used to it. please stay here and enjoy!!!	
Dec 27 2004	Mediocre at best	Stayed there in May 2004 for three nights. Clean rooms, but no lobby or amenities to speak of, and very tiny rooms and facilities. For a little bit more you can stay at Novotel Times Square and have a spectacular view, better room, etc. Also, the nearby discount stores leave their trash all over the street after 6 p.m. and I'm not sure you'd want your daughter walking through that two or three block stretch late at night. Finally, I arrived at the hotel an hour early, and for the privilege of checking in just an hour in advance, I was socked with a $20 surcharge!The one redeeming factor about this hotel is that it is not far from Times Square, Broadway theatre, etc., but there are many other hotels which are simply must better. This would be like a budget motel anywhere else. Would not recommend it.	
Dec 12 2004	With a few improvements .................	Stayed there last Thursday. Immediate area was &quot;seedy&quot; however hotel is in a convenient location and there is a doorman. I walked to Macy's , Times Square, Rockefeller Center, 5th Avenue etc.. 24 hour parking a few blocks away was only 25 dollars (reg.$40) because of hotel discount. Staff was very nice. Lobby, elevator, hallways were spotless. The room was clean and basic. Nothing fancy. Bed seemed old and was creaky but fine. Linens were clean but 50% polyester. Towels were clean but could have been nicer. Bathroom was clean but grout around tub was stained and wooden windowsill in shower was covered in mildew. Bottom line: If you can get a good rate, this place is fine if you need an economical place to stay that is convenient to everything. With just a few improvements this place good be even better.	
Dec 6 2004	Not too clean	We stayed for 5 nights the end of Nov '04. I found the location interesting and convenient. The front desk staff and the doorman were pleasant. The breakfast was ok, carbs and weak coffee. Our only negative would be that our room was not very clean. Crumbs that were on the floor when we checked in were still there 5 days later. The extra blankets were not clean and the pillows smelled. I wouldn't rush back.	
Dec 5 2004	Clean convenient basic and cheap...in NYC? Yes!	This area in the Garment District looks sketchier by day than by night: your evening arrival (practically within walking distance from Penn Sta) will find a quiet urban neighborhood just blocks from Herald Square. Subway is conveniently a block away. This is not a &quot;grand hotel&quot; kinda place: reception space is minimal but the welcome is awesome. Great check-in, elevators were fine, hallways are stone-floored but very very quiet. Room was huge for NYC, spartan furnishings (reminded me of a Fairfield Inn) but clean and well-maintained. There are outlets everywhere for your chargers, laptop, iron or whatever...big chains, take notice. My bed was quite firm, and that was a huge plus for me. My bathroom was smallish with some wear-in-use but it was clean. WiFi was slow and skittish but useable---the Website quoted a $9.95 daily charge but I didn't see one on my bill. Hardly any street noise, and my low-floor room fronted right on Broadway! this was amazing.I worked through Continental breakfast the next morning but the 24/7 coffee service was a very welcome amenity. At checkout I booked another stay later this month at a rate that is so low I decline to mention it on the grounds that it may incriminate me. This place is a budget find, and I highly recommend it as a budget business traveler's best bet in Midtown East. You will find much more expensive digs with much less satisfaction if you go elsewhere in the 'hood.	
Nov 21 2004	Great Hotel!!	The hotel staff are fantastic, the location great and the room was fabulous. We had the Junior Suite and it was big enough for four girls with lots of shopping to do and it was spotlessly clean.The staff were friendly, efficient and very helpful. We had continental breakfast every morning. What more could you ask for.We would highly recommend this hotel. At first the outside does not look great and the area looks dodgy but we had no problems. No one bothered us and we were perfectly safe at all times.	
Nov 15 2004	Beware	One short item: After coming back to my room after being out all day, the door was not locked. Needless to say, not a good experience.	
Nov 5 2004	Would Stay Here Every Time!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 days in mid-August. Location was great. Close to everything by either walking or taking the subway. Never felt uneasy walking at all hours of the day and night. The rooms were large and very clean. Actually, the rooms are massive for New York. I have never seen such a huge bathroom in any hotel, in any city! Only had the continental breakfast one morning and it passable. I agree with the previous comments that continental breakfast area was busy and crowded so we opted to go out and we found a great diner with excellent service up Broadway that had 2 eggs, bacon, toast and juice for $2.50. We trekked around the area for breakfast the remaining mornings and found great food for very reasonable prices. The service was absolutely excellent from the maids to the doormen. We had a little problem getting a taxi on our departure but it was not due to our doorman. The gentleman was persistently in the middle of Broadway trying to snag one. I think many taxis had driven off when they found out where we were going and the amount of luggage we had....apparently, taxis do not prefer to go to the Midtown Ferry! He changed his tactic and we finally got one when he didn't tell the driver where we were going.	
Oct 27 2004	great value great location	Just returned from a three night stay. The above reviews are right on. The Hotel was clean and nicely designed. The elevators are a tad slow, but very nice and clean as well. The location is fantastic. It is about a block from the N and R lines and with a nice park at Madison Square Park. The complementary breakfast was really nice. Coffee was there every morning before 7, plenty of bagels, pastry, coffee and juice. There were lots of people, so we took it back to the room to eat. Our friends room was even larger, with three nice windows. The rooms were certainly large enough, nice view of the Statue of Liberty. Would stay here again. Yes the neighborhood is dead after dark, as it is a commercial area, but I never felt insecure and we walked alot. Great value!	
Oct 27 2004	a great hotel with a great staff	The Broadway Plaza was a wonderful place to stay. It was my first time to the city and I will definetly make reservations again for this hotel. The rooms were clean, the beds were confortable and we had a terrific view of the empire state building. The staff was very courteous and helpful. This hotel really has their act together!	
Oct 13 2004	Great place for budget travel	I stayed here with my husband and teenaged brother for four nights. I was impressed by the size of the room (all three of us were comfortable) and the bathroom was huge! The decor was nice and everything was very clean. The complimentary breakfast was adequate, but not terribly exciting. The desk staff was cheerful and helpful. They made sure that we had a private car to take us to the airport at a very reasonable rate. The neighborhood is mostly wholesale clothing stores, which close down at night. If you are afraid of non-white people, stay home. We felt perfectly safe at all hours, traveling on foot or by the nearby subways. Be sure to grab a slice from the pizzeria downstairs!	
Oct 13 2004	Couldn't have asked for better	As one of three females in New York for the first time I couldn't have been happier with this hotel. The rooms were very large, clean and with all the facilities you need. Who wants lots of TV channels, you're in New York. The breakfast was plentiful and fresh, and it was nice to have tea and coffee available 24 hrs. Room service is also very affordable and nice. The staff are always pleasant, we asked for a view of the empire state building and got it. The area may not be the most picturesque but it is in no way intimidating when quiet at night or during it's peak in the day. When I return to New York I will be booking back into this hotel.	
Oct 8 2004	great hotel great staff good location	We stayed here in July 04 and were very impressed with the friendly staff, especially the 2 doormen who would also deliver take out food to your door! At first glance, the surrounding area seemed shabby and a bit run down but this was only because of the cheap shops and market stalls on the street closing by 6pm. But you only have to walk approx. 2 minutes to find bars, restaurants and shops. During the day the area comes alive with market traders. Our room was very big and very clean (the towels and linen were changed every day). It also had air conditioning which was much appreciated being outside all day in 90 degrees heat! We will definitely go back to the Broadway Plaza	
Oct 7 2004	Nice hotel in a terrible neighborhood	The bad news first. This hotel is in an awful neighborhood. I visit New York every year and this area is much worse than you would normally expect. The streets are filthy and there are noisy street vendors and peddlers everywhere. Late in the evening, the area gets very quiet and rather spooky. On the plus side, the hotel room and bath were much nicer than I expected. Both were very clean with no problems. The room comes with air conditioning, a TV, a telephone, plenty of towels, a hairdryer, and an iron and ironing board. The continental breakfast each morning (coffee, juice, and pastries) is also nice. Because I am very familiar with New York, I would stay here again. For a first time visitor, the neighborhood might seem scary. Given the price, this is a good buy.	
Oct 1 2004	Marginal-a Bit Creepy	Broadway Plaza was below Par 9/27/04.-Strewn garbage on the street, looks creepy every night-Yellowed, rough, thin towels, bed very creaky, and hard.-Staff knows next to nothing about Internet Connection for the room. The web service never did work for 3 days.-Few TV channels, hotel wanted to &quot;sell&quot; you normal channel availibility like HGTV-an other standard channels.-Rental movies $14.00 plus tax etc.-Bathroom tub calking black, moldy,window edging raw and not even finished.-Bedspread and curtains needed cleaning, dark and drab colors too.Pay a little more and stay in a decent area.	
Sep 30 2004	Nice Place	My husband and I just came home this morning from staying at this Hotel. When we first drove up my husband did not like the area He was ready to go someplace else. We did go in and did spend 4 nights here. I have to say we were very pleased after we got inside. We were in room 904 and had a view of the Empire State Building. If you like to shop for wholesale items this is the place to stay. Lots of stores around the whole block. I spent my share in these stores. It was very Quite at night and not a lot of people walking up and down hall ways and making noise.	
Sep 27 2004	A great fair deal!!	This hotel totally worth the money!! (which might be an exception in NYC)!We are a young couple and liked our stay at the Broadway Plaza very much. The staff is kind and helpful, the rooms are huge, clean and quiet, the subway station is just a block away. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a fair and good deal and isn't eager for a fancy adress.The only thing we didn't like too much about the Broadway Plaza was the breakfast. The breakfast area is very small, too crowded and the food is so-so.Above it all - stay at Broadway Plaza, you'll have a good time.	
Aug 26 2004	Terrific place to stay	I was traveling to New York City with my family for a vacation and wanted to stay near the sites and enjoy all the city has to offer. I was apprehensive about picking a hotel and wanted to ensure I found a safe clean hotel for a reasonable price. I read the reviews on this site and chose the Broadway Plaza. It was an excellent choice! Everything they say on the reviews is true. You have to walk around the corner past the little desk to see the lobby, but the place is clean and the rooms are big. I asked for and received a room facing the Empire State Building which was a beautiful site at night! My room was big and the bathroom was first rate and clean. The hotel doesn’t have many rooms per floor which gives it an apartment building feel. The area is busy during the day and quite at night. You are close to 34th St. and have a subway station on the corner.If you are looking for a terrific hotel for a decent price with an excellent staff this is the place for you! Give the hotel a chance and you will enjoy yourself. I highly recommend the Broadway Plaza and will stay there again upon my return to New York City. I hope this review helps you as the reviews of others helped me make this wise choice!	
Aug 18 2004	LOVED IT!!!	This hotel was perfect. My friend and I went for 6 days in August, and thought the hotel was clean, safe, and in a great location in the middle of everything. The neighborhood's not dangerous, just deserted at night. Within walking distance from the subway, Times Square, etc. Cannot beat what you get for the price. Would gladly stay there again.	
Aug 9 2004	I would definitely stay there again!	I thought this was a great hotel for the money. It was close to everything. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful with giving directions. The room was nice, and it had an excellent view of the Empire State Building. I will definitely stay at the Broadway Plaza Hotel the next time I go to NYC.	
Aug 6 2004	We loved the place and the staff	My friend and I stayed there and were a touch unsure of the location initially (based on a couple of other reviews and being two women) however I have no reservations as all about recommending it. We had had a terrible experience in our previous hotel so asked to check in a couple of days early and these guys were wonderful to us. Good staff, wonderful large rooms (level 3 and 12), very clean and the location (once you get over how it appears come 10pm at night) was excellent. Once the night falls and businesses pack up and go home it did seem a bit out there with the roller doors pulled down however you are on Broadway, close to Madison Sq gardens, Empire State building, Macey's and Park Av. The location was really no worse than several of the hotels up in Times Square and in fact was quieter. This hotel location offers plenty of choice for buses and subways. Totally excellent !The staff were genuinely helpful. We loved it!	
Aug 5 2004	Great Value	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 5 nights in July - yes the area isn't fancy but definitely not unsafe and very interesting with some good bargains to be had. Hard to beat with the subway only a block away and easy access to any part of Manhattan. The rooms were very clean and comfortable and the staff friendly and helpful. We loved our view of the Empire State!	
Jul 27 2004	This is a dump	The hotel is situated in a bad area so everytime you come out of your hotel you are watching your back. It is very close to the main area and it is cheap. However we went to New York fo a week and it took away from the trip as the place is such a dive to return to. Pay the extra and enjoy a stay in a proper hotel. Better to have to walk 20 minutes then be in the centre of things in a hovel. The staff are very nice but as I say no girl will enjoy a stay here. BOOK SOME WHERE ELSE.	
Jul 11 2004	A great base	We stayed here for 10 nights in January 2003 and were extremely happy with our choice of hotel. This being our first trip to New York we had no idea what to expect - what areas were good or bad, what hotel was best for sightseeing or what was best value for money...the one overwhelming piece of advice that we did get though was 'whatever the bargain, do not stay at the Pennsylvania!' We settled on The Broadway Plaza mainly because they did a very good deal and although some were undecided most descriptions of the place claimed it was a 3* hotel (it now seems to be 2-3*). The staff were lovely from the start although the concierge and receptionist eyed us suspiciously when they noted we were staying there for 10 days - it was the middle of January after all, hardly peak season and more importantly it was unbelieveably cold. The rooms were a good size, the decor plain but it all seemed very clean and the cleanliness was maintained by staff daily. Breakfasts were not included in the price but every morning during our visit, coffee, bagels and pastries were laid out for guests in a small kitchen on one of the floors. (The hotel was previously an office block- hence the large rooms and kitchen area). There were also several vending machines in the building for jet lag-induced cravings in the middle of the night. The location was not, on first appearance, the most touristy or even safe looking but we quickly got used to it and had a good view of the Empire State from our bedroom. The location eventually worked in our favour. As it was fairly central we saved even more money and walked everywhere. Downtown to the Financial District takes no more than 30 minutes and following Broadway uptown to Times Square takes much less, we also walked from the hotel to a Knicks game and back at Madison Square Garden in 10 mins each way. When we did get the subway, it was right nextdoor. We couldn't have asked for more from our money. The Broadway Plaza is not flash or even tries to be but it does provide you with a more spacious and cheaper base than most to explore the magnificence of New York City. (One tip- for a full, hearty breakfast try the diner on the corner of 28th and 5th and gorge yourself on their delicious pancakes.)	
Jul 2 2004	Not Bad for the Money	As others have noted, the area is &quot;colorful&quot; - chock-a-block with street vendors during the day, and black plastic trash bags at night. However, the vendors are not insistent; a polite &quot;no thanks&quot; is all that's needed. These are not panhandlers! As for the hotel, the staff was very pleasant, and our room on the 11th floor was clean, quiet and boasted views from all four big windows of the Empire State Building. Quite impressive. The room furnishings were motel-standard, and the a/c worked very well. Next time I go to NYC I will probably try to find something in a sllightly more upscale environment, (maybe on a street with a couple of trees on it!), but the Broadway Plaza is a good value in my opinion.	
Jun 30 2004	Great little place!!	I stayed here from 10-15 June and was pleasantly surprised by it. The staff were very friendly and helpful toward us, the room was great and the location was ideal! Would definately recommend it!	
Jun 28 2004	Don't expect too much	Just stayed here last week after reading mostly glowing reviews on this site. I have to say that for the price I was disappointed. It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't worth $159 per night which is what we paid for two people in one room. As others have said, the lobby was without style...or daylight; the staff WAS friendly; and the location was convenient...though a bit seedy. The air conditioning was the noisy in-window type that never quite cooled the room enough even at the highest setting. Decor was bland. I think you can do better for this price.	
Jun 24 2004	Will Return!	This hotel was recommended my by sis-n-law. It's definitely a keeper! It is only steps from the subway and you can walk in either direction to good shopping and sites. It's like an average Days Inn (so, only 4 stars) but it's a very clean place and the location is superb! There's a pizzeria right next door! Outside our window was a neat view of the street life below. We will definitely return to Broadway!	
Jun 18 2004	What a Great Place!	What a great place! The neighborhood seemed a little dicey at first, but it's lively and crowded and very New York and very safe. My room was huge, immaculate, and quiet with great views and (more importantly) a great shower. The staff couldn't have been more helpful and friendly. The hotel is walking distance to anywhere - and do walk if you get the chance; it's the best way to experience the city - and if you can't walk to where you're going, the subway is only a block away. I'll definitely stay there again.	
May 27 2004	Nice Room	I found the hotel to be quite nice for $150. My room was rather big and clean. The neighborhood is not very scenic, but is safe and close to things. The one thing to note is that the lobby initially is very small and you need to walk to the end to see the registration desk.	
May 23 2004	Fantastic stay	Stayed May 17 &amp; 18, 2004. Booked online without having the luxury of seeing the place, so we were a bit taken back by it's initial appearance. I even called and tried to cancel my reservation because to be quite honest, we were a bit freaked out. The neighborhood was not what I expected and the lobby...well there wasn't really a lobby to speak of. However, the very courteous staff talked me out of cancelling by painting a little different picture of the neighborhood and I'm so glad. Our room was on the 13th floor and we didn't have any neighbors at all. The view was terrific...Empire State and Chrysler. But even better than those, the surrounding appartment buildings with their water towers and gigantic advertisements on the sides gave the flavor of an authentic NYC stay. We felt absolutely safe and loved our accomodations. Big room, granite (or marble?) floors, big bed. And all very clean. If you want the luxury touristy thing, book something in Times Square and pay a bunch of money. But if you want a clean, safe, close to everything authentic place to crash, this is it. I'll be coming back for sure. Email me for pictures.	
May 20 2004	Excellent Value!!	Like some other reviewers, my girlfriend and I initially thought 'where is the lobby?' Then we found it, just walk past the little desk around the corner and you find a big desk with smiling, friendly people manning it!When we got to our room, we were stunned. We booked a king sized bed and that was precisely what we got, plus a desk, dresser, private bathroom and table with chairs. Bigger than my loungeroom at home! We didn't get a good view, but who wants to spend time looking out a window?The only worry I had was that the showers next door could be heard at night. eh, a small problem. And the neighbourhood is fun. We walked all the way down Broadway in the middle of the night a felt fine. Give it a shot!!!	
May 12 2004	Fantastic Hotel!! Highly recommended	My two sisters and I recently spent three pleasant nights at the Broadway Plaza between 25.03.04 and 28.03.04. We arrived before the 3pm check-in time and the people at the front desk, after trying to get us into our room but being unable to, our bags were safely stored away, to be taken up to our room on our return. On coming back from sightseeing, we checked in and were pleasantly surprised that the room was very similar to what was shown in the brochure. The differences being there wasn't a bucket of champagne on ice or flowers in the bathroom - we clearly weren't bothered about that.The room was clean, tidy, very spacious and had a lovely view of The Empire State Building. There was an ice bucket, glass tumblers, rails to hang your clothes up on and a (working) large TV with cable. The porters were charming and extremely helpful (you can book tours and airport cars through them). Okay, 27th Street is not the nicest, but you are only about 2 blocks from Macy's and the area was as crowded as some of the other reviews led me to believe.Breakfast in the morning was great - bagels, donuts, muffins, danish pastries, coffee, apple and orange juice available to drink as well in the dinky little breakfast room if you don't wish to go back to your room to eat.The staff were always helpful and courteous and all in all, we couldn't have wished for more for the price we paid. I'd recommend the Broadway Plaza to anyone, in fact, if all goes to plan and I return to New York in 6 months time, I'll definitely book back in to the Broadway Plaza.	
May 12 2004	Great hotel	Would highly recommend this hotel. We stayed for a week April 26th - May 3rd this year and had no problems. Room was really big and clean. We asked for a view of the Empire State building and got a great view from our room on the 11th floor. Several other reviewers have commented about the location. Pay no attention to this. Its by no means a fabulous area, but its completely safe. I live in East London and I felt safer there than I normally do at home. It just looks a bit rough because most of the surrounding stores are wholesalers, who close up at 6pm, leaving the area to feel a bit of a deserted. However, walk 5 mins uptown or downtown and there are loads of places to eat, shop etc. 5th Ave is 2 mins away and you can walk to Macy's, Penn Station or Empire State building in about 5 mins. The subway is one block away (1 min away). If pressed, the only thing I would complain about is the elevator/lift. They have two, but only one goes completely from the basement to the top floor, so it was always busy, resulting in us having to wait a few minutes the majority of the time we wanted it.	
May 11 2004	Unbelievable view from Room 802	We were a little taken aback by the lobby: little more than a desk and a narrow corridor leading to the elevators. However, we were greeted warmly. The room was tiny, but immaculate and very comfortable, with windows that open and the most amazing view of the Empire State Building in the entire city. My only misgiving is the neighborhood. While only a few blocks from livelier and more tourist- friendly blocks, the hotel is surrounded by warehouses and sweatshops. Consequently the neighborhood was quite dead after dusk, without nearby restaurants or bars.	
May 4 2004	Great hotel	Stayed 14-18 April 2004. All the good things said previously about this hotel are true - my 15 year old son and I had an exceptionally large, clean room with an unhindered view of the ESB. This was our first trip to NY so it was brilliant to come back every evening and see this building lit in all its glory from the comfort of our own room! The complimentary breakfast was a big hit with my son - fresh donuts, muffins, bagels, danish and orange juice on tap. The staff were also exceptional - especially the doorman who always asked about our day and gave us tips on sightseeing every time we returned in the evening. The area LOOKS rough, but safe - we walked in every direction from the hotel, day and night. We will definitely use this hotel again - roll on our next visit to this brilliant, vibrant city	
Apr 23 2004	great place!	We loved it! After reading some of the negative reviews on this site (almost all from Americans) and also the positive ones (almost all from British/Scottish/Irish folks) I was a little worried... but the hotel was great!! It was in a perfect location - about a 5-10 minute subway ride from both downtown and Central Park area! Also only about a $5 cab ride from each! Staff was great - very helpful with luggage, parking, etc and the room was very nice. Also very quiet. If you're afraid of people, especially people who are not caucasian, you might not like it. But if you're at all open minded, there's nothing not to like about this place.	
Apr 17 2004	We were very pleased	We stayed here for 4 nights from the 29th March,we too were a bit apprehensive about some of the negative comments(all from Americans),but we were very pleased with everything from our room,well not entirely as we paid for a junior suite and we were only on floor 4,so no view, but it didnt bother us, we had a huge room,infact part of it was wasted we had a sette and chairs ect we didnt use at all,we had another table and chairs which we used when we had those great bagels and muffins for breakfast. We didnt feel scared or anything ref the area, and agree it may add true New York experience!!!I dont think you will find any where where you dont see rubbish getting put out ect. If we were ever back in New York we would come back here,our room was spotless,huge,and a very good size bathroom.Will certainly recommend it to any friends who may be going there in the future	
Apr 16 2004	Don't believe the negative reviews!!	Stayed for 7 nights from March 26th. We asked for a room with a view, and got one (1104) - we could see the Empire State from the bath! Bathroom huge; it was about the size of the whole room when I stayed at the &quot;Habitat&quot;. Clean, big bedroom, staff were overly helpful, it was hard to miss the hotel - when travelling down Broadway there's a huge billboard on the side of the building. Ok, there are boxes and rubbish on the road at night, but its not exactly imtimidating, or at least me and my Mum didn't think so; if anything it was amusing to watch the men pushing boxes around on the street from the room. The subway is a block away, and if you take the car, we could see into the parking lot from our room. Breakfast never ran out, we found it easier to take it back up to the room. Having hot drinks on tap also made a welcome change! Although the reception looks small, it made sure that the receptionists could see everyone who was going in or out of the hotel, and stop anyone 'dodgy' looking. We did start to wonder exactly what people were expecting with their rooms, or for the money they pay, but if you want to spend your time in NY stuck in a hotel room, go to the Hilton or such like, but if its a budget hotel with large rooms, then this hotel is perfect.	
Apr 10 2004	irish shoppers delight	Stayed in the Broadway plaza for 5 nights from March 29th. The room way on the 10th floor. It had everything a weary shopper could need. Spacious, large bathroom, great views of the empire state. The area seemed slightly dodgey on first impressions but if you walk around you will find that the people are very friendly. There is a great deli on 5th and 28th that we only found on the last day..be sure to visit. All in all a lovely hotel with curteous, friendly staff. We'll be back!	
Mar 30 2004	Stay somewhere else	For this price, I think you can definitely find a better hotel. The pictures on their site are a bit deceiving. The bathroom is so tiny that two people would not be able to stand in there. There is no closet to hang your clothes, no lobby--everything is sooo narrow, you felt claustrophic. On top of that, the location is absolutely horrible. We didn't even feel safe walking around at 8 p.m. to get food. The area is dark and scary at night with trash piled everywhere. However, I must say, the staff was very friendly and courteous. They helped us with our baggage as well as helped get us a taxi any time we needed one.	
Mar 30 2004	Great Hotel	Don't be put off by other comments about this hotel. I have just stayed there for 4 nights and it was fine; room was big and clean, service good and breakfasts basic but plenty of bagels to start the day going. It is true the area around the hotel is a bit dodgy but as two young single females we had no hassle. The hotel is a few blocks from the Empire State building, a ten minute walk to Times Square and Madison Square Gardens and the subway is only a block away. For the money you won't get much better.	
Mar 29 2004	looks can deceive	The entrance to this hotel can be easily missed and the tiny lobby area will give you the feeling that you have made a terrible mistake when you first check in.But do not despair as the actual rooms are quite large and are vrey clean. I admit that I might have been lucky with my room(1203) but I had a great view of the empire state building that was lit up all in green on St Patricks night.I found the staff most helpful at all times and was asked if I had any problems even if I found myself travelling in the elevator with a member of staff. The area leaves alot to be desired,especialy at night but I never felt threatened and the subway was only a few yards away on the next corner. I was never bothered by the daytime stall holders and in fact it gave the feeling that i was seeing part of the real new york. The only thing to fear from this hotel is the pounds you will put on,eating those wonderful doughnuts at breakfast. One more foot note,let the hotel book you a car when you return to the airport($45+toll+tip). It will save you a lot of money by not being stuck in a traffic jam on the freeway with the meter running in a taxi. You might even get a Cadilac like we did.	
Mar 17 2004	Area is not desirable		
Feb 22 2004	Highly Recommended		
Feb 18 2004	stay somewhere else		
Jan 20 2004	a great new york experience		
Jan 16 2004	Don't believe the hype!		
Nov 13 2003	Top marks to the Broadway Plaza!		
Sep 17 2003	Great Hotel		
Sep 15 2003	We Love NYC !		
Aug 3 2003	Trust me! Broadway Plaza Hotel is worth it!!		
Jun 2 2003	A Wonderful Suprise		
Jun 2 2003	ottimo! lo consigliamo a tutti!		
Sep 23 2009 	c è di meglio..		
Aug 23 2009 	Très bonne adresse à New York		
Jul 29 2009 	Très bien		
Jun 29 2009 	valutazione broadway plaza		
Apr 29 2009 	A recommander. tres bon rapport qualite prix		
Dec 18 2008 	Molto piacevole		
Oct 20 2008 	Très bon hôtel		
Oct 15 2008 	Centrale pulito e... con colazione!!!		
Sep 17 2008 	Très bon hôtel		
Aug 15 2008 	Très bon hôtel		
Aug 5 2008	Il Broadway Plaza di New York		
Jul 5 2008 	Très bon hôtel		
May 23 2008 	bon compromis et tres bon rapport qualité prix		
Mar 24 2008 	Excellent séjour		
Feb 29 2008 	Ve lo consigliamo		
Sep 17 2007 	Ottimo hotel OK		
Sep 13 2007	Rapporto qualità/prezzo ottimo		
Aug 24 2007 	Dans le quartier des grossistes !		
Apr 3 2007 	überraschend gut		
