	I LOVE SOHO GRAND HOTEL!!! ;)	Hello there,I stayed at Soho Grand one time but it was a fantastic experience. The room was very noisy the first day so I asked to change the room and they gave me one at the 15th floor with great views. All staff was very nice and helpful so I left good tips ;) I am going back in January and have booked it again there.Relation quality - price: Excellent.	
Nov 21 2009 	Nice hotel but beware the waitresses with 'attitude'	We stayed at the SoHo Grand for 3 nights. The hotel is well located for both downtown and midtown and various subway lines are close by. Overall the hotel lived up to expectations and we had a good stay. Just a couple of things which caused us some annoyance. Despite booking a deluxe king room which was advertised as being on the 8th floor or above, they tried to give us a room on the 4th floor with no reduction. After an hours wait in the bar they sorted out a room on the 16th floor which was fine. On the Saturday evening we bought a bottle of wine at the bar and then went to sit at a table (unreserved). After a few minutes a waitress came over and demanded to know where we had got the bottle of wine from, even though the bar was only six feet away. She then told us that all tables were reserved 'by the host' and we would have to move. Pointing out that we were in fact residents and had bought the bottle of wine ($58) from the bar made no difference. We stood at the bar and drunk our bottle whilst watching other people being subjected to the same attitude if they dared to sit down.	
Nov 3 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE	The actual hotel is great, however, we left a phone while we changing rooms due to it being very very noisy outside - the hotel kindly changed us to a room on the other side of the hotel which was a lot quieter. The phone was left charging for 5 minutes and when we called the hotel to get the phone they didn't call us back for a few hours then it was missing. Obviously stolen. The hotel have denied that it was stolen and have only reimbursed us the sum of the phone. This is my partners work phone and he lost a great deal of business from having the phone stolen. This matter was very poorly managed by the hotel and the customer service and chasing up of the matter was not what we expected from a hotel of this calibre.	
Oct 23 2009 	Gone to the Dogs	I have stayed at the Soho Grand for approximately 6-years but after my last visit I won't be going back. Although the lobby bar and restaurant are great, and most of the staff are wonderful, my last experience was so disturbing I can't risk going back! Unfortunately my room, in particular the bed linen, was so dirty that it was a health hazzard.. The duvet was stained, and when I reached for the bed-side phone to call for help, I encountered an incredibly filthy bedside table. All-in-all a very disgusting experience and the hotel is definitely not to be recommended.	
Oct 20 2009 	Nice location -- but...	If you want to enjoy Soho, great location. Rooms are very small. Price is high. And am coming off of two service flubs. First -- while tv is not the main thing, while on business I need to catch up on the news, and the cable wasn't working in my room. Front desk said they would send someone up. After 40 minutes, nobody came, so I gave up and went to bed. Then in the morning, had an early train to catch. Breakfast was supposed to be served at 6 a.m. Went down there at 6:15 a.m. and no waiters on hand. One of the busboys offered to give me some coffee while I waited. It was cold. Had time concerns and finally gave up. When I checked out at 7 -- looked very nice, but by then, I needed to go catch a train.It's sometimes the smaller things that convince a customer not to go back!	
Oct 19 2009 	convenience at the right price	I stay at either the Soho Grand or Tribeca Grand on almost every visit to New York. I must have stayed over 80 nights in the past 2 years. I have read some of the negative reviews. Yes, Its not faultless, but its a great place to stay, the staff are great, the food and bar great and its far less expensive than most of the luxury hotels in NYC.	
Oct 12 2009 	Getting a little rough around the edges	I've stayed in this hotel alot over the years and have mixed service each time. I love the lobby and you can't beat the location, but the rooms have become a little grubby, and the service is often lazy and snooty. I've started to stay at 60 Thompson and Thompson LES instead. These hotels have less character, but the staff are much friendlier.	
Sep 30 2009 	It's my favourite in New York	Just back from a 5 day business trip in New York and London. The Soho Grand is just GRAND on a cool street with SO helpful staff. If you like the Soho, Wall Street and bohemian life in the village it뭩 the only place to stay - although not cheap worth every dollar As a grand guest you even get a gold fish for company!. The bar buzzes in the evening and the rooms are great. Get one with a city view!	
Sep 17 2009 	Great Location and stylish	My wife and I noticed alot of reviews stating that the staff was rude or complacent. I was expecting a &quot;too cool for you, wannabee uptown attitude&quot;. Everyone I spoke with was very pleasant, helpful and gracious that was working in the hotel. We loved the location and the decor was very nice. Great atmosphere.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great Hotel!!!	Really good hotel, location, staff, food etc.Only concern i have is the ugly carpet on the floors outside hotelroom in doorhall, the rom is not luxury rooms, but they are ok.	
Sep 5 2009 	Great location good hotel	The New York office of my company recently moved to the Soho area, so this was my first time staying in Soho. I chose the Soho Grand because it seemed to be the nicest hotel close to work, but yet most reasonably priced.Upon arrival you must walk up about 6 to 8 stairs to reach the ground floor lobby area. No one was available to help me carry my bag up these stairs. Keep walking straight ahead to the elevators and go up one floor to reach the reception lobby area. Check in was fast and the man who waited on me was very nice. I thought the room size was fine. No, it's not big, but this is New York. The bed and bedding were very comfortable; the towels were nice. The bathroom was fine. All was clean. The Malin + Goetz toiletries were nice. There is a stocked mini-fridge. I didn't hear any room-to-room noise. The neighborhood is great. Tons of restaurants and shopping.My only complaints: you can hear the street and bar noise below but it's generally not too bad. The hairdryer in my room (1233) would only run for less than a minute before shutting off. I had to put it on top of the a/c and then resume drying. The water from the shower came out at a weird angle, hitting me about shoulder level -- and I'm only 5'4&quot;. This shower might be a problem for someone taller.I do plan to stay here whenever I'm in NY for business.	
Sep 3 2009 	Love The Soho Grand	Okay, from the moment you walk in the door you know you have made the right choice.The hotel is ultra hip and the staff was fabulous. We travel a lot and we were not expecting how cool this hotel actually is. We started our night out in the city early and came back after dinner and chilled in the lounge until 2:00am. The music was SO great and we had so much fun in the lounge that we actually left the lounge when it was closed and went dancing until 5:30am! We had a great time at Soho Grand. We will definitely be back!	
Sep 2 2009 	We loved it	Location great - Staff very helpful - Quiet (there was a wedding in the hotel that night) Clean Comfortable Can't wait to go back	
Sep 2 2009 	Stay at the Tribeca Grand instead	This hotel is in a location and is really cool place, however the attitude of some of the staff is a disgrace. The lounge seats are often reserved and so after a busy day, if you want to sit and chill for a bit you often cant, and to make it worse when you ask the staff in the lounge they look at you as though you just spat in their face.I have previously stayed in the Tribeca Grand, their sister hotel, which has been fantastic. It is only a few minutes walk away to the south. Stay there instead.	
Aug 23 2009 	Very nice	Everything you need: comfort, clean, high tech and good location	
Aug 23 2009 	Good location but missing something	Situated basically right in SOHO, you can't go wrong with the location. That being said, the rooms are small, the service isn't fantastic and there just seems to be something missing. I would probably go back if there was nothing else available, but this isn't the kind of place where you say 'we have to go back there'. not sure how else to put it, but it was missing something.	
Aug 21 2009 	What a disappointment	Yes, it's got a hip reputation, but it's glory days are clearly over: 1.Reported light broken upon check in. Five nights later, it still wasn't fixed. 2.Bfast service in restaurant was GLACIAL. Plus they have the nerve to automatically add 20% tip for a single diner. In the restaurant, not room service! 3.Newspaper finally showed up 3 mornings in to my stay. 4.Only one window (of 2) in room would open. 5.picture on TV was awful 6.no a/c in the hallways 7. a/c unit in room sounded ancient--very noisy. 8.single stairmaster in the gym is clunky/has seen better days. I stayed here because it's so close to my office but for these rates there are much better options in the area, including a simple Hamptons Inn and Hilton Garden Inn, both of which are brand new.	
Aug 17 2009 	Love Soho and The Soho Grand	This place is great. Perfect location if you are driving from the south as it is 2 minutes from the Holland tunnell. The whole place has a very casual vibe and the staff is very nice. The bar is also very nice and surprisingly quiet. Every time we stay there we feel like we are the only guests there even when it's full. This is the only place to stay in my opinion. Not super fancy but right on.	
Aug 12 2009 	Can't Beat the Location	We arrived on a redeye at 7 a.m. and were immediately allowed to check in to our room (no waiting 'till 3 pm) - that's service. Doormen were always very friendly. One of the bellguy's gave us some good recommendations about nearby bars to check out. Room, of course, was tiny, but that is a given. The first night the sheets smelled of smoke, but that seemed to go away (maybe we just got used to it). There was a slight musty smell to the room and bathroom, but it didn't bother us too much. Bathroom counter space is non-existent and it is definitely a chore for two people to try to get ready at the same time. Also, ladies, beware: the lighting is horrible for doing makeup. They might consider installing some high quality lighted mirrors. We did not eat at the hotel or visit the bar -- too many other places to see! Can't beat the location - which is really what you are paying for. Wifi is spotty. Check out was a breeze - there was a small phone charge on our bill (which was not ours) and the lady took care of it without the slightest hesitation. Bags were stored for us while we walked around the city for a few more hours. No hassles. Overall, a great trip.	
Jul 28 2009 	friendly hotel	Rooms are fairly small, but the overall ambience is great - nice bar, good business centre, and the staff are all very helpful. Lots of good restaurants around.Wireless internet is a bit slow.	
Jun 15 2009 	Don't Stay Here...	It was over priced for such a small room. The food was ok, but over priced. We had trouble checking in because they couldn't find us in the system. We saved room with credit card, but paid cash, and they still haven't given us our money back on credit card. The air didn't work in the room. The whole place has a funk smell to it. The staff were nice though.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great location - trendy hotel!	My husband and I spent one night at the Soho Grand celebrating our first wedding anniversary. We booked a Romantic Weekend package that included a bottle of champagne, chocolate, strawberries, breakfast in bed and a nice corner suite. The service was great and we got a complimentary drink in the bar as they missed giving us our glass of champagne upon arrival. The only bad thing was the extra charge fof 11 dollars for the wi-fi internet.	
May 28 2009 	Great Location - No Bargain	We stayed at the Grand for a combined 3 night business/leisure trip. The location is perfect for exploring SoHo and the surrounding area. The area is perfect for shopping - there are a ton of boutique shops and trendy stores all around. I've stayed in a lot of NYC hotels rooms and the room at the SoHO Grand was definitely a lot smaller than most. The shower was a bit grungy and not up to par with other hotels in this price range ~ water pressure was almost non existent. The room was clean and the bed was exceptionally comfortable. Our television did not work properly for the first 1.5 days due to private codes on the clicker - the hotel couldn't even figure everything out. The gym was adequate with 3 treadmills, 1 bike, 1 elliptical and some free weights. Overall, this is an &quot;ok&quot; hotel - my guess it that there are better deals out there.	
May 19 2009 	Great if you want to pay a lot for a closet	The only good thing about this hotel is location. Otherwise, the rooms are small, it's loud, it's filled with stupid hipsters and it's way, way over priced. We asked for a quite room so they decided to put near the pantry where the free coffee is (that's right -- a &quot;four star&quot; hotel without coffee in the room) so every morning you'd hear dozens of slamming doors. The hotel was sold out during the weekend so there was no moving.The bed was tiny, the room was crappy -- it wasn't even well decorated. The bottom line find another hotel if you want a good time in NYC.	
May 16 2009 	This is a huge hotel	I love the hotel- we had a beautiful suite-incredible design and quite comfortable. The staff was friendly and professional. . Location was great- soho, little italy, china town. I would recommend the hotel.	
Apr 28 2009 	Another Solid Stay	This was our 4th stay at the Soho Grand over the past 2 years. The location cannot be beat and the rooms have always been more than adequate. The service has always been excellent. We would not hesitate to come back.	
Apr 23 2009 	Loved the Soho Grand	We just returned from a week in New York, where we stayed at the Soho Grand hotel. We loved the location! It's a very edgy, hip hotel, with a great lobby bar area. The lobby was busy all the time, people coming and going, meeting friends, etc. The food is good, and light meals are available at least until midnight. The room was very comfortable, although small, and amenities were excellent. The staff is unsurpassed! Excellent service, alot of attention, helpful, as pleasant as can be. The location is perfect. Two subway stations - one around the corner, one a few blocks away. And there are always taxi's available in front. Concierge couldn't have been more helpful, and very well informed. Breakfast at the hotel is terrific, and we also went to Pain Quotidien, about 3 blocks away. We have been to their location in ABC Carpet and Home, and have always loved it. The Soho outpost is just as good. Many great restaurants nearby. Walk to Greenwich Village, lower east side, Tribeca (film festival one block away). Wonderful 5 days!	
Apr 19 2009 	Past its glory days	When at the Soho Grand, it's not hard to imagine what an exciting and hip place it must have been when it first opened. The common spaces (lounge and bar) are still beautiful. However, the rooms and interiors are due for updating.Pros:* Decent Soho location* Good bar area* 24 hour gym* Overall a sophisticated ambianceCons:* Small rooms, not atypical of NYC but less tolerable since rooms also dated. Bathrooms in particular could be upgraded.* Slow wireless access (at times not working). Perhaps their typical leisure guest does not care much about this.Overall, I would suggest checking prices of other options before committing to this hotel.	
Apr 11 2009 	Excellent Stay	Very lean rooms, big-for-NY, amazing location. The bed was very comfortable. Free wireless Internet.	
Mar 30 2009 	Long in the day faded Glory	I remember when the Soho Grand first opened in the 1990s. It was a super trendy spot where media and entertainment types stayed when visiting NYC. It was the first cool hotel to open downtown. The bar buzzed at night, power breakfasts happened in the lobby, and actors on junkets demanded to stay there.But since then, a variety of hotel options have opened below 14th Street -- The Bowery, The Tribeca Grand, The Mercer, and more. And the Soho Grand has not been updated since it opened. I stayed there recently while in town on business, and moved out after one night.The location is good -- at the intersection of Soho, Chinatown, and Tribeca. But not as good as the above mentioned hotels which are in the middle of neighborhoods, not on the fringes.The rooms are tiny. And when it first opened, you could forgive this as it was truly the only option downtown. But now there are more options with spacious rooms.All the above would be OK if the owners had kept up the hotel. And the lobby is still in good condition (although the decor is dated.) But the rooms are dumps. Mine smelled like cigarette smoke. I was assured by the management that the room had always been non-smoking, but it was clear that a lot of people had smoked in it -- and the carpet/vents hadn't been replaced in ages. With the AC off, the smell of stale smoke held in the air. The AC unit itself was very noisy and uneven. The windows were filthy. The TV (flatscreen) got fuzzy reception as if the cable was illegal. The sheets were scratchy. (Come on, people, even the W hotels have high thread count sheets these days.) The mattress was old, worn, and sunk in towards the middle. I had a restless night's sleep in a sunken bed with scratchy sheets and a loud AC. Woke with a neckache and stuffy nose from the smoke smell. My co-worker who was staying in another room said to me &quot;What in the world happened to this place?&quot; He had the same experience.I moved in with a friend for the next night.It felt like the management knows it can't compete with all the nicer hotels that have opened so aren't putting money into the place. Judging from all the Euros on a holiday in the lobby, this is a package hotel. No more cool actors or models here. Our rate was good for NY --$225 a night -- but the room was the same as if we had stayed at Chinatown Holiday Inn.The owners can't improve on the room size but they could: Rip out the old carpets and put wood flooring in the rooms, wash the windows (interior and exterior), brighten up the rooms, upgrade the AC units, get new mattresses and sheets and fumigate.Service was good. Bathrooms were nice and calm (they should used the bathroom as an example of how to make a small space feel comfortable).	
Mar 17 2009 	Poor housekeeping...and watch the mini bar	This hotel is OK if you can get a good discount but not if you pay the rack rate. The location is excellent if you like the seedy fringe of Soho next to China Town (which I do), but not if you need to be in mid town for an early meeting or are nervous about the dingier parts of Manhattan. The rooms are small and comfortable but the housekeeping is consistently poor. The lobby and hallways are grimy and in need of refurbishment. On a recent stay the cleaner removed the soap and the toilet paper and two light bulbs, and did not replace them. On another occasion, the television remote control was missing and a replacement never arrived. After my last stay there mini bar charges were incorrecttly added to my credit card one week after I had left. I never use hotel mini bars but when I contacted the hotel they refused to reverse the charges and I eventually gave up trying to do anything about them.	
Mar 14 2009 	Amazing Stay.	I stayed at the Grand Soho Hotel during a very busy night, Valentines day. The location is pretty good, about two blocks away from a major subway terminal (Canal Street). The hotel is situated by a very busy area, however the entrance is on a less populated block. There are 24 hour restaurants in the China Town area and a 24 hour Deli directly across the street from the entrance. The employees are all REALLY nice, they never came off as &quot;snotty&quot;. Upon check-in all guests received free champagne, they filled our cups to the top... NICE. The rooms are very clean, the bathrooms have nice artistic wallpaper and are designed nicely. The tub is larger than standard size. The shower has some great water pressure, a feature adjustable. The beds are very soft and easy to sleep in. The beds are Queens size, my boyfriend is 6'2 and had no problems sleeping in it, his feet were not hanging out, etc. Their television is a bit out dated, however it has cable and you can watch DVDs (if you bring your own - the player is free to use). The mini bar is a bit expensive, I would recommend to go across the street and purchase whatever you need. The rooms are very quiet as well, on a busy day I expected to hear lots of noise.... but I was left undisturbed. The hotel has multiple elevators, I never waited more than a minute to use them. Pets are also allowed in the hotel, which is very obvious from the artwork to the pet food on the menu. There is also a machine on every floor that disburses free coffee, tea, hot chocolate, ice and water. Overall this was an excellent experience.	
Mar 3 2009 	Friendly staff and great views if you get the right room	I had two rooms during my split stay, one was luckily north facing and on the 16th floor enabling me to see the Chrysler Building and the Rockefeller Centre. Absolutely stunning at night...The service was great and the rooms and hotel averall are modern, stylish and clean. THe downside is that this all comes at a cost. Breakfast for two as room service will set you back at least $70, but having stayed elsewhere in New York then it's worth the extra if you can afford it. The location is superb too.	
Feb 3 2009 	Great location for dining and shopping	Stayed at S.G. last weekend, loved the restaurants on corner - Ate at Lusso, and had a great time. Shopped up and down West Broadway then over to Broadway. Eveerything was close by, and the doormen at S.G. were very helpful..	
Jan 29 2009 	Great looking and a good location but nothing else	We stayed at the Soho Grand for a weekend away and it is very aesthetically pleasing, but that is pretty much all I can say. The staff seemed like they were doing me a favor versus actually providing customer service. The rooms were nicely appointed, but small and the bathrooms were very small. Plus, there was absolutely no counter top, which I can't stand in a hotel. I found the price reasonable as compared to any other hotel in the city. It is in a great neighborhood, but I was just expecting more. The $8 beer we got from the mini-fridge was completely flat and we could not get the room service folks to understand that we felt owed a new beer.	
Jan 27 2009 	Best Stay in New York in 25 years	Agonised over where to stay for nine nights in NYC. Have been there every couple of years since 1985. Have never been treated as well in a New York Hotel as we were at the Soho Grand. Surprising for an establishment frequented by the odd celebrity but never for a moment felt anything other than genuinely cared for by great people. Smallish King bed room for two people for nine nights but very good use of space made it absolutely fine. And overall tremendous value for money. Seriously impressive place and people.	
Jan 12 2009	Perfect weekend getaway!	My husband picked the Soho Grand because of it's great location, which was all that really mattered to me initially, but my stay was one pleasant surprise after another.Our room was part of a &quot;Seduction in Soho&quot; package, so we were offered champagne upon arrival, which was nice. But the real treat was the staff. I kept thinking that someone had informed them it was our anniversary because everywhere I turned, someone was being warm and helpful (and not in the annoying overbearing way I find in some of the places I visit in the city). It turns out, that's just the way they are. Thanks to all of them, every transition was smooth, I got everything I needed, got great directions easily, was introduced to my new favorite dessert (warm berry crisp with ice cream) and enjoyed a worry-free, relaxing weekend. I'm generally more a fan of the raw and gritty NYC and often choose to stay in hotels like the Chelsea Hotel to avoid too much of the trendy and &quot;sceney&quot;, but this was just right. Comfort, culture, colorful people. And I found the lounge a great place to take it all in. We stayed in room 1606 with a great skyline view, featuring the Empire State Building. Rose petals and chocolates were a nice touch and our package also treated us to cocktails in the lounge (they have some great ones!) and a nice breakfast (in-room service if you like). Comfortable beds, good bathroom lighting and a &quot;skinny&quot; full-length mirror were some other room features that kept me in good spirits.Based on this stay, we've decided to make the Soho Grand our new NYC headquarters. We'll be back soon.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	Stayed at the SoHo Grand on my 3rd visit to New York and loved it. I had worried from reviews that it may be a bit pretentious but the staff were very friendly and I felt very comfortable there. The location is brilliant, with designer shops all around, great breakfast bars and restaurants, and walking distance down to Chinatown, Little Italy, the Financial District and Staten Island ferry. Loved my stay here, would stay there again and definitely recommend it.	
Jan 4 2009 	soho grand	really a very nice hotel, design and decor was great. The rooms are a bit small but very nice in forniture and the linen are FANTASTIC. Only a problem during the stay we wait 45 minutes for someone that pick up our luggages from the room...	
Dec 30 2008 	Love at first sight....	Walked by Soho Grand at my first visit back in 2006 and had a sneek peek in the lobby and told my self that at the next visit to New York I was definately going to stay here. Arrived early one sunday morning in October and got my room immidiately, not the biggest room that i have ever stayed in but the view was definately the best that i have ever had.A swift and very curtious checkin, great consierge desk and the porters and doormen were always very attentive. Loved the design, some reviews say that it큦 starting to get run down I say It큦 a design that only becomes more beautiful with age, I belive that it adds to the great character of the Hotel, even though it큦 only 10 years old It has that comfortable, stable feel, like sitting at your grandparents, it might not be the latest design but it큦 &quot;homey&quot;.My only concern is actually the lounge it looked nice but the seating was horrible, also I think that if you reccommend a bottle of wine to a party of 8 you make sure that you have more than one bottle of it and also when you then reccomend your next bottle, the house wine, it should not be twice as expensive as the first bottle. Just very strange and not very customer friendly. And as a Swede that loves his breakfast the Grand Continental breakfast was a joke, 4 cokkies a croissant and some jam.... please.... but maybe thats just me. Loved it and will definately stay again, a great hotel. Almost forgot to mention that Housekeeping was great as well, very good cleaning of the room.	
Nov 17 2008 	hotel interior looking a little tired	our second time staying at the Grand, Dec. '05 was are first and we loved the comfort of the room. This time i found that the hallways were looking a litle worn. Excellent staff, an very friendly. Expedia rated the hotel a 4 star, i would say 31/2. having to travel to NYC every month on business, i take advantage of all the Hotels in the city to compare one to the other. Overall, The &quot;Grand&quot; is not so grand, but i hope they read this and seriously take a look at the halls.	
Nov 13 2008	classic gotham	Hotel prices in Manhattan seem to have been going up quite steadily, so I was happy to find a decent deal at the Soho Grand. if you're intending to spend time around Soho, the location is very good, on par with the likes of 60 Thompson. The atmosphere at the hotel is very dark and moody, in a nice way - the dimly lit interior has a very classic &quot;Gotham City&quot; type of feel to it. My room was small as expected, but quite convenient. nothing very notable, except that I was able to fit my hand half way through the gap under the room door. this means you can hear everything from the hallway clearly, thankfully the room was at the end of it though. One thing I was unpleased with was the wireless internet, which was unbearably slow and at times not working at all. I had to do some work on several evenings but was actually far better off hooking my cellphone to the laptop, as the wifi was completely jammed. Service on the other hand was friendly both at the door, where you could always find several bellhops opening doors and hailing cabs, as well as at the front desk.Overall I'd gladly recommend the hotel to anyone looking for a nice accomodation near Soho, but then again there are several other fairly similar options in the same price range, so it really depends on what kind of a price you're able to find.	
Nov 3 2008 	Awesome Design but a little worn 	I LOVE NEW YORK! I go a lot.. and I love staying in SoHo. For my fiance's birthday this year we wanted to go bak to NYC for a special weekend, but wanted to be sure to create new memories &amp; not tamper with the old, spectacular ones from the previous year. So... I booked the SoHo Grand thinking it would be a great location.. and has a good reputation with a fair price. Well- we walked in &amp; were immediately wow'ed by the vintage touches &amp; unique design. We were very impressed. We were given Champagne at check in &amp; the front staff was amazing to accomidate us while they finished preparing our roo (we were in by 10am.) When we got to our room, we found a typical NYC tiny hotel room. Not very impressive- but expected. So we trudgd on... soon after, the smell of cigarette smoke started to come into our room, and we all know that isn't allowed in NYC (*the floor was called Non Smoking). When we called the front desk &amp; they told me they couldn't handle my question, but someone would call me back. An hour &amp; A half later, no call back. We were leaving for dinner so I called again. Same thing-- no one could help me.... but they'd get back to me &amp; I made the kid promise me SOMEONE would call back. When we got back from dinner, our room was SUPER hot &amp; the smell of smoke was enough to keep us from falling asleep. Still no call back from a manager. The next morning I got up &amp; called again.. this time they said they would change our rooms for us &quot;No problem&quot;-- after 3 guest calls just to get someone to listen to me? I'd say there's a problem. The manager didn't apologize for the lazy response or offer any discount or any relief for the awful first night we spent @ their hotel. The next room was bigger &amp; the temperature was more comfortable. The mini bar was hot-- so they had to come &amp; change the whole thing out for a different one which took 45 minutes... and still out requested ammenities as prt of their &quot;Grand Guest&quot; program had not showed up (Ipod player, newspaper, pet fish fo the weekend... hey- they offered!) When we checked out on Sunday-- no mention again of the room change disruption or &quot;how was your stay?&quot; Just took my credit card &amp; said goodbye. When I asked to speak to the manager again about the lack of response to our uncomfortable stay-- she offered little more than the assurance that thir communication as a team was being addressed so it wouldn't happen again-- but nothing for us, the poor saps who endured it for the 2 nights we were in the city @ their hotel. When I got home-- it irritated me more &amp; more. The rooms were not cheap by any means... and frankly I have had much better service &amp; stays at other lower cost hotels in Manhattan. So-- I tried one more time to write a letter to the manager. I penned an email almost identical to this descripion just saying I am in the service industry &amp; if i heard any of my clients had received treatment like this-- I'd want to know about it and make it right with the customer. The manager called me &amp; left a message for me to return his call. I did so-- to get his voice mail. In the message, I stated clearly when I would be availble for him to reach me-- and of course-- NO CALL BACK&gt;I'm sorry but the SoHo Grand dropped the ball bigtime with me. I would not reccommend it to friends-- there are much more capable hotels for the money youwill spend at the SoHo Grand.	
Nov 2 2008 	Confused checkin Great Hotel	We arrived, checked in and made our way to our room (dragging our own bags as bellboys seemed thin on the ground). Arriving at the room we discovered a group of guests still inside.A phone call downstairs led to some confusion. Irritatingly they asked me to come downstairs rather than immediately coming to find us and remedy the situation.We were assigned and sent to find a new (upgraded) room, however this non-smoking room stank of stale smoke. We complained and were shown two more rooms. The final room neither smelt of smoke nor contained other guests and so we took it.Following this very protracted checkin we had a wonderful stay and enjoyed everything else about the hotel. Zoe the check-in manager was very helpful and genuinely sorry for the mixup.	
Nov 1 2008 	showering in bottled water..	That's right. I washed up with bottled water when I stayed at the Soho Grand...Granted, I may have some ridiculous standards when it comes to my hotel rooms (including functioning plumbing and a prompt and responsive staff). However, the Soho Grand certainly failed in providing these. During my stay on October 30, 2008, I woke up to get ready for an important client meeting when I discovered that the water coming out of the sink faucet was a murky brown color. Next, I tried the shower, only to find that the water there was also brownish in color.I promptly called the front desk, and they said that that someone would be up immediately to address the problem. After nearly 10 minutes and no response, I called back, and the staff again reassured me that someone would be up to address the situation. Again, after several minutes, I called the front desk asking to be transferred to another room so that I could shower. Now, the staff told me that this was neighborhood problem and nothing could be done to correct the problem. The staff then connected me to room service, who after explaining the situation, sent up four glass bottles of ice cold Saratoga water.I truly am grateful for the opportunity to shower with bottled water; however, the hotel staff clearly lacks an understand of how best to address such problems. First, if it is a neighborhood problem (and thus out of the hotel's control), please tell me that it is rather than telling me to waste my time waiting for maintenance. Second, if you are going to provide me with water to wash up, it may be better to send something that didn't come directly from the Arctics to my room.Overall, a very disappointing (and retrospectively hilarious) experience.	
Oct 18 2008 	Awesome quintissential New York great location	My husband and I stayed here for a few days during one of his work trips. It was my first trip to New York as an adult and the hotel was simply wonderful. Great architecture, great decor, loved the main bar, and the styilshness of the place. Our room was just right, and a good size for New York apparently. Lovely high bed, and good facilities in the room. The hotel is in a great location for exploring Manhattan, both north and south. We loved the shopping in Soho, a bit of something for everyone with some interesting art galleries, fashion, food etc.	
Oct 13 2008 	Fabulous Hotel!!	We booked this hotel through Lastminute.com for our honeymoon. After reading some reviews I emailed through to request a high level room. We were allocated a superb corner room on the 7th floor.We could not fault this hotel. Staff were unbelievably friendly - especially the doormen where nothing was beyond them. Always a friendly hello and goodbye. They were able to get taxi's at the drop of a hat and were very 'in the know'.The gentleman who was on duty in the bar/lounge area during our stay was brilliant. He knew all the places to go and gave great advice on local amenities. I'm only sorry I didnt take his name to write and let the hotel know (he was working on Tuesday &amp; Wednesday). The welcome we received was lovely and as it was our honeymoon we received a bottle of bubbly and some gorgeous strawberries to dip in a lovely jar of melted chocolate. It was a very thoughtful touch.The room wasnt huge (none are in New York) but it was immaculate and had all the facilities we needed (and some that were added bonuses!!) The bathroom was very cool and clean and the toiletries very nice indeed!Bathrobes provided, flat screen tv, dvd player, hairdryer were all included (as you'd expect) but they also provided an umbrella for your use while you were there - very cool (and thankfully not needed as the weather was amazing)A huge bowl of shiny red apples in the lobby ensured we got at least some vitamins while we were there!!All in all, if we are lucky enough to go back to New York, we would DEFINITELY stay here again and have no hesitation in recommending it to others.	
Oct 12 2008	Awful amenities terrible price gouging.	Where to begin? They short-changed me twice at checkout. They told me the I had deducted a $IOO deposit on my credit card when in fact they had deducted $150. When I complained they suddenly &quot;found&quot; the extra money. I paid for the amenties in cash, and they short-changed me yet again by $8 on a $36 dollar bill. They have yet to return my credit card deposit. The room-service bill was a total ripoff. They charged me a $5 delivery charge AND a mandatory tip. There was a space on the bill for &quot;additional&quot; tip. When I didn't add this additional tip, the room service man gave me a filthy look. There was a 40 watt bulb in the reading lamp next to the bed, not enough to read by. I called and asked for a stronger bulb, they said they didn't have any anywhere in the hotel. The TV was horrible. Terrible picture, and it was stuck on wide-screen which distorted everything and made all the people look fat.  I was booked for three nights, left after one night and slept on a friend's sofa instead.	
Aug 26 2008	Great Location. OK Hotel.	I recently had a 4 night stay in the Soho Grand. This was my third trip to New York and this time I wanted to stay in the Soho area. In my previous visits I stayed off Lexington Ave. The area of Soho was a much better place to stay with many shops, bars, restaurants and clubs within stumbling block from the hotel. I knew that New York hotels were expensive but we pushed the boat out a little further in order to get a luxurious, top class hotel in the Soho area. The Soho Grand can not put in this category. First impressions were good. Check-in was fast and the glass of champagne while checking in was a nice touch. When we arrived at the room we had to question if we were given the correct room type. We had paid for an upgrade. The room was small, which I expected. The bathroom was okay, but the only luxurious thing in there was the Malin + Goetz products. The curtains and Blackout blinds were worn with some tears. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean. The view was of a building site. We asked to change the room but, as the hotel was full the only thing that they could offer would be to take a downgrade ,with a better view, which was available the following day. We decided to stay as we were. The bar had a really good vibe to it but the prices are very expensive by any standards. We only used the concierge to obtain an area map so can not comment there but the Front door guys were always very welcoming and friendly. Overall, we enjoyed our weekend in New York and loved staying in the Soho area. I probably would not stay in the Soho Grand again. I think, for the money, there is much better quality out there.	
Aug 25 2008	WORST service - do NOT go	Soho grand has historically received horrible reviews, but during my multiple stays at this hotel, my experiences had never been that bad. HOWEVER, during my last stay here, I found the service to not only be terrible, but actually OFFENSIVE. Our reservation was messed up by an error made by their staff, but their solution was to have us pay for their mistake by reserving another room at full price. Then, the guest services person was so unbelievably rude, that I hung up with her and called 66 Thompson and Mercer Hotel to see if I could switch hotels late in the evening (unfortunately, they were both booked). Absolutely, under NO circumstances would I ever, ever recommend going to this hotel. Believe the rumors - they are TERRIBLE here!	
Aug 18 2008 	A stylish base for exploring New York but very poor value	As New York was the last stop on our round-the-world trip, we thought we would splash out on a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel recommended by Ypma's generally good Hip Hotels and decided to go for the SoHo Grand. Our overall experience was pretty good: staff friendly, efficient and helpful, the surroundings were nicely decorated and a haven from the sticky New York streets in June.However, the rooms were to be honest fairly small and with reasonable quality furnishings, but, having stayed in places like Hotel du Vin in the UK, were nothing to write home about.What made me rate this hotel as only &quot;Neutral/Average&quot; was the cost. Boy oh boy oh boy is this place expensive. For the money that they charge for everything, room, food, bar, even the minibar (especially the minibar), you seriously pay through the nose. It really is very poor value and I say this from the point of view of someone who lives and works in London, not known as one of the world's cheapest cities.The location is great with a lot of the attractions within easy walking distance (not to mention the excellent Dos Caminos mexican restaurant) and the hotel is comfortable, pleasant and - yes - pretty hip. Just don't expect to get many bangs for your buck.	
Aug 17 2008 	Disappointing but with a few stars...	I was very looking forward going to NY and staying at the Soho Grand. The hotel was disappointing and not was I was hoping for. It's not a luxury hotel, it's not a first class hotel... it's just a trendy hotel. The room was very small and very cold. We tried to close down for AC without success. There are a few stars in the room, like the overfilled minibar with several choices, the bathroom amenities, DVD-player, large flat screen and rustic furnitures. If you a staying for several nights - take the liberty and order a complimentary goldfish, it was funny and a nice touch. However - make sure they can take care of the fish. We had to call to get a efreshing water at the 3rd day.Things I was missing was a nice restaurant, breakfast buffet, the welcoming public areas, serivce -sometimes I felt the staff (concierge, bell boys and front office) very insignificant. Upon departure no one help us with the luggage, they just stand in the entrance hall and glaring. The breakfast alternatives by room service is ok but nothing special, a little bit boring. I would love a personal touch or something that gave you a &quot;wow&quot;. The location is great, next to SoHo shopping, Little Italy, China Town, WTC and everything. Next time I think I will try to stay at Starwood and their W hotel concept.	
Aug 4 2008 	Good Hotwire deal!	We booked a 4* downtown via Hotwire for $239. I could tell that we would get the SoHo Grand -- there are lots of websites that help you match the hotel to the neightborhood + amenities that Hotwire gives you. So, after checking out all the reviews on TripAdvisor, we decided to take a chance. Here's the bottom line: it's a good deal for a NYC hotel if you book it at $240 a night, but if you pay rack rate ($500+), you'd expect a lot more. The room is very small, but big enough to hold the bed, and dresser, and wardrobe (no closet, a travesty) -- but just barely. The bathroom was a decent size, but not a palace. We did have a queen bed with some awesome Frette linens, but the drapes and blackout blinds were in really sad shape (holey in places). The TV is an HD TV without cable or a HD converter for the over the air signal -- it's possibly the worst image quality I've ever seen in any TV of any kind. But you don't go to NY to watch tv (unless you're a guy)...It has a really good location. It's right next to the 1, 2 stop on Canal St, and just a 5 minute walk to the other Canal St station (6, N, J , Q), so you can go uptown to either the East side or West side really easily. It's also right between Tribeca and SoHo, so you get to be uber chic, or uber uber chic. Excellent noise insulation. We were on the 4th floor, facing Canal St and Tribeca, and we actually faced a club, but couldn't hear anything, which was amazing. The hotel is shaped like a T, so if you're at the base of the T, you might have some noise from the Holland Tunnel, which spits up a block away. If you are a partier, they have a faux-club in the lobby, complete with bouncers. It makes getting to your room a bit hairy at night as there are these big guys in black between you and the elevator who don't really believe that you're staying there (if you look like a grad student, like me). If you're on the 3rd floor, your room might be REALLY noisy because the club and the 3rd floor share an atrium -- there's no wall between them to hold out the noise. Which gets me to the staff. Cleaning staff = got the job done, beautifully. Front desk = efficient, professional, no unexpected charges. Concierge = I don't think they're from NYC because they didn't know some basic things about museums (I wanted to find the Cooper-Hewett Design Museum, which is part of the Smithsonian). The security thugs = for my own good, but really, do you need to be quite that rude? Overall, a great deal for NYC on short notice.	
Aug 4 2008 	Not what I hoped for	Let's start with a few positives before getting into why I recommend you stay elsewhere. We received exceptional service from the front desk, bell boys, front door greeters, etc. The location is fantastic and the lobby is pretty cool. However, that's where the good parts end.The NYC boutique/modern hotel market is very competitive. Soho Grande was one of the first....and it's showing. The decor of the rooms is very passe and dated. There is no closet - it's a section of the room partitioned off with partial/temporary walls (as is the mini bar). The room reeked of smoke but wasn't marked as a smoking room. Overall, you felt like you were staying at a generic chain hotel instead of someplace unique.The Soho Grande is quite expensive. You can do much better for your NYC dollars than this.	
Aug 3 2008	Overpriced and overvalued	I think that this hotel is too old to be posh, too dark to be nice and to expensive to be valuable. The area is fantastic of course for shopping, eating and watching people. But I don큧 understand why people get crazy about this hotel. It큦 just a hotel.	
Jul 30 2008 	Loved the SoHo Grand	Very nice property in the heart of Soho. the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. We will definitely return.	
Jul 25 2008 	Attidute and small rooms	A friend of mine who lives in New York recommended the Soho Grand for a long weekend stay.In hindsight, he probably enjoyed the night life there and thought the hotel would be as good but never actually experienced the Hotel itself. When I walked in I was impressed by the original architecture and decor. The space has a bit of a &quot;Blade Runner&quot; feel to it; decadent-hip-retro-modern if that makes any sense.The check-in process was efficient, the service was nonchalant.The shock came when I entered the room - it was tiny, the decor was out dated and the use of space was completely inefficient. There was not even a spot in the room where you could sit comfortably.The in-room safe was not functional.The bathroom was big enough, but the soap had a strong mint perfume which became overbearing after a while. The water pressure in the shower was good.The next morning there was no newspaper by the door. We went down for breakfast and asked for the morning paper at the front desk and for some reason they made us feel like we were bothering them.We had breakfast in the gorgeous living area by the lobby (the one you see on the web site). The food was good but the service was non-existent.After breakfast, we stopped by the front desk again and mentioned that the safe wasn뭪 working. They said they would send an 'engineer' right away to fix it, but that i had to be in the room for &quot;insurance reasons&quot;. After waiting in the room for 45 minutes and 2 calls later, no one had showed up so I gave up and decided to go out and start my day.We only stayed 2 of the planned 4 nights and moved to the Four Seasons hotel.We did enjoy the convenience of the Soho Grand's great location and we did enjoy the night life. However my general impression is that the staff at the Soho Grand doesn뭪 receive adequate training and doesn't know how deal with clients and solve simple problems without attitude.	
Jul 17 2008 	Fun weekend	Great hotel - my husband and I were unexpectedly in NYC for 4th of July weekend which is an &quot;off&quot; weekend for the city, but we had a great time. My flight was early and even though I arrived 3 hours before standard check-in time, the front desk let me in early - very accommodating. The room was really comfortable. Our floor's coffee/hot chocolate dispenser was just next door to our room which was very convenient. The bar was efficient - loved the couches in the lounge. I had some work to finish up the first afternoon, so went to the yard - it was great. The server was extremely helpful, not only with food, but he also brought me power for my laptop after a few hours. I basically had the place all to my self for the afternoon - although it filled up quickly after 4:00, when they open it up to the public.I agree with an earlier review - the guy out front each night was the best - he was totally helpful with all sorts of information and extremely friendly.This is in a great location - lots of fun shopping all around and v. convenient to subway.	
Jul 14 2008 	Soho Not So Grand Deja Vu	After reading the review from &quot;Soho Not So Grand&quot; I thought the guy that wrote it must have stayed with us. We had much the same expereince. The hotel overall is not guest friendly, is statring to look dated, the rooms are very small and the attitude - even for a so-called &quot;hip property&quot; is unaccepable, through the roof. In my opinion, hip is great if it can be backed up with across-the-board service and quality accomodations. The Soho Grand may have been all that a few years ago, but now it's just all flat. Just a few of our disapointments with the hotel on our recent stay.When we booked our room, I specifically told the reservationist that we were bringing our daughter down to the hotel to see the July 4th fireworks. Naturally my first concern was that we'd have a high floor room with a view toward the fireworks. No problem, assured the reservationist. There was a problem. Upon checking into the hotel they only had a higher floor room on the opposite corner of the hotel facing away from the fireworks. Note: After scoping out the surrounding buildings I determined it was highly unlikely any room would have given a view of the Macy's fireworks. By the way, when we checked in and explained this to the front desk clerk he told us we'd be able to see them since they were shot off from around Macys! I didn't have the time or energy at this point to explain that the fireworks are shot off from the East River. This was the second desk clerk to help us, and at least he made an effort. The first one didn't know anything about anything, but she made sure to give free champagne to three people who walked up to the desk while we wre attemptiong to check-in. I eventually asked a third desk clerk if we too, paying customers, might actually be granted the bounty of their kindness with a glass. She instructed clueless clerk # 1 to pour us some. So anyway, that first clerk upon being told of the fireworks-view room didn't even seem to realize it was the Fourth of July. Then she said, rather disinterestedly, that she had no idea if the room had any view. I inquired further if I might have a look at the room, and she said they couldn't allow that since housekeeping was still cleaning. Okay. Then she tells me I should tallk to the concierge. Now, I go from attitude to super attitude. She hands me the phone and the concierge is on the other end. I explain that the front desk connected me to her (though I'm not sure why) and that we were told our room would have view of the fireworks. The concierge is obviosuly mad that the front desk would lay this on her, and I have to somewhat agree (the front desk should know their own rooms), but it didn't call for Super Attitude. Her cocky reponse was &quot;Are you kidding?&quot; No I wasn't. I should have cut my losses right there and gone to another hotel, but I had my wife and baby and we were all getting tired. An hour later we checked in to our closet and had a nice view on the wrong side of the hotel. The service throughout the stay was cold, or at the least aloof. And it's not aNew York thing, I lived there for years and have stayed in numerous hotels across the city. This place is just run bad and the physical look of the hotels just shows that they don't care anymore. as oftentimes happens when a new hotel opens (the Tribeca Grand) the better staff make abeline to the newer property. I don't know if that's what's happened here, but I threw away $500 for arotten stay. We ended up trudging downtown in the rain and saw about fifteen minutes of the fireworks.One major exception: Did these guys even work for the same hotel? The guys (part of the bell staff) out front and the man who delivered our bags to the room were top-notch, friendly and professional. Now if we could just take them to a better hotel!	
Jul 10 2008 	Not Impressed	I felt the Soho Grand was pretty overpriced, and not nearly as good a value as other hotels in the area.The room was very small, which is typical in a New York Hotel, but I don't feel the small space was well utilized. I stayed in the Hilton Millennium on the same trip and felt that while the rooms' physical dimensions were smaller, the Hilton actually felt larger because the space was put to better use.The TV was roughly a 32&quot; flat panel LCD, unfortunately there was no HD programming, and many big name cable channels were missing from the lineup.The bar was very overpriced with terrible service (average wait time for a drink was in excess of 10 minutes).The outlets in the room were inconveniently hidden behind dressers, beds and mini-bars.All in all, I probably would not stay here again.	
Jun 24 2008	Great location service can be a bit up and down...	We stayed at the Soho Grand for 4 nights over New Year's Eve on the way back from Bermuda to the UK. The location was exactly what we were looking for - whenever I have stayed in NY before it has been for work and I have stayed more in the financial district so this time for holidaying it was perfect. So close to all the shops, bars, etc etc. The hotel is fairly large and well known, rooms are average sized for NY - but well decorated with nice bathrooms etc. You get great products here which you can buy in Barneys I later found out. As we stayed over NYE we decided to book in for their party, dinner first - can't remember exactly how much it was think we had a shellfish platter for two which was about 175 USD. The service on the evening in question was an absolute shambles, pretty much non existent, no one was getting any drinks/food, they couldn't find us a table (despite having booked in October..) it was a total mess and the staff were generally unfriendly and couldn't be bothered...they then had the cheek to add on a massive service charge. - I later complained in writing to the manager and he gave me a voucher for two for dinner valid for 6 months OK fair enough but not helpful for a UK resident...So would I stay here again? Probably not as I think others in the area could be a good rival but it's a nice hotel with a nice lounge area so worth popping by for a drink before dinner.	
Jun 7 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Fantastic Service	My girlfriend and I stayed for 3 nights at the Soho Grand in May and had a truely wonderful stay. The service was impeccable and the decor in the the lobby, lifts and room was inspiring. Where the hotel excelled was that prior to the trip I had requested a bouquet of my girlfriends favourite flowers, a Bose sound dock and a goldfish to be in our room, all of which the Hotel arranged perfectly. I don't imagine the Holiday Inn offer this level of service. I had booked and Executive King room and the Seduction in Soho package on the hotel website (which happened to save $200+ on the normal basic room rate as the last light was discounted by 50%ish). We were greeted upon arrival with a glass of champagne and the check in process was simple and quick. The room wasn't huge but overall the quality of the bed, bedding, bathrobes and bathroom was excellent. *Bathroom wallpaper is very entertaining.We had breakfast in bed and also in the Lobby bar and both times the service and food was fantastic. I'd also recommend trying the mojito from the hotel bar, although the bar area can get very crowded. If i had to find a flaw with the stay the only problem I had was that the wireless network kept dropping it's connection but that's all (internet is a additional charge) Would recommend the hotel to anyone and look forward to staying there again in the future.	
Jun 2 2008 	Terriffic place to stay!!!	My husband and I just returned from our wonderful trip to New York. The Soho Grand was much better than I had expected after reading a few reviews here. The Front Desk staff was helpful, efficifent and engaging. The hotel is a perfect blend of sophistication and elegance, placed right in the heart of Soho. The room was a bit on the small side, but it was always clean and very comfortable. The location is was exactly what we were looking for. We did not want to stay in the touristy Times Square and found that Downtown was a much better fit for the things we wanted to do. If you like galleries, shopping and fine dining this is the place to be. Also, since it is so close to Little Italy and Chinatown, the possibilites for something to do are endless. We would stay there again.	
May 30 2008 	Fancy but overprized	We spent 3 nights at the Soho Grand in May. The location is superbe if you like the to hang out in Soho. Very good restaurants and boutiques are close by. It's for sure a special spot with tasteful details and furniture but if you're really into design, you'll be disappointed. They try too hard.Staff was friendly, although it took them 15 minutes to serve my cappucino. The room was very small and quiet disappointing. So is the bathroom. There is no space for storaging all products and amenities were very poor.So overall it's a nice hotel but totally overprized. If you pay over $ 500 for a room, you expect it to be perfect. Would not go back!	
May 25 2008	Noisy not a wnderful experience	Plenty of attitude and style here, but I knew things were a bit off when I saw the lotion bottle provided with the amenities had been used by another guest and was all gunky. Ewww.Terrible noise problem on the side facing the Holland Tunnel (honking taxis and sirens all night). Concierge and front desk staff were great, and they switched us to a quieter room. Complimentary glass of champagne was a nice touch. Rooms are very stylish, small but comfortable.But what was pretty sad was the room service--we requested breakfast by door tag, called to prompt its early arrival the next morning, were told it was on its way, it never came, after three phone calls (when we discovered the order had never even been placed) we gave up. So on our last morning when we needed to get going, we had a snafu that left a bad taste, and were then pressed to find a place for breakfast--if you tell me twice that someting is happening but it's not, don't expect me to believe you the third time. In all, a lot of style but not what we were expecting.	
May 20 2008 	Great Hotel	This is one of my favorite hotels in NYC. The location is great since it is near great places for shopping (for her) and great places to party and drink (him). The bar scene in this hotel is one of the best in NYC. I highly recommend this hotel for those seeking a fun spot to hang out and more. The only drawback is the rooms are way too small for my liking. But everything else is pretty cool.	
May 18 2008 	Soho not so grand!	Certainly when this hotel opened, it had all the hype and was one of 'the' places to be seen in NYC. However, you cannot survive on hype and my experience of the Soho Grand was very much below par throughout. To sum it up, the product is tired and the service weak and not guest focused. My room was not all bad - there was a large plasma screen TV, Bose music system and great minibar selection. They also have good bathroom ammenities. But the furniture was cheap (especially the wardrobe) and the curtains old and stained. The hotel is also turning on the con of 'saving the environment', by having a card that if you do not place on your bed, means they will not change your sheets (you would have thought that it would be the other way round...) - everyone knows that this does not save the environment - just the hotel some money!The experience in the bar/restaurant was also poor. I went down for a cup of tea and was ignored. The barman came over twice to say that he was not the person to serve me and my waiter would be with me shortly. I think I waited 30 minutes to get my order taken and another 20 for the tea to arrive. We ate one evening and the service was not slick (no wine poured, or finesse). Breakfast was OK, but pretty average. There seemed to be no management presence in any area of the hotel and the standards reflected this.The gym was fine - but tiny, Considering the hotel aims to attract a crowd that are probably regular gym goers - they should address this. A colleague dropped a package off for me before I arrived - it did not arrive in my room until the last day (I was there for 4 nights!)The location is good - especially as the shopping and nightlife in Soho are some of the best in the city.The hotel has the potential to be very nice, but the owners need to refurbish and also invest in some better management and training of the staff.	
May 17 2008 	Fantastix	Great room, great hotel, great location. Bar and service was fantastic, didnt want to leave after quaffing champagne and beer and the legendary mac n cheese. But sited perfectly for some top restaurants, shops, and of course u could stay in New York for a lifetime and not do 10% of what's out there.The room was cool, slightyl 'industrial chic', which is great and of course its one of - if not the - original boutique hotels. Music - Gotan Project CDs - in the room was perfect for chilling. Service was exemplary, espec in the bar.Probably my favourite hotel in the world!	
May 12 2008 	Location Location	We visited NYC for 9 days back in 2006 and chose to stay at the Soho Grand due to the location and the boutique style of the hotel. Then entrance foyer was very impressive and the industrial theme of the architecture appealed.The concierge service was very good and willing to help with bookings and information. We checked into a room on a lower level and were offered an upgrade to a higher level providing us better views of the surrounding area (Parking lot). The rooms were clean and comfortable. They weren't huge on space but I did not expect a grand living area for a hotel in downtown New York. The hotel was two blocks from many bars, shops and restaurants in the Tribeca / Soho area where we went most evenings avoiding the bling of Times Square. there was a subway station behind the hotel for access uptown and to Brooklyn. The biggest let down with the hotel was the pompous staff working in the bar area of the hotel. As we returned from a shopping spree, we sat at a table and although requested drinks, watched as the waitress rushed to the suits. After one drink, we decided to go. Upon billing the drinks to our room, the attitude changed and the girl was only to happy to help. Needless to say there was no tip for this pathetic act.We tended to eat &amp; drink out, enjoying the friendly service of other establishments who were more than happy to assist.	
May 12 2008	TINY room cute wallpaper	Oh NY hotels. The big chains are just so average and the boutique hotels are sometimes just...so average. The hotel is in a great location if you want to be in Soho and near tribeca. the rooms here are really tiny, i thought i was going to have to sleep with my suitcase. in general, the room seemed pretty clean - although i ended up with a bug bite after one night, and my friend who stayed with my on the second night came away with a bug bite.... The bathroom amenities were so-so - bigelow products. if you are looking for a chichi little spot with a lounge that oozes hipness and staff that are mediocre, this place fits the bill.	
May 10 2008	Beatiful Place	The interior designer did a truly good job,it's one those places when you get in you have a true sensation of leaving the world behind.Everything the stairs,the room,the bar is unique,elegant and just something else.You can not leave the hotel and just have good time at the bar all day long.New Yorkers tend to go there a lot to.But its understandably on the pricey side.?f you want a different experience you could definitly try it.	
Apr 22 2008 	Not so great BAD MANAGEMENT!!!!!	This could be a lovely hotel. It's a great location and quite classy although I was surprised by the corporate decor of the rooms; was expecting it to be a little more boutique in style. However the main thing was the management, This hotel is REALLY badly run and when thing go wrong the management really do not seem to care. I had lost luggage in my previous trip so had two packages delivered ahead of time. One of them was 'lost' by the reception staff and the other they claimed had not arrived. It later transpired that one had been lost also (and had been thre a whole three days ebfore informing me). However they failed to apologise either for their incompetence or for my inconvenience. Further, they failed to deliver my iPod dock to the room and when they did it didn't work. Then the plumbing in the bathroom didn't work (the toliet got blocked, according to the maintenance man it happens all the time), again no apology. All in all it could have been a great place to stay but they really let themselves down. Disappointing...	
Apr 19 2008 	SO .. SO Grand hotel	Well, I had only one night stay in newyork and some free time, a friend of mine recommended th SOHO grand for their Concierge service, I have to admit, the concierge were on top of things for me, pickup, other services and dinner reservations even before my arrival. but when it came to reception, little slow, the rooms again are small and in my case the AC was not working so that was a serious problem, although I agreed with the reception for late checkout the necxt day, the reception called me asking me when you will cehck out. Upon my checkout, I wanted to pass my feedback to the staff, they didn't event bother to ask, how was your stay. I would not say I hated the place, but it would not be my first choice ine newyork.	
Apr 13 2008 	Pretentious Staff 	Great location, trendy hotel and room was nice, however we found the staff in the lounge pompous and the concierge ladies were useless. We asked for an Italian restaurant upon our arrival - we were recommended to the closest restaurant. The following morning we waited for the concierge뭩 help, while she called a friend and ask her to call her back because she thought our phone was broken...this could have been done once we left as there was no lineup. Best part was, the help was not very helpful. Overall the hotel is nice, but help was hard to be found. Location is wonderful - shopping right out the door, Little Italy a ten minute walk away and the subway was one minute from the hotel.	
Apr 1 2008	Sloppy	Check in took forever: first the key cards didn't work. Once we got into the room, it was not as described. (We'd paid for a room with views in two directions). We asked for a different room, and were given new key cards, only one of which worked. We got into the room, stepping over a tray of dirty dishes in the doorway, and found dirty linens left behind. Yuck.Management was barely apologetic.This used to be a very sexy hotel. Now it's just sloppy.	
Mar 31 2008 	seen better days	I've stayed at the hotel 3 times over the past 2 years, and it's gotten pretty shabby--both in service and amenities. During this visit--the tub drain wouldn't close, then wouldn't drain, the hair dryer didn't work, the PHONE wouldn't work, and the internet--for which they charge--was spotty--either slow or not functioning. The rooms clearly need some maintenance. The worst part of all of that, is that the staff clearly don't care. I agree with an earlier view that staff are mostly concerned with saving a buck. I don't think this is an isolated case either, as while I was dealing with the issues at the desk, the customer next to me came to the desk and said, you know, there was a problem with everything! Multiple visits from service men didn't fix the room's problems! I was really surprised by the number of issues there were with the room --and wouldn't have really complained had there not been so many of them!--But apparently I am not the only one to have noticed that the hotel has seen better days! I think i'll have to move on to find another NYC hotel I can come back to. Sigh...	
Mar 5 2008	Disappointing	Our stay was blighted by the following:1. Having booked two interconnecting rooms well in advance on arrival our rooms were at different ends of the hotel. This took 30 minutes to correct and we were given rooms for myself and two teenage daughters on a smoking floor! 30 minuntes isn't that long but at the end of a transatlantic flight when all you want to do is sleep........2. The breakfast restaurant is beyond minimalist to be depressing so we chose to eat in the lobby with other guests. Despite there being ample room we were told that we couldn't eat there as they didn't have enough staff. To give you an idea the most people you could have gotten into the free sofa's was 8 and they were 6 paces from the occupied area! 3. Everything is too much trouble for the staff with the exception of the concierge4. This is a hotel run for the benefit of the staff and always with an eye on saving costs.5. Breakfast was always cold. Coffee always stewed. Service with a sneer6. Rooms so small you couldn't swing a Gerbil in them. They are also tired. Minor irritants such as, bath plug leaking, shower constantly dripping, blinds not working, miniscule wardrobe, room service which ignores do not disturb signs. Individually not a big deal but collectively not what you expect.I have stayed in plenty of hotels in NY over the years and other than the advantage of its location for Soho I don't get the hype.All told a huge disappointment. If the management read this no doubt they won't care. I would imagine they're the biggest problem	
Mar 4 2008 	Overall great stay	I had a 4 night stay at the Soho Grand with my best friend to celebrate my birthday. I had paid extra to be in a superior room which cost considerably more for what was quite a small room. It made me wonder just how small the normal rooms must be. It was clean and not at all shabby though and the stereo, CDs and products in bathroom were all nice touches.  We were greeted by the friendliest doormen I have ever encountered, who continued to be really helpful throughout our stay, recommending bars, restaurants and really going above and beyond the call of duty. The front desk gave us a glass of Champagne on arrival, although they, along with the concierge were a bit aloof and the concierge on two occasions said she would arrange guest list and reservations for us and then booked it under the wrong name. This was eventually sorted but caused delay in getting into the club and restaurant. Overall though it was a great stay. The bar was beautiful, the location was perfect with lots of great shops and restaurants a stones throw away. Plus a few celebrity guests! It is also a pet friendly hotel so you'll spot lots of dogs which we liked but I'd bear in mind if you are allergic. I'd certainly stay again.	
Feb 25 2008 	Fantastic	I took my girlfriend there for her birthday in January of this year.We had 5 nights at the Soho and it was the perfect hotel for us.We were greeted with a glass of champagne on arrival and it set the tone for our stay.The staff were brilliant and very helpfull. From getting us taxis to recommending bars and restaurants.They even gave us free drinks on her birthday.It's in a great location and for New York the rooms aren't too small.I would definately recommend the hotel to anyone and i hope to stay there again soon.	
Feb 22 2008	Great location but probably better hotels in NY	Stayed at the Soho Grand for a couple of days with my husband, as part of a business trip to NY. We'd had drinks at the hotel before, on previous trips, and this time decided to stay here. As others have pointed out, the location is great - bang in the heart of Soho and really easy to walk everywhere, lots of good restaurants nearby, fantastic shopping, everything you want really. The hotel itself wasn't bad - our room was OK, although we were upgraded to a higher floor, twelth I think, on check-in, which I think meant we got a better view than we would have done originally. And the view was pretty impressive - a downtown shot of the Empire state and the skyline. But the room itself was on the small side I thought, although normal for NY I guess - and a bit of a tight squeeze for two in the tiny bathroom, no separate shower, just an overhead. But it was all clean, the bed was comfortable and decor fairly well done out. Didn't feel shabby, as some have mentioned. And I liked the CDs in the room and the free coffee bar on each floor. I think the only slight issue I had was with the bar and lounge area - this is obviously the hotel's key selling point and it does get very busy, but even if you're a guest, you're not guaranteed a seat. We had to be quite firm with the girl holding the clipboard, who decides whether you 'get in' or not, and after being relegated to a tiny table in the corner of the bar one night, we did put our foot down and insist on a table in the more comfy lounge area but it was a bit of a stand off. Slightly annoying, but still. It also gets very busy with parties, so if you want to have drinks, or you're meeting people, I'd definitely suggest booking a table. Altogether, not bad, but I think there are so many good hotels in NY, I'm not sure that this one really lives up to the hype.	
Feb 20 2008 	Very disappointing experience	I stayed at the Soho Grand Hotel in order to be close to NYU. I was very disappointed. The room was small for the price. I was on the tenth floor, and it was extremely noisy. There was a lot of street noise throughout the night, perhaps because the hotel is near the Holland Tunnel entrance. Also, there was a ton of noise in the hallway, as well as smoking (despite it being a nonsmoking floor). Doors were slamming into the wee hours. At 2 am I finally went into the hallway to ask the rude person talking on his cell phone to be quiet, only to find him in his underwear! Unless you are a real night owl, like to sleep with earplugs, or can sleep through an earthquake, this hotel is not for you.	
Feb 13 2008 	Disappointing...	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a weekend break. We booked a superior corner room which was expensive but as we were going for such a short time we decided to splash out. The hotel itself is in a fantastic location and is really nice inside however we experienced a serious problem with our room.We are both hyper sensitive to dust and the first morning we woke we started sneezing. We went out for the day and night thinking that it was the flight over or something else that was causing it. The following morning we woke up once again sneezing. At this point I noticed in the morning that a film of dust was covering all of the surfaces in the bedroom. I called reception and they sent someone from housekeeping up to view the room. I showed them the problem and they agreed that it was dusty and couldn't explain it (I thought it may have been a recent refurbishment but nobody indicated that it was). By late that evening they offered to change our room but at that point in the trip it was pretty pointless as we were leaving the next evening. We had expected some reflection of the issue in our hotel bill which was not forthcoming. So we were pretty disappointed to be honest, for a top class hotel to ignore the issue on checkout was amazing. Needless to say we won't be staying there again and would advise any hayfever or dust allergic travellers to beware!	
Feb 4 2008	cool but starting to lag	my wife and it make a yearly trek now from la to nyc 'round christmas. last couple times we've stayed at the soho grand. like everyone else... LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. it rocks being in soho. But i think that will change for us...we love their bar but the hotel has begun to lose its luster. Rooms seem shabbier then last time we stayed. view gone out front of hotel now that they erected a towering glass building. just not as &quot;fun&quot; anymore. i'd imagine we'd try the W next time or some boutique place. nyc has way too many choices to spend as much as we did for total lack of space... snobby front desk.... weird ceilings in room that look like they've been torn apart and re finished in a quick shoddy way. overall, its cold and impersonal.	
Jan 5 2008 	Great location but overpriced	I stayed in the Soho Grand for three nights in December, having travelled with my husband to attend the company Christmas party. Let me say first this is a great location - the journey from the airport is quick, lots of very trendy shopping and nightlife nearby, and well located for subways or taxis uptown.I appreciate that I am older than most of this hotel's clientele, so my head was not turned by the uber trendy bar and restaurant which by all accounts are hugely popular and deservedly so.All I was hoping for was a comfortable room. Our expectations were managed on arrival when we were told that we had the biggest room in the hotel and a wonderful view. (This was actually quite worrying as we thought either we had been allocated the boss's room or he had taken one look and decided not to stay.)What we found was a reasonably spacious room with just about adequate furnishings, though nowhere but the floor to open our bags. The lighting was probably meant to be romantic, but as in many hotels was simply inadequate, and served only to emphasise the decorator's very dark palette. In the morning we discovered the view was of two building sites and an 'interesting' skyline.The bathroom was very cold, no soap until I asked for it, a very violent toilet flush and no proper space for toiletries. The worst thing was the wall socket that tried to escape from the wall each time I unplugged the hairdryer. Room service breakfast was very good as was housekeeping (apart from the soap) and along with a previous reviewer I have to say the cheerful doormen were absolutely wonderful - helpful with directions, calling taxis, always there to open doors and so on, rarer than you might think.Overall I think this hotel is overpriced at $800 a night. The location is great and it's OK for a shopping trip, but at that price you expect a luxurious base to get ready for a party and the rooms simply didn't pass muster.	
Jan 1 2008 	Just awful	I had to travel to New York for business and my husband and infant daughter came along with me. This hotel was booked by the company that flew me out, so fortunately we didn't foot the bill.We had a bad experience from the moment we stepped in the door. We arrived exhausted at around 11pm. The registration is one level up from the ground floor and the concierge on the ground floor was extremely snappy to us when we mistakenly took him for the check-in desk. We then went up to the check-in desk and the two men behind the counter gossiped with each other for a full minute before even acknowledging our presence.Our room was minuscule which we weren't too surprised by, it being New York. But the smallness was exacerbated by the large, unattractive wardrobe that took up half the floor space, and several large and useless pieces of furniture that were obviously meant to be decorative. With a room that tiny I would have appreciated just a simple desk and chair. Once our portable crib was set up we could not walk across the room -- we had to climb over the bed to get from the desk to the bathroom. It was extremely uncomfortable.The bathroom was good-sized and pleasant. Their shampoos and soaps were very nice. What was not nice was the fact that all of the toiletries sitting on the ledge above the sink were covered in shaving cream splatters -- apparently the hotel has splurged on fancy amenities but doesn't change them between guests.But what really made this stay one of the most unpleasant I have had was an experience we had as we returned to the room in the evening. The hotel was hosting a party on one of the upper floors and the elevators were blocked off with a velvet rope. The area was fairly empty, with just two enormous bouncers standing there. We waited for over five minutes for the one remaining elevator to open. My husband (carrying my seven month old daughter) finally tried to enter one of the newly &quot;private&quot; elevators and a bouncer bellowed at him &quot;SIR, YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO BOARD THAT ELEVATOR!!!&quot; My husband said &quot;But I'm a guest at this hotel&quot; and the bouncer yelled &quot;I DON'T CARE!&quot; I actually thought for a second that the bouncer was going to strike my husband -- he was very threatening. This incident reflected the attitude of the entire hotel. You could stand there for forever with an infant trying to get up to your room and the hotel is more interested in catering to a party whose guests haven't even arrived yet. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The service was horrible and nothing about it is particularly nice. The doormen, however, were friendly and helpful.	
Dec 1 2007 	Very hip decor I saw Adrian Brody!!!	I stayed at this hotel for one night to attend my firm's event in New York. The room (corporate rate was $559) was stylishly furnished, but very small. There was an armoire, a queen size bed, two side tables and lamps, a small table with the usual goldfish in a bowl (though my fish was dark gray :)), a flat screen TV, a DVD player, and a standing lamp. The bed linens were very nice. The bathroom was not large, but sufficient for one person. Malin &amp; Goetz toilettries were provided (shampoo, conditioner, body wash and body lotion). I think the hotel should also provide cotton balls, a sewing kit, etc.I ordered room service breakfast, which was delivered a bit later than requested, but was good (I had the egg white frittata with vegetable ratatouille and whole grain toast).A big plus for me was the self service coffee/tea/hot cocoa machine on my floor. Though the quality was not high, the free beverages were very convenient. Plus, I typically carry my own tea bags with me, so I only really needed hot water.The first level and the lobby (which is on the second floor) were decorated exactly as you would expect in a hip NY hotel. I really liked the old style elevators, the metal staircases, and the bar area.Plus, as I noted in the title, I saw Adrian Brody, who is absolutely my favorite actor ever!!! I would return to this hotel, but only if I found a good deal. I definitely did not think it was worth anywhere near the $660 rate paid by my company.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great location not as great as it looks on the website..	This hotel is in a great location if you want to be right in the Soho/Tribeca area. It's a boutique hotel and I think likes to think it's uber cool, with a trendy bar and urban look and feel to it. As there are not many hotels around here we chose it and although it served our purpose location-wise, I'd say it's a bit overpriced and the rooms are quite compact.	
Nov 18 2007	Overpriced overhyped	The very smart gentlemen on reception gave us warm towels to freshen up with, but just when I thought we were going to get a glass of champagne too they discovered, on going to the open bottle behind the till, &quot;no glasses!&quot; and did nothing to find some, so no champagne for us. The rooms were tiny. The view was of a building site opposite. The cleaning woman had left a card telling me who it was who'd cleaned my room; she'd also left beside the card the dirty rag she'd been doing the cleaning with, presumably so I'd know she'd been hard at it. The bar was noisy, brash and inhabited by people with more money than sense, with a smattering of idiots thrown in for good measure. I'm ashamed to say we joined them later on and fitted in well. The main bright spot of this otherwise overpiced, overhyped hotel was the staff outside the front door, who were uniformly polite, cheerful and helpful, pointing out the (wonderful) Pepolino restaurant just up the road when we needed somewhere to eat.	
Nov 12 2007 	Fawlty Towers in Prada....	Yes it's true, New York City's hotel rooms are at times on the small side. It's also true to say that at times, even the best hotels can disappoint a jet lagged, tired guest. And yes, it's also fair to say that at times, hype can get the best of us. The Mercer was full so I tried my luck at the Soho Grand. My first and last stay at the Soho Grand combined a tiny cookie-cutter room with completely hopeless customer service and a feeling that the hype brings many first timers and few repeat customers - but as they say, &quot;fools and money....&quot;Location: Great for Soho, not as good as the Mercer, but most of the commercial fun in Soho and surrounds is within walking distance and travel to the hotel from the aiport is easy.The Checkin: Lets face it, the price of top-line hotel rooms has skyrocketed all over the world in the last four years. In some cases spending the money is a joy and in others you feel completely abused. After negotiating my way through the six porters and doorman all of whom were doing nothing but their hair, I entered through the dim, urban lobby and signed my life away on a room rate of a purely insulting $780 per night - good thing I have two kidneys, one is now for sale... This was only after &quot;Sascha&quot; (yes, how typical) had finished her flirtatious interlude with an elderly gentlemen while keeping five guests waiting in line. Conclusion: Checkin is a glamor job fielded by 'trendy', slightly clueless &amp; unprofessional staff who are a touch on the rude side. In short, these guys are glorified cashiers ringing the till and gelling their hair. You get none of the 'chop-chop' and impressive attention to detail from more professional outfits here. The staff want to spot a celebrity so that they're 'with it' everyone else is chopped liver. So having established that the first impression was basically a joke and having my expectation for the room 'managed down' well, we headed upstairs...The Room: Fortuntely there was an area near the ceiling where a piece of rope would have supported my body weight - such was the disappointment. This room looked like somewhere depressed single dudes come to die, or where hookers come to do trade. Cheap, Best Western setup. $780 for a Deluxe King room bought us a (truly) miniscule bathroom, a dirty carpeted floor, a few cheap lamps and bedside tables, a flat screen TV that didn't work, scuffed walls and a very mean little bed. My heart sank as I surveyed the room as I was truly hoping for something special given the great location and price. Strangely, about one quarter of the floor area was taken up a closet like installation which stuck out from the wall, this enroached on the already small room and increased the sense of tight containment - alas I felt like a Soho cockroach in a glass jar. I called down to reception to see if we were given the right room category. After the phone was left on the desk for 3 minutes while the attendant checked (god knows what in that amount of time) I was informed that I had actually been upgraded. Too tired to bother with sarcasm, I hit the shower. Bathroom: Worth a special mention here as a fantastic bathroom can easily make a room and a stay that much more special. In this case, small, cheap &amp; nasty says it all. After 5 seconds in the bathroom I had visions of a mean little hotel baron dressed as the little man with a top hat from Monopoly screaming at his managers 'cut all costs and maximize profits!'. There were no toileteries other than three little bottles of super new age &quot;we hurt no monkeys making this product&quot; body gel and shampoo. The toilet seat was off its hinges. No shower cap, no cotton buds, no bath slippers, only 1 little robe, no cotton wool, no comb, none of the regular things you rarely use, but find comfort in being there and make you feel just a litte bit special. On the plus side, the shower over bath had good water pressure - little problem though, if you have a high pressure shower, make sure you have drainage that can cope with it. Sure enough, after 30 seconds, the bathtub was 3/4 full and I was pretending to be a vietnamese farmer wading through monsoonal rice paddies - &quot;Diddy Mao!&quot; I called this one down to housekeeping and they informed me that in fact the drainage was fine, it wasn't broken and that it was normal - clearly American Idol was mesmerizing that evening as it seemed no one wanted to work for the guests (If only my Doctor could give me an over the phone checkup like this...) Oh by the way and yes you guessed it, the plastic shower curtain (yes plastic) did cling to my body and ofcourse, there was mould around the edges of it. Rather unfortunately, the power outlets DID have safety switches so dropping the hair dryer into my rice paddy bath did not kill me. Truly a shame by this point. The food: Did not trust the kitchen after seeing dirty knives and forks, very wilted lettuce and tired looking food. In short, unimaginative and awful scrapings from Soho gutters. Enough said.Concierge: A really simple job here. Concierge (yes with the by-now-customary five person queue at his/her desk) points towards the shops &quot;over yonder&quot;. Anything else forget it. These guys just don't care and don't have a clue compared to switched on concierge desks like The Peninsula in mid town and The Mercer in Soho. Once again for this place, the emphasis on hiring young (and cheap), trendy looking staff comes wayyy ahead of hiring competent people. Conclusion: Checkout said it all to me. Once again a queue of 5 people and a 10 minute wait standing in the lobby. No &quot;we'll be just a minute&quot; or &quot;thanks for waiting, how can I help you&quot;. Far from it. They just took the money and offered very little in return. This place is basically a honey trap; first timers and the curious will go and rarely return. Suckers with no appreciation for what service and quality actually is will surely come back. Value for money was non-existant, staff totally hopeless and too few of them, almost no efficiency, dirty scuffed walls and cheap looking rooms supposedly covered up by an expensive fit out downstairs and trendy kids playing &quot;hotelier&quot; for a few years before moving into the media or arts world. Burn this dump to the ground, collect the insurance check and build something that gives guests a feeling of excitment, value and slick prestige. The tradition of Soho has given alot of its sould away to commercialism over the years, the least such commercialism can do then is to honor such a special part of the world by attempting to enchant its guests, not pillage them. Management clearly has alot of work to do here. Oh yes, getting a cab to the airport took 45 minutes despite the six doormen/porters/concierges milling around the outside. Prognosis: Marginally preferable over a park bench and newspapers...I would get more joy smoking bad weed with the $100 bills I used to pay for this place...Where instead: Book the Mercer. Great food, Great location, relliable, big rooms, great bathrooms, smart concierge, smooth checkin/out. Can't go wrong. If The Mercer is full, try Soho House. If no joy there, try a new one called The Bowery.	
Oct 18 2007 	Sweet hotel in a great location	SoHo Grand is a great hotel to splurge on. It's perfectly located at the bottom of SoHo. Plus, it's close to several subway lines. The staff was very friendly. Rooms were a reasonable size for NY. Beds were very comfy. Our room had a great northern view of the city. They offer to bring a Bose iPod dock to the room. Also, I like the apples in the lobby to snack on. Very cool atmosphere. I'd definitely stay again if I felt like splurging.	
Oct 4 2007 	Grand Hotel but way overpriced!!	Stayed at the Soho Grand for 3 nights. Very nice lobby and bar area. The rooms were very clean and very small. Overall I liked the hotel but it is overpriced.	
Sep 20 2007	Enjoyed but not worth the price	We stayed here last July. It was a nice hotel but definitely not worth the price. The room was cramped. The front desk was a little snotty..	
Sep 3 2007 	So So Soho	Nothing grand and nothing terrible about the Soho. Room was adequate but furniture was worn. Could use better lighting. Staff friendly enough. Room service sandwich was fine. Room faced construction across the street. All in all, an OK hotel but nothing more.	
Jul 27 2007 	Cool hotel in coolest location "Sure it was grand"	My wife and I stayed four nights in the Soho Grand in March 07. From our very large bed, above the flat screen tv, to the left of our goldfish &quot;Sammy&quot; and to the right of the iPod supplied by the hotel, we had a view of the Empire State and Chrysler buildings. At check-in we each were handed a glass of champagne and were made feel very welcome. The lobby of the hotel is very cool. In fact the interiors throughout the hotel are very well designed. The food in the bar was good, and the staff very friendly and helpful. We loved it there are would definitely stay there again. But the best thing is the location - Soho is the best. I wouldn't stay anywhere else in New York. Wandering around the shops and bars in this trendy neighbourhood was our favourite thing about New York.	
Jul 20 2007 	'Just Perfect'	The whole stay was fab.Booked to stay here for 7 nights over the New Year Period. From the minute we arrive to the minute we left everything was perfect. All staff were very friendly and full of knowledge of the City, nothing was too much trouble, they made the perfect arrangements for a heleicopter ride over the City and to see the Lion King on Braodway for us. I would recomend this hotel to anybody going to New York and will be returning there in the not too distance future.	
Jul 14 2007	Impeccable Service	This was our second stay at the Soho grand. The service was impeccable, people could not seem to do enough for us, from the manager, who changed our room and upgraded us when the a/c did not work, to the room service people. And of course, the location cannot be beat and the linens are fantastic. BUT, the rooms are very much in need of fixing up. Our bathroom ceiling was peeling and the room ceiling desperately needed paiting. We were in an executive king which is bigger by not much than the regular king and oddly enough contains no additional furniture. There is no desk, just one small table that barely fits a tray from room service. One small desk chair, and a small, uncomfortable arm chair and that's it. So would I stay there again? For a decent price for the executive king, I might. But I am more likely to go back to the Bryant Park which, althogh not in Soho, is maintained beautifully with good sized rooms.	
Jul 7 2007	Nothing Grander than the Soho Grand!	I have been a Soho Grand fan for many years. Everyone in the hotel is consistently professional, maintain upbeat attitudes and are always helpful and courteous. The commitment to keeping the property in perfect condition is evident. The location works out wonderfully for me with its close proximity to the Holland Tunnel. The winning factor for me in the beginning was that it was the only hotel to not give me any resistance to accommodating my 150lb Great Dane. He was always made to feel like a guest and that made traveling so much easier for me. I have never stayed anywhere else since.I have been recommending it for over 5 years now.	
Jul 3 2007 	Another Fantastic Stay at the Grand	I have stayed at the Soho Grand several times, and have always been impressed. My wife and I just returned from our most recent trip. The hotel is in a fantastic location in Soho and within walking distance to several other great areas. It is the place to be. I have stayed at boutique hotels all over the world, and the Soho Grand definitely measures up. The front desk was great and the concierge was full of helpful information. One tip however: make sure to stay in a King Size room.	
Jun 29 2007	Lovely hotel shame about the bratty concierge	The soho grand is, basically, cool: great rooms (tiny but hey this is new york) lovely chic slightly retro decor, a doorman who is charm personified (someone please give him his own TV show), terrific food, a general ambiance of laid back exclusivity and so on - everything you'd expect from a 5* hotel. The concierge was the only thing that let it down: offhand, abrupt and basically a pain - he also said twice that he'd booked something for us and the restaurant then had no record of it. once is forgiveable but twice is kind of bad, no? we started dreading talking to him after i stood at the desk for five minutes - alone - waiting for him to get off the phone, acknowledge me or even look up from the doodles he was making on his pad (he knew i was there - i was half a metre away!). i think he was new. someone, please, get rid of him. he's the reason we're staying at the mercer next time. oh, and please get ipod docks for every room. everywhere else has them...by the way, highly highly recommend employees only for drinks and schillers for dinner. both seriously good.	
Jun 24 2007 	Not my first choice in NYC ... better value elsewhere	Can't beat the lobby/reception area. The design is unique and while not warm or inviting, it's distinctive and memorable. Everyone knows that NYC hotels are small, rarely very clean and the bathrooms typically have room for significant improvement. My rooms in the Soho Grand have always been a bit more spacious than others in the city. But they are pretty spartan and could use another chair or something as you're either sitting at the desk or on the bed. The value is just out of whack in NYC as for $500/night I expect something truly remarkable. The Soho Grand is just average ... with below average service at the front desk (same for room service) and in the lobby lounge.	
Jun 18 2007 	Great hotel. Pet friendly	We booked the hotel on the recommendation of our children living in the City as well as searching the internet for pet friendly locations. The welcome was cordial and our request for room type was honored completely. The style of the hotel fits our taste and the room was spacious enoungh for my wife and I as well as our two 20+ lbs. dogs, Pet beds and stainless steel bowls were waiting for the dogs in the room. If you like the Soho/Tibeca area it is a perfect choice. I am unsure why others writing reviews on Trip Advisor had such a poor experience. It was both Father's Day Weekend as well as our 40th wedding anniversary and I can't imagine a nicer place to celebrate a special occasion in New York. We surely will stay there again.	
Jun 14 2007	Loved the Soho Grand	Even though I live in NYC, I was looking for a fabulous place to take my husband for our anniversary and found it at the Grand. The staff was highly attentive and the room wonderful. When I called and asked about discounts they explained about their loyalty program - all good stuff, didn't cost extra and it got us a discount! While we were celebrating our 3rd anniversary - the entire family came (including our 1 year old and our 7 year old dog). They made each and every one of us feel at home.We took advantage of it all - grand kids, dogs, the gold fish - and just loved it.	
Jun 13 2007 	The worst 	For over $600/ night, our expectations were high. Boy, were we disappointed. The plumber had to come to the room 3 times because the toilet didn't work. The shower head was so low I had to bend down. The room was not clean. The front desk people were snooty. The closet in the room was like a fold up partition. What a disaster!	
Jun 12 2007	Really Good Could Have Been Better	We heard good things about the hotel, we like staying downtown and the internet price was great; much better than other hotels in the same category. We booked two rooms online on a Sunday morning, and showed up at about 7:00 P.M. that evening at the hotel. There was no bell man at the door offering to take our luggage, although this is admittedly a theoretical concern for us on this trip, since we were staying for just one day and had only minimal luggage. But things got worse when we got to the front desk. The person there could find no record of our reservation in the system. He acted like he didn't know what to do, and seemed ready to send us away, but I had my blackberry with me and had the confirmation emails and confirmation numbers for both rooms. I showed him the emails and gave him the confirmation numbers. He still couldn't find the reservations, and seemed unsure what to do. Finally, he asked one of his colleagues, who apparently advised him to call somebody that deals more directly with online booking. Finally, after about 15 minutes of waiting, our reservations were found. Here's what the employee helping us said: &quot;Well, you do have a reservation.&quot; Of course, we knew that, because we had our confirmation numbers. I think this person must have been new. He wasn't malicious or rude (at least in my mind); he was clueless, but my wife but ready to jump across the desk at him. If he's new, the hotel should have a big &quot;trainee&quot; sign clipped to his lapel, and somebody supervising more carefully what's he's doing. Also, it's not the employee's fault that the online system works so poorly. His problem was the way he dealt with it. Seems to me this would take only minimal training. Maybe the hotel should upgrade its online booking system? If I book a room at 11:00 A.M., and the system hasn't swept it into the hotel reservation system 8 hours later, that seems like software that doesn't work very well. Finally, our room was great. Our only complaint about the room is the TV, which had two, confusing remotes. For reasons that I still can't explain, depending on which remote I used, sometimes the TV would stay on for just a few minutes and then the screen would go dark, although the sound would continue. By experimenting with both remotes, I finally got it to stay on, but I'd have to be there for several more hours to replicate what I did. Again, the room price was good, but for $300 + a night, one expects decent customer service and a TV that works without an instruction manual. The checkout people, concierge and bell/valet people were great on the day we checked out. Hopefully, our entry experience was just a fluke.	
Jun 7 2007	Looks fancy but isn't great	Entering the Soho Grand I was very impressed. It looks amazing, and the service is classy. Once I got to my room, I was disappointed. Now I did stay in the cheapest room they have, but still it cost between $400 and $500 a night.I got the basic room, and it was small. My last stay in a basic room was a Residence Inn &quot;Studio&quot; room in Austin Texas, and it was huge for a single.I sat down for a rest, and the TV remote didn't work. I turned the TV on with the buttons on the set, and the TV wasn't getting a signal. They had to come in and totally replace the TV set.As they were replacing the TV set, I turned on my laptop to get on the internet. Their wifi asks you to sign up, which is fine, but then tells you that you have to pay for the internet. I still signed up, but then it wouldn't let me get online. I had to call a 1-800 number to get online. A day later I couldn't get online again.The biggest surprise was when the power went out in our room. The phone is electric, so I couldn't even call downstairs to tell them. My wife and I were late for something, and were freaking out. I got out my cell phone, and called the 1-800 number for the Soho. 15 minutes later they must have switched the breaker and it came back on. They said that this can happen sometimes. This is just crazy.The service is great here, and the design of the interiors is excellent. Unfortunately, I don't think the facilities are in very good condition. My Studio room at the Residence Inn was 10 times more luxurious than this room, and was about 1/3 of the price.	
Jun 6 2007 	Dreadfull! Give it a miss.....	I had heard that the Soho Grand was one of New York's hip hotels and that was my initial impression. Interesting architecture, a stylish lobby, bar and lounge area and excellent service from the bell boys, concierge and reception. However, it is clear that the hotel is only interested in catering to the 'beautiful people' that hang out in its public areas since the bedrooms were no better than those you'd find in the cheap motels around Times Square. I'd booked a Executive King room ($548 (including tax)) which was described on the hotel's website as follows: &quot;In a City where space is always a luxury, Executive King guestrooms are open and airy with high loft-like ceilings and large spacious bathrooms&quot;. Nothing could have been further from the truth. The room was neither stylish nor comfortable. It was dark and dingy with a low concrete ceiling and so small that it could only just accommodate a Queen sized bed. There was no cupboard, just a small alcove only big enough to hang half a dozen items, covered by a shabby curtain. The air conditioning was old fashioned and so noisy it was impossible to use at night. The window blind and curtains were made from moth eaten sack cloth. When I informed the hotel manager of my disappointment with the room I was told that &quot;we cannot cater to the aesthetic sensibilities of all our visitors&quot;.A 'free' breakfast consisted only of juice, coffee and pastries and the tray was left unceremoniously on the floor outside our room where we discovered it several hours after we had ordered it.There a many stylish hotels in New York. The Soho Grand is not one of them.	
Jun 4 2007 	Not Worth the Pain	You are better off taking your $500 per night and investing it. The rate of return for this hotel is -100%.After checking in and heading to our room, I needed to use the bathroom. I had to hold the toilet seat up to urinate. The room had 2 towels and one glass even though I was there with my fiance. The pressure in the shower was akin to a leaking hose. When calling Guest Services, the line rang multiple times. The front desk said we could move rooms, only to call back and say that nothing was available. The bellman cut my fiance off while she was getting on the elevator. Ladies and guests first always! I mentioned it to the bellman and he laughed at me and said in a bizarre tone he would remember to do that next time. I could go on...But the kicker is the manager sent me to this link for the review. I called him first to give him my review. Guess what? He no longer works there. Shocker.The two saving graces were the concierge Annlore who ordered beautiful flowers for my girl and the location of the hotel.If it wasn't for my impending proposal to my girl the day after we checked in, we would have bounced to the myriad of fine hotels in Manhattan.Remember: We are revenue, they are overhead. Without travelers like us, the Soho Grand would be out of business.	
Jun 4 2007 	Terrible First Time Experience	The Hotel staff is EXCELLENT, they go out of their way to make sure you are comfortable, on the other side, the hotel policy, etc. uses this to their advantage by over charging you for any Concierge assistance and in some cases 150% more than you would have paid for making arrangements yourself. Example for $120.00 a piece Wicked tickets I could have purchased on the Internet they charged me $325.00 a piece. Also they charged me $146.00 for transportation from the airport to their hotel and after speaking with the cab drivers they informed me of the problems they are having with the hotels and it is against the taxi commission for the hotel to do this, etc. When i checked out of the hotel I got into a cab outside the hotel and it only cost me $45.00 to get to the airport and that included tip and toll! I was always under the impression that The Concierge was provided to the guest of the hotel for assistance this is not the case at this hotel. I just wanted future guest to BEWARE....if you use the Concierge expect to pay 100% or in some cases even more or any service they arrange for you! In addition to that I am sure they don't give those GREAT employees anything out of it so, be sure you still tip them! After all they are the ones doing the dirty work, not the hotel owners, etc.!!!!!! Once again, the Entire Staff from the front desk to the cleaning are Excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 3 2007 	Soho Grand is great	Great hotel, stayed there with my 18 month old son, they were more than accomodating to his needs. Crib, diaper genie, highchair in the room, Burt Bees baby products and always a smile whenever they saw him. Fabulous location, he was with me in the hotel bar till midnight in his stroller and siting on the sofas and everyone was very welcoming, not a disapproving look anywhere. Rooms are a bit on the small side but nevertheless well worth the money, enjoyed our NY visit and the SohoGrand greatly.	
May 31 2007	Seduction in Soho	Spent a night at the Soho Grand on the Seduction in Soho package - was very good. All staff very friendly and well-trained. Room was nice with a good view over the river. We would definitely stay againwhen in NYC. Price of water in room, however, is laughable. Don't buy it ($10 a litre)! Go down the street and buy it for $2.50!	
May 30 2007	Location is everything	I've stayed in many hotels throughout the city and love the SoHo Grand. On this trip we were greeted with a complimentary upgrade upon arrival which gave us a nice northerly view of the city. Although a few things could use some attention, coffee bars on each floor could use better quality coffee; we didn't spend a lot of time hanging around the hotel with south Manhattan right out the door.The hotel is exactly what you want in a boutique; clean and quiet with attentive service, great beds and above all perfect location.PS - They take dogs with open arms, and there is something nice about watching Fido stroll through the lobby.	
May 30 2007	Romantic Getaway	My husband and I celebrated our Anniversary at the Soho Grand. What a perfectly romantic getaway. Every detail was delightful. Champagne, strawberries, chocolate and Breakfast in bed. I highly recommend the Anniversary package. Loved the pet golfish too!	
May 28 2007 	Loved Soho Grand	My husband and I stayed at The Soho Grand along with somefriends for a shopping trip. The accomodations were just what we were looking for:clean, very nice bedding, nice sleekdecor, and the service was excellent, and everyone was veryhospitable from the doorman to the bellboy. The location was awesome as well; right in the heart of Soho, close to everything.Would definitely stay again.	
May 26 2007 	Felt Like a Million Bucks	From the moment we stepped into the place, my girlfriend and I felt taken care of. The decor is stunning and the staff is efficient, friendly, and very helpful without being intrusive. We were served cool face cloths at the reception desk, which helped take the edge off the NYC spring heat. We arrived earlier than general check-in, but were immediately let into our room because it was ready. The bug-eyed goldfish swimming in a bowl outside our door was an exotic treat. It kept us company for the length of our stay.The room, tasteful, restful, classy. The concierge -- completely on top of it. If you want to treat yourself to how the other half lives, I wholeheartedly recommend a short stay at the Soho Grand. Beware, though. Paparrazzi can ambush you outside the doors, waiting for a celebrity pic.	
May 20 2007	Overpriced little value	Have stayed at a variety of hotels, all well under the 600.00 USD per night I payed at the Soho Grand, and had a much better experience. The hotel overall looked dirty, and needs some money injected into it. The fact that smoking is allowed at all I was quite surprised at in this day and age. I was most shocked at however the small amenities missing such as no coffee machines in the room (the fact that I saw a guest in her pajamas having to leave her room to go down the hall for a coffee from a coffee machine), no ironing boards, and no morning paper. When I checked out no one asked how my stay was, even after I asked for a comment card...I now know why!	
May 14 2007 	Excellent Stay	Had heard bad reviews recently about the Soho Grand, but had good experiances there in the past. Stayed over the weekend and had a wonderful stay as usual. Beautiful room with a great view of NY. Attentive service, particularly at the front door.	
May 14 2007 	little town blues melting away..	Fantastic location between the Village and Tribeca. The rooms are well appointed and comfortable with great views of Manhattan. The front of house staff are enthusiastic and incredibly helpful, from booking restaurants and recommending local bars etc, really couldn't do enough - genuinely made my stay special.	
May 12 2007	Great stay at the SoHo Grand	My husband and I were staying with a friend in NYC and decide to splurge on a hotel. We called the SoHo Grande and the W Union Square. The SoHo Grande was so friendly and accommodating - they offered us 10% off our stay for signing up with their loyalty program and took our preferences - pillows, paper and our preferred welcome amenity (fruit, cookies, etc). Just to compare prices, we also checked wth the W Union Square and could not believe how expensive they were in comparison, and were by far not nearly as friendly. So, we chose the SoHo Grande which was a wise decision! We loved our stay - got a very nice room on the 11th floor with a lovely view of the Empire State and the Chrysler bldgs. My only disappointment was that we never received our welcome amenity or any other perks that were included - most likely due to our same day reservation. I'm sure we would have received them if we asked, but it would have been nice to have them without asking...not enough to warrant a bad review. I would hands down choose this hotel over any other I've stayed at in New York. Friendly service, comfortable rooms and reasonable prices...not to mention a great location in SoHo near tons of shops and restaurants.	
May 12 2007	Well situated and well staffed	This hotel is especially good if you're travelling alone. To get a room large enough for two people is pricey. HOWEVER, this is hotel has a great location, smart, courteous staff, and is very service oriented.I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
May 11 2007 	fun and good with kids	Third time I stay there, first with my kids, a two year old and a four year old. Staff was very firendly. Got a fishbowl in the room. Concierge got us a babysitter. Overall, a great stay. Will return.	
May 3 2007 	Great location and excellent service	I've just returned from a five night stay at the Soho Grand Hotel. The hotel is well positioned to great eateries and shops in SoHO - a short walk to China Town and the trendy Tribeca area. The subway is also only a 5 minute walk away and taxis like the rest of the city are in abudance here. The rooms are small but that's nothing unusual where space is at a premium plus there's so much to do in New York you're not going to be spending much time in your room so this shouldn't put you off. The rooms are slightly dated, but clean the beds and pillows are amazing. They were so plush and comfortable I'm sure my I fell asleep as my head hit my pillow. A Bose iPod speaker dock which is stated on the hotel website as one of the room amenties is only availble on request from reception for small deposit. But because of the problems I had with returning the item (you have to call for someone to collect on check-out) its probably not worth the trouble. I never bothered requesting the gold fish.Breakfast is available at the hotel at an extra cost and you are expected to have it in your room. I couldn't imagine anyting worse considering the size. Luckily the hotel is close to so many great eateries, that we ate out every morning. Balthazar is only a 15 minute walk away on Spring Street , and was a great place to sit and people watch.The staff at the hotel are extremly polite and knowledgeable. We experienced no problems that other reviewers have reported in the bar. But word of advice if you do intend to sit and drink in the bar is that it's worth smartening up - I've learnt that you can never be over dressed in this city.All in all I enjoyed my stay at the Grand and would definitely go back. I would recommend the hotel to second-time visitors who've already done all the sights, and just want to experience New York as New Yorkers do.	
Apr 29 2007 	Excellent service good location	What more can I say? Excellent service, Couldn't do enough for us. Well located. Would highly recommend this hotel for couples, singles or business. Really great all rounder	
Apr 22 2007 	Good location but we like The Mercer Hotel better	Our daughter goes to NYU so when we go for a weekend we like to stay in the Soho/Village area. Hotel choices are limited. We tried the Soho Grand this time since The Mercer was full. The Soho Grand is certainly adequate. I found the staff to be helpful and efficient -- no complaints. The public areas of the hotel were also OK although the feel was a little run down. The room was also OK -- the usual small NYC room. I will say the bed was very comfortable. So while everything was OK we still like The Mercer better. The Mercer has a good restaurant and I think the rooms are nicer. But -- all in all the Soho Grand is a good choice if you want to be in the Soho area. I just can't rave about it. We've also stayed at the W on Union Square. A nice hotel but I don't like the Union Square area as well.	
Apr 9 2007	Disappointing	I have stayed at the Soho Grand a number of times over the years, including both personal and work related visits to NYC. All of the previous stays were above average. However, my wife and I stayed for two nights, April 6 and 7 and we were very disappointed. Both the service and the hotel are &quot;dated&quot;. We experienced problems with the Concierge, Guest Services and the Hostess at the bar. Generally, the service was one of disinterest. One example was when the Bar Hostess informed us that the reason that we could not secure a sofa for a drink in the bar was that there was a Soho Grand Manager's Meeting and the Managers would be using several sofas following their meeting. I asked if this meant that the employees took precedent over the guests and she basically said yes.The Furniture in the rooms and the common areas is worn and dirty. There were numerous other examples of lapses in service such as misplaced luggage, three requests for the Bose iPod Docking station before it appeared, three requests for luggage racks, etc., etc.The Sunday New York Times included an article stating that Terry Fant, the CEO of Soho/Tribeca Grand Hotels typically reviews all of the TripAdvisor reviews. Hopefully, he will not miss this one. Ironically, we had to chase down the Sunday New York Times as it was not delivered as promised.	
Apr 3 2007 	Fantastic Location	Fantastic location, convenient to shopping and great restaurants. We booked the Deluxe King room for 4 nights - it was small, but not unreasonably so for 2 people. The room was clean and comfortable with a great view of the city. I wasn't sure what to expect after reading other reviews, but every member of the staff that we encountered was friendly and helpful - and I never got the feeling that the property was understaffed. Check-in was fast and simple; room service was as scheduled. As one reviewer wrote, the tables in the lounge were marked &quot;reserved&quot; -- but we were immediately seated at a &quot;reserved&quot; table on a busy Saturday night (without reservations). Service at the bar and in the lounge were above average. There were nice touches, like cookies in our room at check-in, and a coffee/hot chocolate machine by the ice machine.	
Apr 1 2007	This Place is Brilliant	Again, the people at [--] have come up trumps, I wanted to stay downtowon on this occassion, they gave me some info on hotels and picked this one out to meet my requirements. Well, what a hotel, when I walked in the place, it looked absolutely stunning, I walked into my room and was amazed by the standard of the furnishing, the room size and the equipment within it, so much so that I actually asked at reception if I had been upgraded, no, this was the entry level room and it was out of this world. I made use of the concierge during my stay, nothing was too much trouble and the advice given absolutely spot on and impartial. Upon my travels from this hotel (the metro on canal street is about 2 mons walk), I suddenly realised how accessable midtown is from a downtown location, you could get to 34th street in about 10 mins on the metro. For the price, you seem to get much more hotel for your money especially at weekends and you are close to take in the statue of liberty. The neighbour hood of soho is fairly interesting as well, heading north from the hotel, you come across designer stores and smart shops, go south and you walk straight to ground zero, east is china town, and a a bit further past china town is little italy, what more could you want from a location and midtown just 10 mins away but right out of the hussle. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 27 2007 	Sadly Disappointing	I read the reviews before leaving and having stayed at the Soho Grand several times in 2002 I was surprised by the negative feedback as I'd loved the hotel when I'd stayed there. I even called and spoke to the front desk and discussed the negative reviews which they believed were based on high prices giving guests unreasonable expectations of the hotel. So I decided to still book as I loved the location and could not decide based on reviews where else to stay! Upon arrival I was pleased to see how fabulous the main areas still are - although it was a little pretentious putting reserved signs on all the bar tables even though they were empty and even though I was a guest I literally had to beg for a table to sit at and just have a drink in the afternoon - which should be a given if I am staying at the hotel!! Anyway sadly worse was yet to come. We were showed to our Deluxe King room - I was absolutely appalled by the decor! We were paying $400 a night and the decor was that of a midwest Best western! Apparently I was told that $15,000 dollars had been spent on each room and they had tried to evoke the old Soho style - well I dont know who their design agency was but they conned you and had no taste!! There are so many talented interior designers how did they manage to choose a design agancy that totally destroyed the credibility and stylishness of the hotel!! I can imagine old Soho style and what I imagine is industrial, vintage, stylish, slightly quirky, good quality - not cheap, depressing and tasteless. The bathrooms were cute and had nice touches but the bedroom was a mix of shades of muddy brown, faded earthy orange, beige, plaster - yeuk! There were awful patterns all mixed together, brown and orange plaid mixed with swirly brown carpet. The blinds were hessian of some sort that had faded and looked cheap and old. The cupboards were made out of some hideously cheap chip boards and coated and just looked awful. The headrest was out of some kind of faux antiqued leather with studs - it was awful. And dont think this was just one room - they all have the same decor!!! I am so saddened ( I am a designer myself) that what was once a minimal and luxurious hotel has been utterley cheapened by poor qualiy tasteless design - this is not just a matter of differing tastes this is poor quality this is not luxury. We did change room to a corner room and I have to say it had the best view I've had in manhattan - but even so I had to leave I felt depressed and we had agreed to pay $400 on the basis that this would mean a luxurious trip - wrong!! We moved to the London New York - stunning modern art deco design - simply stunning!! But it's high rise and if you dont like big hotels we also stayed at Chambers ( make sure you have a room with a view over w 56th St!! there are big fans at the back not pretty!) - perfect in every way, cosy, stylish etc.During my trip I visited about 12 other hotels and I was surprised at how unimpressive and pricey they all are!! I also loved the new Bowery Hotel - the rooms were divine very Italian-especially the large King rooms with sliding panels that open up the bathroom onto the bedroom, mixed with a bar thats old english hunting lodge glamour!!! - but until they clean up Bowery a bit more I would not feel happy staying there as a single woman. Mercer of course is lovely too but too expensive for me! Hope that helps!!	
Mar 25 2007 	Management problems	We have just returned from a saturday night stay. We drove into the city approx. at 5:30pm.(thru holland tunnel which is about 10 blocks from hotel) called the hotel for directions and did not get to the hotel until 7:30pm because of wrong directions given 3 seperate times by hotel staff (concierge). The lobby is great place to hang-out for drinks and cool scene. Hotel room and bathroom was tiny--air conditioner and heater did not work. Asked for walking directions from concierge to restaurant reccomemended by concierge and directions again were wrong. We were told that we needed to give valet 30 minutes lead time to retrieve our car , did so, then had to wait another 35-40 minutes when we arrived because they did not respond to our first request (our friends we were with, never received their car and had to walk 2 blocks to the garage to get it themselves even after being told repeatedly that thier car was enroute). All in all the staff was very friendly but the staff especially the concirege did not have a clue to running an upscale effiecient hotel that caters to upscale clinentele.	
Mar 24 2007 	Misleading event	We were guests at the Soho Grand Hotel for New Year's Eve and attended their Black and White Party. First, not everyone is dressed in black and white which they say they require. Second, not everyone is dressed in formal attire which they also say they require. Third, they will ask you to pay extra for reserved seating but they have none. Therefore, if you decide to attend the party, don't feel that you need to heed to any &quot;dress code&quot; requirements--they do not enforce them. Also, don't pay for reserved seating, because there is none. Even without the party, our experience was miserable. Service was poor and they even us charged us to use the internet. I suggest you stay at a Holiday Inn Express, where at least the internet is free!	
Mar 18 2007 	Love The Soho Grand	The Soho Grand is absolutely fab!!! From the doormen to the housekeeping ladies. They are all great. I will reccomend any one to stay here.	
Mar 13 2007	Interesting Interior Design	Myself and my fiancee stayed for 5 nights twixt Christmas and New Years, firstly I cannot emphasise how wonderful the location is, slap bang in the heart of the best bits of NY. On arrival the door staff were polite and attentive, check in took a while as they seemed a little under staffed. The room was nice, large enough and clean with a nice bathroom, the decor pleased. The only gripe with the hotel was trying to get a seat in the bar, tables were reserved, and the bar manager was quite rude in his quest to keep us out! As I waited in the lobby, the reserved tables remained empty. But I wouldn't let the one and only rude member of staff put me off staying again. Highly recommended for it's location alone.	
Feb 23 2007 	Never Again	We were here the second weekend in February, and except for the attractive lobby and bar area, found it awful. The room was tiny and what little furniture there was looked like it came from an old college dorm. We asked to have a newspaper delivered in the morning -- none came. The noise from the lobby bar kept up awake until 3 a.m. (poor design), and the traffic noise was unusually loud for that part of town (lousy window insulation). Finally, when we checked out Sunday morning, we were told that we would have to wait 45 minutes for our valeted car ($45 for one night) to be delivered. In fact, it was out front in 10 minutes, but no one bothered to tell us. Never again!	
Feb 20 2007	The Grand is always great	This is probably our 5th time staying at a Grand Hotel but the first at Soho. All other visits were at the Tribeca Grand. Both hotels are exceptional - the staff could not be sweeter and always willing to make the guests comfortable - NO ATTITUDE.The weekend getaways are wonderful - they are a great value for the accomodations and service. Both have great hotel bars and drinks. And the location could not be better if you love downtown. Amazing restaurants, the BEST shopping and funky little theaters.We did find quite a difference in the atmosphere of the hotels. Tribeca is so much more laid back, almost sleepy compared to the Soho. Neither is better or worse than the other, it is pure preferance. The service might be better at the Tribeca Grand (a few extras were forgotten at Soho - this never happened at Tribeca) but I am only basing this statement on one stay at Soho. I am not sure if we always stayed at Tribeca on quiet weekends and then Soho on a crazy one, thus the difference - or there is consistantly a true difference. Anyway, we love the hotels and they will continue to be our place when in New York.	
Feb 18 2007	Best Hotel in New York	We stayed at the Soho Grand for three nights in Feb 07. We found the rooms to be of high quality with many nice touches we had not expected. They were of a good size with Bose sound systems as standard, bath robes, slippers and a range of top CDs, flat screens TV's and a varied minibar selection of drinks and snacks. We arrived late on the first night due to flight delays from London. Check-in was a breeze. Our bags were delivered to our rooms. Our beds had been turned down and the Bose sound system was playing in the background. The room temeprature was perfect even though it was -5 outside. We didn't need to adjust it throughout our entire stay. It has to be said it is the first time I have returned home and found my bed to be less comfortable than those in the hotel. The Concierge and door men were very friendly and knowledgable assisting in booking restaurant reservations and recommending the best bars in the area. Taxis were always hailed within minutes of our request.Food was of a high quality both for breakfast and lunch (we didn't have the opportunity to sample dinner). The bar was often busy but not uncomfortably so and the business facilities within the hotel were perfect.All in all a very laid back but professional establishment and one I have already recommended to friends and associates as the place to stay when in New York. We will definitely be returning, hopefully for a longer stay in the future.Congratulations to Ian Nicholson, the General Manager, for maintaining such a high level of service at th hotel.	
Feb 11 2007 	Needs more people	Amazing views, great place but they need more staff members.I waited at the bell desk, the front desk and the concierge desk while they worked with other guests. Had I seen a fully staffed desks (i.e. there were two positions at the concerige's desk, but only one person or three positions at the front desk but only one person) I would not be writing this kind of review. Had I see a fully staffed desk with a line, I would not be writing this review. Unfortunatley, I saw a skelton staff on thursday and friday nights, two prime night for a hotel like this.If you know what you want and how to get it, stay here. If you need help with your visit to NYC, then stay elsewhere	
Feb 8 2007	New Years at the Soho Grand	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Soho Grand over New Years as it was in close proximity to one of my friend's apartments. The hotel checkin was on the second level and no one seemed willing to help my girlfriend or I with either our bags or the door. This may have been because they were getting ready for a new years eve party and were indifferent to the guests staying in the hotel. Beyond the initial impression, the service at checkin was really easy and the woman at the front desk was very friendly, especially given the fact that she was working on new years. The hotel room was nice and spacious. The bed was very comfortable, but we were in the room next to the elevator, ask for a room further down the hall so as not to hear the beeps. Room service was so-so, but hit the spot after a night out. Overall, the hotel was in the area we wanted and fit the bill. We had booked two nights earlier and had gotten a good rate. There are nicer properties, but if business or pleasure put you in Soho, I would recommend the hotel.	
Feb 2 2007 	Exceptional stay at the Soho Grand	I recently stayed four nights at the Soho Grand hotel and my stay was exceptional. I arrived *very* early on the day of my check in as I took an over night flight and was expecting to wait for my room as is customary with most hotels. I couldn't have been more pleased when the gentleman (very nice and personable Aussie) at the front desk made an adjustment and assigned me a room that was immediately available. I was thrilled and this act set the tone for my stay. The room was very clean, well appointed and had a great view from both windows. The house keeping service was exceptional: friendly, accommodating and most importantly, I never felt rushed to exit my room for daily cleaning. Every morning the hotel delivered a wonderful continental breakfast of various pastry and muffins as well as coffee and juice. I loved that you get to choose your breakfast arrival time and change your order daily - nice touch! The front desk and concierge were always helpful and friendly when I asked questions about local shops and locales. When I needed to ship some items back to San Francisco and needed the location for a local FedEx, the front desk offered to ship them for me - unbelievable!The only glitch in my entire stay was an errant fire alarm sounded at 3 am for quite some time. I thought a note under my door the following day would have been nice, but I know that may have been expecting too much for a true glitch with their system. My check out was very easy and the doormen and bell hops (bell men, really) arranged a car service to the airport for nearly the price of a Yellow cab. The Soho Grand does it again! Just great!All in all my stay was so wonderful, that the Soho Grand is now my default home away from home while I travel to New York from now on.	
Jan 29 2007	Great location - nice rooms - friendly staff	We originally had reservations at the Tribeca Grand Hotel, the sister hotel of the Soho Grand, which is about 2 or 3 blocks South of the Soho Grand.The Tribeca Grand was very loud, and you can see my review at if you search for the hotel in Tripadvisor. We only stayed at the Tribeca Grand for one night, and we moved to the Soho Grand the next night. I was there for 2 nights on pleasure followed by 3 nights for business.The Soho Grand was for me a much better choice than the Tribeca Grand. The hotel seemed to have tourists, and business people staying there.I was primarily there for business and it was a good choice becuas of it's proximity to the downtown financial district (Wall St area), but it offered a lot of things to do and places to eat in the evenings.My room and the public areas were very clean, the bed was very nice (see picture) and the staff was unusualy friendly. I really have nothing bad to say about the hotel - sure, it was expensive but this is NY.Here are some picsbed: http://farm1.static.flickr.com/161/373977458_fbaeabec05_b.jpgroom:http://farm1.static.flickr.com/181/373974456_7d6c026193_b.jpgbathroom:http://farm1.static.flickr.com/174/373976041_403ab33d66_b.jpg	
Jan 29 2007 	Never again	The place looked great. That's the only nice thing I can say. The service was insanely bad. I am a frequent visitor to NY for work and usually stay near my office in Times Square. I will stick to the W, Royalton, or Westin Times Square where the rooms are bigger and nicer and I'm not treated like crap.I don't mind a little haughtiness, but I found the staff at Soho Grand to cross the line from haughty to seriously rude. I've lived in Manhattan- I know attitude and have a thick skin. I'm also a mid-20s woman with fashion sense and an expense account- I would have thought I'd be their target client.	
Jan 19 2007 	OK but losing lustre	Our room was comfortable if small (the Grand chain has small rooms, but they're well laid-out and comfortable). Basically, it was fine, but I found that a lot of the small details were a little worn. The old-looking Dean&amp;DeLuca/Citarella stuff in weird little tins for $12 is less than appealing. However, the mini-bar selection is huge and funny. Nice shower stuff, very decent bathroom. Comfortable bed and nice linens as you would expect. Definitely wait for a deal. Neighborhood has become like a giant outdoor mall. Very convenient, though. Staff here are really pleasant.	
Jan 19 2007 	Pretty Darn Good	We wanted to stay in a really great, funky, expensive boutique hotel in NYC for a short vacation. We picked this because it's in Soho near where we wanted to be and it wasn't as expensive as the W properties. It's really very charming. The rooms are small, but it's NY so what do you expect. The decor is cute, there are flat screens and stereos in the rooms too. The pillows are NOT soft but the bedding is good other than that. It's not much more than a decent Westin so it's worth the price, but dont' expect it to be as exciting as a W or another hotel like that. The bar/lounge is a happening little scene too and the overall location is fabulous for shopping and gallery hopping.	
Jan 14 2007 	overpricedsmall rooms and serious attitude	We stayed in the Soho Grand just before Xmas and were sorely disappointed, the location is GREAT, really in the middle of one of the buzziest neighbourhoods in NY and seconds away from some of it's best shopping and restaurants,which is why we chose it.Unfortunately, that was about the only thing that was.Right from the beginning, the staff, including the doorman were really offhand and curt to the point of rudeness. The entrance, lobby, bar and restaurant area are great to look at,unfortunately, they seem to have spent all the refurbishment budget there and forgotten about the rooms. The rooms are small and shabby,when we got in, the curtains were stained and hanging off the curtain rail, everything was scuffed and stained, and it all looked like it'd been cobbled together by the &quot;Changing Rooms&quot; team, we called the manager and asked for another room, something newer with less wear and tear,we were curtly informed that these were the new rooms and that was that, no apologies or helpful suggestions. The thing is, that not only was the room tired and dingy, it felt and looked grubby, the cleaning staff is really not up to scratch at all.The bathroom was small but cleanish, although, it looked as if everything had been bought at Ikea and don't expect an American Power shower experience, there is one non-adjustable shower outlet over the bath and a plastic shower curtain - the shower head was covered with black,flaking gunge.The toilet wouldn't flush and we asked if they could send someone up and waited and waited, finally a guy arrived, poked about a bit and said it was fixed, it wasn't-I think it actally worked about one in four times. In fact, don't expect anything above the bare minimum of amenities,there isn't even a chocolate on your pillow or even a complimentary bottle of mineral water.We called down to housekeeping to borrow an adaptor, to charge a phone and were told we couldn't borrow one, but they would sell us one for $10.It all seems really miserly and mean in a hotel that is charging this amount of money- $550 a night + taxes. The doors to the rooms haven't been fitted properly, so every time someone shuts their door, it reverberates all the way down the corridor, it's noisy and there always seemed to be room service trays left along the corridor,the rooms hadn't been double glazed(hello!!!, this is New York- the city that doesn't sleep)so it's really noisy outside as well.. The staff simply acted as if they couldn't care less about their guests, there would be a 20 minute wait to get a waiter to pay enough attention to you so that you could order a cup of coffee and then another 20 minutes to actually get it.I ordered breakfast there one morning and it arrived after a wait and managed to be both cold and burnt - after that we just went out-I didn't want to spend another penny in the hotel. The concierge was rubbish, as well, we asked him to book a table at Pastis for 8:30 pm the next evening, and he said he would,we had no confirmation message, so the next morning we asked if it had been done, Oh! he said, hadn't we got a message?- No, Well they could only do a table at 10:30, so he'd just left it, we asked if he'd called again that day and he looked as if this was a completely new idea to him- he called and got us a table, but we found out when we arrived it wasn't in the restaurant as we'd asked, but the caf, which is much more tightly packed,so we cancelled and went somewhere else after all. The staff all seemed to be under the mistaken impression that because they work somewhere&quot;hip&quot; that this makes them somehow stars themselves and therefore feel they can treat paying guests with condescension and snottiness and a good dollop of New York attitude- all of which you are supposed to be tipping!. I couldn't recommend this as a hotel to stay in, as I said, the common areas are nice, so drop in for a drink at the bar,don't bother with food, everything I had was decidely mediocre.The area is wonderful and if you could get a really good rate and don't mind grubby rooms and lacklustre service, then it might be ok for you.The problem is that the New York hotel industry has been spoilt for far too long,they can keep the prices exorbitant and the service poor and people are still falling over themselves to come; so I guess there's not a lot of incentive to change anything. I love New York, I'll be coming back, but I definitely won't be staying here.	
Jan 9 2007 	Great atmosphere fun and elegant at same time	We stayed 5 nights here after spending 2 at the Hotel Gansevoort. Both hotels were very good. We had a corner king room on a high floor which had a good view but was not as big as I hoped. The bathroom was cute but small and not very luxuious. Not always spotlessly clean either. But the shampoos and soaps were great! Had a bit of trouble with our stereo system too.....The rest was marvellous. The staff were very nice, the food and atmosphere in the bar was excellent. We got complimentary breakfast in bed which was a bonus + guaranteed high floor , free internet and other little perks for signing up as a Grand Guest (free). The new years party was great - delicious food and very good atmosphere, plenty to drink, good music. Not cheap but worth it. I can see why some people complain about the checking in but on the whole we found the staff to be very pleasant and helpful. Will go again.	
Jan 5 2007 	Great Hotel Exceeded Expectations	My wife &amp; I stayed at Soho Grand to celebrate our anniversary. We loved the hotel. The rooms were clean and well appointed. We were expecting a small room based on TripAdvisor reviews, but our room was plenty spacious (Deluxe King). The staff was very friendly &amp; accomodating. Concierge recommended &amp; made reservations at an excellent restaurant, Pepelino's, that is within walking distance of the hotel. The lounge was a great place to hang out at night &amp; drink martini's (BTW, the french fries were great too)! We got the 'Seduction in Soho' package which included breakfast in bed (eggs, croissants, fruit, juice, &amp; tea) &amp; was pretty good. Overall, we had a wonderful time &amp; felt that hotel truly exceeded our expectations.	
Dec 27 2006 	SOHO GRAND IS GREAT	My mom and I stayed here for a week before Christmas and loved it! The room was clean and the bathroom was pretty roomy for NY. We had a great view from our room. The staff was great and very helpful. Soho is a great area for shopping and food. I loved that is is away from the hustle and bustle of timesquare. This hotel is very quiet. I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Dec 11 2006	Loved the location  rooms too small	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights for which we had received a good deal. Since I had heard so much about the hotel (and seen the regular room prices) I had higher expectations. The room was very small, as was the bathroom. I뭭e traveled quite a bit and this, together with the fact that the air-conditioning unit was right next to the bed, was a little bit disappointing. The staff was very helpful  they recommended a very nice little restaurant which managed to impress our local NY friends. The lobby is great and it was nice to have free wireless (not inside the rooms) access. Overall it was a good experience, but we wouldn뭪 go back there without a similar deal.	
Dec 11 2006 	nice Hotel nice style nice location	I stayed at THE SOHO GRAND with my girlfriend for three nights.We like the hotel very much, the stuff is very friendly, the bar at the hotel is also very nice and the style of this hotel is the way i like it. MODERN !!The people staying at this hotel are also what we hope to be. For example we walked into the WALDORF ASTORIA and I was shocked when seeing the hotel guest: big groups of typical american tourists !!! (nothing against american tourists it would be the same if there have been german tourist groups of 30 or more people checking in).The only thing (as with most hotels in NY) the rooms a very small. The location is perfect for people like us, who also want to go out at night or do some other things than just sightseeing. My girlfriend loves Soho because of it nice shops.I would come back to this hotel next time	
Dec 10 2006 	pretty OK but pricy	The SOHO Grand is truly a nice place to stay. The only problem is that I find it overpriced. We reserved 2 weeks in front of our stay and had to pay $691 before tax, occupancy fee, state tax and so. The end price is almost $800! The room was on the 10th floor with a view to midtown which was very nice :) For such a price level I think WLAN or cable internet (which is both available) should be free for guests. There is business center which is free but once You have your notebook with You it would be preferable to stay in the room if you do not want to pay 10$ a day for the WLAN. The gym is nice. The Hotel bar is pretty nice and fine fo a drink if one wants to stay in the hotel. The location of the Soho Grand is very convenient for shopping in SOHO or for going out at night.I know that the SGH can be booked for about $320 for the same room, and would definitely not go again there for the price we stayed.	
Dec 5 2006 	The worst hotel I've ever stayed in ! !	OK the location is good, the lobby is nice and the decoration is not bad but that's it.The rooms are ridiculy small the service is not bad, just terrible ! The concierge is desatrous. Every body working at the hotel is condescendant and pretentious. And our stay was very expensive ! Don't go to that hotel ! At any price !	
Nov 28 2006 	funky and friendly	the hotel is in a great spot and lots of good eateries, bars and shopping nearby. the room, especially the bed, very comfy and the room service particularly good - prompt, friendly and worth using. try the seduction in soho package with the american breakfast delivered to your room every day! the bar has a top atmosphere - very cool with good lighting and music. table service very good. the concierge was very helpful at booking a restuarant for us and the doormen equally so at grabbing us cabs. the room heating/air con was faulty though and check in was surly - the only 2 small points in an otherwise excellent stay.definitely recommend you go there without hesitation.	
Nov 8 2006 	Great location good service shame about the rooms	Stayed at the Soho Grand primarily because of the location. I take several trips to NYC each year for both business and pleasure and love Soho.The Grand is in a fantastic area with tons of great restaurants, nightlife and shopping within walking distance. Safe and lively day and night.The bell, front desk and wait staff are gracious, efficient and pleasant. The restaurant and bar and especially the outdoor lounge are wonderful. The public areas are very modern and attractive.However, the room was sadly lacking. Teeny tiny even by NYC standards. I was shocked. Two people in the room and we kept bumping into each other. Very little space in the cramped bathroom. The decor was pleasantly minimalist and the toiletries top drawer but for $400 a night I expect to be able to stretch without striking my roommate. The room service staff were hardpressed to find a suitable space to sit our meal without tripping over our luggage or us. I doubt I'll be back and that's a shame.	
Nov 1 2006 	Poor Value for the money	I travel fairly frequently to NYC for both business and pleasure. I had heard good things about this hotel, but I must say I was quite disappointed. The Lobby and dining areas were beautiful and chic. The meals we ate in these areas were very good-not great. The actual hotel room, however, was small and cramped. We stayed in the &quot;Grand Corner King&quot; room which was more expensive, yet only slightly larger than a normal room. When we opened our window, it served as a magnet for all of the cigarette smoke on the floor. With a few exceptions, I found the staff to be very aloof. Our $720/night, (plus taxes) room included an in-room continental breakfast. We scheduled it for 9 am, yet it took 3 phone calls to get it to us by 10 am. All in all, I might eat here again, but I definitely won't stay here again.	
Oct 29 2006 	Great location but cramped rooms	The location can't be beat - SoHo is at your doorstep, with a half dozen subway options within a few blocks. But the standard room I stayed in was small, even by New York standards. I managed because I was traveling alone, but with two people it would have been difficult to move around. I had to almost turn sideways to get around the corner of the bed to the small desk and chair, and the bathroom is tiny as well. The carpet and furniture all showed signs of wear. On a positive note, the staff at the front desk were friendly and helpful, and the big bowl of apples by the elevator is a nice touch. The lobby is hip and elegant. In short, if you are looking for a place to lay your head at night - but not to hang out in - it's not a bad choice.	
Oct 17 2006	Don't go there overpriced and disappointing	The chap at check-in was not that friendly or welcoming and, so not a good start. We had ordered the Romantic package which was a King Size room described as roomy and airy, with Champagne, rose petals for the bed, chocolate covered strawberries.I rang to confirm before booking that the room was roomy etc. It was not! It was very pokey and small and overlooking the hotels rubbish dump, plus you could actually see people from the hotel s windows walking around naked etc ( we were at an angle where you see one of the hotels wing). The curtains did not go right across the window and so getting out of bed was a bit embarrasing particularly as you could see people looking out of their window into yours!.I complained to the guest services manager about the size of the room but he would do nothing about it, my husband &amp; I felt conned. The complimentry breakfast was a joke, first you were supposed to have it in your room but where?? no room to eat except on the bed. After lots of phone cals and hassle the hotel allowed us to eat in the restaurant. We had no champagne on arrival which was part of the package, the strawberries/chocolate was a pot of choc, the rose petals made of paper in a jar by the bed. The same chap that checked us in was very off-hand, we had asked for a lady who also worked for the front desk and he said 'she is around the back' and then ignored us?The only good thing about the hotel was the location and the concierge but at $704 per night forget it.Don't fo there.Jackie O'Connor, England	
Oct 15 2006 	Very pleasant stay	I stayed at the SoHo Grand for business for 2-weeks in September. As it happened, my trip was during the Fashion/UN Weeks in New York, and the City was quite crowded. I checked in late in the evening, and when I arrived I was promptly greeted out front where my bags were taken and I was directed to the check-in area which was on the 2nd floor. The two gentlemen at the front desk could not have been nicer. I was thankful for the friendly faces and the glass of champagne which was immediately offered to me by one employee while the other took care of checking me in. By the time I had my room key, I was in a much better mood than when I had arrived, and was even offered a refill on the champagne to take up to my room.The bags did take awhile to get up to the room, but I'm not one to just sit and wait, stewing about the delay. Knowing that I was the only person that had checked in recently, I waited about 15 minutes before I telephoned the front desk. I had my bags in 5-minutes with an apology for the delay. The room was nicely appointed, typical New York in that the room was very small, but not a problem. If there was anything I wasn't crazy about, it was the armoire for the clothing. It was made of wood, so when I slid the doors to open it, it was kind of flimsy.The room had a flat panel TV as well as a Bose sound system alarm clock. There was no work desk, which was a bit of a problem for someone traveling for business, but the internet access in the room was wireless so I was able to get comfortable on the bed to work. There was a small, round table in one corner of the roof with a chair which could have been used for work, but I found it to be uncomfortable. I also never did find the in-room safe.Room Service was spotty, and quite expensive, but the expense is to be expected in New York, I suppose. I did have one morning where my breakfast order was promised within 30 minutes, but at 45 minutes I called downstairs and there had been a shift change and the morning person didn't receive the order. I had my order within 10 minutes of my call. The Tomato Basil pizza was very good, everything else I ordered was decent, but not memorable.Housekeeping was fine, not perfect but nothing worth complaining about. They were good about minding the Do Not Disturb sign on the door (not the case in many hotels I've stayed at). Every single staff member I dealt with was professional and accommodating.My room was on the 3rd floor, which I was prepared to complain about having read reviews complaining about noise, etc. I had no such problems. There was only one night in the 2-weeks I was there where sound from the bar could be heard in my room, but it wasn't enough to keep me awake or disturb my work. All in all, I would definitely stay at the SoHo Grand again if the location were convenient for my business purposes. If it hadn't been for the good location and the excellent staff, I might not consider this hotel anything special.	
Oct 10 2006 	Good hotel in great location	This is the second time we've stayed at the Soho Grand, both times for long weekends in New York. I love the location, right on the doorstep of Soho's fabulous shopping district. The staff are slightly aloof but friendly enough, the service in the overpriced restaurant is inexplicably slow but for location it can't be beaten. Ask for a room on a high floor - we asked for a 'room with a view' and ended up on the 16th floor with a breathtaking view of the Cast Iron district with the Empire State Building in the distance. The place could do with a lick of paint but when you're chilling in the bar with a cocktail and people-watching, you can forgive the Soho Grand's minor faults.	
Sep 20 2006 	Not worth it	We foolishly chose Fashion Week for a NY visit, so paid over the odds for a room in the Soho Grand. And no way was it worth it! We booked through the website to get the Grand Guest rate, 10% off, and what we thought were added extras. The complimentary breakfast either never arrived/was late/wrong, the other 'extras' are available to everyone.The hotel was also hosting runway shows and after show parties - all fine but they chose to erect a dome right outside guestrooms. That sums up the Soho Grand - guests not a priority, trying to maintain it's cool reputation most definitely is.Staff were friendly enough, but terrible service. Room fine, nothing special and a bit tired and dated. Certainly not a style hotel. All this and $450 dollars a night - there must be better deals in NY!	
Sep 20 2006 	Where is the Customer service?	They are rude it's as simple as that.The only positive experience was making the reservation. But from checking in to trying to get the bill it was the ultimate in rude. And who wants to pay to be treated rudely?	
Sep 12 2006	Star Treatment at the SoHo Grand	My husband and I stayed at the SoHo Grand in mid-July for an anniversary weekend. The property is in a perfect location for exploring SoHo, the Village, and the Meatpacking District. We found the staff to be friendly and accommodating, and were pleasantly surprised at how much fun they all were-no snotty attitudes. In fact, we did not encounter a single rude person during our first trip to New York. At the last minute, I asked the concierge to make reservations for us at Spice Market, which she did graciously and very quickly. We returned to our room one evening to a chilled bottle of champagne and a note from the GM wishing us well on our anniversary and welcoming us to New York and the SoHo Grand. The room was small (which we expected) but nicely appointed and the sound system and CD selection were a wonderful touch. I also joined their GrandGuest program online, then called the hotel for reservations-got a great deal for two nights. Will absolutely stay there on our next trip.	
Sep 5 2006 	SoHo Grand? SoSo Grand!	Just returned from a 5 night 'Anniversary Package' stay in the SoHo Grand. The hotel is long on image but the service left a few things to be desired. The front desk staff (at least the guy I had to communicate with) seemed pretty surly, not rude just disinterested. When we checked out he just presented the bill told me that the ammount would be charged to my CC. He didn't ask if we had a nice stay did we have any complaints not even 'a thank you for choosing the SoHo grand'. Not very customer friendly.Housekeeping left a bit to be desired as they had not cleaned out 'our' room properly from the previous occupants. Finding a sex toy in the bedside drawer was certainly unexpected (I'm pretty sure it wasn't part of the package!!!) and the TV remote control needed new batteries too.The public area/lobby looks great but every time we went in we were escorted to an available seat by a leggy hostess and immediately presented with a food and beverage menu as if to say 'if you sit here you have to buy something'. In summary, nice hotel, trendy location, staff with attitude spoiled it.	
Sep 5 2006 	Be Prepared to Wait	Great hotel in a great location -- but the service is bad. No complimentary breakfast in the room each morning as promised. 45 minutes to check in and there was NO LINE. An hour delay for our bags to arrive from the lobby to the 15th floor. A hour to wait for wine glasses in our room. An iPod that never arrived but was charged $491 to our room. Express charges for drycleaning that arrived 4 hours too late. &quot;Cool&quot; should not mean &quot;slow and unresponsive.&quot;	
Sep 1 2006	Fun and hip	We stayed here a while back, and it was a great place to stay.You can't beat Soho for fun and energy, and this hotel is in the heart of it. The hotel room wasn't huge but it's very clean, and the bed was comfortable. The rooms also had complimentary kiehl's toiletries.The bar downstairs was good, though the food could have been better. My mother and brother recently stayed there and my mom said much the same. Other than that, the staff is great and helpful. If you drive to NYC. prepare to pay 40 bucks to park. All in all, enjoyable and I would stay there again!	
Aug 30 2006 	What went wrong with the Concierge?	My husband and I decided to splurge and stay at the SoHo Grand, largely to try a &quot;real&quot; neighborhood in NYC. That part of the plan worked out well, and we enjoyed a good choice of shops and restaurants within easy walking distance. As for the amenities, the room and bathroom were clean, and as small as you'd expect in most NY hotels- nothing special for the price, and not as attractive as the website photos would suggest. Also as you'd expect, noise from the street, especially on Saturday night when the lobby bar is hopping, is par for the course. We kept the ac unit on to help drown it out. Upon check in, the staff greeted us warmly, and provided cool washcloths and champagne to refresh us. We were given a room on the 5th floor and were readily accommodated when we asked to be moved higher (due to the noise factor). The bellman, doormen, and bar staff were all pleasant. If this was the sum of our experience, we would probably tell people wanting to stay in SoHo that this place was fine, but that we would try one of the other main hotels in the area (Tribeca Grand or 60 Thompson) before returning.Sadly, that was not the sum total of our experience. A hotel of this class typically provides a first class concierge service. That was not the case for us, and we urge guests to double check any reservation they make directly with the venue. We spoke with one concierge on Thursday, the day before our arrival, who arranged tickets for us to see Oscar Peterson at Birdland on Sunday night. For non-jazz fans, Oscar is a huge name, sure to sell out each of his rare performances. The concierge was very helpful through a series of calls as we made the booking. He took our credit card number to finalize the reservation, then called me back to confirm it had been done. He also made a second reservation at The Blue Note for Friday evening, which he said could be cancelled. When we arrived on Friday, we spoke with a different concierge, again very helpful. We asked him to cancel the Blue Note reservation and to suggest and book a restaurant instead. When we came downstairs that evening and asked for directions to the restaurant, a third concierge told us we had reservations at the Blue Note, and none for dinner. While we waited, she cancelled the Blue Note and called the restaurant, which fortunately had room for us. Concerned about the mix up, we asked her to re-confirm our booking at Birdland. She checked and said it was all arranged. At the restaurant, we received a dessert compliments of the SoHo Grand.When we arrived at Birdland on Sunday, we found that there was no reservation under our name, the SoHo Grand, or any of the concierge's names, and no reservations were available. We called the hotel and asked to speak with the manager, who passed us on to yet another concierge who kept us on hold while trying to figure out what happened. We finally hung up after about 10 minutes. When we got back to the room, there was an apology note, strawberries and wine, but no explanation as to what happened or why, no adjustment to the bill, and no further comment when we checked out the next morning. In the end, everything worked out for us. We were not charged for the Blue Note. We had a great meal at the recommended restaurant. We got to see Oscar thanks to a compassionate Birdland hostess. Given the concierge service we experienced at the SoHo Grand, we felt very lucky indeed.	
Aug 29 2006 	Grand Hotel Great Concierge	I suprised my husband with a weekend package to celebrate his promotion. The lobby/bar area really rocks! Fab industrial/sleek decor! Pckg. included a voucher for drinks/appetizer at the bar. Great cocktails (they even match the ice with the cocktail - crushed or cubes)! we returned after dinner for a nitecap and the bar was really buzzing. Concierge secured us reservations for dinner and brunch the next day. Frette bathrobe (curiosly, only one) and linens were dreamy. Clean retro-inspired tiled bathroom (white subway and honeycomb tiles). Other nice touches, including A note congratulating my husband on his promotion, were appreciated.	
Aug 26 2006	Mother-daughter trip	I took my teenage daughter to NYC for an &quot;end of the summer&quot; mother- daughter trip, and the Soho Grand was the perfect hotel. Not only is the staff professional and helpful, but the neighborhood was hip and active! We could have stayed &quot;uptown&quot; in a stuffy hotel......but really enjoyed the neighborhood, and spent very little time in the room! Which, by the way, was similar to an apt. that I had rented 20 years earlier in the village,but much more luxurious!My daughter was able to meet friends in the &quot;garden&quot;, and hang out in the lounge, instead of &quot;going out&quot;. We will definetly come back to the Soho Grand!	
Aug 21 2006	A wonderful hotel for a weekend getaway	My husband and I had the opportunity to celebrate our anniversay this past weekend with the Soho Grand's special Anniversary Package. We stayed only one night...but the experience was really great...thanks to the wonderful amenities provided by the hotel. Besides encountering a supremely gracious staff, we were bowled over by the bottle of Veuve Cliquot which was waiting for us in our room...along with the chocolate covered strawberries and rose petals at our bedside. What a nice way to start our stay! The hotel itself is beautiful...the epitomy of Soho chic...and the location can't be beat...if Soho is your favorite NY neighborhood...as it is mine. Alas...Soho has been overrun by way too many people during the day...but the hotel is a welcome respite from the hordes on the streets. Yes...the room was beautiful and comfortable...though too small...but isn't that the case with all chic NY boutique hotels? The full complimentary American breakfast was great All in all...a great hotel experience at a really fantastic price. It isn't often that you spend time in a hotel without thinking you are paying way too much money for your stay. As a seasoned business traveler, I would say that The Soho Grand ranks at the top of my hotel experiences.	
Aug 12 2006 	The Grand IS Grand	We have stayed at The Parker and a few Ws throughout Manhatten...From the second we gave our car to the valet at the Soho Grand, we knew it was going to be good. Everyone was very professional and friendly. They went out of their way to make sure our room was as requested.When we wanted to take the subway instead of cabs during rush hour, the concierge made sure we knew the exact trains and stops we needed. We see no reason to stay elsewhere in the future.	
Aug 9 2006 	Great hip hotel!	The Soho Grand provides great guest service! We were very impressed with it's location and unique amenities. The bed was absolutely dreamy and there were actual opening windows including one in the bathroom! We booked the 'Seduction in Soho' package. The champagne at check-in was fantastic, however the shopping discounts were not great and were available at stores that we had no interest in. All the other details of the package are true to the Internet advertisement and wonderful. I would book at the hotel Web site directly, in addition, be sure to sign up as a Grand Guest. I believe you have to sign up seperately if you plan to stay at it's sister hotel - Tribeca Grand.We will definitely stay there again!	
Aug 8 2006 	Grand Indeed	I recently stayed in Manhattan for four days on business. I am from there originally and am very picky about hotels. The neighborhood itself is fantastic - you can walk to everything and there are tons of restaurants, bars and shops nearby. The hotel itself is brilliant. You walk into a somewhat subdued lobby where only the concierge desk and elevators are located. The main lobby/bar/restaurant are technically on the 2nd floor so you are able to bypass all of the hubbub by slipping up to your room from the main floor elevators. The rooms are small (but what rooms aren't in NYC) but well-placed furnishings and comfortable ammenities abound. The flat-screen tvs with DVD players are a huge plus. The bathrooms are really a decent size, as is the closet (rare in NYC). The bed is extremely comfortable and most rooms have great views. I stayed on the 8th floor and had a lovely south-facing view. It's nice not to be facing an air shaft!I ate at the restaurant/bar and visited &quot;The Yard.&quot; All were highly enjoyable. The staff were also very friendly and accommodating. For the location, ammenities and service, I can't say enough great things about this hotel. I will definitely be back.	
Aug 7 2006	Loved the stay. Great room friendly staff.	Lovely stay. Nice check-in experience (towels &amp; champagne). Room was good size (was expecting a smaller room which is typical for boutique hotels). Staff very friendly. Compared to other hotels (eg 60 Thompson) the rates were preferable.	
Aug 6 2006	Fun in Soho	What's not to like about checking in and being rewarded with a chilled Champagne cocktail right at the desk? A pet goldfish in the room kept me company for the brief time I was awake and not roaming about the area. The Concierge gave great recommendations for casual lunch and breakfast in Soho. The room was much roomier than what I recall from my last visit (or maybe my expectations of New York hotel room sizes have gotten smaller), the linens were nice, and the staff was very friendly. I love the Soho Grand and they acted like they loved me, too. It was a pleasure to stay there and I'd happily go back again.	
Aug 4 2006	Very hip hotel	We stayed at the Soho Grand for a long weekend under the Seduction in Soho package - excellent value. This was booked on the hotel's web site - I could not find cheaper rates anywhere else.Our room was excellent and decor was what you would expect at a boutique hotel - trendy.All the staff were friendly and helpful - they even arranged for a limo to collect us from the airport. Contacting us by email before the trip to check if we have any special requests was a nice touch.We most certainly recommend the Soho Grand.	
Aug 2 2006 	What a cracking view	went to stay at the Soho Grand on the advice of a friend of mine, and boy was i pleased i did, what a great hotel, nice staff, easy to navigate the whole of manhattan from, lovely to walk around soho and greenwich. the hotel gave us a room looking uptown directly at the empire state building and the Chrysler building, i loved it, loved new york more than i thought i would, i think it was because of the hotel............recommend it to anyone....	
Jul 31 2006 	Great NYC hotel	Great service, they really go out of their way to accomodate guests. Smallish rooms, but typical for the NYC. The hotel is &quot;hip&quot;, but not too hip that they forget how to treat their guests. The perks were a welcome treat, and really good as a &quot;Grand Guest&quot;. I will certainly stay at the Soho Grand on my next visit to New York. Overall, a wonderful NYC hotel!	
Jul 31 2006	Don't believe the good reviews - STAY ANYWHERE BUT HERE	My wife ordered the &quot;Producers VIP weekend getaway&quot; which was heavily promoted by them. According to the package we were supposed to get tickets to the producers broadway show and stay at the Grand King room.In realty they made a mockery of us. Called us up after we arrived in NY to let us know that the tickets were sold out (so much for the &quot;VIP&quot;) and that we could go to another available show (which was complete garbage). When we explained that the only reason we came was for this show and asked that they refund our money (as per the terms of their offer) they refused.They ruined our weekend, cost us money, and now we have to deal with doing a chargeback to get our money. Several calls to the hotel showed us that there is 0 customer service there. Everyone is dodging bullets and hangs up to phone when there are problems. STAY AWAY FOR YOUR SAKE!	
Jul 26 2006	THe SoHo Grand is the best place to stay in NYC	Since January of this year I have stayed at the SoHo Grand 5 times and everytime has been incredible. I have traveled to NYC many years and have stayed at many different hotels, mainly in mid-town but I will never stay anywhere else from now on. The service is excellent in every area of the hotel. The doormen are so friendly ( even remembering you from previous stays), the front desk is extremely professional yet personal. The rooms are so beautiful and comfortable. The view is incredible. THe concieres are absolutely the very best. Every restaurant they have recommended has been excellent, ones that I go back to again. If you need show tickets, they can get them. They really help with anything you need. I have traveled extensively and I can truly say that this is my favorite hotel. I will not stay anywhere else in NYC and tell all my friends about it. The SoHO Grand knows what customer service is all about and everyone of their employees buys into it. You can tell when a place is managed well by the pride that their employees display and every employee in that hotel is proud of their job and works very hard to make every aspect of your stay perfect.	
Jul 26 2006 	SoHo Grand -City chic	We have stayed at the SoHo for our anniversary for the past four years. This year we booked the Anniversary weekend package which was a great deal- champagne, chocolate dipped strawberries, free breakfast, rose petals- all at a better price than a regular weekend reservation. The staff here is always courteous, the rooms small but adequate, and the bar/lounge area is one of the nicest I have seen in the city. It is a contemporary styled oasis in the most exciting section of New York- great restaurants and unbeatable shopping	
Jul 25 2006 	Great Location and Friendly Staff	Hotel offers excellent location for exploring the SoHo, Tribeca, Greenwich Village neighborhoods. All the staff I interacted with were friendly and helpful--the doormen always gave a warm hello, Carrie the concierge recommended wonderful day spas, the front desk attendant kindly allowed me an early check in. Internet access available free in the Business Center. As a member of the Grand Guest program I received free continental breakfast delivered to my room each morning and a complimentary snack my first evening. There is a also a handy machine on each floor with complimentary hot beverages. In a town like New York, the extra value offered at this hotel is a definite plus. I also booked the Birthday package, though it was not my birthday, and received yummy cupcakes, a wonderful giftset of shampoo and conditioner and a compilation CD. I booked a King Deluxe room. Not exactly sure what made it a Deluxe room, however I have no complains. The bed was amazingly comfortable which is the most important thing to me. The two day spas I visited were Euphoria in Tribeca and Banyon Citispa on W. Broadway. I highly recommend both. On West Broadway just up the street from the hotel check out Satellite Paris for amazing jewelry and relatively affordable prices. It's the company's only store in the US. Restaurants I visited on this trip were Nobu in Tribecca for lunch. Got there at 11:45 when it opened and the place was mobbed already, the Risotteria in Greenwich Village which besides offering an awesome selection of risotto, pizza &amp; panni, specializes in gluten-free dishes, and Salt on MacDougal which was also wonderful. All in all, a great weekend, can't wait to go back!	
Jul 24 2006 	Not Good  Stay Somewhere Else.	Hello,Actually no I did not have a good stay and checked out the next morning. Here is a list of all the things that went wrong:1.The bathroom on the lobby floor was in such a bad state that I didn뭪 go to the bathroom. I brought it to the attention of the brunette at the front desk and she didn뭪 seem to care. 2.My room smelt a little moldy.3.The bathroom in the room definitely needs updating: tub, sink, and shower dated back at least 20 years. 4.The room was very small even for NY standards. 5.I booked three rooms for our company meeting and they charged all three rooms to one of our employees for the entire expected trip of 4 days. Poor guy couldn뭪 use his CC. 6.One of our employees came in 2 days early and since I booked the rooms they wouldn뭪 let him check in. I had put in the notes area that this room was for him, but they failed to acknowledge that. He had to track me down between flight and get me to call the hotel. 7.The front desk staff is not helpful at all in any way shape or form. 8.On the day we checkout Jessica Simpson was leaving the hotel and I gave my baggage tickets to a bellman and he lost them and it took me over an hour to get my bags back. 밅an뭪 imagine what Jessica Simpson sees in that hotel9.The hotel isn뭪 located in a very nice area of soho, you have to walk a few blocks away to get to the nicer shopping area of Soho. 10.Gee my list can go on and on but I뭠l stop here.Thanks, Camie	
Jul 17 2006	the Soho Grand is fabulous!	We spent one night there for a 50th birthday celebration in NYC. The room was spacious, and confortable with a large window overlooking Soho. Amenities were great, flat screen TV, DVD &amp; BOSE CD/Alarm clock, outside garden &amp; lounge area. The staff was professional and attentive to your needs. The birthday celebration package included champagne at check-in, early check-in and late departure, complimentary drinks and appetizers in the lounge, a music CD and special gift in the room, all for the same price as the regular room. A must stay, we will definitely go back again.	
Jul 17 2006	Soho Grand...great spot will return	Hotel was easliy accessible and had a friendly staff to assist from the minute you arrived. Hotel is decorated in a very industrial look, very cool. Room was clean and comfortable. easy walk to little italy, greenwich village and china town.	
Jul 12 2006 	Great place	Upon arrival, the doorman was very helpful and friendly. In fact, all the people employed there were courteous, knowledgable and professional. The decor is very trendy and attractive. The public areas of the hotel kinda reminded me of being in the middle of a stage or movie set. Visitors tended to be young, urban and stylish. Very eclectic and interesting atmosphere. I would definitely stay there again on future visits.	
Jul 11 2006	never again!	j haven't had a stay this unpleasant in a long time! i am a demanding customer, but these guys are just amateurs! this is gonna be a very short review because i have no words to describe all the wrong things in this hotel. the service is just horrible! everything from laundry to guest relations is just not functioning. never going to stay here again	
Jul 11 2006	Expensive Dirty Bathrooms	We stayed one night at the SoHo Grand. The area is amazing and perfect for those restaurant and shopping savvy guests. However, the rooms at the hotel were not quite as pleasurable. The bathrooms were modest and also very dirty with hair and soap remnants from the previous guests. The shampoo, conditioner and body lotion samples were only half filled which gave the appearance that they were reusing those that were left by previous guests. The staff was polite but not overly friendly. Would choose another hotel in the SoHo location but wouldn't stay at the Grand again.	
Jul 10 2006	A great hotel	The best hotel in the world to travel with your dog. The bar/lounge is the best in the city,and you may sit there with your dog too. And the doormen are marvelous.	
Jul 10 2006	Soho Grand is indeed Grand	This was not our first stay at the Soho Grand, but it was among the best. We took adventage of the 'Anniversary' special, and it was just fabulous. From the moment we approached the front desk to check in, where we were offered a glass of champagne, the staff was uniformly friendly and professional. New York in July can be a bit steamy, and a refreshing cold towel was offered at check in as well. Our impeccably clean room was adequate in size, perhaps a bit smallish, but fine for two. There was a bottle of Veuve Cliquot champagne on ice, chocolate covered strawberries, a candle, and a long stemmed rose waiting for us in the room, a perfect complement to our romantic weekend. The king size bed had some of the finest linens I have ever seen, soft, smooth, and ultra luxurious. The towels and bathrobes were Frette, ditto the soft and luxurious. When I had occassion to call the front, they greeted me by name, and there was a personalized note from the General Manager on the table in the room; they really try to make you feel like an valued client, and it is a nice change from most other hotels! The room also featured a large screen flat-panel TV, a Bose CD player (with a small but hip CD collection to choose from), and high-end soaps and shampoo. Location is great, walk to shops, galleries, and some of the best restaurants in the world. The package also includes a full American breakfast in bed...	
Jul 6 2006	Soho was impeccable	My stay this time was four nights and 5 days. The experience was magnificent!From the Doormen who took me in and escorted me out, to the housekeeping dept that I never once saw during my stay but my room was spotless every day, to the service in the bar and restaurant, it was all fit for a Queen!!Even my last day when I went to eat my last meal which I wanted to have breakfast, it was past the time and into lunch. The host saw my disapointment and accomodated me with a breakfast menu, this is just to mention one little accomodation out of many I received during my stay.I want to thank all of you for making my trip to NY so enjoyable!	
Jul 6 2006	Outstanding	I stayed at the Soho Grand Hotel in NYC from July 2nd through July 4th 2006 and it was one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. The hotel was immaculate from the lobby to the lounge to the guest rooms. Service was incredible and catered to any needs. I would highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Jul 5 2006	A Grand stay in Soho	Just spent another night at the Soho Grand and have had several stays of 2 or 3 nights since 2001. This is a great hotel, with great service in a great location. The rooms are fairly small, as most NYC hotels are, but the space is utilized well so they do not seem claustrophobic like rooms at The Hudson, Paramount and countless others. It pays to join their grand guest program on their website as you get great rates (especially at their slower times) and perks like free bottle water, fruit and cheese on your arrival.There is plenty to do in this great neighborhood with everything in walking distance (unless of course you are heading to broadway!).	
Jul 5 2006	Service some of the best I've had...anywhere	Having already stayed at a couple ofl other New York properties and eaten at various high quality restaurants, I assumed that nonchalent service was just something you'd have to put up with in New York. However, at the Soho Grand I was greeted warmly, provided an excellent room with a view of the New York skyline and spoken to in a friendly courteous manner by every member of staff I encountered. A few drinks in the hotel bar were an enjoyable way to end the evening. Having stayed at 5 star hotels in other cities around the world, I can honestly say that this is up there service-wise with the others. Something I would not have anticipated after my other New York hotel experiences. And the rooms are pretty good too.By the way, I later stayed at the Westin Times Square. I would have stayed an additional night at Soho Grand, but the deadline for cancelling my Westin reservation was up. Although the Westin is a nice hotel facilities wise, the service was not. The check in guy couldn't find my reservation, then condecendingly asked me if I had the right hotel. I quoted my Starpoints number and it came up - no apology. No help with my bags, and when waiting for an elevator to my room with my bags, a porter with a trolley full of other bags moved quickly to make sure he got in the elevator before me (thereby filling it up) so I had to wait for the next car. Similar lack of service quality was experienced at check out and attempts to get a taxi. The only exception being the male concierge who was very helpful in advice on airport transport (hire cars etc).	
Jul 3 2006	Excellent!	Excellent hotel. Very service oriented. Even had a goldfish in the room for my husband with a note from me as I requested. Beats any hotel we've stayed at in NYC. Would absolutely recommend and stay there again!	
Jun 28 2006	SoHo Grand is one of our favorites in NY	SoHo Grand is top notch. As native New Yorkers who now live elsewhere, we travel to NYC frequently for family obligations. We always stay at SoHo Grand. Service is wonderful, rooms are nice size, location is terrific!! Great vibe to it as well. Highly recommended!!	
Jun 28 2006	First Class Service!	To stay at the Soho Grand is to be treated like royalty. The staff is attentive, polite and accomodating in every way. Any time I called for something it was delivered within minutes and everyone is courteous and helpful.The decor is grand (as the name suggests) and the rooms are cozy with Bose stereo alarm CD radios and flat screen TVs. They even have a DVD/CD player with a selection of CDs you can try out and purchase. You can borrow a bike to ride, an iPod to listen to, and even have a goldfish if you get lonely (all inlcuded in the room price)!As they welcome pets, I was able to bring my dog into the lobby when I checked in and out, I could order dog food and treats, even a bed if I needed one, and they had water for him outside the hotel in the &quot;dog bar&quot;. Highly recommended.	
Jun 25 2006	SoHo Grand Perfection	I wish my stay at the SoHo Grand could've been longer. The hotel is very unique and very hip. The interior is like nothing I had ever seen before. Everything about my room was perfect - bed, size, bathroom and comfort. The concierge knew a lot of NYC and was able to give me some great suggestions for restaurants and shops. The restaurant/bar had great food and the DJ played a great selection of music - Ramones, Blondie, techno, dance. And right out my front door were all the great shops of SoHo and the Village. I will never stay anywhere else when I visit NYC.	
Jun 16 2006	Fabulous stay at the Soho Grand	We booked a package deal through the Soho Grand site about one week before we were scheduled to be in New York. The package deal was aobut the cost of a basic room, but with some extras-- including a room upgrade to a corner King (we had an amazing view of the Hudson on one side and to the south/east on the other), breakfast each morning, and a late check-in and out. There were flowers in our room (and chocolates), and some fun bath confetti (it was a &quot;romantic&quot; package theme). The bed, including the linens and the pillows, was pure luxury. I have never stayed at a hotel where the bed was more comfortable than my own. The bathroom and room size, while not huge, were both spacious for NYC standards and well-designed. The breakfast each morning was perfect, with fabulous coffee, delicious pastries, eggs, and fresh fruit flecked with bits of fresh mint. That and the NYT outside the door (even on Sunday) was the best way to start our day. It was so much so that we didn't leave the room until the early afternoon.The staff were extremely nice and friendly, without being intrusive. The public spaces of the hotel were lovely and uncluttered, and we especially enjoyed all the people who brought their pets. It's obviously a very pet-friendly hotel.The location is spectacular-- lots of do and see in the immediate neighborhood, and just a few blocks away from several different subway stations. We loved the Soho Grand -- we don't routinely spend that much on a hotel when we stay in the city, but it was worth every penny.	
Jun 12 2006	Service With Style!	I am a woman with the most complicated taste... and I was pleased with the Soho Grand's style and amenities. The rooms are terribly small, but the service was spectacular, the food (especially the Mac &amp; Cheese) fantastic, and the toiletries unparalled (So good, in fact, I walked for an hour to find the tiny shop that makes them... so that I could spend $160.00 on a bottle of lotion). Although this hotel didn't have the giant gym, the oppulent spa... the staff made it feel as though any wish was thier demand. I would recommed this hotel to my most high maintenance friends...	
Jun 12 2006	The Soho Grand is grand!	I used to live in NYC, but since relocating to the eastern end of Long Island, my husband and I still like to spend the occasional weekend in Manhattan. This has become somewhat challenging since the birth of our son, who is now almost a year old. Most hotels, as you know, will take every opportunity to charge you for anything, and we've become accustomed to this, especially when we need a crib in the room (this averages about $40 per stay, in our experience). I am delighted to report that not only does the Soho Grand have a complimentary program for people with babies, which includes a crib and baby toiletries, everything else was wonderful as well. We joined the Grand Guest program, which gives you 10% off your room and a welcome ammenity. We choose the fruit and cheese basket, which was a lovely and ample treat. We also booked the Seduction in Soho package (there are many other packages available), which included 2 cocktails (at $12-18 a cocktail, this was quite a nice surprise), late checkout, early check-in, chocolates, glasses of champagne, and a full American breakfast for two. Freebies are often subpar, but not here. Our breakfast was delicious - the eggs were fluffy and the scones buttery. The staff were accomodating without being fawning, and were very helpful from the get-go. A doorman pointed out a free parking spot on the block, though he could've easily hawked the hotel's $45 parking. Our baby spit up on the sheets in the middle of the night, and someone cheerfully came and changed the sheets for us. When I didn't have change for a room service tip, the server was very gracious and said that these things happen and told me not to worry about it. Of course, that made me want to hunt him down and tip him even more once I got change, which we did! I have nothing bad to say about this hotel and wholeheartedly recommend it. It's in a great location, the rooms are a decent size, and the perks are endless. It's our official hotel in the city now - can't think of higher praise than that!	
Jun 8 2006	a very mixed experience at the Soho Grand	The greatest assets of this hotel are its location and its style. I had had a mixed experience on a previous stay but because I needed to stay in the area again, I decided to give the Soho Grand another try. Upon arrival I had prompt, friendly service at the front desk. It then took over 45 minutes of waiting and a phone call on my part to get my luggage brought up.On the positive side, my room was very clean, well soundproofed, and offered a stunning view of Manhattan. Housekeeping service was good and responsive to my needs.On a less positive note, some of the furnishings are in poor, shabby condition and there is clearly no thorough checking of rooms prior to their occupancy. On a previous stay I had a defective TV set. This time, the TV set was fine but the floor lamp did not work, as its light switch was very visibly broken. It was replaced to my satisfaction.The in-room telephone was also defective. Every single attempt to call either guest services or room service would result in interrupted connections -- that is, when I managed to get a dial tone. I requested that my in-room phone be checked and replaced if need be. I don't know whether it was. If so, the second phone also had problems. My last call, to request luggage pick-up as I was checking out, was cut off (as usual). On my second try, the staff member at the front desk told me that the line was not functioning well that morning. Since it had not functioned well for the past six days, I was sadly not surprised.By the way, that request to have my luggage picked up was not followed through. I had to call yet again twenty minutes later, at a time where the hotel did not appear to be particularly swamped with arriving or departing guests.The room service staff was prompt and courteous. However, not once in six mornings did the room service tray include a plate (never mind two) for us to eat, say, the pastries from the continental breakfast. I was disappointed by the room service menu. I found it, like the hotel itself, heavy on concept and light on satisfaction. The good-quality deli across the street from the hotel became, by default, my daily source for more appealing options.The doormen were helpful, friendly, professional. But they didn't make up for the various annoyances that popped up during the stay and that pointed to a lack of true attention to detail. For this very steep price, a stylish hotel should not neglect basic good service to the degree that the Soho Grand does.	
Jun 8 2006	Polite efficient helpful	Pleasant room with a nice view Uptown. Everyone I dealt with was polite without being too formal and very helpful. Managed to get me a table at the Gramercy Tavern on very short notice. I'll go back.PH	
Jun 5 2006	Fabulous hotel the epitome of NYC	I arrived very late after a delayed flight from London for my stay at the Soho Grand Hotel and everyone from the doorman to the reception was very friendly. The bar is open late with a funky laid back yet sophisticated atmosphere. Great location, went for a morning run along the river and central to numerous places to eat and shop. Good size rooms as well. I would recommend.KimmberlyLondon, England	
Jun 4 2006	great location	We love staying here. This was our forth visit. The location is great near shopping and restaurants and we always get good service. We like the modern decor.	
Jun 4 2006	Loved every thing about it !!!	We are a 39 and 42 year old couple who just came back from 3 nights at the Soho and absolutely LOVED IT!!! First of all it is important to take everything into perspective. We are talking about New York City. Rooms are expensive and small, and a view is usually non-existant. So, for me personally, what makes a good hotel is the rooms, comfortable beds and living space, friendly staff, great location, and good amenities. The Soho Grand has all those things.The rooms are average small but definately comfortable. The way the furnishings are placed definately makes the room appear and feel larger than it is. Beds were extremely comfortable with down pillows and fluffy duvets, plasma TV;'s are a nice touch, bathroom was also small but very well laid out. The rooms felt new and fresh to me. Good airconditioning and the window also opened if you prefered. Only had a pedestal sink but there was also a shelf and table in the bathroom to allow you to lay out your things comfortably while you get ready. Showers were marvelous - great pressure and nice and hot. Tons of towels. Yes it is true that there isn't a coffee maker in your room (although the in-room bar is very nicely stocked with a nice assortment of drinks and goodies) but there is a marvelous machine on every floor that made good coffee, hot chocolate, water for tea, etc. I was very comfortable strolling over in my PJ's or robe - never saw anyone anyways (regadless of where you room is, couldn't be more than 30 steps or less). Complimentary continental breakfast was a nice touch each morning - fantastic pastries and coissants. Hotel amenities were perfect for us. Fantastic lounge and restaurant. Very cool and chic - a bit on the expensive side, but the quality is good.Service was fantastic - from the front desk, to the conscierge, to the cleaning staff (turndown service was very nice also), to room service....everything was quick and everyone was extremely polite.The location was superb!!!! We had had enough of uptown and midtown, so this time we decided to stay in soho so we could spend our limited time in the great neighbourhoods of soho, grenwich, etc. This hotel is in the BEST location!!!! Right on West Broadway. Within 50 steps you have amazing restaurants and shops at your disposal. Oh yeah, forgot to mention - taxi fares from Laguardia airport to hotel were also a nice surprise. To the hotel was only $24.00 and from hotel back to airport was $33.00 (we got stuck in traffic) - much less than the other fares that I have been reading. Taxi fares uptown to Rockefeller Centre/Saks/Lord and Taylor/5th Avenue Shopping approximately $10.00.We definately recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a boutique style experience in a hip, cool and relaxed area of soho and greenwich area. We definately would and are going to come back again. In fact we wouldn't stay anywhere else anymore.Go and enjoy!	
Jun 3 2006	Soho Grand is all around excellent!	We go to NYC several times throughout the year..whenever we stay overnight we stay at the SOHO grand. The grand is sheek &amp; sophisticated...From the pretty staff,l to the room ,to all the added touches they offer....my favorite is the fish! ( if you are not bringing your own pet- which is allowed, they offer to supply you w/ a &quot;pet goldfish&quot; to keep you company during your stay- he is generally in your room upon arrival)....the location is great for walking ...lots of shopping, restaurants, &amp; galleries-perfect for those artsie types....into town...a $20(ish) cab ride..the price is not cheap, but they do sometimes offer fun packages &amp; off peak season it is definitley a good buy! As fussy as someone like myself is, I can't say anything bad- even if a mistake is made, ( hey we're all human!), their recovery is more than satisfactory! hope you to enjoy.	
May 31 2006	Not so grand	For the price and reputation, the Soho Grand did not meet my expectations. I stayed here in May 2006 as part of a wedding party and was fairly disappointed with the service. The reception staff was stuffy and unaccomodating. Even though I called ahead one day before and that morning, I was unable to check in one minute before the offical 3:00pm check in. When I requested extra towels, I did not receive them for 2 hours when the room was made up. The room was small, typical for NY, and the bed was comfortable. While the hotel was clean and modern and the location was great, I felt that the hotel was overly pretentious and ordinary for it's service level and price.	
May 30 2006	Enjoyed staying at the SoHo Grand Hotel in NYC	Although I only stayed overnight at the SoHo Grand Hotel my experience was above average. The bed and room was comfortable. Basics like coffee, tea, hot chocolate were compimentary, available at all hours of the day and night. Service was immediate. I met a friend there, coming from New Jersey. The hotel staff coordinated our arrival without any issues. All staff were polite, friendly and accomodating! The service had a very personal feeling.	
May 30 2006	Excellent B-Day Package	I took my husband to NYC for a whirlwind tour, starting with our stay at the Soho Grand. Booked the B-day package (Cupcakes, champagne toast, free gift, early check-in/late check-out, etc.) Overall we were very happy and would certainly visit again. I must admit I was a bit nervous about my choice after reading Fodor's 2006 (old and tired decor) and some of the 1 star reviews on Trip Advisor, but we found nothing of the sort to be true.The staff was nothing but gratious. We had 1 snafu (No champagne toast as promised upon arrival - we had to ask twice, but very apologetic and friendly about the situation).The room was great - contemporary, view of uptown as requested, etc. Loved the cd selection for the Bose radio and the flat screen TV. B-Day cupcakes were the best I have ever had (And I am not a cake person).We loved the location of the hotel - minutes by foot to all the cool shops/restauarnts etc in SoHo. The Grand Bar was great - good drinks, great apps (didn't have a full dinner), and great music. It was a happening scene, but not a &quot;SCENE&quot;, so we felt very comfortable.We tend to be pretty picky (will never stay at another &quot;W Hotel&quot;)- and we both thought this hotel was great.	
May 26 2006 	bad for a 5-star hotel	I had issue with my card keys every day and had to go down on a slow elevator to the reception all the time. Sometimes the hotel staff happened to be there and they helped me. (they were actually nice) But the reception was usually shorthanded and I had to wait for a while...it made me feel miserable at the end of the day, when i was looking for a relaxed bath!The room was not throughly cleaned, and in fact I found more than one grass particles on the floor, fortunately before I inujured myself. Amenities were not replenished until I leave a note to ask for.. (I tipped! fyi)Coffee maker is not in the room, while there was a big coffee machine outside along with ice maker. Many people went there in their bathrobe.. so did I..even though I once was taught not to go out of the room in such an attire :p Afterall it was a five-star hotel, so you can expect comfort to certain extent, but I thought I could expect more! (my rating is based on my expectation for the hotel of that grade, just let you know.)	
May 23 2006	Loved the Soho Grand	I love being spontaneous and the unexpected, hence I love visiting NY. I also like something to ground me. The Soho Grand is what I use for that. I always make sure I stay there.	
May 16 2006	SoHo Grand Top Notch Service	Just returned from a weekend at the SoHo Grand. My second stay there and the service continues to be first rate. Each and every staff member we encountered was warm, friendly and helpful. The rooms are no larger than the average NYC hotel, but they are well appointed and what the rooms lack in size the hotel makes up for in amenities, service and location. Besides, what are you doing in your room when you can walk out the front door and enjoy SoHo?	
May 15 2006	loved the soho grand	we loved the area, great location in soho. the rooms are small but comfortable, great amenities. we were on the 14th floor. pretty quiet. we really enjoyed our stay. the architecture of the hotel is very cool.i would recommend this hotel	
May 8 2006	Soho Grand is GRAND!	We chose the Soho Grand because it is in an area we love, and because it welcomes our pet dogs with open arms and doggie treats. As an added bonus, the rooms are extremely comfortable, the service is impeccable, and they give very good discounts to their returning guests. I would highly recommend the Soho Grand for anyone visiting New York.	
May 8 2006	Grand Hospitality	As a relocated native New Yorker, it was a delight to visit my home town and stay at the SoHo Grand. Every member of the staff from managers to housekeeping couldn't have been nicer. The atmosphere is one of downtown sophistication, the service is like being at a family estate.	
May 7 2006 	our goldfish had great views	Dear Ian,We love the Soho Grand........thank you so much for your consideration.There were a few times we had to get new keycards because the ones we had failed. This meant a trek back down to reception. Luckily my wife and I were born with fortified bowels.Nevertheless, the only serious complaint was that we didn't recognise our goldfish after his water was changed.Thanks again,Paul &amp; Kai	
May 6 2006 	A great place to stay!	I liked this hotel so much that it is now at the top of my list of places to stay at in Manhattan. I was travelling for business and it was so refreshing to stay at a hotel that was not full of &quot;suits.&quot; Since it's located in Soho, the clientele is very young, hip, and artsy. The staff is very accomodating and efficient. My room had a terrific north view of the city and was very comfortable and cozy. It did not feel like a hotel room. Another plus of this hotel is that it allows pets. I highly recommend this as a place to stay.	
May 4 2006 	Exceptional service	What they lack in space, they make up for in service. So, I have to be completely honest...I am torn because I travel A LOT for business and over the past two years have stayed everywhere from the Four Seasons and the Ritz to the Rivington in NYC alone. My room at the SoHo Grand was by far the smallest for the price of anywhere I have stayed in NYC. On the other hand, the service parallelled that of the best of them. I was even treated by the hotel General Manager to amazingly delicious cupcakes and a note on my birthday! Everyone was super friendly and the concierge was quite helpful. The food at the hotel was excellent as was the atmosphere. The hotel is located in a great location--in walking distance to a multitude of trend-setting bars, restaurants and shopping. As far as being pet friendly is concerned, my dog Mork had an amazing experience. They sent up a comfy pet bed and bowls upon arrival. He was in heaven. The live goldfish in the room was a fun added touch. They have complimentary coffee, hot cocoa and tea on every floor! Also, if you register with their Grand Guest program you receive complimentary yummy pastries, tea or coffee, and juice daily. Great for the business traveler, especially since their wifi worked seemlessly. I would definitely stay here again for the service and location but...in an ideal world, I would love to couple that with a more spacious, modern room. But remember...in NYC it is all about making choices...space is scarce in general so there is always a trade-off, whether it be neighborhood, service, or whathaveyou...In my opinion, SoHo Grand has excellent service in a fun and vibrant neighborhood. That works for me. And, remember...the room was small, but only compared to my standards, which might be a bit skewed, so definitely keep that in mind. Overall, I give them an &quot;A.&quot;	
May 2 2006	Great Hotel	This is the 3rd time my husband and I have been &quot;Grand guests&quot; we have stayed at both the Tribeca and Soho Grand Hotels and have found them both to be very enjoyable. The rooms although small are luxurious with all the necessary amenities. The service is excellent with great attention to detail. Both the &quot;Seduction in Soho&quot; and &quot;Tryst in Tribeca&quot; packages include breakfast in bed. (Breakfast at Tribeca is better) I would highly recommend either of these hotels.	
May 1 2006	Great Hotel in a Great Location- Very Impressed!	We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Soho Grand, and I was vey impressed. I just read a review this woman from Luxembourg posted, (a few down) and can only say our experience was the opposite: We found the hotel staff to be very courteous and helpful. They even offered us &quot;loaner&quot; umbrellas (nice big ones) as it was raining for part of our stay. Although we did not bring our dogs, we also love the fact that it is a very pet-friendly hotel.As mentioned by other reviewers, the hotel is in a great location- one of the best neighborhoods in New York, with lots of great dining options nearby. We were also pleasantly surprised with the room service. We ordered 2 late night snacks and one breakfast, and all arrived within 30 minutes and all were still hot and actually surprisingly good food for room service. The hotel lobby and bar area are also very nice. Our room was quite large by New York standards, but maybe we were jaded because last time we stayed in one of the tiny jail cells atthe Hudson hotel last stay. (we could touch 3 walls at the same time). The hotel also offers a nice business room, with access to several Mac and PC computers for free. I brought my computer to check email, but did not need it- you can definitely leave them at home.Overall it was a great stay!	
May 1 2006	one word: HORRIBLE	I stayed 2 nights at USD 500 a night, the shower didnt work properly, the room was small and extremely ordinary. Sent out shirts to be ironed same day but they messed up so I got it back 2 hours too late AND they charged it. Trust me, I travel a lot and everywhere and this was one of the worst experiences ever.	
Apr 30 2006	Soho Grand revisited	My husband and I stayed at the Soho Grand April 21-25, 2006. This was our 3rd. stay in the past 2 yrs., mainly because of the fantastic location. In the past I would have rated it as okay, but with some problems. This last visit was a pleasant surprise with marked improvements!From the moment we arrived to the very time that we departed the service was attentive and detailed. I believe that we had contact with every department of the hotel. The professional and courteous manner of each staff member, from the young woman at the front desk to the maid service, room service, concierge and doormen is to be commended. This reminded me of previous stays at some of the great service hotels worldwide.Our room, while small in U.S. standards, was newly refurbished. Great bed and great linens! Basket of fruit, turndown service were nice touches.Needless to say, we were very happy with our stay and plan on staying again next time.	
Apr 26 2006	A great stay at the Soho Grand - Much better than we expected	Having read some of the reviews we were a little worried but we ended up having a lovely time at the Soho Grand. From check-in to check-out we found most of the staff to be polite, friendly and helpful. The possible exception to this may be some of the doormen and the concierge who did the basics of their jobs and thats it (they weren't rude but were just not very forthcoming but perhaps that is just New York!). We had booked the Seduction in Soho package for my 40th birthday and stayed 4 nights over the Easter weekend. We were given a nice room (more spacious than we expected) with views of the Empire State). The package included champagne on arrival, breakfast in the room everyday and drinks at the bar (we had an issue regarding this last bit - i.e. what was promised at booking and what was given on arrival but this was swiftly and pleasantly resolved to our satisfaction by Sonya at the front desk). In fact Sonya went as far as sending sparkling wine and chocolates to our room to make our stay even more enjoyable. A lovely thought!We loved the location - convenient for subways, restaurants, bars, shopping etc. The bar at the Soho Grand is fun and the standard of the food good.	
Apr 25 2006 	Stay here	Beautiful, hip, urbane, exciting. Perfect location. Great bar. Spacious rooms (for NYC) at a reasonable price. Attentive and knowledgable staff.	
Apr 24 2006	A place to avoid	Arrogant and incompetent staff  small and noisy rooms. Worth $250/night.Over the last 20 years, I stayed at various hotels in NY city, ranging from $200 to $700 a night. My stay at Soho Grand has definitely been my worst experience. It is notably due to the behavior of its staff : arrogant, unpleasant, unhelpful, and with an attitude.  Front desk, just like room service, is badly understaffed. As we were checking in around 2:00 PM, the front desk lady advised us to wait a full hour, because our rooms were not ready, since 뱋fficial check in time was at 3:00 PM. She did not even bother calling the cleaning lady to if she could be speed up a bit so we don뭪 have to wait another full hour after an 8-hour plane trip from Europe. Even Motel 6 does it! Eventually, we left our luggage at the hotel and came back around 6:00. We were then given rooms (901 &amp; 1101  numbers to avoid), from which, surprisingly enough, we could see and be seen by an adjacent corner room! Thus, we had to close the curtain of our single window room for the whole stay to retain a little intimacy. We then asked to change of room, but were told that the hotel was fully booked  of course;  The room was ordinary, extremely small, noisy, the furniture cheap; the bathroom chronically undersupplied with toilet paper and tissues, insufficient water pressure, and not very clean. The floor lamp was broken when we came in, just like the curtain (we asked both to be fixed), and only a few hangers were left in the closet;  In the morning, we decided to order a breakfast. They told us we had to wait for an hour. We said that it would be too late. They replied that they would then cancel our order! Fabulous! The evening, we asked it to be delivered the next day between 8:30 and 8:45. It arrived at 9:20! without an excuse, just a missing crescent we had to order back through a very unpleasant room service lady. Then, prices were cheaper when you made your order the day before, and this for the same low quality food (the coffee was more of a tasteless brown water liquid than anything else). If you do not know what quality and service mean, do not pretend you do;  One evening, we had a drink at the bar, they brought 2 cold drinks  one of them being a fake 밼reshly squeezed orange juice, and we had to wait another 10 minutes to see the warm drinks coming;  As you were coming forward to the staff, it seems that you were more of an annoyance to them. It seems that they had to attend to higher tasks than serving you. What they are indeed paid for. If you were not leaving a tip for storing your luggage, two of them would stop to reply to you!;  The climax of this journey came when I tried to take a picture of the totally empty lobby on the ground level, as I was waiting for my friends. A woman showed up and said they had a 뱊o photo policy. I saw tourists taking pictures for days, the concierge never said a word, but this arrogant woman decided I could not (was it because I was carrying an expensive camera around my neck ?!). Not only was she looking at me with superiority - although I suspect she could not really afford to spend the $1800 we left there over a few days, but she asked a security guard to repeat the message to me!!! Absolutely unheard of!!! In fact, I could only advise them to have a 뱊o photo policy for the rooms but not the lobby.	
Apr 23 2006	great stay	Had a nice stay at the Soho Grand. The rooms are a bit small, and they only have king beds. (I was sharing with a girlfriend, and we would have preferred two beds). Our bathroom needed updating. The bar is great fun, and very relaxed. Location is great. Concierge was helpful. This was my second stay there, and I'd do it again. I only wish that the rooms were larger.	
Apr 19 2006	Great Location impersonal service	Would highly recommend the Soho Grand for location, Soho is fantastic for bars, restaurants and shops. The hotel itself is lovely, the rooms are small but everything you need is in there. Only downfall is the lack of friendly service! The staff were stoney faced, no one offered to help take our bags to our room and we werent offered any kind of guide to the hotel (here is the bar/restaurant/gym etc ...)it was almost as if it was above them to help us. It is not cheap to stay here and i for one expect a much better service for my money.	
Apr 17 2006	Brilliant	Unbelievable view of Manhattan to the north. No issues with noise (was on the 14th floor). Friendly helpful staff. Couple of issues with lamps handled quickly. Super convenient location to Soho and subways. Will defnintely stay there again.	
Apr 17 2006	. . . and they have Goldfish :)	Incredibly cute hotel, great amenities (including iPods, and loaner goldfish, should you need one).Great location with Concierge service that really knows the neighborhood and the city.Incredibly friendly and efficient staff.Loved it!!	
Apr 16 2006	Amazing hotel superb location impeccable service	I have stayed around the world in several 'Leading Hotels', and have been frequently impressed by their service. However, the SoHo Grand had been recommended to me in New York as being in an ideal area, and so I ditched Leading Hotels and opted for the SoHo Grand. I'm SO glad that I did. Upon arrival, our goldfish was already installed in it's bowl in our room, and seemed quite at ease. The room was beautiful, with extensive views over SoHo from our Corner King. The bed was sumptous, and the bathroom had an understated beauty. I suppose the overall style is reminiscent of a 1920's luxury hotel, but the hotel is far from stuck in the past. There are plasma screen TVs in each room, as well as iPods and BOSE sound docks upon request (free), as well as a BOSE CD player. There is a gourmet mini bar with such treats as gummi bears and organic chocolate, as well as the usual alcoholic treats. Over to the bathroom, and a selection of 'We Live Like This' products (shampoo / conditioner / shower gel / creams) are provided, as well as thick and lucious towels.The communal areas of the hotel are impeccably presented and are beautiful. There are large adornments of flowers around, which contrast well with an industrial style. The fitness and business centres are well equipped, and the bar is great with excellent service. The uniforms that the staff wear are very fashionable, with a very beautiful black dress for the front desk staff. The concierge were knowledgable and courteous, and provided some amazing dinner recommendations (Kittichai was a high-end Thai highlight).The actual hotel is seconds away from luxury boutiques and is well connected for all of the main tourist destinations.All in all, an excellent hotel, which comes highly recommended.	
Apr 13 2006 	Regularly stay at the Soho Grand	I enjoy the comfortable rooms and beds, the great service, and a quiet night's sleep. Great access to restaurants and shopping as well as NYU.	
Apr 11 2006	Still sophisticated and unpretentious	Just spent the weekend at the SoHo Grand Hotel. I have stayed at the hotel many times and continue to feel that the hotel strikes a near-perfect balance between attentive service and respect for my privacy.The rooms are very comfortable, the staff is elegant and fun, and I especially appreciate the fact that the doormen and the bellmen all know my name and genuinely seem happy to see me when I return.	
Apr 9 2006 	Location and Service!	Stayed at the Soho Grand recently on business, and found it fantastic in terms of service and location. Just a block from the heart of Soho shops and restaurants, Chinatown, subways, etc.The service was fabulous as well. Everyone was very helpful and full of smiles, which always makes a difference.The lounge becomes a great hangout place at night, and is a great place to have a morning coffee.I'll definitely stay here again.	
Apr 5 2006	I Wasn't Going to Do This	It's not like the secret isn't out. I mean, for years people have been staying at The SoHo Grand. But I never did because when I went to Tripadvisor, I was some times scared off by the uneven reviews. Which lead me to stay in many different places: The Rivington, Hotel Gansevoort, The W, etc. But I must say, and I really am loathe to write this but feel a certain responsibility to like-minded individuals, The SoHo Grand is the best hotel I've stayed in in the city. Period.First off, it's beautiful, and beautiful in a New York way. So while your personal tastes might be one thing or another, the SoHo Grand captures New York City (all the good parts anyway) and puts it into every single detail, large and small: the black and white photography adorning the walls, the dress code on the sleek and handsome staff, the large, glorious coffee cup waiting for you in your hotel room -- it's even present right down to the glorious Terrazzo floors you step upon when you first enter this stunning hotel. As far as the guest rooms go, each is so comfortable, even homey. The bathrooms have that lovely white brick-style New York'y tile, the bathtubs are deep, roomy, but not too large -- which I, a bath person, do not enjoy, the water pressure reminds one of why every New Yorker brags about New York plumbing. The lotion has a lovely vanilla aroma, and the shampoo actually WORKS! And even the hardware like the sink handles, etc. are that sort of white porcelain with black writing you'd think you'd see if you were staying in some grand hotel in the Manhattan of the twenties or forties.Maybe the SoHo Grand is what the Algonquin was like in the day (I've stayed there too -- don't bother now, unfortunately). And let me say the views on the north side of the hotel are stunning (I can't vouch for the south, I didn't stay there). Picture postcard. You'll probably have a photographic view of the Empire State Building smack-dab in the middle of your large and spacious bedroom window. Can it get better than that?Yes. Because the bed is the best in NYC. Or put it this way, it's right up there with The Hotel Gansevoort and I must say, better than my own. I'm thinking of buying the whole thing. And one thing I found considerate and unusual are the draperies. They have a thick heavy, cloth drapery you pull down that very efficiently blocks out much light and, I would venture to guess, noise as well. This is a commodity in Manhattan.As far as the social aspect goes, the bar and lounge are hopping but with some interesting people and ACTUAL NEW YORKERS. Coming from NY myself, and having lived in the city about a decade ago, I love places that attract the real-deal people. And it's a sophisticated lot. You're not going to see Bridge &amp; Tunnel people here. I think they'd be kicked out -- okay, that's mean, but you know, they just would feel uncomfortable. This is a high-caliber place. Not snooty, necessarily, but certainly a scene where taste, culture and a little bit of wealth and worldliness prevail. Like SoHo itself and that's another thing. Of course you have to evaluate what part of the city you'd like to be in, but for my money, SoHo is the most exciting, beautiful area and for some reason, right now, it's better than it's been in years. I can't quite pin it down. The whole city seems to be alive in a way it hasn't for years and SoHo is capturing that. That's pretty thrilling and certainly makes my heart swoon for all New Yorkers who've been through such difficult and tragic times.But back to the hotel: Free WiFi in the Lounge for guests as well as a well-functioning Business Center on the 3rd floor are very helpful. So are the people. The doors were held open for me, if there were ANY problems Axl and the people at the front dest took care of it right away. And they were kind, remembered who you were and took care of you. In fact, the staff was much better than the models at The Rivington (my review, Nov. 14, 2005, is a little off. After this experience, I'd give it a 3 not a 4 rating). But I don't want to mislead. The employees at The Grand are also easy on the eyes, but unlike the Rivington's Abercrombie &amp; Fitch runway concierges, in addition The SoHo's people are super-duper competent, friendly and efficient. Sorry, Rivington, but the truth is the truth. Perhaps you've improved in all this time, and if so, my apologies.Oh, and before I forget, if you request it, they put luscious goosedown pillows in your room and a goldfish for a pet -- which I loved. Not as much as the girl I met in the elevator who requested to take hers back with her to Ohio. But they said no, he'd die. She looked so sad but they let her carry him around in a plastic bag for awhile. See, this hotel, in every respect, is the best place on the planet.Which is why, fellow travellers, I thought I shouldn't tell you. Because I want to be Eloise and stay there myself all the time and always have my special room (the actual number I choose NOT to share with you) and just have the place to myself like a favorite restaurant before the word gets out. But you know, when something is so good, and people have treated you so well, I feel they must be rewarded as hugely as possible. And besides, I only get to go to NYC once or twice a year. With that said, and my desire is to always be able to stay there -- no ifs ands or buts, let's just keep this little note between us, okay?	
Mar 17 2006	Loved the room	The Soho Grand was a gorgeous hotel, with a very courteous staff. What we loved most was the queen size bed. It was very very comfortable and the linens and comforter were exceptional. For all of you that have trouble sleeping in hotel beds try out this hotel, we got a great nights sleep.	
Mar 13 2006	Classic and cool	The location of the Soho Grand just can't be beat...it's right in the middle of everything. The rooms are predictably small (welcome to NY), but not claustrophobic. They are very well-decorated, as is the rest of the hotel. I have stayed in a regular room, as well as in the Penthouse suite (complete with 600 sq. ft. terrace). While the size of the rooms varied, they were both very well-appointed, beautiful, and clean. I don't rely on the service of hotels much, but in my opinion it's good when you don't notice it (i.e., you don't have to ask for things because they've taken care of everything for you). In this regard, the service at the SG was excellent. It's pricey, but worth it...particularly for a weekend in NY.	
Mar 10 2006 	I had a res Soho had no room	I had a guaranteed reservation for a room on Wed night. After having dinner nearby, went to the Soho Grand at 9:00pm to check in. They had no room for me; &quot;over sold&quot;. I offered to even pay more for a higher class room .. anything. No room. I had heard this could be a problem from a cowrker who endured a similar experience, and I went as far as to press the reservationist ahead of time. I was ensured that there would be a room available for me. Well, no room. Their offer was to pay the $5 for a cab ride over to the Tribeca Grand. Nothing else. Once at the Tribeca Grand, the only room supposedly available was on the 3rd floor overlooking the bar area. And, the door was already open when I got there. I found out from another guest in the hall that someone else had just been in the room, apparently not liked it and left! Soho Grand ... Tribeca Grand ... These places are bars/restaurants that also happen to have hotels. Service is nowhere to be found. Quality of product is terrible. Will never return.	
Mar 9 2006 	Great Hotel in the best part of NYC	I love this hotel and its sister hotel down the street, the Tribeca Grand. The staff is awesome and very helpful with everything. The rooms are small but stocked with so many amenities that you feel at home immediately. The location in Lower Manhattan isn't convenient for Midtown (but who needs to go there anyway!) Cool SoHo shops are a mere few blocks away, everything else is a short cab or subway ride away.The SoHo Grand is my first choice when I am in NYC!	
Mar 7 2006	loved my stay	great hotel, great location, great continental breakfast delivered right to your room, perfect place to stay in the city.	
Mar 6 2006	An ideal location staff and amenities	The Soho Grand proved to be the ideal location and hotel for our trip to NYC. A drink upon arrival awaiting you at the front desk, bell men who could grab you a taxi in under one minute, goldfish in the room and a bed comfortable enough for a queen. We loved it! One additional perk is it's closeness to Soho and Chinatown.	
Mar 4 2006	Soho Hot	We had a great night at the Soho Grand. The staff was friendly and accomodating and our uptown facing room had great amenities like a flat screen tv, cd player and internet connection. The rooms are minimalist but comfortable. The lounge was a great place for a late night drink. Adrienne at the front desk was one of the most accomodating invividuals I have ever met while traveling.	
Mar 3 2006 	Great Place Great Service	As a frequent traveller to NYC, I've stayed in many hotels, but my strong preference is the Soho Grand. The location is great, convenient to work, restaurants, nightlife, but there are a number of hotels in that area. What sets it apart is--among other things--the people and the service.As a frequent guest at the hotel, I requested a minor modification on an upcoming visit. To my pleasant surprise, they responded very quickly to my request, and went out of their way to ensure that the request was carried through.Sometimes it's the little things that the most memorable and keep you coming back.	
Mar 3 2006 	I can't fathom who is writing in with the great reviews of this mediocre hotel	Having stayed at this hotel for four days in Dec 2005, I can't imagine why anyone would write a glowing review of this place. I travel a great deal - I've been to 32 countries and lived on three different continents - and I think I have a reasonable basis for comparision. In line with many of the other reviews here, I thought the staff were completely fake with an overblown air of superiority. Personally, I wouldn't describe it as 'great service' when the people who get paid to service us, the hotel's customers, treat us as if we are annoying interruptions to some other more important task. And why dripping with attitude? I suspect not one of them could have afforded to shell out the $600/night the hotel was taking off of us. Also like many of the other reviewers, our bathroom was not very clean, the water pressure was feeble at best, the shower drain ineffectual, and we were chronically undersupplied with toilet paper and tissues. Believe me, there are a number of circumstances under which it is less than pleasant to have to call the front desk for toilet paper!One final note - we arrived from a long transatlantic flight and, as another reviewer complained, we spent 20mins just trying to find the check-in desk. They could have shelled out $50 of the $2400 we gave them to put up a sign directing guests upstairs. If this hotel charged $200-250/night I wouldn't be writing this negative review. However, at $600/night I expected a bit more from the SoHo Grand.	
Mar 2 2006 	Lipstick on a Pig -- Two-Star Mediocrity Masquerading as a 4-Star Hotel	Reading the reviews on this site, it seems that there are two Soho Grands, a hip, trendy 4-star hotel and a two-star with cramped rooms, spotty cleanliness and rude staff. Unfortunately, I stayed at the second one (and saw no hint that the first exists).The rooms are pitifully small, and not particularly clean. There is minimal space to do anything but sleep. The bathrooms are likewise a tight squeeze. Moreover, their beds/bedding are not up to 4-star standards. These problems were not unique to a single room, because I was moved twice before finally giving up and suffering through a night there.The first room was a smoking room that absolutely reeked, had stains all over the carpets, and scratched-up furniture. The second room, supposedly a non-smoking room, likewise reeked of smoke and obviously had not been well-cleaned since there was a disgusting, rusting pair of tweezers laying in the middle of the tiny table that doubled as the room's &quot;desk.&quot; (I have a photo). I offered to leave if they would refund my money, but they refused. Finally, I was moved to what they described as an &quot;upgraded&quot; room, which I guess means &quot;a room that does not stink,&quot; because that was the only noticable improvement.Also, don't expect a sound night's sleep. The SoHo Grand is located just above the exit from the Holland Tunnel. Know what comes through the Holland Tunnel at night? Trucks. Lots of them. Big, loud trucks rolling out of the tunnel all night long, their snorting and belching motor and exhaust noises only being amplified by the echo chamber effect of the tunnel.The staff's snooty and unhelpful attitude only adds insult to injury. Worse still, the front desk and guest services were badly understaffed. As a result, several times I had to wait in line or on hold for 10 minutes for the pleasure of being subjected to their shabby treatment.True, the bathrooms have nice toiletries and the room has a plasma screen TV, but this is just smearing lipstick on a pig. If the SoHo Grand were advertised and priced as the 2-star hotel that it is, I would not complain (of course, I would never have booked it). It appears that most of the guests of this establishment are European tourists, who seem not to know what an American 4-star hotel is supposed to be like. (Perhaps ignorance is bliss.) Unfortunately, I have spent hundreds of nights in dozens of New York City hotels over the years, so I know better.Bottom line, this dump compares unfavorably to a Holiday Inn Express or a Hampton Inn. If you are expecting quality, stay away, stay very far away.	
Mar 2 2006	Beautiful hotel top-notch service	This is a beautiful, hip hotel in a great part of town. Everyone on the staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful, and all of our requests were treated with care. I really can't think of anything they could have done better!	
Feb 27 2006	Soho Grand - Amazing Pet-Friendly Special Occasion Weekend Destination	This is a terrific luxury weekend getaway place -- the staff are so welcoming and helpful. The location is also stellar if you enjoy walking around a variety of great neighborhoods (with or without your dog!).There is no better place for pets. Our Collie LOVED this place more than any other place we've ever taken him -- from the bed and bowls for him in our room to the abundance of attention in the public areas, including being able to join us for cocktails in the lobby lounge area -- which was a really fun scene filled with characters and trendsters on weekend nights. He was truly welcome (as opposed to just permitted or tolerated at many nice hotels).The room itself was small (welcome to Manhattan), but really well-appointed with nice views of the busy street on one side and the Empire State building in the distance on the other. Surprisingly, the widescreen TV is really low quality equipment for such a nice place otherwise. The bed was great. The bathroom was fine.Housekeeping was efficient and charming when we met them -- they handled the dog in the room really well.Twice, the room service breakfast service and food quality was the only low point of our stay. The lounge area food later in the day was far better for some reason. The communal coffee service by the ice machine in the hallway is also adequate but not impressive.The fitness center is small and sufficient for basic workout needs.	
Feb 23 2006 	Cool place	Cool hotel, a nice mix of industrial, euro and old world. On the order of the W, but without as much attitude. Plasma TV, soft bed. Great location in SoHo near financial district worked well for me on business - and the price was a bit better than most NYC hotels. Would stay again	
Feb 21 2006	Weekend haven	It's a beautiful hotel; very simple and elegant. The location is great -- perfect for walking the city and access to good restaurants.	
Feb 20 2006	Nice Locale Mediocre Accommodations	I booked a stay at the SoHo Grand based on its trendy reputation and proximity to SOHO's shops and hang-outs. The trip was a late valentine's gift into NY, so I was aiming for something fun, Soho-ish, but sexy/romantic. As expected, location was nice and the lounge/bar were enjoyable. Now granted I did get a regular suite, I'm disappointed to say the hotel and its service was significantly less impressive. The Pros - Unbeatable location - Great Bar and Lounge - Innovative ammenities (e.g. iPod station option, CD's in room) - Decore consistent with the feel of the neighorhood - Nice viewThe Gripes - Many of the service staff seem pretty junior and un-trained in hotel service.  - My bed at home was better - Poorly stocked toiletries - Smelly room - The TV may have been the one I gave to goodwill 10 yrs ago. - More trash in front of the hotel than any other neighoring store. I mean a lot of trash.  - Poor quality towels. - The list sort of goes on...(unfortunately)I have no problem with staying at motel, in fact, I sort of like it, just not paying nearly $300 for a room. Overall, the hotel prices expensively because of its great location, which is good enough leverage. I can't recommend against because its in a great part of town. You may want to look elswhere and do a little more homework before you stay at the Soho Grand.	
Feb 20 2006	Great location	Great view, Great location, Great ambience, Great City	
Feb 19 2006	Wonderful hotel.	We stayed a night at the Soho Grand and had a wonderful experience. The Staff was welcoming and efficient (a glass of champagne offered at check-in was a lovely touch). Location in NY was great. Can't wait for another excuse to stay there again.	
Feb 13 2006	Very nice	This hotel was absolutely outstanding. The service was amazing, and booking it was easy and simple. Although I didn't stay in the room long, it was of a very high standard.Will definitely stay again.	
Feb 11 2006	A room with a view	We treated ourselves to a long weekend at the Soho Grand over the Thanksgiving holiday. We flew all the way from CPH to my hometown and arrived at the hotel tired and jetlagged. Check-in was warm and friendly (remember this is NYC). Upon arrival, they noticed it was our birthdays (my man and I have birthdays 3 days apart) and delivered a deliciious chocolate cake to our room. How thoughtful. The service throughout our stay was extremely high. Room service was fast, delicious and expensive but worth it. The rooms are small. Again, this is New York where space is a commodity. But the small thoughtful amenities such as not only a cd player in the room, but also a varied selection of music, puts the Soho Grand a step above your traditional hotel. On Thanksgiving Day, we were treated to free-flowing hot pumpkin cider. Best of all was the view we woke up to every morning and went to sleep to every night. My hometown never looked better. The Soho Grand is what a downtown NYC hotel should be, plus a whole lot more.	
Feb 6 2006	Beyond my expectations	I truly enjoyed my stay at the Soho Grand. My room was spacious and lovely. I will stay there again and again.	
Feb 6 2006	soho seduction	You can not beat the soho grand for a romantic weekend away. My wife was shocked that I took her to shop in soho for the weekend, the hotel is great and easy to everything in soho. The package for the weekend of seduction is a big plus.	
Jan 31 2006 	Stay at Soho Grand	My daughter and I came in from Florida to the Soho Grand hotel. We throughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The design and decor of the hotel was unique and appealing. The restaurant was fun and had good food. There were good places to shop and eat just steps away from the hotel. It was out of the busy part of New York, but still had plenty of energy.	
Jan 24 2006	Lots of style...needs more substance	I have stayed twice in the Soho Grand , once on business and once for a romantic weekend with my wife.It is an incredibly cool and hip hotel. The staff are ultra smooth and cool but are not overtly friendly -- they seem to look upon guests as a nusiance.Rooms are small but comfortable -- room service never answer the phone --- probably checking themselves in the mirror.The bar at weekends is extremely busy and there is no benefit in being a resident -- you have to queue along with everybody else for a table.That said we did spy a whole bunch of celebrities etc in the bar which please my wife no end !Once you know what you are dealing with (e.g. my first morning there I had breakfast in the dining room -- my bacon and eggs was served by a lady who looked like she stepped straight out of the Robert Palmer Addicted to Love video !) then its good but don't expect an overtly warm welcome !It is extremely cool but not very friendly.The location however is second to none -- you have all of Soho etc on your doorstep --great bars /restaurants/ shops.	
Jan 19 2006	Good as Usual	Returned to the Soho Grand for 3 days over MLK weekend. Had a great time as usual. The people at the concierge desk are always extremely helpful and very pleasant. The remodeled rooms look great.	
Jan 19 2006	A Hotel With the Comforts of Home	Nice concept for a hotel. I enjoyed the fact that it is not top-heavy with staff. The whole experience feels like you are staying in a luxury apartment. I always enjoy my stays at the Soho Grand. The staff are courteous, the service good and the public spaces are very nice. I recently discovered a website called Tablet Hotels and have since spent some time daydreaming about staying all over the world. When it comes down to actually doing it, they always have the best price.	
Jan 19 2006	Soho Grand or stay home!	The Soho Grand just 'gets it'. The only place we will stay when we go to NY. great staff. They will even give you goldfish if you like!	
Jan 16 2006	Amina is the Greatest Concierge	Amina Blacksher, the Concierge, really made the our stay memorable.	
Jan 15 2006 	Hip Hotel Great Neighborhood	I stayed at the Soho Grand for four days on my first trip to New York. The Queen Deluxe room was much larger than I would have expected for a NY hotel, and was appointed tastefully. Large down pillows and soft sheets made for a comfortable sleep. When I had down time it was relaxing to lounge on the bed and watch the flat screen TV. The hotel is newer (built in 1996), but has a retro quality. The lobby has a very cool atmosphere with eclectic music playing softly throughout the day. At night, a DJ played in the lounge. Location is excellent with plenty of restaurants nearby. Close to several subway stations as well. Unique hotel in a cool neighborhood is a nice break from the lights and noise of mid-town. Bonus feature- Soho Grand emailed me prior to my arrival see if I wanted a loaner iPod and Bose docking station, as well as a Goldfish in my room (Yes, Goldfish).	
Jan 14 2006	Badly done Soho Grand Badly done	I live near NYC and go there freqently but seldom have occasion to actually stay there. Recently relatives came to town for New Year's Eve and chose to stay at the Soho Grand. I was delighted as it was a hotel I pass often and read about but had never actually been in it for any reason. My relatives invited me and my spouse to join them for New Year's Eve celebrations at the hotel. Sounds like a fun, right? WRONG.We arrived at the hotel at the appointed time and were immediately sent to stand in a line to get wrist bands. I don't know about you, but the last time I had to wear a wrist band to get in and out of a function was in high school. Think up something a little more elegant, Grand, come on. Next, we passed through three different checks to get to the table. There were bouncers everywhere. If you can't control the crowd in your hotel, then perhaps you shouldn't offer the party. It was bizaar and again, not elegant.The cost of $200 pp included an &quot;open bar&quot; and I will say, that any drink you could order was available. The problem was finding the waiter to be able to order. Easy to offer an open bar if you don't take drink orders, huh?I will praise the chef. The food was very good. There were some problems with the buffet set-up and trying to keep warm foods warm but overall, I must say the food was well done, original and a good variety. Again, we had to stand in line. Seems the Soho Grand likes the Disney approach to dealing with guests.Next, the entertainment. The entertainment for the evening's event consisted of blaring recorded music, a TV screen mounted in the dining room (no, I'm not kidding) tuned to Times Square's festivities. I guess to allow the guests at the Soho Grand to live vicariously through the group at Times Square. In the dining room one large table consisted of a family of ten people. This family group included two children under the age of 10. It was really fun having the kids blow their horns in our ears.As the evening went on, there was less and less evidence of any wait staff tending the dining room. We had to go to physically find the waiter to get some champagne poured for the New Year's toast.That's just my personal experience with the Soho Grand. My relative, instead has told me that when the hotel was informed of the problems we encountered at the party, the hotel apolgized and offered a free upgrade to a suite on their next visit. The coulple were already staying in a suite. There seemed to be little if any concern about the dissatisfaction of these guests.Finally, my relative's review of the hotel and rooms was that they were very small (not unusual in NY) and not at all elegant or warm. She did not understand why the Soho Grand has such a trendy reputation. She was not impressed.	
Jan 12 2006 	Luxury pretense but no substance	I have stayed at the Soho Grand on repeated business trips throughout the past year. My company has agreed corporate rates with them, so I am forced to stay there. I believe the Soho Grand has all the veneer of being chic, exclusive, luxurious, but fails to understand that this needs to be backed by the same level of service.While I could forgive the tiny rooms, their customer service is consistently bad with every visit. The check-in staff are inattentive and unhelpful. They make you feel like an intruder, rather than a guest. By comparison, I have stayed at different W Hotels in Manhattan, and by the second visit, I was greeted by name.Room service is poor, with cold arrivals and mixed orders.The Soho Grand has no idea of how to run a hotel, especially with repeat clients. It's sad that even when I'm not paying, the hotel is horrible.	
Jan 9 2006	Great time at the SoHo Grand	I just spent the weekend at the SoHo Grand with my mother for her birthday-we had a terrific time at the hotel and loved the location-we got to the hotel very early (9:30am) and they checked us in immediately-we decided to switch rooms from a SoHo style room to a Classic style room (which is cheaper and we thought looked the same-except without a plasma tv-just a regular tv-they say the SoHo rooms are renovated but we did not see any difference and would recommend the savings with the Classic style room) and they switched us immediately and with no hassel-they also gave us 2 drink vouchers for the bar when I told them we were there for my mom's birthday which was very nice-the concierge was helpful and the bar area is very nice and has great atmosphere-my only complaint about the room was that we found a piece of candy on the floor from the previous guest-otherwise room was clean-but the rooms are very small-I expected that for downtown NYC-it was fine for a weekend but not sure where would put luggage for a long trip-we did look at 60 Thompson (another hotel nearby) and that was a little cheaper and nice as well-would stay at 60 Thompson as well (same location essentially but a little funkier) but the SoHo Grand has a great feel to it. The other nice touch was at checkout they honored a verbal statement from a parking attendant about a lower parking rate than what was on my bill. Overall wonderful experience.	
Jan 9 2006	Very dissapointed by the Soho Grand Hotel !	The Soho seems to live on its reputation. The building is nice, and the bar is cosy.But :a. the rooms are much smaller than they appear on the website,b. the staff level, the facilities, the amenities, are not consistant with the price : we waited almost half an hour to check in, one lamp in the room was out of order, the key for the minibar was lost and it took them an hour to bring a new one, there was no bath foam, the robes were whether durty whether torn, the room service forgot our order and we had to call them three times before they realise it and finally bring us our meal, which was desappointing, the butter was in a little pot with old ketchup in it !!We were very disappointed and, as a result, decided to move to the Mercer Hotel after 4 nigths, for the last 4 nights of our stay in NYC. And the Mercer is great, the quality difference is worth two our four times the price difference, which is not so big...Enjoy !	
Jan 4 2006	Soho So fab	Our second stay at the Soho Grand in as many years was just as wonderful as the first. Rooms and service excellent, location just perfect for wining, dining and shopping in the soho/broadway area plus just a hop over to meatpacking district. Not cheap, so the rooms feel a little small compared with a similar priced room in the UK but no less luxurious.	
Jan 3 2006	Soho Grand Hotel Recommended for Everyone	The Soho Grand Hotel deserves its four star rating. The accommodations were first class. The staff was friendly and accommodating. Even our eleven and thirteen year old boys were impressed. We could not have enjoyed our overnight trip to Manhattan more.	
Jan 3 2006	Soho Grand Hotel is Elegant and Hip	Over the New Year's week-end, my husband and I chose to stay at the Soho Grand Hotel. We found it extremely comfortable, easy going and incredibly well decorated in a modern but elegant style that many people can enjoy. We have stayed at modern hotels before that really don't hit that balance between modern and relaxing. But the Soho Grand has large comfy sofas and chairs in the breakfast/drinks area next to the lobby which enhanced our experinence towards the more comfortable range of the spectrum. The room, a deluxe King, was small but very well appointed with fabulous bed linens and nightside reading lamps, and a handsome dresser and armoire for clothes. The flat screen t.v. could have had a better picture. The bed was perfect for sleeping- very comfortable. Street noise is audible so maybe an interior room would be advisable for those who are sensative to noise. The staff was both accomodating and friendly. The breakfast was very good- great eggs, fruit, waffles and capuccinos.( Fun hip music without being overbearing.) The concierge did not come through as much as we had hoped so any dinner reservations you want to make that require a phone call that is one month in advance I suggest you do yourself. Otherwise they were knowledable and very helpful. 4 stars!!	
Jan 3 2006	New year's eve at the soho grand	the hotel was as nice as boutique hotels get in manhattan. the turn down service is markedly thoughtful, and the level of hospitality is a level above the majority of hotels.that being said, there were two issues with the hotel:1. i requested a goldfish and a bose sounddock three days before I checked in. It took 3 phone calls and 2.5 hours for me to get it.2. room service food was below average, not something that i would expect from a 1st tier boutique hotel. but despite those two annoyances, the hotel is stunning, and i would gladly go back.	
Jan 2 2006	Great New Years Eve Stay at SoHo Grand	I was a little nervous about staying at the SoHo Grand for New Years Eve. When I lived in NYC a few years ago, this place was as trendy as they come. I was happily surprised that every member of the staff seemed to appreciate our business from the front desk to the bell service. The rooms on the north side of the hotel are smaller but not too small and the city views are incredible! Part of the New Years Eve package had plenty of little surprises too. They offered glass of champagne at the front desk, there were cookies waiting in our room for us. The 2nd night they left chocolate covered strawberrys and went out of the way to make sure we took advantage of free breakfast offered to &quot;Grand Guests&quot;. Be sure to sign up for this Grand Guest program before you book. Bottom line: the SoHo Grand gave us a wonderful stay and we'll be sure to stay there next time we're in town.	
Jan 2 2006	Loved the bed	Great bed, slept very well. Upon arrival it's not very clear if you've never stayed that the lobby for checking in is on the first floor, and not ground floor where the concierge is. I waited 10mins with my baggage before someone asked me if I was checking in.Room was nice, clean - Tv could use a dvd player and better tuning on tv of the channels as the sound and image were not very crisp.I was dissapointed to find that the wireless internet acess was charged as an extra, and was not that fast when connected.But overall a very nice experience, the food was amazing, the chef is very good (and this is coming from someone living in Paris used to very fine dining)! Location is great for shopping in soho, much cozier than the atmosphere around the 5th ave etc.-Damien	
Jan 1 2006	Grand !! at the Soho Grand	Upon arrival to the Soho Grand Hotel you are completely enveloped by a feeling of style &amp; class . From the warm greeting I received by the doormen, to the wonderful restaurant recommendations given by the concierge, my entire stay was fabulous. It is away from the hustle and bustle of time square etc..., yet it is close enough to enjoy a short cab ride into mid town. The surrounding shops and boutiques are great, and all within walking distance! Although this past visit was not my first to the big NYC, it was my first at the Soho Grand. I will definitely be a repeat patron!!	
Dec 31 2005	the soho grand was very chic!	The staff was very friendly, especially for New York. And if you have a dog, take him or her with you. Everyone was nice to the dog. They even provided a bed and 2 bowls for the dog.The bed for the humans was also very nice. Sleek contemporary design. We'd stay again.	
Dec 31 2005	Another nice stay at the Sono Grand	always have a good experience at the Soho Grand; especially nice bathrooms with good amenities; be sure and check their website--often good deals there.	
Dec 30 2005	Modern Elegance	My second stay at the Soho Grand was even better than my first....I brought my husband this time for the Seduction in Soho package. We loved the chocolates waiting for us when we arrived, and breakfast in bed every morning was divine. The staff was friendly and attentive as always. We loved the comfy bed and fine linens, and the Cafe Mocha just steps from our room was a great way to start each morning. Do not miss an opportunity to have drinks in the ultra cool lounge area, may I recommend the Perfect Ten martini? Also, the concierge is a great help...got us in at Mercer Kitchen which I highly recommend. Skip the touristy mid-town crowds and average hotels....the Soho neighborhood is lovely and the Soho Grand is First Class! Can't wait to go back....	
Dec 28 2005	Soho Grand was great	We stayed at the Soho Grand &amp; loved it. It was in a great location (next to lots of shops &amp; restaurants), the food was great, and hotel staff was very friendly!	
Dec 23 2005	The Best Hotel in Downtown....and one of the best in the NYC	The Soho Grand is always my first choice of any place to stay in NYC. People seem to complain about the size of the room.....perhaps they should get out more! Admittedly, the rooms are on the small side, but I am not there to hold meetings or orgies....well, maybe mini-origies! But the rest of the hotel should meet everyone's expectations and needs. The food and drink selections are above just about any other hotel, the lounge area is THE BEST, and most importantly, the staff is beyond compare. From the moment I get out of my cab and am greeted by Martin, Jose, Chris (or any of the doormen for that matter), I feel like I am home. In fact, Martin and Jose have been greeting guests almost from opening day of the SGH - - that speaks volumes to me about the kind of people who work there. The desk-staff as well as the concierge are always eager to make my stay as pleasant as possible...special kudos to Mildred!!	
Dec 20 2005	Love the SoHo Grand	I stayed at the SoHo Grand this past weekend and had an excellent experience. The staff was very nice and attentive. The rooms are small like every other hotel in NYC. 225sqft-250sqft. However, the cocktail lounge makes this place one of my favorite in NYC. You really don't have to leave the hotel for entertainment. The bed was ultra comfy. The waitresses looked like runway models each and every one. Decor is awesome. I've stayed at alot of nice hotels in NYC and the SoHo grand makes my top 3. Proximity to excellent shopping and restaurants is just another great feature of this hotel. Bloomingdale's Soho is a 2 min. walk.	
Dec 20 2005	Loved it!!	Returned home on the 8th of December and I cannot wait to go back. I read such mixed reviews on this hotel so I was quite apprehensive. I needn't have worried, from stepping out of the cab to getting back in for my return journey home 4 days later my stay was perfect. The staff were totally professional, but still approachable and friendly and very very helpful. The rooms are small compared to some hotels but we didn't feel cramped at all, even taking into account our 3 huge suitcases. We were on the 11th floor and had brilliant views of the Chrysler building, Empire State etc. Watch out for the measures in the hotel bar they are very friendly!!!! We had quite a night in there, or so my husband tells me, I don't remember a thing and I only had 2 drinks!!The food in the hotel is excellent and there are also plenty of great places to eat in the area around the hotel. The shopping is also good.In short I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Dec 6 2005	Always welcome at Soho Grand	My friend and I meet at the Soho Grand every December. Every year we are treated well and the doormen greet guests with a smile! The hotel is clean and staffed with professional, courteous people. Wonderful hotel!	
Dec 2 2005	Loved the Soho Grand Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed for 2 nights at the Soho Grand - business for him, pleasure for me. It was fabulous and lived up to all my expectations. The location was wonderful, Jason the Concierge was so helpful with restaurant reservations and spa reservations for me. (The Soho Sanctury (spa) women only, Pilates, full spa, lovely locker room, excellent service, perfect, just a few blocks away). Room Service was great, the rooms were big and nice (with bathtub, comfortable bed. Would def. stay there over and over.	
Dec 1 2005 	a great hotel	a great hotel, with great service in a very hip area of New York.	
Nov 30 2005	Best place to stay!	Everything was perfect, breakfast in bed, grand margarita, perfectly clean; employees are intelligent and helpful. What else can you say?	
Nov 30 2005	Find another hotel	For $500/night, I should have no negative comments but I do, but first, the positives.The room was clean, comfy (although small), with a nice view. I ordered up the &quot;Seduction in SoHo&quot; package.Negatives: these are small, but I feel for the price, this place should have impeccable service and attention to detail. Firstly, I was supposed to get a champagne toast on arrival - part of the package. It didn't happen. Secondly, I received an email saying I could have an iPod docking station. I requested it, and again, it didn't happen. Only one cup for coffee delivered on a brekfast for two. A no-wait check out via TV didn't work - ironically the TV continued to say &quot;please wait&quot; for 15 minutes. I shut it off. The cleaning staff was a little too eager to get in the room in the morning, in one case without knocking, thank goodness for lock bars.The final kicker, I got an email from the manager after my return asking me to post positives to this site, but if I had negatives to send them to him directly.Stay somewhere else and save some money. I think this place was great at one time, so I've been told. I had friends tell me to stay at the Tribeca Grand instead...should have listened to them.	
Nov 28 2005	Great hotel and location	I have just returned from staying at Soho Grand on the Seduction package which was superb. Inludes breakfast, discounts on some shops in area, complimentary cocktails in their very cool bar, champagne on arrival and candles and roses in the room! We stayed in the recent renovated rooms which were great. Spacious, very trendy with all lastest mod cons (plasma TV, hire of ipods). Excellent location as well. Concierge very knowledgable too. Couldn't fault it. Definitely worth the money.	
Nov 28 2005	Great Experience - as always!	I have been staying at the Soho Grand for about 5 years now - it is a great place to stay and the service is always phenomenal. I am in New York 5-6 times/year and in the past have tried other hotels (New York Palace, Plaza, etc . . .) and albeit they were all nice hotels, I would choose The Soho Grand over them any day!	
Nov 28 2005	Soho Grand was great!	We stayed at the Soho Grand over American Thanksgiving. It was our second time there and we had a really good experience. The woman who checked us in was very friendly -- big warm smile and a &quot;welcome back&quot;. We had booked a regular Queen size bedroom and were upgraded to one of the newly renovated rooms. Very comfortable bed -- three or four different types of pillows -- from soft and feather to harder and foam -- nice duvets, a welcome plate of cookies and water and a personalized note from the manager -- generous bath products, windows you could open a titch to get some fresh air. They also threw in a free continental breakfast. All good. Small complaints -- not very good hot water pressure in the shower, especially in the evening for some reason. Hair dryer old and smelly (hard to explain, but the warm air coming out of it had an odd smell). We'd periodically see our check-in woman -- always very warm with a big smile. She was great! All of the staff were open and friendly, including the guys on the door, though the concierge(s) could be a bit stiff. Great drinks at the bar with a really good D.J. spinning fun tunes. Fabulous location. I've read some negative things about the Soho Grand, but both times (and especially this one), we've had a positive experience. We'll go back in a flash! Love the location.	
Nov 26 2005	soho grand/nice	soho grand is a nice hotel. the rooms are small but with comfortable beds and good baths. the service is very friendly. best is the convenience. their location in soho is perfect. short walk to all shops and restaurants. we would go back.	
Nov 25 2005	I want to live in this hotel!	my husband chose this hotel to stay in after seeing it in the sopranos, and I just loved it on sight. Funky, modern decor in both the public areas and rooms, friendly and helpful staff and the best cocktails (I recommend the &quot;perfect ten&quot;) This hotel is right in the middle of soho, but the area isn't too noisy. Our room was on the top floor with a fantastic view of the manhattan skyline outside the window. The room was generously sized with gorgeous frette bed linen, well stocked (but damn expensive) mini bar, big tv, safe etc, and a bose docking station was provided for my ipod which is a great touch. Breakfast was promptly delivered with fantastic coffee, and the hotel is pet friendly so there were plenty of cute dogs running around to cuddle.We also had eddie izzard staying just down the hall!The only cause for concern I had was that my in-room gold fish looked seriously in need of therapy!!I've stayed in a lot of hotels in my life, and this was one of the best. I can't recommend it more - it may be expensive but it's definitely worth it.	
Nov 24 2005	Great Location but soooooooo noisy	Just had a 3 day break at the Soho Grand. The public areas are wonderful, very trendy. The bar is hip &amp; fun, the staff friendly. But our room was tiny &amp; dark and very very hot. Couldn't sort the air con out. Wonderfully the windows did open but the traffic noise was non-stop - yellow cabs hooting and honking. (7th floor so quite high). Felt the hotel was overpriced, not very comfy and we wouldn't go back again. There is too much competition. The Soho area is a must to stay in.	
Nov 21 2005 	Will not go back to the SOHO Grand.	Upon entering the room at 12:00 am: Our toilet wasnt working. Our television wasnt working The night manager moved us, which was decent, but not until I insisted.  The rooms were like saunas. We were very uncomfortable the whole time. Our register didnt produce any cool. Then, it was our anniversery, and my gift was taken from the room, no one told us, and after I hunted it down, did I find it in security, but not until the wrapping had been removed on both items. The hotel is situated in a find area, and its almost the only game in soho right now, but I would NOT hurry back. For the money, 499.00 per night, I am used to a LOT better room. You obviously can get that for a room, but I felt ripped off. I travel extensively. I am in hotels all over the world. I think that for the money, I can find a place much more amenable.	
Nov 21 2005	Great Hotel 	Great Hotel. Location is perfect. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The coffeee machines on each floor were a nice touch and much appreciated in the morning.	
Nov 10 2005	Go here for fun.	Fantastic place. Great service and great location.	
Nov 10 2005	SoHo Grand - Seduction Package	Just returned from a 3 night short break in the Big Apple. The SoHo Grand provided a fantastic, funky base for our stay.The hotel is well positioned in West Broadway close to some great spots to eat out and shop! The ambience of the hotel and the staff combine to provide a hip but professional feel. The cocktail bar particularly hit the spot.The weekend seduction package was great value and the extra detail was appreciated by us.	
Nov 9 2005	Great location!	The hotel was above average with its ammenities. However, the location is excellent!	
Nov 8 2005	Great location	Great location. Easy access to Subways. Quick cab ride to central Manhatten. Fantastic restaurants within walkin distance. Wonderful beds, cool bar.	
Nov 7 2005	Anniversary	The Soho Grand Hotel is terrific. The service is great and the location is perfect for this end of town. Especially appreciate the staff's attention to the guests. We stopped by early to drop off our bag before check in and were told we could check in to the room then if we wanted. Nice touch. Also, breakfast on Sunday was as delicious as it was comfortable.	
Nov 7 2005	Great as usual	Whenever we stay in NYC it is at the Soho Grand. We have never been disappointed. Service, location, decor are all great.	
Nov 3 2005	Great choice	I just went to the Soho Grand along with my girlfriend and found it great, despite previous comments I read here. The staff is friendly and helpful (they open doors when you walk in, they take your luggage, but, most of all... they are prompt and fast!), the hotel design is very good and reminds you of the &quot;old NY&quot; (it's not one of those so-called minimal-chic like W, hotels that seems old after a couple of years...).Rooms are good although pretty small, like everywhere in the city. What really makes a difference is the hotel location and friendly staff, besides the glamour you feel when you are there.I recommend this hotel to all Soho lovers.	
Nov 1 2005 	Nothing can compare to the Soho Grand Hotel!!	I have been a regular at the Soho Grand. Recently they renovated some of the rooms and this weekend we stayed in one of them.The staff are wonderful, we stay there so often that they know us by name. Always friendly and very quick with service. Its within walking distance to all the great shopping , great restaurants and even you can have fun and shop at canal street which is 2 buildings down.Spring Street and even Broadway for great deals.Little Italy and Chinatown within walking distance.The hotel is like home to us. I have stayed at other hotels in NYC but nothing compares to The Soho Grand. Its very trendy looking but does not have the feeling.Nothing 'uppity&quot; about them.You will probably run into a celebrity or two while your there, we always do and you know what, even they are friendly and warm.My 12 year old daughter had a crush on one celebrity who was staying there and he spent the night talking to her and really made her day!!!I hate to leave everytime I go.	
Oct 30 2005	Soho Grand is Grand	The Soho Grand is grand is every way. They cover every little detail so that you feel that someone actually cares! The corner king view is the best. Pillows, blankets...total comfort!Since we travel alot we see a lot of shotty hotels passing themselves off as 4-5 star hotels. NOT the Soho Grand. They are truly GRAND in a very good way.Thanks!	
Oct 21 2005	Do not waste your money	The minute you walk into this hotel you know you are in for problems. the 4 doormen outside basically doing nothing, they do not open the doors nor do they get you taxis. I'm not sure why they are there as they are not even eye candy like in other trendy hotels. They do mention that the check in desk is on the second floor but of course offer no help with your luggage. We arrived after 3pm and they told us our room was not ready. Offered no apologies. Just told us to wait until the room was ready. Enough has been said about the rooms on this site, tiny and with no character, I guess they spent all the money on the lobby which is not even that nice.  We stayed in this hotel because the Mercer was booked on sat night but we had reservations for sunday and monday. the next morning we fled to the Mercer. Everything there was perfect. Attentive doormen, our room was ready at 10AM, the concierge was very nice and the room was beautiful, and larger than those at the Soho Grand for the same price. It was like the difference between flying in coach and then going to first class, thats how I would describe the entire experience. Quality/price the Soho Grand is a complete rip-off. Stay at the Mercer if you want to stay in Soho.	
Oct 18 2005	Emperor's New Clothes	Is the Soho Grand an example of Emperor's New Clothes? People were telling me this is a great place to stay. Well - it is trendy; and at nearly $500 a night it is certainly exclusive. But why on earth do people stay here? The staff are snooty; the room was so small my wife and I kept falling over each; there was no proper wardrobe and very little storage space anywhere else; and the decor was dingy and depressing We complained about the size of the room. They didn't seem that interested but there was a solution - we could pay another $60 for a bigger one. We chose an alternative strategy - we'd booked for 4 nights but checked out after 1.	
Oct 17 2005	Perfect Seduction Weekend	We recently stayed overnight at the Soho Grand with the New York Seduction Special. We were welcomed with a glass of champagne, had early check-in to our room (which was upgraded to a corner room without our asking), had complimentary cocktails before dinner, an excellent full breakfast in our room the following morning, and late (4 PM) check-out the next day. All that for $414 in one of the liveliest quarters of New York City!!!!!!!!! We can't wait to do it again. And neither can our Maltese Pup who has never had a warmer welcome in a hotel!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 16 2005 	Great ambiance - Rooms could use some help	I recently spent 2 nights here and loved the staff and ambiance of the hotel. The atmosphere at both bars was very cool and you can't beat the location of the hotel. The coffee machines on each floor were a godsend. The only downfall were the rooms. The cover on my bed had a couple of moth eaten holes and the overall room did not live up to the price as the rest of the hotel did. I'd stay there again only this time ask for a room with better sheets!	
Oct 10 2005	A fabulous weekend at the Soho Grand Hotel NYC	My husband &amp; I truly enjoyed our recent trip to NYC. Staying at the Soho Grand Hotel was the foundation of the entire getaway. Every aspect of our experience there was very impressive. From the rooms themselves, to the location, to the hotel lounge, and through the service of each &amp; every employee that we encountered, it was phenomenal. The Soho Grand Hotel offers a wonderful environent for an adult weekend getaway. We hightly recommend it to all couples out there!	
Oct 9 2005	Loved the Soho Grand	I have just returned from a stay at the Soho Grand Hotel in NYC located in the very posh Soho district of NYC. The registration staff person was wonderful as were all the staff I interacted with. The bed was very comfortable (which is very important to me) with nice, fresh modern decor and I had a fabulous view of the city from my window. The internet connection was great to have which I believe was included. While the room wasn't huge (but it was fine by NY standards) and not inexpensive, the location was PERFECT!, right in the heart of tons of excellent restaurants, cafes, high end stores all within easy walking distance and some just a few steps away. The hotel was also convenient to easy public transport if you want to get uptown to the MOMA in a flash. I'm pretty picky and this met all my expectations. I would definitely stay here again the next time I visit New York -L. Saul, San Francisco	
Oct 2 2005 	First choice in hotels when traveling to NY.	I travel to NY at least 6-8 times a year and THE SOHO GRAND has become my first choice in hotels. THe staff is great. love the location, easy to get around, even if you have to go uptown once in a while! Rooms are spacious, cool bar, great food in the restaurant. Highly recommend this hotel!!!	
Sep 20 2005	feel like a rock star at Soho Grand	You will feel like a rock star when you stay at the Soho Grand....or we did anyway. It's so nice to stay in a place where they really &quot;get it&quot; regarding service. Walk out the front door and your in Soho for goodness sake. How cool is that? The bar is open late which is pretty cool if you want to have a end of the night drink and talk about how awesome NYC is!Stay here!!!	
Sep 20 2005	how about a one star hotel?	This place is no where near a four star hotel. It provides nothing unless the thing that matters most to you is your 'hip' image. Hip replaces service, quality and a decent room. Hip gives you a big fat stain on the carpet...and 'cool' means the bathroom has a broken fan and an air conditiioner that rattles and pings all night long interrupting your attempts to sleep on a brick of a bed. I was so thrilled to be soho grand hip at the end of each evening while I rode the elevator from our room to the front desk four (4!) different times to wait in line to for a room key that never worked for than once or twice. The hippest part of all came when we ordered a meal before a broadway show in the restaurant....that just never came. We begged for some bread but alas that didn't even show so we feasted on the oh so hip apples that are free in the lobby. (You get what you pay for with the apples) I'm sure the wait staff were too busy looking in the mirror to worry about our food,...or maybe they were preoccupied with the cheap vanilla products they give sparingly away in your room. If you want a decent place, this is NOT it. If you want a place that helps you be 'hip' and 'cool', waste your money.You are exactly who they designed this place to accomodate. How much is hip worth to you?	
Sep 18 2005 	Soho Grand Hotel - Never again!!!	We were shocked at the room we had. For $556.00, we got a dirty room with a dirty bathroom. No joke. I realize its an old building but for the money do not expect it to be falling apart. Save yourselves the trouble of finding another hotel and moving as we had to do. Needless to say, we learned our lesson and will not stay at the Soho Grand again.	
Sep 13 2005	I'm a regular at the Soho Grand	I stay at the Soho Grand about once a month when I'm in the City for business. It's the only place I've stayed since I discovered it 7 years ago. I like its understated elegance, helpful staff, great (room service) food and it's cool, without trying too hard. I work in the art business, so location is important. It's close to Chelsea, the Village, and walking distance to Little Italy and Chinatown for adventurous dining. Great beauty salon next door (Prive)! The rooms are small and intimate and some have dynamite views. However, I hope that none of you chooses to book at the Grand since it's getting more difficult to get a room there!	
Sep 9 2005	Not what I expected - brilliant pet gimmick!!	I stayed here with my husband on our honeymoon for 3 nights. I was very dissapointed with this hotel however my husband loved it.The bathroom felt very hospital and so basic, but the freebie products were fabulous! The best I've seen.The location was a walk away from all the great treats, shops and restaurants. The subway is only round the corner, so the location was great for getting to Times Square etc...The staff were 'okay'. They were not rude, but they weren't pleasant. They were helpful and answered all of our questions about what to do and where to go.As I said my husand loved this hotel, I expect more luxury in a 4 star hotel and this felt very hospial ward to me.The best thing about this hotel was the pet fish I was given to look after throughout my stay!	
Sep 8 2005	Soho Grand is OhSo Grand!	From start to finish, this was a great experience. This hotel is the embodiment of &quot;cool&quot; and they do it with total &quot;warmth&quot;! We are a couple in our late 40's and brought our 15-year-old daughter with us, and it was great for all. The staff was helpful and totally accomodating in every way. We really felt like we were someplace special. The room, which which was a recently renovated corner king, was immaculate and comfortable. The plasma TV pleased my daughter immensely and the view was great. I especially loved the coffee machine on every floor -- just press a button and you had a cup of whatever strength you preferred, including hot chocolate.We spend some time in the outdoor restaurant and enjoyed the excellent burgers and salads. Very relaxing atmosphere.The location of the Soho Grand is fantastic. There is a true neighborhood feel, and it's fun to stroll down the street and look in the shops and stop for a bite. My husband and I like to jog, so we took advantage of the proximity to the river area and had beautiful runs with the Statue of Liberty looming in the distance. The hotel also has bikes that are provided free of charge and we took our daughter bike riding on the bike paths that are all along the river.A short cab ride and we were in Central Park and also saw a show and visited MOMA. But having stayed on Central Park many times before, we looked forward to getting home to Soho and strolling down the street for ice cream. The Soho Grand will be our only choice when staying in New York in the future.	
Sep 6 2005	SoHo Grand is Grand Indeed!	While the room was smaller than I anticipated, its comfort, luxury, and view made up for it in spades. The doormen and front desk staff (especially Karina, who is one of the most fantastic people I've ever met) were disarmingly friendly and helpful--very warm and unpretentious. I have to admit to a bit of disappointment in the concierges, as I felt they were a bit cold in comparison to the other members of the staff and ironically less helpful. However, I don't think that aspect had any negative effect on my stay at all....The positives outweighed the one negative by a longshot. I will definitely stay at the SoHo Grand again!	
Aug 31 2005	Soho Grand grand indeed!	Our wedding night. They greeted us very warmly, gave us complimentary champagne while we checked in and a fruit and cheese basket once we were settled into our room. The room was beautiful and very comfortable. Couldn't have been happier!	
Aug 31 2005	Good to be back.	We admit we strayed and tried some of the new 'Young Pretenders' in NY like the Gansvoort (pretty, but service very very lacking), and the Maritime (rooms way to small), so it was good to go back to The Soho Grand where we have stayed for some years. Some of the rooms may be looking slightly tired around the edges, but the welcome and service is second to none. It was real good to be back.	
Aug 24 2005 	Classy hotel nice stay at impressive hotel	Having seen the lobby of the hotel, I wanted to stay at the hotel for so long. I booked a special weekend package and got a very good deal. The service was nice, people are very kind and very helpful. the athmosphere is very stylish and the hotel is calm. It has a soothing effect. My room was very nice although not so extravagant as the lobby. I was hoping for more art deco in the room. The bathroom has a classic design and was nice. The Shower was good which is important to me. And of course, the view. I had a delux grand room, it has a superb view of midtown, empire state, Chrysler, time Square ... And all the water containers of SOHO. I had a great experience and hope you will too.	
Aug 23 2005	Location Location Location	The Soho Grand was one of downtown's first truly hip hotels. Taking hints from the architectural history of Soho, the hotel was designed with a certain neo 19th century industrial chic. However, while certainly groundbreaking at the time, the hotel has begun to be passed by newer and more comfortable establishments. The rooms seem plain, drab, and small, and the lobby and bar dark and somewhat pedestrian. Yet, the location is the best! You will be in the heart of the Soho scene directly on West Broadway. If this hotel had better prices, it would be wonderful. However, at the prices they charge, it simply is not worth it.	
Aug 22 2005	luv to go back to SGH	Went to New York last week. would like to explore soho area this time. I choose SGH. First, i kind of bit worry because there are negative reviews about this hotel in here. Anyway, I trust myself when choosing this hotel. arrived there. this is what i can share: from the very front doors, The valet parking, and the front desk they are excellent and very efficient. The service is excellent and we luv the in dining menu. All and all, next time we go to new york, we would stay in this hotel.	
Aug 22 2005	Soho Grand	Nice hotel in an interesting area... my wife and I went for our anniversary and had a great time. They had a package (I think it is called &quot;Romance in the City&quot; or something like that) where the hotel included decorating the room with flowers and chocolate, drinks at the bar, breakfast and champagne... and of course the views were great from the room (where we spent most of our time). Lots of fun things to do around the area of the hotel, plus they gave you a list of where to go and what to do to help. All in all, a great experience that I recommend.	
Aug 22 2005	Wonderful place	I had a wonderful time at the Soho Grand. The room was clean, well appointed, there was a great view. There was a business center so I could check my email. Soho Grand probably had the best room service of any hotel I've been to. If you like Greenwich Village and Soho, you can't beat the location. It's pricey, but it's worth it.	
Aug 11 2005 	stay somewhere else!	This hotel stinks. I have stayed here (for business) at least once a year for the past 7 years. In that time The Soho Grand has gone from trendy hot spot to shabby, dirty, overpriced and obnoxious. The service was deplorable (I had to call down to the front desk to enquire about the whereabouts of my luggage 1/2 hour after checking in. They asked me what it looked like, and then it still took another 1/2 hour for them to bring it begrudgingly to my room). The furniture was threadbare and stained, there were hairs in the sink, the air conditioner was very loud, corn flakes cost $13 a bowl. I don't expect friendly service in New York hotels but at least professional would be nice. I hope this hotel goes out of business soon so that a new and better hotel can open.	
Aug 10 2005 	AMAZING! I cannot wait to return....	I travel all around for business and I am extremely picky, but this hotel did it all right! From the very helpful doorman who took my bags from the door straight to my room (being a grand guest, I had be pre-registered) to the concierge who helped me with clubs and restaurants. The renovated room was clean and designed beautifully. It was just an incredible stay all around...and will be my home in NY!	
Aug 9 2005	My new favorite home away from home	I stayed at the Soho Grand for the first time last week and it was excellent. From the front desk lady to the hotel food, the service and quality were outstanding. I am making this hotel my new home away from home for all my New York visits to come!!	
Aug 8 2005	Not Grand at all...except for the price you pay	I was recently in NY for a couple of days and stayed at the Soho Grand for one night (as opposed to my planned 5 nights). I was actually enchanted at arrival: amazing deco in the lobby, jazz and laughs at the bar and I was sipping champagne while checking in...how wonderful!I was less smiley when I saw how small my $300-a night room was but yet again room size was never a selling point for the Grand. And the mini bar was filled with chocolates and nuts from all over the world and chic of the chicest Fiji water...My enchantment really vanished after the first night: was it the constant noise from the central air con ventilators, the $100 I paid for breakfast (consisting of miserable eggs and toasts and not so good pancakes), or the bathroom so tiny that you could not close the door if there was more than one person in it?All I know is I checked out as soon as possible the day after, checked into the Sofitel Hotel midtown (really great one btw) and made great use of the tube and (cheap) cabs to go downtown.	
Aug 2 2005	4 stars???? Are you kidding	Let me start by stating that I have stayed in many hotels in Manhattan over the years, and that I will not be getting into small room issues, as that is just Manhattan. Below is a list of my complaints:1) Dirty bathrooms2) Bad Air Conditioning3) Losing a fax not once, but twice4) Forgetting to tell us there was a package delivery of a basket from friends until we checked out.5) Uncomfortable bed6) Bedside light did not work7) It took 3 phone calls and over an hour to get an iron8) The tv was small and didn't work right9) Our room had a lovely view of an outdoor bar that was hopping until 3 am, and we had to turn on the loud air conditioner to drown out the noise10) I appreciated the drunk high school kids going to their penthouse party on the top floor of the hotel with a joint in their ear -- you are a hotel, not a club11) All this cost $300 a nightIn all honesty, if you are trying to look cool and be in a past-its-prime Manhattan party atmosphere of trying-to-be-hip tourists and high school kids, than this is the place for you.The Soho Grand is an outdated, sorely in need of a makeover botique 3-star Manhattan hotel that somehow has a 4 star rating. I feel like I paid $150 a night for their taste in CDs in the room, and that was it. Save your money and stay somewhere else in Manhattan	
Aug 1 2005 	Excellent -- and I'm really *really* picky!	This is by far the best hotel I've stayed at in a while. THE BEST part is that each room has *individual AC units* -- not just individual thermostats! So you could totally control the temp inside the room. Which, because it was 98 degrees outside with a TON of humidity -- that came in handy. It's rare at luxury hotels to find something as simple as Air Control. Usually large hotels have a central air system that's set at 72 or something. So it's impossible to get cool (if you like cooler temps when you sleep). The Soho Grand was SO great in this regard. The rooms were cold and wonderful!The one bad thing is that we booked a King bed thinking it was a King-sized bed. But it isn't. It's a European-King. Euro-Kings are MUCH smaller than American Kings. I'd say they are halfway between a Queen and a King. Anyone 5'10&quot; and taller won't fit on the bed. Had the AC not been so great, it would've been miserable. But because we could keep it cool, I was able to survive the NON-King, King bed.Another great thing is the coffee machine/device in the hall. Very good. Especially if you have a room directly across from one. We were in 629 -- and I think it was $309 a night. Overall it was a great room!Because it's within walking distance to all of Soho, we never bothered to eat at the hotel, so I'm not sure if the food or service was good. We did try a &quot;Mexican Tier&quot; snack which we thought tasted GROSS. But that's what we get for eating in the hotel when there's world-class cuisine right out the front door. There's an Italian place diagonally from the hotel that is AMAZING. And, Barolo down the street is awesome.Also within walking distance was VESUVIO bakery which has a killer Neopolitan Egg sandwich for breakfast/brunch which is GREAT.We stayed here a week and really loved it. We were in town for a film festival. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. Best price for the style and location in all the city!Oh, another bad thing -- we asked for a free goldfish to be placed in our room and we never got one. Apparently you can get one if you ask. So don't let them forget! That would've been fun!	
Jul 22 2005	'Trendy' it is 'wonderful' it is not.	My husband and I went to NYC to celebrate our 11th anniversary. We decided Soho would be a fun spot with Greenwich Village and Tribeca being within walking distance. I did read a lot of negativity on this website about the Soho Grand, but thought if we paid for one of their upscale rooms, it would still be a pleasant experience.I requested a north-facing room so we could see the Empire State Building, as high up as possible. We got an east-facing room (nothing view-wise) on the 14th floor (16th is the penthouse suites). When I made the reservation, the person in reservations was trying very hard to sell me on their weekend package, saying, &quot;You might as well do it because it doesn't cost you anything extra. You get 2 free drink coupons, champagne upon arrival, 2 free breakfast coupons, early check-in and late check-out.&quot; I don't understand why the big sell...we had to practically beg to get these things. They have certain times they give the champagne, and we arrived too late for it. When they gave us our room keys upon check-in, there was no drink coupons or breakfast coupons in our arrival envelope. We arrived too late for the early check-in and we would be checking out late to catch our flight, so we couldn't benefit from that either.When we entered our room, it absolutely wreaked of stale cigarette smoke. It was late when we got there, so we decided to stay in the room and have them move us in the morning. I called the front desk first thing in the morning to complain, and they said they'd call me right back. It was that evening before they called back to tell us they didn't have any other non-smoking rooms at the room level we wanted, but they'd be happy to move us down a few floors to their least expensive (SMALL!) room. (After reading how ultra-small the rooms were, we reserved a larger room--which was quite suitable in size for 2 people. We kept the room because of the size, but in hindsight, should have moved. The smoke smell gave me a dull headache every morning and all my clothes wreaked of cigarette smoke.)We stayed 3 nights, and by 11pm on the 2nd night, we still had not received anything that came in the &quot;package&quot; I bought. I called the front desk to vent the fact our room stunk so badly and that we still had not received our freebies, plus we didn't get a turn-down service that night. The front desk manager said, &quot;Oh, we don't do turn-down service unless you request it.&quot; I couldn't believe my ears. For the price we paid, it didn't include turn-down service? When I complained of not receiving any of the things from our package, she said, &quot;Yes, I see. You have a very valid complaint. I'm sorry your room stinks, but we turned that whole floor into a non-smoking floor and didn't give it time to air out. You're not the first person to complain.&quot;Okay, at this point, I'm furious because she's not offering any solutions until I asked her directly, &quot;So what are you going to do about all these problems?&quot; She had everything from our &quot;package&quot; delivered to our room 15 minutes later. She offered to spray our room with something to disguise the smell, but I declined the offer fearing we'd be smelling floral mixed with stale smoke.The only thing this hotel has going for it is location. During our 3-night stay, we never saw any employees that looked like they were over 35 years old. This was odd to us. All the doormen, front desk employees, waiters, waitresses, they all were very young--early 20's to mid-30's. I felt like these employees did not have the years of experience to know how to treat their guests. They were all a little aloof. (No, I didn't chalk it up as &quot;NYC attitude,&quot; I chalked it up to poor training.) Just off the front desk is their lounge. It was a comfortable place to sit for a drink, but they kept loud synthesized music going non-stop from the afternoon through the night. I guess at 45 years old, I'm too old to appreciate canned, synthesized music. It seemed like a desperate attempt to be &quot;hip.&quot; I'm interested in knowing who their client base is, because I can't see the young &quot;hip&quot; 20-ish people who were hanging out in the bar actually spending $500/night for a room. Apparently, the hotel is trying to appeal to that age group.During our weekend, my husband and I popped into a few hotels to check them out for future reference. For what we paid at the Soho Grand, we could get a room at the Peninsula Hotel, which is probably where we'll stay next time. That hotel has class.	
Jul 13 2005 	The SoHI Grand	It's a beatiful building. The design and decorations are great. But it's not grand. It's barely SOHO.I was there for business. The service was well above average. They did what they could to accomodate my needs at all times. I liked the bar a lot. There was also a small gym that I usually had all to myself.So what's the problem? It's just not a good value. I thought the interesting parts of SOHO were a decent walk away. And the room was so small. Soooo small. No iron. And the bathroom, while clean, was dated. I did, however, love the bath products. You can't beat Bliss. Steal a few bars of this extra-expensive soap. It's a small consolation for the price you'll pay for having to live in a small child's room. The bed was very comfortable. The room could have used more light, but the sun spilled in from where I was so I had more than the average guest.The internet access was also a little expensive. It cost extra (pretty normal) but the speed left something to be desired.It's a room. Not a place to invite your friends back to, but rather a small bedroom with little more than big windows and great soap. You pay for the wait staff, the location (supposedly), and the &quot;Grand&quot; brand name, but in the end, you're better off at a chain than because it'll cost even the slightly claustrophobic a little piece of their sanity.	
Jul 8 2005	Not worth the money	After a really nice experience prior to our stay (concierge booked us tickets and sent a very nice mail about it) we were truly disappointed of the actual stay. Tiny room, unfriendly and unhelpful front desk. We had asked for a two bed room and got a room with a one small bed. When I asked to change to a room with two beds the front desk staff first said they were fully booked and then felt inclined to say, they don't have any rooms with two beds anyway and hung up the phone without waiting for an answer. We will not stay there again because the combination of a small room and this kind of staff attitude is available at much lower prices in Manhatten.	
Jul 7 2005	Never stay here ... shame	Where to start. I have stayed at this hotel 3 times now, and 3rd time was not lucky. This was one of the worst hotel experiences I have had, and I travel extensively. There is no value to be had here.To start with the room is the size of a mini match box, and dimly lit with a desk not big enough even for the smallest laptop. It didn't seem that clean. The bathroom was tiny, and when you are staying somewhere for 2 weeks, size matters. There was no closet space to hang any clothes.The staff seemed to forget who the guest was. There was so much attitude that you were left just shaking your head. I'm still astounded to this day. Things that were to be delivered to my room kept getting sent to the wrong room (this happened on several occasions). The bill was incorrect.Over the weekend, the noise was unbearable, and there appeared to be teenagers or hoods or something running up and down the corridors all night (this is not an exaggeration). Staff did nothing when I complained at 3, 4, 5am etc. Luckily I didn't hear the music from the bar (which was good music by the way ... although not all night), as I was on a high floor. The rooms are so small, that the slighest sound in the corridor can be heard.The location of the hotel is fantastic for Soho ... but hey ... take a taxi / car. It is not worth staying in this dump filled with attitude. It has definitely lost the &quot;it&quot; factor that it somehow claimed to have.	
Jul 1 2005	Nice foyer shame about the room	I wanted to believe in this hotel because I love the Soho area of New York but in the end, I felt a little short changed. The entrance and foyer was great - modern, cutting edge. But the room was jaw droppingly small, clothes storage was behind a beaded curtain and tiny and service was chaotic. Our room was left open for a day by the cleaners. The mega-trendy staff are what you want looks-wise in this hip part of Manhattan but completely flakey. Ask for something and don't expect to receive. Breakfast was ludicrously expensive and a Tex-Mex cake tray consisting of a few Doritos and sauces at thirty dollars was daylight robbery - and took an epoch to arrive. Frankly, pay a bit more and stay at the Mercer. I'm sorry because my hopes were high. Really, really disappointed.	
Jun 23 2005	perfect getaway	If you are looking for a great getaway in the city that has it all the Soho Grand is the place for you. Not only are the rooms spacious and very appealing, the staff is simply marvelous. From the time you step through the doors in to the sheek lobby you are treated like a member of a very exclusive club. The hotel offers every service imaginable and are ready and willing to make every detail of your stay perfect. They offer services for all ages and even welcome and pamper your pets! Located in a fantastic neighborhood full of restaurants , Galleries and shopping you could literally spend a week in a 5 block radius.	
Jun 13 2005	Nice but not amazing	Great location, and a nice hotel. Worth $380 a night? Probably not. The rooms were small, the bed ( supposedly a queen but definitely a few inches short) was small. Fun location, great lounge to people-watch. Very clean. We liked it, but it was too small and expensive for what we got. Next time we will try another hotel in the same location- maybe 60 Thompson.	
Jun 8 2005	Gorgeous with a few flaws	I love love love this hotel - mostly. The decor is fabulous - every hotel now does the hip-hotel-vibe-thing, but the SoHo Grand does it in its own individual way. My room was small, but then they always are in New York, and functioned well. The only thing I would say is, why oh why do they still have blankets on the bed? In this day and age! It's 2005 not 1955, and even my grandparents have a duvet these days. It's incredible for such a trendy hotel. The only other issue I have with the SoHo Grand is that it doesn't have enough capacity at check-in or the bar at busy periods. Overall, unless you're a tourist, SoHo is a far better place to be than midtown or uptown. I've also stayed in 60 Thompson, and I would have to say that the SoHo Grand just beats it.	
May 27 2005	Great Property and Staff	I've stayed at a number of hotels in different parts of Manhattan, and I have to say that the Soho Grand is one of my favorites. First off, I need to disclose that I booked the hotel through an online service about two weeks before our visit (May 13-16), and got a Grand King room for what I considered to be a great deal. I'd never stayed at the Soho Grand, and I was a bit skeptical after reading some recent reviews, but I was intrigued and wanted to stay in SoHo.Check-in: We arrived at 10:00 a.m. and were greeted by a friendly bellman who took our luggage and directed us to the second floor lobby, where we were met by a smiling, enthusiastic front desk staff - nothing like I had expected after reading some of the previous reviews. I was ready for &quot;attitude.&quot; We even joked around a little about that! Since check-in time isn't until 3:00 p.m., they were happy to keep our luggage, and upon returning later that afternoon, the formal check-in was quick and again friendly, and we were offered a glass of champagne - a nice touch. Once we got into the room, our luggage arrived within 20 minutes.The Hotel: Very clean and modern, and as some have described it, &quot;industrial chic.&quot; It's not elegant, but really cool and, I suppose, &quot;trendy,&quot; but the people staying there looked pretty down to earth to me, although I didn't see a lot of typical tourists or families, which is a big plus in my book. This isn't a hotel for families wanting to do the typical New York thing.The Room: Many reviewers have commented on the size of the rooms, but our room was no smaller than any other room I've stayed in in New York (I've stayed in much smaller). There was plenty of room to move about comfortably for two people. True, there are no drawers to put your clothes in, but when I travel I never really unpack anyway - I just live out of my suitcase, so that wasn't a problem for me. There was a space to hang clothes, which was good. We returned from a late night in the neighborhood on Saturday night, and the bar area was cranking, but we weren't bothered by any noise (we were on the 5th floor).The Bathroom: Great water pressure. Shower drained just fine. Plenty of towels. Very clean.Restaurant/Bar: We didn't use either, so I can't comment.Location: As others have mentioned, the location is excellent. You are within easy walking distance of Chinatown, the Village, and great shops, restaurants, and bars in SoHo. Shout out to the great people at Toad Hall just around the corner on Grand St.!Check-out: The 12:00 check-out time was inconvenient for us, so we asked them if we could check out an hour later, and they said it was no problem. Check-out was easy; you just do it on the TV in your room. Overall: We loved the Soho Grand. The hotel is not without its quirks, but they are so relatively minor that I don't want to mention them here (some other reviewers have covered them). All of the staff that we came in contact with were very friendly and helpful. They don뭪 dote on you, and that뭩 what I like. I'm not sure that I'd pay their regular rates to stay there again, but if I were given a similar deal as I got this time, I'd take it in a heartbeat.	
May 21 2005	Don't stay here	I am new to trip advisor but our stay at the Soh Grand was so awful I felt I should let others know. I had booked a superior room we were put on the 3rd floor and the room was certainly not large. I would hate to see the basic ones. Breakfast served in the rooms is a bad idea when the rooms are this small even worse when they caanot get the order right and bring the wrong food at the wrong time as it takes forever to correct the mistake. There's a great diner round trhe corner for breakfast. I wouldn't bother with their offering.At weekend the bar is so loud it is impossible to get to sleep in rooms in the lower part of the buiding until the music is turned off. The bar seems to be out of bounds to hotel guests beyond early evening as we we turfed off our table because they had allocated it to someone else.Don't expect to be able to borrow CDs or DVDs as even though they claim they have these whatever you ask for is on loan to someone ese apparently.The bill for our stay was entirely wrong and had to be corrected line by line.When we complained about all this we were told our room would be upgraded on our next stay.They must be mad if they think we would ever stay here again	
May 16 2005	Only if Location is Most Important	If you must, must be in SoHo, and do not require any real value for the money you spend, then SoHo Grand is the hotel for you. Although, if that were truly the case, perhaps the Mercer would be an attractive alternative. Certainly a more elegant one. Attitude is one thing. Ridiculous incompetence, another.For $559 I received: - a &quot;king&quot; size bed. Please note that such bed does not conform to standard &quot;king&quot; size measurements, but as it is a smidgen larger than a queen, it is called a &quot;king&quot;. - a cigarette strewn balcony off the window.- a bathroon with no windows and one not terribly bright light above the mirror.- a shower with the most faint of water pressure. Rinsing soap off, a dubious task.- a non-draining shower- a guest relations representative who put me on hold and never came back.On the flip side, I thought room service was much better than average.	
May 3 2005 	The beautiful people	The room was great - very clean and spacious for NYC. The staff and guests are very SoHo... trendy, hip, a bit preening. Close to major subway lines, shopping, restaurants, etc. My only complaint was that the checkout process was a nightmare. Two lines and no movement for more than 20 minutes. Unacceptable for a spendy hotel in the Big Apple.	
Apr 28 2005 	Nice rooms - poor service	If you can get a good deal, rooms are clean and nice. Hotel is in a super location in Soho. Just don't use room service or eat in the bar. Service is terrible!	
Apr 22 2005 	Showing its age and still overpriced	The SoHo Grand no longer seems so grand or even merely good. And at around $400 a night, I got a room that was only modest in size, minimal in terms of amenities, and otherwise oddly musty in general atmosphere (there was a faint layer of dust on the packages of chocolates set out above the mini bar--no, not free, just part of the mini bar offerings for purchase). The service, I can't really comment on, since I neither required nor received any services out of the ordinary. I can say, however, that this is the first hotel I've stayed in where I never once saw the hotel staff opening the lobby doors for its guests.Unless a you're a tourist who absolutely needs to be steps away from the commercial district of SoHo (which, by the way, has become really downmarket and icky in places), go elsewhere. Even if you are, you may want to venture beyond this immediate neighborhood, which on weekends becomes a mob scene, what with hordes of people from NJ flooding the sidewalks so there's barely any room to walk on.I would recommend trying some of the hotels now newly renovated or opened on the Upper West Side, which is much closer to what real NY is like. The prices are about half what you'd pay here for everything and things are just more civilized.	
Apr 11 2005	Terrific and roomy!	I have stayed in many hotels in New York: mostly Schragers. They are all so small (though most well appointed) and they really are snooty.We stayed at the SoHo Grand in a corner room - the romantic package - We got to check in at noon, and check out the next day at 4pm. The room was spotless, and the room service prompt and delicious. Not to mention the great bar.They were so nice, I thought I was in another city! It was one of the best stays we ever had!	
Apr 7 2005	A Room So Small I Had To go To The Hall To Change My Mind	Okay, it's an old joke &quot;so small the cockroaches were hunchbacked&quot; but in the case of this place it's accurate reporting. The staff was very courteous and the neighborhood is ultra cool, but when did tiny, minscule rooms become acceptable and groovy to the hotel going public? They keep the lights in the rooms very dim I guess we're not suppose to notice that you have been confined to a cell and a very small one at that. Plus it's not cheap! Expensive and cramped, if that's your style stay at The Soho Grand-the name is bigger then the rooms-the reason they provide you with a goldfish is to make you feel better about your own surroundings. &quot;Look the poor fish is in that tiny bowl and I have over 77 square feet !&quot;	
Mar 30 2005 	Not-so Grand...	Positives:- Goldfish in the room. How cool is that?- Conceirge gave us a great recommendation for dinner at Besitos.- Most staff was nice (although not very friendly)- Oscar was helpful at the front deskNegatives:- Lack of technological knowledge of staff...- Waitstaff (except for one guy) were clueless and horrible. I barely was given the time of day.- General attitude was poor or at least un-caring (I'm not a fashion hipster)- Any other time we dealt with the conceirge (except for above) was poor - either no one available, or not efficient.- Automatic 20% gratutity added to breakfast bill - wouldn't have been a problem if the staff was even worth close to that.Overall, it was an ok experience. I would have rather seen them spend time training/hiring employees with a sense of customer service (regardless of the Soho location). I don't care where I am - I want to be treated like a guest and not an inconvenience.	
Mar 16 2005	Enjoyed the grand - great location!	My fiancee and I stayed at the SOHO grand from 9-13 of March 2005 and really enjoyed our stay. We read the mixed reviews on this site prior to booking, but made the decision to stay there anyway - and we were not disappointed. It's one of those hotels you either love or hate: with a real industrial chic feel - it's not for eveyone. Our room (a superior queen) was nice with fab toiletries, and we had no problems with the hotel staff, who were all pretty friendly. (If you want staff who are tripping over themselves to help you, then maybe you should try the Waldorf!). This place is for the young and young at heart and the conservative traditional type who their want every whim tended to. It's full of trendy people (albeit sometimes a little pretentious and noisy), but we had a blast. You can even have a fish for company during your stay. And we saw Ben Stiller (he's tiny!&quot;)We spent very little time there and so for that reason only (and maybe the fact that I'd have liked black out blinds in the room), should we have considered staying somewhere cheaper. Soho itself is great - downtown Manhattan at its best, with endless boutiques, coffee bars, delis, restaurants etc to choose from. You need at least a week to get through them all! It's also spitting distance from other hip neighbourhoods like Tribeca, and Greenwich Village. Thumbs up for the SOHO grand. Would definitely return again and again!	
Mar 16 2005 	Location - Location - Location	Just spent five days in New York - business and pleasure - and loved staying at the Soho Grand. The location is perfect - all downtown is within walking distance. The Service was excellent - especially the Concierge, who managed everything (dinner-rescheduling, car-renting...) within minutes. The setting is beautiful and modern (but too posh-stylish - I don't want to get into a Helmut Lang-Suit just to have breakfast) Oh, and breakfast is good, but NY-pricy - you absolutely want to go and try the charming &quot;Le pain quotidien&quot; for breakfast, just a two minutes-walk away on Grand Street (at Mercer)...as always: it's all about location and here, you're in the middle of it all!	
Mar 14 2005	Classic and Modern beauty	We had a lovely stay at the Soho Grand, and this is from people who live in New York already (fabulous Brooklyn), so we are picky! Very attentive staff, incredible aesthetic and style of the entire space, quite unique, great complimentary apples (!) and NY Times, million-dollar views from high floors, all in a great neighborhood far from the insane confines of Times Square. This is a piece of true, downtown NYC. Do yourself a favor and have breakfast in the lounge, eating croissants and drinking Lattes while sinking into comfortable couches. Complimentary docking stations for ipods!! Totally awesome.	
Mar 13 2005	Service needs an overhaul!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Soho Grand for one night. The service is HORRIBLE. When we checked in the room was not ready, so we decided to go and have lunch at one of the restaurants in the area. We arrive back at the hotel, and our room is finally ready. We checked our bags with the bell hop, and they said they would send them up immediately. It took two and a half hours for our bags to arrive. We spoke to the manager Osacar and he said he would get right on it. After three phone calls the bags finally arrived. Room service was average. We had drinks in the lobby bar and the waitress was extreamly rude. The service at this hotel really needs improvement. The room itself is a little small for my liking. I wouldn't stay at the Soho Grand in the future. Choose another hotel.	
Mar 12 2005 	Don't stay here.	Positives: option to have gold fish in your room [like Kimpton Hotels ie Hotel Monacos]; good view here on the 15th floor; fun barNegatives: cannot unpack as there are no drawers and no luggage rack!, very small room, Bad service, no phone on desk, modem was not hooked up properly - no one knows anything about the computer system; poor temperature controlIn general: NYC often has small hotel rooms, but this is ridiculous - I can't unpack [and only have a carryon for 2 nights], I forgot my contact solution and they had none and knew of no convenience store that would carry it [hello, am I not in NYC?]; I would not stay here either for business or pleasure. There seems to be an attempt at an Attitude or Edge by the staff- however the whole experience falls short. I was very disappointed particularly after seeing the website which portrays this as 'grand'. I would say this is a grand disappointment.	
Feb 26 2005	Do yourself a favor...stay somewhere else	Service is nonexistent and the rooms are very small. The staff was unable to do simple tasks like bring pillows or provide the items offered on the menu. The coffee they have outside the guest rooms was very good but not worth the lack of hospitality.	
Feb 23 2005	Location Location Location!	My family and I stayed at the Soho Grand Hotel over President's Day Weekend. If you want Soho, steps from art galleries, great boutique shopping while staying at a very safe and very accommodating hotel that's very chic and cool? Stay at the Soho Grand. Your kids will love the goldfish and you will love the complimentary glass of champagne at check-in. Now that's how everyone should start a holiday weekend!	
Feb 23 2005	Grand location so-so everything else	I lived in New York for a while, and I am used to small rooms, so that I expect, even in the really posh places. SoHo Grand is not posh, and I didn't expect it to be. But I did expect a bathrobe, a working shower, a tub that drained, towels larger than a napkin, staff that wouldn't enter my room unannounced when I have a do not disturb sign on the door (completely nude, no robe!), and that the television might be a tad larger than a toaster. The bar was full of &quot;geek-chic-ers&quot; (thought that was over) but the staff was great. Drinks are New York priced, but not a complete rip-off. The best reason to stay here is its location. It's right on the edge of TriBeCa and SoHo, walking distance to the best food in the City, the best shopping in the City for those of us who HATE Madison Avenue, and close enough to the Village to take a long walk. My view was mixed, it was of Canal Street, and the long line of cars entering and exiting Holland Tunnel, but also of the lower Manhattan skyline, which I loved.The bed was huge and comfortable. It took up the whole room, but that was fine. Don't take the chocolate from the mini-bar. Vosges Chocolatier is two blocks away. It's the best chocolate on earth, but not worth mini-bar prices. Kudos for SoHo Grand for stocking it, though.Staff was not rude, but everyone did have an edge to match the decor. Don't expect sweet, Southern hospitality. It wouldn't fit with the hotel's image. If you are young and coming to NYC to shop, eat, drink, hang out with friends, and do anything other than sleep, this is a good hotel for you.	
Feb 8 2005	underwhelmed overpriced	Nice touch with glass of champagne upon arrival but warm welcome ends there. Staff not helpful. Concierge was unavailable the few times I did call. No one ever opened the door for me when I arrived. Rooms were small and there are no magazines to read if you want to check out some local attractions or need a map or phone numbers. Very unimpressed. I will stay at the Mandarin form now on. Prices were actually comparable.	
Feb 7 2005	Great time at the Soho Grand	My husband and I had a fabulous time. Everything about the Sex in the City package was true and the staff could not have been nicer. We would come back again and again. The location was great especially if you want to tour, shop or hang-out in Soho and beyond.	
Feb 3 2005	Enjoyed the Chic Soho Grand	Stay at the &quot;chic&quot; Soho Grand to be pampered by the young and efficient staff; concierge recommended, booked and confirmed a special evening out for a group of friends. Sunny and quiet rooms complete the package of this fabulously located Soho niche . . . Enjoy the cozy &quot;Cupping Room&quot; nearby for breakfast!	
Jan 6 2005	Elegant and modern	Hotel with a nice modern style, helpful staff good location and good cocktails in the bar. Rooms small, but what do you expect in New York???	
Jan 4 2005	Great location but nothing special..	As somebody said, arrive with the rigth attitude and maybe you'll love it.. SoHo Grand is an amazing hotel, but don't go there with high aspectatives or you won't be satisfied of your choice. The location is definetely great, in the heart of SoHo and you'll love spending your days shopping and eating around this neighborhood, but i think there are better hotels in NYC. I'm a great fan of W Hotels but this time i wanted something different and i stayed at SoHo Grand for 4 nights during the New Year's Eve period. The staff is quite friendly and helpful. Me and my friend wrote tons of emails before our stay at the hotel to have some information about the NYE party but nobody answered our questions about the party. When we arrived at the hotel and asked (another time!) if it were possible to reserve a table for the party they said it was sold out. As a guest of the hotel i would appreciate a reserved seating or just somebody of the staff answering my emails.. Then, is it possible that they can only suggest an italian restaurant to their guests? I eat italian everyday and don't want to eat italian food in NYC.. ! The corner room on the 16th was tiny (as usual in NYC), not trendy, modern and hip like the W ones, but it's ok if you like the &quot;SoHo style&quot;. The view were amazing. The bathroom is anonymous but quite nice, though the bath products could be better. I think TriBeCa Grand would be a better choice, and also 60 Thompson and Mercer, it depends on what you're searching.. i liked SoHo Grand, but was expecting more from it..	
Dec 28 2004 	Arrive with the right attitude and you'll love it.	First the negatives: my room was tiny, with no dresser and very little closet space. I was by myself, on business, and had just enough room for my clothes (bearing in mind that everything I brought fit into a carry-on!) Service was painfully slow...it took me a day to get a box I'd had FedExed delivered up to my room, and breakfast took over an hour to arrive (after being promised within 15 to 20 minutes). And when I arrived, I was put into a smoking room despite my request for non-smoking. Finding the lobby upon check-in is confusing; the concierge is where you'd expect the reception desk -- which is actually one floor higher.Yet, somehow, I was completely charmed by the SoHo Grand. After I complained about the smoking room, I was moved from the 6th floor with no view, to the 16th with a view of the Manhattan skyline (including the Empire State Building, lit red and green for Christmas). My room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the shower was hot and had plenty of water pressure (those are the essentials for me!) The hotel is very hip, and for me, not being in Midtown (especially during the crush of the holiday season) was a huge plus. I actually found all the staff very friendly -- especially the concierge. She took a lot of time with me explaining dinner options and sent me to two fantastic restaurants. The minor annoyances were more than outweighed by the positive aspects of staying at the SoHo Grand. I think the problems could be easily fixed, and what they are doing well, they are doing extremely well.	
Dec 20 2004	Very Satisfied	The hotel is beautiful, the room was great. The view was amazing! The staff were young, hip and good looking... They were all nice and up to par with their costumer service skills... The only reason the hotel doesn't get an excellent rating is the restaurant. Please take my advice--There are tons of restaurants in NYC-Try one out. The restaurant in this Hotel is over-priced and the food wasn't up to par with the size of the bill.	
Nov 18 2004	Very disappointing	I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Grand and was terribly disappointed. For the price, I expected the room to be very nice. The room was SO shabby - drapes had hideous looking water stains, the doors on the closet didn't work properly (we finally just removed them completely), the bedding was terrible (no extra pillows/blankets and cheap/scratchy). The bathroom was fine but nothing special. I agree with the person who commented about the weird mix of bath products. Our room overlooked the loading zone/garbage bins which just added to the experience. We traveled with our small dog, and they did have a dog bed for her, but it had a huge stain on it (note to hotel - replace things with stains!). The only positive thing about the hotel is the location because there are few hotels in Soho, but I would even stay at the Union Square W before I would stay here again (at least the beds are comfortable at a W). The bar at the Grand is great, but don't attempt to get coffee there in the morning. It took us 15 minutes to get a coffee (was a rainy day so everyone was staying in) and then we couldn't get our bill. It's really a shame that they have let the property go. It could be so much better.	
Nov 13 2004	Tiny rooms and unfriendly reception staff	An American friend of mine recently told me that only 10% of Americans have a passport. Having read some of the other reviews of the Soho Grand, I figure the lack of international comparisons must be a reason for some of the GLOWING reviews... &quot;friendly and fun staff&quot;?!? err, were we staying at the same hotel?I travel internationally at least once a month - for business and pleasure. So, in writing this review, my reference points are from staying at ALL types of hotels, big and small, expensive and inexpensive.I really, really wanted to love the Soho Grand. I was hoping to find a hotel that I could stay in every time I came to NYC... something that would become comfortable and familiar.But, from the moment I checked in, I was disappointed. Many reviewers have commented on the unpleasant reception staff. I would agree and describe them as pretentious, unfriendly, and cold. Not a great first or last impression.The rooms are TINY, even by NYC standards. My room was also dark and the airconditioning was noisy.Location is good, if you want to shop or eat around Soho.But, for me, never again...	
Oct 26 2004	Grand Experience	This is a great hotel in an excellent location. Near upscale boutiques and the shops of Canal St. The website photos do not do justice to the lobby and lounge. My room was not huge and the closet small, but just right for a weekend visit. Stylish, clean and comfortable with comfy bedding and a well stocked mini bar. The bath was clean and had a terrific shower -- great water pressure. The staff was friendly and fun. I had dinner at the lounge, which was a real treat. Joe the Manager is a friendly fellow and attentive to all the guests. After hours the bar was THE place to be, enjoyed by all ages. Not one complaint - I would definately return, in fact I look forward to it!	
Oct 8 2004	Disappointing and hugely overhyped	Think twice before booking this hotel (or, at least, arrive not expecting very much...)Expect queues when you check in AND check out, but don't expect a smile or a welcoming greeting. The reception desk staff have to rate as some of the coldest, and most dour hotel staff that I have met (man, do these people realise they work in a SERVICE industry?).I was booked into a Deluxe King room on the 15th floor. The room is larger than the standard room, but still feels *very* small. The air conditioning unit is noisy. TV had poor reception. The room was dark. The views unimpressive (am sure there are rooms available with better views). The mini-bar had stuff that had past the expiration date (much like the hotel itself). Bathroom was clean, but very basic. The bath products were cute and of a suitably high quality.The concierge staff were generally helpful, offering good advice. I didn't get a warm and fuzzy feeling talking with them, however.The location is good - if you intend on spending most of your time around Soho. But, I found myself spending quite a bit of money on cabs since I was seeing shows, visiting museums, shopping and eating at restaurants that weren't in the area. (The subway is very close to the hotel - so you can save some money catching the subway).I would be *very* reluctant to stay at the hotel again, and am look fwd to staying somewhere else next time I'm in NYC.	
Sep 24 2004	Stylized Getaway at the SoHo Grand	I stayed at the SoHo Grand Hotel in New York while I attended the IFP Market. The decor uses a lot of metalic hues - copper, nickel - and it takes a couple of minutes to realize that the distressed look is intentional. Then you notice the velvet curtains and other features that counter the industrial feel and create a warm ambiance.I booked the room through Turon Travel, located on Wooster Street, and I'm glad I did! As I checked in, I realized that the accomodations that I was given did not agree with my reservation. I will say the desk clerk, Jeanine, went out of her way to try to fix the problem, but it was the intervention of Turon that made the difference. Turon Travel corrected the problem immediately. The correction put me in a higher priced room, but Turon made up the difference. I believe the problem occurred on the SoHo Grand side. So kudos to Turon.The rooms are comfortable, the beds very comfortable. The maid service was excellent. High ceilings and windows made the room feel larger. The Bliss lotions and soaps are fabulous. Great towels. Nice conierge and staff.I felt very safe and comfortable at this hotel. It's in a great neighborhood and has a wonderful lounge where, if you are travelling alone, you can sip tea, have a drink, or eat a meal in a relaxed environment.	
Sep 8 2004	Could be great - if they fix some problems.	Stylish looking - great location. DIRTY rooms - especially bathrooms. If they can fix their housekeeping standard and have one or two people replaced from the front desk - this hotel would be ideal.	
Sep 6 2004	Very stylish	We stayed at 10/2003 at the hotel for a few days.The whole place is very stylish. We were staying in a Grand King room (we asked for a room at the higher levels) where we had a nice view.There was nothing to complain about the hotel. All in all we liked the hotel.	
Sep 1 2004 	Unfortunate experience	I came to NY for a work trip and was looking forward to spending a week at the Soho Grand. They said they offered Bliss bath products (which I love), but found a mismatch of brands. That was my first disappointment. Then, my first morning there was no hot water. I called down twice to the guest services, to which there was no answer either time. The concierge was very nice and apologetic and told me someone would be up to check on it. After waiting 20 minutes, I was late for work and had to take a freezing cold shower. When I went downstairs to let them know at the front desk about the water, they said they had checked on it and fixed it. No apologies or anything. The next morning, I woke up late because my alarm clock doesn't work. I tried to turn on the TV to see what the weather was, but found that didn't work either. It didn't really matter, b/c they have the sound fixed so low that you can't really hear it all that well over the air conditioner anyway. In the end, I checked out early and went over to the Tribeca Grand (60 Thompson was sold out), as I've had much better luck there in the past.	
Aug 12 2004	Hip bar and perfect location	I first stayed here in November 1999 and spent most of the weekend hanging out in the hip bar drinking and meeting lots of Americans.Went back in June 2003 and the staff were brilliant it was my 30th and they organised champagne and a NYC cheesecake delivered to my room on the morning of my birthday. The bar is still one of the best places to hang out in SoHo although there are now many more to choose from.I did the SATC package both stays which is a weekend deal including breakfast and with a late checkout on the Monday perfect for catching the last flight back to the UK.	
Aug 1 2004	"My Nickel" from a Brit	Last week I spent 4 nights at the Soho Grand. I was in NYC on business and as that for me is downtown - the location is superb. Walk to work in 15 minutes - Fantastic! The room which I imagine was pretty much standard was great. I'm sure we Brits have lower expectations in terms of real estate than folks from the US but for a guy travelling alone on business it was great. In terms of the furniture, bathroom, AV kit etc again great! I know bathroom stuff lately (my wife has been refurbishing at home) and this is top quality stuff. As a benchmark we stayed at the Venetian in Las Vegas a couple of years back - this is smaller, less &quot;luxurious&quot;, much more expensive but ....more tasteful, much friendlier staff and as a bonus for a few days you get to part of what genuinely seems to be part of the NY scene. A couple of negatives - the sink didn't drain properly -not a problem for me but a bit embarrassing to leave shaving cream all over the basin for the maid to clean! And the first morning getting charged 20% for Service (Fine!) on Breakfast and then another 20% &quot;TIP&quot; (Not Fine!) - On breakfast incidentally always go for the &quot;NY Grand Breakfast&quot; at $20 - it includes Coffee, Juice, Eggs, Bacon/Sausage/Ham, potatoes and toast - if you order coffee,toast, juice etc separately or one of the other menu items it'll end up costing $30.Finally Virgin screwed up my Limo pick-up which was an hour late. Even though I was already checked out that morning the guys on the door offered to get me to JFK for free in the hotel's limo between jobs! In the end Virgin came through but that to me is SUPERB service	
Jul 22 2004	Not worth the money	Great location and cool looking lobby and bar. Thet's where the glamour stops. Rooms are overpriced and tiny - even by NYC standards. Nothing luxurious about the rooms. King Bed too short for me (otherwise it probably wouldn't fit into the small room). King Corner room for $370 a night (before taxes) make prices comparable to most luxury hotels in the city - but rooms can't compare to the likes of a Westin, W or Ritz Carlton hotel.Bathrooms are outdated and very tiny. The worst is the A/C unit build into the wall (Holiday Inn style) that on a warm summer night will run all night.	
Jul 21 2004	Soho Gem	Hip City Boutique hotel. We live in Westchester County and come in for weekends in the city. Great Soho location near boutiques and restaurants. Modern clean line rooms with all ammenities. Join the Grand Club and you will get special ratesOur favorite NYC hotel	
Jun 4 2004	Location Location . . .	With so many conflicting reviews on this hotel, I thought I'd try to give a reliable clinical assessment. First, unless you're going to shell out a significant amount of additional cash to stay at The Mercer, the Soho Grand is your only option downtown (skip the snooty, expensive and noisey 60 Thompson at all cost). It is true, the Grand's rooms and bathrooms are not spectacular. At best, they are very very average and small. During my trip both the room safe and hairdryer didn't work. There is no counter space in the bathrooms and the room lighting is insufficient for any serious reader. That said, the staff is exceedingly nice and helpful, and every mistake (like room service orders) was corrected promptly with a smile. Is it too expensive for what you get? Depends on the value you place on being in Soho as opposed to Times Square. Your New York experience staying downtown will be significantly different than a mid-town destination. Will I go back? Absolutely because, in the end, the overall experience was worth it.	
May 6 2004	Fantastic	Have to disagree strongly with the majority of the reviews for the SoHo Grand. Our stay here was nothing short of excellent. The staff were pleasant, great rooms, excellent service in the restaurant and lounge, just a lovely experience from start to finish. I've stayed at 60 Thompson which is really good too, but for us we actually preffered the SoHo Grand - especially the lounge area which is great for relaxing after a hard days shopping in the city. As for The Mercer, while it's great, the staff there really are rude and think they're far too good looking to actually give you good service! The Soho Grand doesn't have that pretention.	
Apr 29 2004	Hip looking people but dumb	I've booked 3 nights at the Soho Grand Hotel. But I already left after 1 night and moved to another hotel. The stuff at the reception is hip looking but dumb, it took me some time to explain the guys that I didn't want to appear the minibar charges on my invoice - as I was on a business trip.I received my credit card invoice, including charges of the hotel, which for me are absolutley unreproducible. To clear this matter after my trip, took me some hours.I've booked a Standard Room - and this was really pretty small like a shoe box. There was no space to keep my luggage. The carpet in the room was dirty and as one could see old.The bathroom was such small - that it was not really a pleasure to take a shower. I wouldn't recommend this Hotel to business travelers. If you just wanna have lunch or a cool cosmopolitan - this place is ok.	
Apr 6 2004	What a View	What a trip, what a view. I have always loved NY but never stayed anywhere in the city that compares to the SoHo Grand. The staff were polite and friendly, the room was on the 15th floor overlooking the whole of the Manhattan skyline, we fell asleep and woke to a view of the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings, the CD collection was great, the complimentary goldfish (Geronimo) gurgled happily in the corner of our room and the bar is VERY trendy. SoHo/Greenwich Village area of NY are definitely the coolest places to be and a tranquil haven after a busy day touring the City. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and don't be put off by the comments elsewhere about unfriendly staff or noise, if you're friendly, they're friendly!!!	
Apr 6 2004	Awful unless you miss NYU single dorm rooms w/ small baths	Hugely dissapointing except for guys on the door hailing cabs to get out of there.Maybe you like pint-sized rooms, bashed up radiator covers, poor ventliation, toilet seats that won't stay up in the &quot;men's position&quot; and kiddie sized porcelan potties and sinks. Also surplus room electronics from the back of &quot;Uncle Steve's&quot; around the corner on lovely Canal St., full of garbage on the corner and $5 counterfeit &quot;Walking Tall&quot; and &quot;Dawn of the Dead&quot; DVD's. Furntiture looks 10 years worn from IKEA. Not me, I was out of there early the next morning . But if you like this stuff in a self-consciiously &quot;what is hip?&quot; environment complete w' their &quot;Sex and the City&quot; weekend package, this is your place.If not at least the doormen are really good at getting you out of there and all subway lines are close by. P.S. They offered to do nothing for me when I called the desk and told them iwas out of there and why except to ask me if I would fill out a comment card. i told them, I had to hop but it was a six letter word that started with s and ended with d and a three letter word that started with a and ended with s! They still didn't get it! For me, the &quot;new hip&quot; is big rooms and big bathrooms, not how many bodies you can stuff into a 180sq. ft. room, but if you like this stuff, cone ahead. Otherwise, do your hanging out at Balthuzar's , Da Silvano and the W bars and find a better place to stay. Jim Zisson, Palm Beach. Fl. 33480	
Mar 24 2004	Pretty so-so	Nothing wrong per say but the room was tiny and plain. The &quot;W&quot; or Marriot Grand Marquis would be much better choices for the money.	
Mar 3 2004	If you're looking for good service don't stay here	I was totally disappointed by this hotel. We arrived very late at night after a nightmare journey last August. Even though we'd phoned through earlier to advise arrival time, the lobby was deserted and we had to wait 15mins while a guy from the bar tried to get us assistance. Then we had a terrible room right next to the generator and when we checked out another room, the neighbours were having a full blown domestic for the whole floor to hear. Even the bell boy advised us to stay where we were! We'd booked up a weekend deal which included champagne, free CD, chocolates etc etc. Of course we couldn't expect this on our late arrival but it didn't show the next day and we had to ask twice before we received anything and then felt bad for asking! The bath filled up when showering and still did so after being 'fixed'. When we phoned for a guy to fix it and asked them to give us 30 mins to get dried and dressed, he arrived in 2 mins and fixed it while we were still in our towels! We spent 3 nights in this hotel. I phoned twice to speak to the manager who never returned our calls. It was only the night before we left that we got to speak to the woman on concierge who was most apologetic. We told her that we were leaving at 6am the next morning and after listening to our complaints she offered us complimentary breakfast the next morning. When i asked her what time the restaurant opened, she said 7.30am! I know this place is meant to be great, but I can tell you that we won't be staying there again. Totally inadequate service which lets down what could be a great hotel.	
Jan 25 2004	The rooms are awful and the service is clinical	What a disappointment! The foyer, bar and lobby are so promising but the rooms were plain ordinary given the cost. Our room was so dark we were tempted to ask for another room light. In -20 New York temperatures the heating blew only &quot;mildly warm air&quot;. The provision of soaps and shampoo was nothing short of stingy. Much better deals around than this.	
Jan 24 2004	Loved Soho Part 2	Okay People, Stayed there again and the room this time was very comfortable. I did not run into a single rude person. All of the staff went out of there way to be extremely welcoming. As always the doormen were a &quot;Class Act&quot;. If anyone has anything negative to say about the staff well maybe the staff is not the problem. They were wonderful. T	
Jan 22 2004	Why do the wrong people travel?	LOVE everything about this hotel, it is quintessentially Soho from the industrial cement-floored lobby to the soothing chic rooms. For the wrong people, the hip staff might be intimidating. But I always found them friendly and professional. It all depends on your expectations, but for me this is Mercer style at a much affordable price.	
Jan 22 2004	Friendly comfortable and convenient	I recently returned from my third visit to the great hotel. In my opinion they have the friendliest, most informed staff; they really &quot;get it.&quot; The rooms are smallish compared to other cities, but large when compared to the other boutique options in New York. And I find the decor warm and inviting with special touches like the CDs on the desk and the great snack bar. But it's really the location that keeps bringing me back. I would highly reccomend this place if you like Soho.	
Jan 19 2004	Avoid.	Totally underwhelming experience. King beds that aren't really king, incredibly poor ventilation in the rooms (think 60s era window mount ventilation boxes in roadside motels), dark poky rooms. Food and service at restaurant worse than a decent Sheraton Minimal to no service in basic areas (like concierge, security/doorman - my favorite was coming down at 6AM to hop a cab to the airport only to find a deserted ground floor with some guy smoking up in the foyer. Ended up running up the street to flag a cab myself - cabbie asked me why their doormen weren't around). Good features - coffee machines on every floor, pleasant staff, reasonable prices on things like room service, etc.Bottom line - if you want to stay in SoHo, and you're not really price sensitive, don't do it here. Try 60 Thompson or the Mercer. If price is an issue, you might still do better to try a W or a Schrager, though you won't be in SoHo - this hotel isn't insanely expensive, but it isn't cheap, either.	
Jan 13 2004	So Terrible	My husband and I live in NYC and booked 2 nights here as a mini-getaway for the weekend from our kids. It was so disappointing. Our &quot;Deluxe King&quot; bed was the length of only a Full size bed. I'm 5' 10&quot; and my husband is 6' 2&quot; and our feet were hanging off the bed, so we slept curled up on our sides. The front desk didn't think there was a problem with advertising a &quot;King&quot; bed that is not &quot;King&quot; by mattress industry standards! Plus, the bed had only a skimpy flannel blanket covered by a rough linen-ish top, so if you are looking for a plush, cozy bed with lots of fluffy duvets and pillows, do not come here.The window shade broke (apparently this is a a common problem and the hotel is getting new ones soon); there was a draft of cold air coming through AC/heating unit in the wall (it was 18 degrees in NYC!) and when the heat did come on, it was very loud, like in a cheap motel; the non-slip decals on the bottom of the white tub were dingy grey; there was no dresser; the TV picture was fuzzy as if there was no good cable connection; and the room was very small.Our room was so depressing and uncomfortable, we moved to the W Union Square, where we enjoyed a huge, extremely sunny room facing Union Sq. Park and blue skies and slept for hours in a PROPER &quot;King&quot; size bed with a fluffy duvet and overall more plush furnishings.	
Jan 4 2004	I'd avoid the So-so Grand	For the money, you're better off at the W or one of the Ian Schrager properties. The location is great, but the rudeness of some staff and lack of amenities mean I won't be going back. There is no turn-down service, no one at the door during most of the day and night (I was told they have a security camera in case anything happens- what's a security camera going to do, and, more importantly, how is the camera going to help me with my bags?), the shower backed up, housekeeping began, loudly, at 8:30, and I was charged for toll-free calls as &quot;local calls&quot; with no notice in the guest handbook or elsewhere. My (polite!) request to have those charges reversed, along with the request of another guest in line before me to have mysterious mini-bar charges removed was met with sympathy by the front desk clerks, but did not receive the necessary approval of the little dictator of a front desk manager who rolled his eyes and treated us like we just wanted to weasel out of something.I could maybe overlook a shower malfunction or an over-eager housekeeper, but I can't forgive a staff that acts like they don't want you to stay with them.	
Dec 17 2003	Soho kinda Grand	When you walk in the place is amazing, they did a great job decorating. The staff was mediocre at best. My feeling is that if I am paying to stay somewhere, I by no means need to impress the door man or front desk attendant and that is exactly the way they act. You are in the service industry and probably can't afford to stay in the hotel you work at... The view was outstanding and I loved the furniture and music collection until we had a knock at the door telling us to turn down the stereo. It was something like jazz not playing loud enough to even be heard in the bathroom (10 ft. away tops). All in all if you take out the staff you have a great place and if you want to feel like you are as classy as a NYC bellhop this is your place.	
Sep 29 2003	Honeymoon Stay	My wife and I just got back from a 5 night stay at the SoHo Grand. The location of the hotel in our opinion was excellent. Right in the middle of SoHo and a short walk from Greenwich Village, Tribecca, Little Italy and ChinaTown. The eating and shopping around the hotel was awesome and it was actually relaxtion to stay in that location because we were away from all of the hustle and bustle of midtown. The hotel itself was Ok. The library bar was a hit but the service was overall not that good. We were to have a complimentary bottle of champaign in our room upon arrival but we had to ask for it, room service food was horrible (do not get the pizza) and the pay per views movies in the room did not work along with the floor ice machine. We stayed on the 10th floor but had to walk up to 14 to find a machine that worked. We had an excellent view of the Empire state building which made the room itself even better. The room itself was small but what you would expect from Manhatten. I would stay the hotel again for the location but not for the service. If you want to be pampered go somewhere else but if you want location I would recommend the Grand. Very swany and upscale.	
Aug 25 2003	Not So Grand		
Aug 16 2003	Fantastic!		
Jul 30 2003	Fantastic package!		
Jul 11 2003	Great hotel tiny room!		
Jul 6 2003	Hip and Happenin'		
Jun 18 2003	Soho Grand was near perfect		
May 20 2003	Loved the Soho Grand		
Apr 9 2003	Sex in the city weekend package		
Mar 16 2003	Pluses and minuses		
Jan 23 2003	Goldfish		
Nov 24 2009 	??????????????		
Nov 19 2009 	Adorei o hojel		
Sep 8 2009 	molto soho		
Jul 10 2009 	???		
Jun 14 2009 	un hotel alla moda ben posizionato		
Jun 7 2009 	Volver al Soho Grand Hotel		
May 8 2009 	sejour tres agreable		
Mar 21 2009 	Au coeur de NY		
Jan 15 2009	Fantastico!		
Sep 21 2008 	hotel in stile contemporaneo		
Sep 4 2008 	Dcevant		
Jul 1 2008 	Empfehlenswert		
Feb 17 2008 	trs belles parties communes chambre OK un peu cher		
Jan 9 2008 	Perfetto		
Oct 24 2006 	Funciona solo proque esta en NY		
Sep 10 2006	Grosse dception !		
