	Noisey until 4am next door to a night club. but 10 minutes from Times Sq.	This little hotel is OK if you are on a budget. We were worried when we arrived at the hotel after a delayed flight at 2am, large noisey crowds outside coming and going from the night club. We were on the 7th floor at the front of the hotel, so were kept awake until the early hours for the 3 nights we were there!. Its not the prettiest of locations, but is only a 10 minute walk from Broadway and Times Sq, and about the same to Macys and the Empire State Building. Our room looked clean at first, but then found price tags and other stuff on the floor, but the bathroom was spotless and the room, apart from being really small, was nicely decorated and the staff were just brilliant. The port authority bus station is just around the corner, so if you arrive there from the airport, it is just a few minutes walk. We got a taxi from Newark airport because of our late arrival ($67 for 3 of us) and got the hotel shuttle back ($62)This was my first time in New York, but the one thing I would recommend, is going up the Empire State Building at night, very quiet and go eat and drink in the brewery/restaurant right by the entrance, as it is just fabulous, great food and beer.And at the end of it, its just a quick walk back to the hotel.Would I stay at this hotel again?? NO! there must be better hotels in this price range, and next time I would make sure I did more research, but dont be put off if you have booked. I read some really dreadful reports about this hotel after I had booked, but at the end of the day, you get what you have paid for.	
	One of the best hotels I've stayed in in NYC for the money!	I've been going to NYC for over 20 years every Thanksgiving and stayed in a lot of hotels...this is by far the best hotel I've stayed in. The value for the money was outstanding. To start with, the front desk staff was so helpful - especially one of the front desk staff named Willie - he always had a smile and hello for us coming or going. The breakfast was excellent and a great way to start the day - muffins, pastries, cereals, fruit, hard boiled eggs, fresh made waffles, juices, coffee, and more. Breakfast room was a little small, but you could take food back to rooms. The rooms had the most modern and up-to-date decor I have seen in NYC, even the bathrooms were modern. Location was great - very close to Times Square. I'm telling you - you will not find better hotel for the money in NYC. Yes - rooms are small, but in NYC all hotel rooms are small. I've already booked this hotel for next Thanksgiving.	
Nov 25 2009 	Brilliant location and friendly helpful staff	My wife, two daughters and I have never been to New York before and I was a bit worried about the location of the hotel in relation to the city centre and would we be miles from the activities. The answer to this, staying at this hotel is a definate no, you are really close to Times Square. Our break was 5 nights B&amp;B. We got the bus from Newark Airport (cost $25 return per person. Would cost $15 one way) and got off at the Port Authority Bus Depot. It literally is a 5 minute easy walk to the hotel and a waste of money if you were to use a taxi. The hotel had construction work on going outside but this did not impact on our stay. We got a twin bed room on the 10th floor and it was small but functional, given the limited time we were in the room. The bathroom was a good size and had shower, bath and washbasin. There was a hairdryer there as well. (Remember to take an adapter for phone chargers, hair straightners etc). There was not a lot of wardrobe space so we tended to leave stuff in the cases. There was an iron and board although we never used it. Tea coffee making was also provided. Breakfast was on level 1 and consisted of a wide selection of pastries, freshly made muffins, cereals, fresh fruit and tea coffee and fruit juices. The eating area was small but functional and you could take food back to your room. We ate breakfast two mornings but ended up going for breakfast at a place called Tick Tock which is near Madison Square Gardens.There are so many things to do and places to eat that you will not be stuck for choice. At the end of our stay we kept the room for $50 as it needed to be vacated by 11.00am and our flight was not until 7.50pm. The hotel staff explained we had two choices. 1- We vacate the room by 11.00am and they would look after our luggage. 2- We pay $50 dollars and keep the room until 7pm. We decided the latter and we were glad we did as my wife and daughter did not feel like going out and about the last day. If I was returning to New York I would use this hotel again. That said I would also check Trip Advisor to see if there was better available.If you are booked here then you have nothing to worry about and if you are still to book then I would recommend this place to you but would also suggest you do your own homework as there could be better &quot;little gems&quot; out there.	
Nov 13 2009 	great find	Staff was very pleasant and helpful. Excellent central location on 46th St. Room was spotless, plenty of towels. Instant internet connection. Parking was convenient and discounted. Great value for a great price. Very impressed and would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great Location Clean rooms and friendly staff	very very close to times square, small but clean and new rooms, continental breakfast included which was nice enough - bagels, english muffins, freshly made waffles, ceareal tea coffee hot choc, breakfast room was small but cleanall in all a nice hotel for a busy city break if you don't want to spend too much money on your hotel	
Oct 30 2009 	Not one of the prettiest locations but an ideal central starting point	Arrived on a dismal rainy Saturday evening by taxi from Newark but we were already prepared for the hotel from past comments and extensive use of Google Streets! Reception staff were very good on arrival handling my Yorkshire accent well.Room is small but we didn't spend much time in it apart from sleeping. Bathroom and toilet are spotless - my wife is very particular about these things.Breakfast area is small and I would say very cosy (again clean)! If there wasn't any room to sit at a table, people would just take stuff back up to their rooms to eat.This hotel is literally 10 minutes walk from the Bus Station. We arrived by taxi but took the Airport Shuttle from the bus station back to Newark ($30 for two, cheaper than the $90 for the taxi).Location is brilliant - 10 minutes from Times Square - its that good. Empire State Building another 10 minutes ( you will do a lot of walking so get some good walking shoes).Nightclub next door? - we did hear some noise and we were on the 3rd floor at the front, but the windows had good soundproofing and didn't disturb us at all.Reception checked us onto the return flight back to UK (we'd arrived sat separately) and looked after our bags until ready to leave.Again, enjoyed our short stay at this hotel, would certainly recommend it for its location.	
Oct 22 2009 	Convenient for travel and major attractions	The hotel isn't in Times Square, but it's not far from it (a couple of blocks). Some rooms overlook the current Times newspaper offices and the main bus terminal (which makes it convenient for buses, a taxi dispatch and several subway lines - stations for various lines are interconnected by underground walkways there). The neighbourhood isn't great looking though there are some well run deli's and coffee shops nearby. I read somewhere (Choice hotels site?) that the hotel has a restaurant - they must have mixed that up as it doesn't, thought there are places to eat nearby.We've been to New York before and know hotels are pretty expensive there, like many other big cities where real estate is at a premium. We got a good rate (for the date) via Quick Book and stayed a whole week at this property. We paid a bit more per night than on previous trips, but the room was a whole lot better, and there were more facilities including breakfast.The first room we were allocated wasn't the type we booked, but I got the duty manager to change it as we wanted a king size and just one bed. The 4th floor room was clean, modern and well appointed with a good TV, safe large enough for a laptop plus cameras, passports etc. The rooms are however small and there's isn't a lot of space for luggage - you have to be disciplined with your stuff. The bathroom was fine - clean and everything worked well including the shower (to operate the shower you have to pull down on a small ring on the end of the bath tub faucet/tap spout which can be confusing). I used the free wifi successfully several times with both a laptop and a wifi phone. Connection speed was OK. You have to get the access code from reception. We had no trouble sleeping. The bed was very comfortable, the aircon worked if you wanted it, you could open the window for fresh air (though that made it a little noisy with the sounds of the city). I asked about a refrigerator/microwave but apparently they only had 3 rooms with those facilities, which were all in use. In the end we didn't need them, and chilled a bottle of wine using the ice bucket.We had a few minor niggles during our stay, but most of these were dealt with by the front desk staff - the maid took the complimentary newspaper away before we had a chance to read it, the phone wouldn't allow me to make a local call and so on. Be aware that there may be a small daily charge if you use the safe.The breakfast was good, with a selection of cakes and pastries, cereal, juice and waffles. The breakfast room, in the basement, is small but adequate. Some problems come from how guests behave and use it, with some folks choosing to sit long after they have finished eating, seemingly oblivious to other guests waiting. It pays to get in there early if possible, and you can always grab something and take it back to your room. Tea/coffee were available there 24/7 along with complimentary snack bars. There were also vending machines and a ice maker. There was also a coffee machine in the room and the maid left enough for a couple of cups each day. Bottled water was also provided in the room some days.All the staff at the hotel were great, particularly the guy running the breakfast room. The front entrance and lobby weren't great to look at, particularly as there was construction work going on when we were there, and you sometimes get bags of trash piled up, but it's functional. There's a concierge desk available for booking tours, tickets and transportation, though we didn't use it. There's a small waiting area in the lobby and the staff will hold luggage for you. They kindly let us use the restroom downstairs to change and sort out our luggage before our transatlantic flight home.	
Oct 17 2009 	Filthy Noisy Hotel. Appropriate customer service.	My friend &amp; I booked this hotel last minute with nowhere else to stay in New York.We arrived on a Saturday night, greeted by an enormous pile of black rubbish bags and 'Escuelitas', the nightclub next door, in full swing. There were lots of the club kids hanging around by the hotel entrance. The entrance &amp; reception area of the hotel are dirty &amp; small. Our room was located in the basement, where you could hear the music from the nightclub, thumping through the walls. It also stank of damp, &amp; was tiny. There was the bed, &amp; room for me to walk in front of it &amp; down one side. The walls were marked &amp; dirty, with torn portions of wallpaper. The bed cover had large stains on it including (I hope) what looked like some sort of blue candle wax. How anyone is supposed to sleep in this room is beyond me.The tv had no remote, there were no bin liners in the bins and there were no opening windows, but there was a balcony door, which, when I asked, I was given a key to. However, the air con system chucks out warm air here, into a dirty smelly courtyard. The smell was bad. We shut the door again and braved the damp smell inside. The bathroom, was actually clean, and of a surprisingly high standard when compared with the room itself. We asked to be moved, but the hotel was full. The staff said they would relocate us the next day.We attempted to use the kitchen facilities to make some food &amp; discovered tomorrows breakfast, sitting (bagged) on the floor in a dirty closet. The plates were made of polysterene &amp; mine actually melted from a piece of toast sitting on it. The kitchen &amp; cleaning cupboards were both on our floor, so after a night of trying to sleep, we were disturbed all morning by people coming to use facilities, and the cleaning cupboards which are also on that floor. The staff knocked twice within an hour, wanting to relocate us. Clearly all we wanted to do was sleep, but this was never going to happen.We were VERY tired. We had had a long flight the night before. This was our first New York experience. We also had no idea of real day light, or the weather from this low level room, making it even harder to get motivated.We relocated to a room on much higher level (16?). The view, of all the buildings, and dirty, treeless streets was actually quite depressing, but any lower floors on the same side would have had a view of a car park below. The window at least opened a crack, but again, the bed sheets were dirty &amp; smelt disgusting, I mean AWFUL-no way was I sleeping in them tonight. They brought us our own refrigerator &amp; microwave so we could avoid the kitchen level, but by then I had discovered the bathroom door did not shut, the shower head was broken, still no bin liners in the bins &amp; I had just had enough of this hotel now. We spent the day finding another hotel, and relocating. This meant coming back for our things &amp; asking to be transferred (to another Comfort Inn). They said they would charge us for both nights &amp; that a transfer was not possible due to the hotels bring under different management. (If we had booked through an agent it was apparently possible). We were told we would have to come back the following day to discuss this with management, &amp; ask for our money back. The manager was currently unavailable. Our first day in New York was ruined by lack of sleep, money spent on around town &amp; worrying about finding another available hotel. We DID get all our money back for the nights charged. But it took a lot of time, effort &amp; wasting the precious time we had in the city, &amp; were not compensated for that.On making the right choice on where to stay in New York again, I know that this is not the answer.	
Oct 8 2009 	Would definitely stay here again!	We stayed at the Comfort Inn for 3 nights. It's less than a block away from a metro station, and very close to Times Square. We were also able to walk just a few blocks to see Wicked. The hotel had just opened last month, so the rooms were very clean, if not a little small. The windows were very thin, so you can hear ALL the street noise all night long. There is a bar on the same block, so it got really loud sometimes. We stayed here for only $120 per night. The staff was very helpful, and there's a very nice continental breakfast served each morning.	
Sep 22 2009 	THE HELL HOLE OF NEW YORK.	I want to start by saying this is my first ever review but after staying at this hotel i feel its only right to tell people to stay away.It all started when you first pull up to the hotel it looking like a building site with rubbish bags all over the the place and to say they smell it was like being at a rubbish tip, Also i would like to add that before you get in the hotel you always have to walk pass the hotel staff puffing away on their cigrettes 2 inches from the door.After this you walk through to the reception area which is more dirty than any i have ever known i really wanted to wash my hands after touching any thing in that room.To be honest the staff behind the desk were ok cant complain about that they gave me the key and off i went after tripping over 10 bags as the room is so small.So up the lift i went to the 14th floor hallway was clean so that was a good point.Into the room well when i say room more like a cupboard i thought it was going to be small but a place for the suitcase would of been nice then to top it all off looked out of the window into the building opposite you could see what was on there computers so you need to leave the blind down all day which does not help when you feel your in a prison cell any way.The next morning after a good night sleep as the bed is nice at last the hotel has got something right we went down to the breakfast room, we took one look at this and laughed and went out for breakfast i did not fancy eating 1 inch away from the person next to you seriously it was that small and im not lying.The location of the hotel is very good as its right on times square but the avenue its on is dirty smelly and just a hell hole there is no way that my wife would of gone out on that road at night on her own.Then to top all this off the last morning we got up and checked out which the person on the desk just took the key and did not say a word which i thought was rude and as the hotel had booked the taxi for us i just politely asked is that my taxi outside and his reply was DONT KNOW JUST GO AND ASK this was so rude so i just walked out.Right i must finish with this hotel is cheap BUT DONT STAY HERE AND IF YOU HAVE BOOKED I FEEL VERY SORRY FOR YOU.	
Sep 19 2009 	Too Small Too Price and Bathrooms Suck	We arrived tired from Miami and had a reservation for room with twin beds. WEre told by the hotel staff that they are upgrading us to a junior suite with a king size bed and it has 2 bed rooms.We jumped with joy till the time entering the room.The 1 BED ROOM as she said was so small that we could barely keep our luggages and walk. The KING SIZE bed could only take 1 of us. It was so small. The internet wi fi did not work and they did not have an internet cable. Finally I rolled down the sofa [--] bed to sleep and it tilted like a slide. The shower was too confusing to operate. The only good part of the hotel is proximity to times squre. But if you are planning a rest and you are 2, I would recommend go to another hotel. Staff is good but the hotel rooms sizes are too too small.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great location	Great location at Time Square. Rooms were clean, bed was comfortable, breakfast adequate start to the day.	
Aug 24 2009 	Small but certainly suitable	My 2 daughters and I (from The Netherlands) enjoyed our 4-night stay at the Comfort Inn Times Square. The location was perfect, near to Times Square, Broadway, the open-top tour buses, a Starbucks and the subway. We came in on the Airtrain and Subway from JFK which was easy and the hotel is next to the Port Authority. Don't be put off by the exterior (building work and rubbish on the street), inside all is fine (remember this is a 2-3* hotel). The whole hotel is a bit on the small side from the lobby to the rooms, but these are modern and clean smelling and the bathroom in our room was very clean with a daily change of towels. We did have a problem understanding how to work the shower though!We had read about the small breakfast room, but it was adequate and the bagels, toast, cereals and muffins were good and made an easy start to the day. As for the service, we are Europeans so our expectations are generally lower. (Americans expect more, we have got used to putting up with less!). For us there was nothing at all to complain about at all. The desk staff were polite, I was immediately informed about the free wireless internet for my iphone which was perfect (most business hotels I have stayed in recently charged EUR 12 a day) and the hotel stored our luggage (lots of it) for free on the last day.For our mother and daughter trip to New York this hotel was certainly suitable and I would recommend it to anyone who is planning to spend most of their time in New York seeing the signts and not staying in their room.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great location..but sometimes that's just not enough	I booked this hotel from reviewing others good comments so I will start my review with the good!Check-in staff were very friendly and professional and a credit to the hotel.Breakfast was nice..although the breakfast area is small it serves it's purpose. As you may have read from previous reviews..the staff in the restaurant are prompt in removing the breakfast away on the stroke on 09.30 and although I arrived on time I observed a guest having to argue with a member of staff in order to get a bagel at 0930(due to their prompt service of removing everything) so therefore a piece of advise..tell people the buffet closes at 09.15 so they have at least 15 mins to grab afew things or stay with the orinigal time of 09.30 and give people 15mins grace so that if they do arrive at 09.30 that they can actually get somthing to eat...onto the room..as I had read on previous commend 'the room is small but for new york standards it's fine'.nothing could of surprised me more at how small that room was going to be..TINY!.Seriouly glad I only had to stay there 2 nights or we would of gone mad. I personally didn't even spend that much time in the hotel room but it's so small that it was a few hours too much.My sheets also had stains on them that reselembed blood stains..not impressed.location wise great but as I said that sometimes isn't enough. I personally wouldn't recommend to a friend due to the small room size.	
Jul 20 2009 	Nice Place to Stay	My husband and I stayed here recently and found it a great hotel and location. It is fairly new (opened Nov. 2007) so it has modern furnishings, flat screen TV, safe in room, mirco and fridge. (The fridge was not plugged in so it did not get cold enough later that evening for us to use it). Rooms are very tiny (guessing they are 12 x 12) with a tiny bathroom but we have found them all to be small in NY City. Location is great and about 10 min walk to Rockerfeller Ctr and St. Patrick's Cathedral. Short distance (about 10 min) to theatre district and Times Square. Hotel staff were very nice and accommodating when my reservation had an issue. The free breakfast is in the basement floor and very small. Had bagels, oatmeal, cereal but would not let you make your own waffles as the server made them herself which I had never seen before. Not much space to sit down there so we took the food up to the room (brought the tray from the room with us). This one is much nicer than the other Comfort Inn in Times Square which is just as small but not as modern. We would definitely stay here again and are planning to return.By the way, if you drive in, they validate your parking which will cost you $40. Do yourself a favor and go online before coming and get a coupon from the Central Parking Garage on W 38th street. We got an internet coupon for $25 for 24 hour parking there which was a deal for NY City. Again - this garage will take you about 10 mins to walk there.	
Jul 10 2009 	great location	the stuffed up our reservation but ended up giving us 2 seperate king rooms instead of 1 room with 2 double beds! Beds were comfortable! Shower was ok!Make sure you get to breakfast early because they take the food away right on time even if people are still lining up for food!Location was very handy to everything! Would stay here again!Rooms are small but thats what you get in NYC!	
Jul 2 2009 	Not what I expected	We just got back from a 2 night stay and definitely expected more. Being New York I expected the room to be small and that it was! There was no room to put our luggage and no dresser to store anything. The king size bed was very big and comfortable until we found a bug crawling around our pillows. The bathroom is decent sized but somehow water would leak huge puddles onto the floor after every shower. Continental breakfast is provided but when I walked down there at 9:15 then were putting everything away &amp; I was not &quot;allowed&quot; to get anything even though breakfast was supposed to be served until 9:30. On a positive note, the location is ideal. We were able to walk everywhere including Times Square, Fifth Avenue, even to Central Park! Overall, close in distance but would not stay again.	
Jun 22 2009 	Very dangerous shower and no counter in the bathroom to put anything	We stayed here for 3 nights and expected much more after reading other reviews. I did expect the VERY SMALL room but I did not expect the bathroom situation. There was absolutely no counter in the bathroom and the toilet had a sloped lid so nothing even stayed on top of that. We had to carry toiletries back &amp; forth while trying to balance them on the sink. Also the walk in shower did not drain away from the floor and the floor was very wet after each shower and I slipped and almost fell untill I finally got enough towels to put all over the floor. Up to that point it was 2 towel, 2 washcloths, 2 hand towels - no extras. Also on the first day I was pleased to receive the newspaper as usual but we were off to an early start so I left it unopened on the dresser expecting to read it upon our return only to find it gone. When I complained at the front desk I was told they would get me one - never happened. For the next 2 days I never received a newspaper and after requesting one from the front desk was told they would get me one from the store - never happened. I asked 3 times and when I saw one on the counter was told it was for another customer! My biggest surprise was when I looked at my bill only to find out I had been overcharged from what I was quoted on my reservation. After I emailed them a copy of my reservation showing the lower price they sent a new bill and only time will tell if my credit card is charged the correct amount. This motel is clean and very close to everything and we were able to walk or take a short taxi ride where we wanted to go. The front desk people need to do a better job of assisting customers.	
Jun 12 2009 	Value for Money in the heart of New York	Just back from a four night stay in the Comfort Inn. Check in was smooth with friendly staff. As others have said previously, rooms are a bit on the small side but then again you don't go to New York to spend time in your room. The location is ideal, just a few blocks from Times Square, Macy's, Empire State Building etc. The hotel is also just around the corner from the Port Authority bus station - perfect if you want to use the airport express bus.The breakfast room is tiny but we always managed to find a table. Breakfast consists of the usual - cereals, breads, cakes and waffles.The room was clean with towels and linen changed daily. Only problem we had was trying to figure out how to work the shower - a quick visit to reception and we had the answer.There is some building work on a skyscaper next door but nothing that would cause too much disturbance. We would certainly stay in this hotel again should we return to NYC especially for the price we paid and its location.	
May 28 2009 	Just okay	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Time Square for 2 nights in May. When we got to the room the air conditioning was broken (would not turn off) so we were quickly moved to another room. The second room was in good working order. Please note that the rooms are quite small though, even for NY standards. The only reason I mention this is because there was barely any room to put our luggage anywhere! The area also definitely has some &quot;grit&quot; on it. Not as nice as other parts of NY. Location was close to subway lines and attractions though.Only other complaint is that the stairwell gets used a lot in this hotel and since there are only 4 rooms per floor you constantly hear the stairwell door slamming. They offered a continental breakfast which was nice.Room and hotel were just okay.	
May 3 2009 	Would recommend this hotel	I stayed for 3 nights, single traveller, and was most impressed with the clealiness and service at the Comfort Inn. The complimentary breakfast was more than I expected,Jay,&quot; the breakfast girl&quot; was very helpful and made sure everything was available and was on hand to make the waffles. One very warm day I returned late afternoon and they had been up to my room and turned the air conditioning on, I was very impressed - that certainly would not have happened back here in the UK.	
Apr 23 2009 	Affordable in the heart of Times Square - and so nice!	They were SO nice. I had a group of students with me. We arrived at 10 am, and we just wanted them to hold our bags, but they checked us into our rooms. How nice! The rooms are small but they've made great use of the space, everything fits. The location was great, close walk to Times Square lights, and close to the subway. Smoke-free and they do a good job of that too. The only thing is if you use the safe, they charge for that, and add on a charity charge too.	
Apr 20 2009 	This Hotel ticks ALL the boxes	I had a short stay over in New York en-route to Orlando, Florida with my two daughters, sister and one daughters boyfriend, and cannot fault this hotel, it's amenities and the staff. On arrival we were greeted with big smiles and very pleasant front desk staff who gave us maps and information before we even got to our rooms. They informed us of the free breakfast and times as well as the services of the concierge. We had two rooms booked and though I did not visit my daughter and her boyfriends room, I was more than happy with my own, but was informed that their room was the same. The beds were very clean and comfortable. We had free newspaper, tea/coffee for machine and bottled water every day as well as the use of a free in room safe to keep our valuables in. The free breakfast was plentiful and delicious. I would strongly recommend you try the waffles. Though the dining area is on the small side, if you go early you can just walk straight to a table. It is only if you go a bit later at about 9.00am that you may have to waite for a table.The Concierge's could not have been more helpful. Concierge Katrina went out of her way to assist me in obtaining addresses for places we wanted to go to and wrote everything down so we could take it with us. Directions, information, telephoning to confirm pick up for transport back to airport, nothing was too much trouble. In fact, nothing was too much trouble for anyone working at the Comfort Inn.If I go back to New York, which I hope I do, I would have no hesitation in using this hotel once more.	
Apr 18 2009 	FANTASTIC LOCATION....GREAT HOTEL.	We stayed at the Comfort Inn from Apr 4th to the 8th. They were fantastic...our fight got in really early in the morning so they let us leave our luggage and explore. We also flew out late and they did the same. The rooms were small but what do you really need??? By the time you get home you are exhausted from all the walking. The beds were comfy and there is a fridge and microwave which is nice. They also give you free water each day. All the staff was fantastic and the concierge was helpful. We have a great stay....New York is a fabulous city. This hotels is minutes from Madison Square Gardens, Times Square, Penn Station and Port Authority. It is easy to get anywhere in this City from this hotel.I would recommend this place to everyone!	
Apr 8 2009 	iPod went "missing"	Stayed in the Comfort Inn from the 13th to 18th march, Location was good, Rooms and bathrooms were clean. We had 2 twin rooms booked (4 males) and when we arrived they had 1 twin room and 1 double so i had to share a double bed with my mate for a couple of nights!! They did move us to a twin room after 2 nights. This is when my iPod went missing in the hotel. It was left on the ipod dock in the room and when i reported it missing a member of staff went back to the room and it wasn't there!! I emailed the hotel when i got home to see if it turned up and i got no reply!!!	
Apr 6 2009 	Great hotel! Very good stay!	The hotel is very clean and our room looked brand new with new furniture and very comfortable bed. Nevertheless, the romm is very small. The continental breakfast is very good but the restaurant is too small.  The only problem in this hotel is the concierge. They are very unprofessional. We almost missed our flight because the shuttle service didn't come and we had to take a cab, and pay a lot more. Except for this, it's a very good hotel and we would stay there again.	
Mar 15 2009	Amazing service and value for our large group	I am a frequent traveler but have never left a review for a hotel. Until now I have not been impressed or disappointed enough to take the time to write a review. We brought a large school group to the Comfort Inn Times square and had an absolutely fantastic time. We had a total of 52 people and took up 14 rooms so you could consider this review multiplied by 14. The hotel location is so close to Times Square and the subway that we had 2 senior citizens with us and they were happy with how close everything was. The rooms look exactly like their picture and for a New York hotel are actually bigger than most i have seen. The continental breakfast accommodated our large group and was a huge benefit for both a good breakfast and saving money in New York. They don't have a fitness center or a pool but who wants that when you are in New York? Get out and see the city. All things aside the best thing about this hotel was the staff. New Yorkers are not known for being friendly which we saw in the streets asking for directions, but this hotel's staff went above and beyond what would even be considered hospitable. Not only were they friendly and helpful with directions but they had everything ready for us when we arrived at 7:30 AM. We needed a place to put our bags and they allowed us to leave them there and even let some of the group check in to the available rooms. I would and already have recommended this hotel to friends and co-workers. When I return to New York, whether with just my family or with a large group, I will be staying at this hotel.	
Feb 27 2009 	Clean Comfortable and Convienent!	I spent President's Day weekend in NYC and loved the Comfort Inn Times Square! The room are small but really do you go to NYC to stay in a room! The location is FABULOUS!!!!!!! Yes, the breakfast area is tiny but people were really nice and things moved along very well. I would stay there again and plan to do so!	
Feb 2 2009 	Unbeatable Value for Location	Stayed here during MLK weekend in January to celebrate a birthday. Booked through Hotels.com, the total for 3 nights was about $350. It's normally that much for one night in Times Square! The hotel is at 39th and 8th, only a few short blocks to the heart of Times Square, Macy's Herald Square and Penn Station. I asked the front desk for a room with a view and while no room has a direct view of the Square, we stayed on the 16th floor and had an awesome view of the New York Times building! The room was small, but the bathroom was actually quite spacious. Rooms are very tastefully decorated and the beds are comfy. I read the other comments about the front desk staff and couldn't disagree more. Sure, the front desk area is quite small and got a bit crazy at times, but if you are willing to be patient and offer a smile, the staff will go out of their way to help you. Overall, this hotel is an absolutely unbeatable value!	
Jan 25 2009 	Perfect location	As most people have already said the rooms in the hotel are small but they are comfortable. We had enough room for 2 medium suitcases and a large holdall. The bed was very comfy and bathroom was clean, the towels were changed everyday. Housekeeping left two bottles of water in the room everyday.The hotel itself was fine it was very clean. We never had any problems during our 4 day stay. The breakfast area is small but we didn't have to wait for a table because we were always downstairs by 7.30am. The hotel staff were pleasant. The only bad experience we had was the conceiage iwe asked her if she could phone to reconfirm our transfer to the airport she was uninterested and clueless! It took her 15 minutes to understand that we already had a transfer booked but we had to confirm the departure time. It's probably because she wasn't listening to what we were saying. We weren't the only people who had trouble talking to her! We were unlucky that when we needed a conceiage we spoke to this lady. There was a more helpful conceiage on our first two days at the hotel she gave directions to places we wanted to see. The location is great in walking distance to port authority it's practically next door, Times Square is around a 10 minute walk. madison square garden is close by. Empire State Building is a 15 minute walk. We Walked to 5th Ave which took around 20 minutes.If you want to get good bargains you have to go to Woodbury Common you can book tickets from Port Authority Bus Station. Century 21 (opposite ground zero) also had great offers.	
Jan 21 2009 	Small Rooms Even Smaller Service!	This hotel is situated in a decent midtown Manhattan neighborhood. It felt safe and reasonably secure. Times Square is about a 10 minutes or less by walking, and the property is convenient to bus and subway stations, both easily within a 5 minute walk. The hotel is clean and relatively new, and the furnishings are modern - but as many others have stated - the rooms are painfully small. Don't even think about laying out more than 1 suitcase.Staff Observations....The only bright spot in the staff was the manager of engineering. He was very friendly and offered us ways to get the best photographic views of the Empire State Building. Housekeeping service, on the other hand, was poor. After failing to make up my room one night, I called the front desk to make sure it would get done the following day. I was talked to in a condescending way by an employee at the front desk - not once - but twice! Since I knew housekeeping service was finished for the day and I had to wait until the following day for my room to be cleaned, I asked for an assortment of towels (for showering, shaving, etc.). Apparently, this was a tough order because I received three small towels and not the ones I asked for. Not a big deal, but an annoyance. When I checked out of the hotel, I told the woman at the front desk that I'd had some problems with the stay. You'd think she'd ask what the problems were, right? No! She was very uninterested and her demeanor was quite rude. It was as if I was bothering her. To say the least, I was very disappointed. When I got back home from my stay in Manhattan, I contacted the manager of the property (who wasn't there during my weekend stay) and he was very helpful, but he couldn't take back the poor service I'd received throughout much of my stay. Unfortunately, I can't recommend the Comfort Inn Times Square in New York City. The staff is just too rude and I have a feeling this isn't going to change anytime soon. Perhaps a future reviewer will help this property to demonstrate that it cares about its reputation.	
Jan 11 2009 	Great hotel I recommend	I had a good time with my family at this hotel. My parents decided to visit me in the US and we spent a few days in NYC. The Hotel is very well located in Times Square/Manhattan. Everything in Manhattan is walk distance from the hotel. If you think you are too far to walk, you can find many cabs and subway stations around. The staff are ok, and the breakfast very good. The price is a little expensive but you pay for what you get. Rooms are not that big but very clean, and comfortable, with nice decoration. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there another time.	
Jan 1 2009 	Times Square's Little Secret!	This hotel is brand, spanking new which is rare to find in mid town Manhattan. The rooms are small but well equipped and comfortable. We had a double room which was beautifully decorated in a mod style with a wall unit, closet, drawers LCD TV and marble and tile bath. It was luxury in miniature. There are less than 80 rooms in this little slice of a high rise. The hotel staff is so helpful complete with concierge service and continental breakfast with hot waffles and a staff member who even makes them for you! If they cannotg get you into your room for early check-in, they are happy to hold your bags for you while you enjoy the city. The sheets were crisp and clean, pillows plump. I have stayed at many Manhattan hotels that are old and falling down with no room to walk around the bed - not so at this Comfort Inn. We felt safe and secure. If you are going to NY look no further. Great location. Close to Penn Station, Subway and Times Square and Broadway.	
Dec 22 2008	Very convenient and clean	Yes, small rooms but who cares! We needed a room to sleep and shower. It was wonderful having a continental breakfast so that we could go down and wait while the others got ready. This hotel is walking distance from the Empire State Building, Times Square, Bryant Park, etc. Would recommend this and would plan to stay here again.	
Dec 16 2008 	Be prepared	Just returned from our trip to New York. Though we would return we would never stay at this hotel again. The rooms were good value for money, clean and comfortable. Within the room there was large TV, coffee and tea making facilities, good lighting and a very clean bath room. Towls were changed every day along with shampoo soap ect. The breakfast was an added extra and free. However the reception staff were unintrested in anything. The concierge ( 2 of them) didnt seem to have any knowledge of the area or the attractions available. She had plenty of trips that you could book, but if you wanted to get anywhere by your own steam she didnt have a clue how to get there. Nor how you could find out. At on point I asked her could she look it up on the laptop in front of her to get the required info. As I say the hotel was good value but dont expect anyone to give you the thumbs up on anything I can assure you will be on your own. So do your homework at home dont bother asking for any assistance cos you will get none. Had they taken 5 minutes to give us directions it would have made a hugh difference. We went to the New Yorker up 8th to get basic info on standard info. Though as I say the hotel was value, the service within was nil. There was a helpful gentleman on reception who gave us some info after we had asked and been blanked by the Conierge. Prior to travelling we had pre booked and paid for a private car to collect us from the airport. It didnt turn up so we called the number the number on the reciept. Didnt exsist, so we called the hotel to see if they could help. I was told very curtly that it was nothing to do with the hotel. When we got to the hotel I spoke to them about the car and the company in New York who we had booked with. There respnse was take it up when you get back to England didnt even look or try to look it up for us on the internet. So as I say expect nothing and that way you will not be dissappointed in the lack of service.	
Nov 27 2008 	Nice hotel - convenient to Times Square and Subway	I stayed at the Comfort Inn on 39th Street November 23-26, 2008. The room was very clean and the bathroom was one of the best I have seen in NYC. The staff was very helpful. The breakfast room may be small but I never had a problem finding a table - the young man who made the waffles was extremely helpful - good selection of coffees, juices, teas, pastries, bagels, etc.USA Today was delivered to the room daily as well as 2 bottles of spring water (no charge). There is a safe in the room ($2 per day if used).The elevators were very fast and I never waited more than a minute. There were many eating places in the neighborhood and 9th Ave is only a block away with many different restaurants. I walked to all the theaters I attended - convenient but quiet.Highly recommended (my senior rate was $134.10 per night).	
Nov 13 2008 	Excellent value. Liked it a lot!	I needed a reasonably priced hotel for one night and chose this one after reading the good reviews here. I was not dissapointed! Although quiet small, the room was new and very comfortable. The storage space is minimal but for one person/one night that didn't bother me. For a longer stay this may be an issue. The staff and service were very welcoming and helpful. The breakfast area is small and crowded and you basically need to wait for your chance to great seat, but other than that the 'continental' breakfast is actually quiet rich and overall very good. The area - right next to the Port Authority bus terminal - is a bit shabby but the location is excellent, 2 minutes from the subway station and 10 minutes from the heart of Times Square. I got a very good rate of $188 for a queen room, and this includes the breakfast and free wi-fi internet. Actually when I made my reservation this rate was not available and I booked at a higher rate, but few days later on their own initiative they sent me an ammended reservation with the lower rate ! Overall this hotel is an excellent value and very recommended for a short stay.	
Oct 28 2008 	Good Location Good Price	Something to note here....Size in pictures is VERY deceiving. The professional pictures taken by the hotel (on the hotel's website) were taken from the best possible angles to make this hotel seem much more spacious than it really is! But that is &quot;Marketing&quot; so you can't blame them, but I just want to prepare you. From the moment we stepped out of the cab we looked at that &quot;GRAND-Looking Comfort Inn Sign&quot; at the entrance and just laughed (you will too). The hotel literally looks like a tall skinny Match Stick going straight up into the sky. It is a NEW hotel and with space so limited in NYC it looks like they took a little alley, between two buildings and somehow squeezed this hotel into it. It is funny! The picture of the &quot;breakfast buffet area&quot; is hillarious. It looks so vast in the pictures...but wait til you see it, that is all I can say! The rooms are tiny too, but again it is NYC! Who cares about the room size - get out and see this great city! I don't want you to think I didn't like this hotel.... I LOVED it! Location is Great, the staff is friendly and helpful, the beds are soft and the room was clean and nice! I would stay here again and again. I am now just more prepared on how small everything really is! Bar next door is $10 cover charge and caters to a &quot;certian lifestyle crowd&quot; FYI, in case that is not your thing. One last note. Go out the hotel door and turn right, head a couple blocks down and you are in Hells Kitchen. If you are there on the weekends you may be lucky enough to hit the Hells Kitchen outdoor flea market, lots of great old stuff! Had a great time!!	
Oct 28 2008 	Seriously Comfortable	This was a great place to stay. Reasonably priced (split between 3 people) very clean, very comfortable with little surprises like an i-pod dock and digital alarm clock. Great as that particular weekend in NYC there was a tropical storm and it was good to know that we had a great room to come back to. Check in staff were very helpful and let us check in 2 hours early.Beds were really comfy and the shower was fantastic!	
Oct 23 2008 	Couldn't have been better	This was just what I needed after touring america for four weeks. Yes the room was small but it had everything you needed and the location was just fantastic. The room was like new with a large plasma TV on the wall. I would not hesitate to book to stay here again. Although the road is a bit dark I felt safe walking the short distance to the square. The staff were very helpful aswell with booking transport to the airport and making sure there was enough breakfast out in the morning. Although the breakfast room could do with extending as I had to rush my food to let someone else sit down.	
Oct 7 2008 	Loved this hotel!	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Times Square for a week in mid September. The hotel is in an excellent location, close to Times Square and public transport links - we got the bus from Newark airport to the Port Authority Bus Terminal ($25 return per person) which drops you at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue so we only had to walk few blocks to the hotel on 39th, this is easily do-able even with luggage!The hotel itself is fairly new and is quite modern in style and decor. Even though it is a small hotel there are 2 lifts so we were never waiting long. Check in was fast and our room was ready when we arrived at about 2pm. Our room was on the 13th floor at the front of the hotel and was quite big for NYC. It had two double beds, a desk, small wardrobe, a drawer and flat screen TV. We found plenty of room to store our cases next to the bed. The room and bathroom were very clean on arrival and were cleaned every day during our stay with towels and toiletries replaced as often as required. There is a safe in the room ($2 per day), an iron and ironing board. Our iron wasn't working so we mentioned this to the receptionist as we were going out one morning and by the time we got back, a brand new iron had been provided with a polite note.The staff were friendly, courteous and professional at all times, form the front desk, concierge, maintenance guy and cleaning staff and the breakfast guy. The breakfast is a great bonus and really sets you up for the day. Yes, the room is small and crowded at the weekend but no-one seemed to mind if you took stuff back to your room. Things on offer included bagels, pastries, english muffins, croissants, banana muffins, waffles (made to order), hard boiled eggs, cereals, pop tarts, cream cheese, jams, peanut butter, 3 types of juice and coffee!There is a club next door which seems to be open at the weekend only. We saw people coming and going and smoking outside, but heard no noise up on the 13th floor and really no problem at all. I have always felt safe in new york and this area was no exception.If you are there on a Sunday, walk up 8th Ave towards central park where there is a great street market - weird to see the Avenue without traffic!This is a great hotel hotel in an amazing city, can't wait til next time...	
Sep 12 2008 	Convenience Cleanliness and Friendliness!	We made the reservations online for my birthday and were pleasantly surprised as to how central the hotel actually was. We rented a suite on the 20th (top) floor and were extremely happy with EVERY aspect of our two night stay. The suite was a little small, but still very nice for NYC standards. The hotel is brand new so everything was impeccable. The living room and bedroom both had flat screen tv's, there was plenty of storage space and there was an IPOD docking station on the radio/alarm clock (the only draw back about the room was the lack of space designated for luggage - i.e. luggage rack). The bedding was comfortable and the bathroom was very spacious. The staff (especially EVELYN) was so professional, knowledgeable and friendly and answered any and all questions wihout hesitation. As well, the concierge was always quick to find info and provide brochures, maps, etc., as needed. The hotel even provided a service to hold your luggage after checking out so you could still do stuff in the city without tugging your luggage along (perfect for late train or plane departures). I would DEFINITELY stay at this hotel again!	
Sep 11 2008 	Horrible	Booked this hotel because we were traveling with our dog and they were in a good location and accepted pets for a nominal fee. Late in the evening, while we were in the room, the dog started to bark hysterically and we saw that she was barking at a mouse! The management graciously comped our room, but two weeks after our trip....SCABIES. I would not recommend this hotel until they make some significant changes to their hygiene standards!	
Sep 9 2008 	A Great Break	I have just returned from New York and thanks to the Comfort Inn had a very good break. I am in my mid fifties, female and I was traveling alone, the Hotel is just on West 39th Street (a very quiet street) but just around the corner was 8th Avenue which was really busy and if your walked north you was soon in Times Square. I used public transport to get me to and from JFK and the station was also around the corner on 8th Avenue, the staff here were really helpful. The room was small as some others pointed out but how long are you in there? It was comfy, clean and very pleasant, the bed was very comfortable and you just melted into the pillows, I can't remember ever sleeping so well. During the first night I'd turned off the air conditioning and because of the time difference woke and heard a slight thudding noise which was obviously the club next door, I'm a very light sleeper but this didn't cause me any problems, even though I must add I was on the 12th floor. The room was cleaned every day and bottled water was provided, one day I had gone back early with a headache and put up the do not disturb sign, on this day a note was pushed under the door informing me that if I needed anything to ring reception. The staff at breakfast and reception I found very helpful and I would say the only draw back was the continental breakfast then I'm a big fan of a full English but it certainly saved me time and money. The only other down side was the extra taxes added to the bill it was about $40 extra a day so you will need to take this into account when booking.	
Sep 8 2008 	Good Location and clean	This hotel is in a good location - only a few blocks from Times Square and subways nearby. Is very clean and felt safe there when I was on my own for one night - good selection at breakfast (waffles were good!) but there needs to be more eating space. Rooms are also very small and not much room for 2 people's luggage, however we weren't there much during the day and the bed was really comfy! Only downfall was that my boyfriend had his ipod stolen from the room - fair enough he should have put it in the safe provided but for the money we paid we expected that our stuff would be safe - clearly not! Hotel gave us a free night but other than that were not very helpful. Would stay again but would not leave anything lying around!	
Aug 29 2008 	Good Value	This was a good value hotel that is close to Times Square, the Ferry Terminal, Penn Station, one black from the subway and close to the Bus Depot.The photo's on the hotel website were accurate.The rooms are small, however, this is New York! ! ! but in saying this, the rooms were clean and well decorated and the bed was very comfortable.Point to remember . . . this is not a five star hotel. If you are expecting the Ritz Carlton, go to the Ritz Carlton; if you are expecting the Mandarin, go to the Mandarin - however you will be paying top dollar for it and you will not get complementary breakfast.For those who moaned about the breakfast, yes, it wasnt the buffet at the Wynn or the Belagio in Las Vegas, but it was free. Where else do you get coffee, newspaper and breakfast thrown in for free and receive exceptional service from the kitchen hand (he worked his butt off!!!)Overall, I give this 3 star hotel a thumbs up and would definitely stay here again.The location is FANTASTIC and the service from check in to check out was exceptional!I can not make comment about the noise level from the club next door, we were there on Tuesday night.	
Jul 30 2008 	Awesome Location - Great Beds - Nice Room	We had a wonderful stay at Comfort Inn. The rooms were small, but very adequate and everything was in the right place. Two women on a shopping trip and we had ample space to store all of our goodies. There was a small safe in the room to store all of our personal items. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The room had just been renovated and it was very nicely done. 32&quot; flat panel TV was a huge plus! Would definitely stay again! Breakfast was great and the people were extra nice. Thanks for a great stay in the big apple!	
Jul 28 2008 	OK Hotel for a stay in New York	We stayed at the Comfort Inn for 5 days in May 2008. We choose this hotel based on the location, the user reviews, the included breakfast and the price. The hotel is located very close to Times Square on 8 th avenue. Thus the location is good even though 8th avenue is a little gloomy at night. The Hotel is quite new, and the staff is friendly. All in all we we can recommend this hotel for a quick trip to NY. It is good value for money, but don't expect too much though. One thing you shouldn't choose this hotel for is the breakfast. That was simply a joke! If the breakfast had been better I would have given it 4.	
Jul 22 2008 	Good little modern hotel	The rooms are clean and modern, lovely big comfortable super king bed and 32&quot; LCD TV on wall. Located 1 block from the subway for lines AC &amp; E (literally a 1 minute walk) and also a block from the bus station. Didn't find the room too small at all, it was fine for what we needed.There is a coffee maker and ice bucket, no fridge and a pay safe. Reception will store your luggage securely on your last day.Breakfast was actually quite good - good coffee and they make fresh waffles for you, and if you can catch the breakfast room when its empty then even better, however there are only 14 seats in here and around 60 rooms so when full that could mean 120 people competing for 14 places!! We grabbed coffee/croissants some days and took them up to our room.The club next door is a latino club and is called Escuelita - really nothing to worry about and no noise heard. Had a great view of the New York Times building from our 15th floor room. Great location for Times Square, theatre district and 42nd Street, the hotel itself is in the Garment district, which is full of material shops/wholesalers. If you head up a few blocks to 46th street (between 8th and 9th ave) this street is full of nice restaurants which we didnt find until the last night - should have looked in our guide book sooner -much cheaper and better food than the ones on Broadway or around Times Square.Also Chevy's Fresh Mex Mexican on 42nd Street (between 7th and 8th) was a really good mexican - it looks like a chain restaurant but it was great and the staff were fantastic.Getting to JFK is really easy on the E line towards Jamaica ($2) - its really obvious where to get off and the airtrain ($5) comes every 2 minutes and couldn't be any easier. It takes just over an hour.	
Jul 13 2008 	GREAT value; nice little hotel!!!	This hotel is very narrow...and sure, it's on a side street...but I always felt very safe and close to the hustle and bustle of 8th and the whole Times Square area. We were able to navigate from the hotel to subway stops, and walk to MOMA and Radio City...not too bad of a walk and so I felt the location-to-price ratio was very nice! The continental breakfast was often picked over, but you could always get coffee and some poptarts or cereal if you wished. The staff was lovely. I stayed with my 14 year old daughter and some other family members were on a different floor. We never heard any noise from other rooms or from the club. Our view was of the bus terminal, but who cares? The room was fine and the king bed was super comfortable. No bugs, no &quot;issues.&quot; I would stay here again without reserve.	
Jul 12 2008 	Good Hotel Very Conveniently Located	My daughter and I have just returned from an enjoyable stay 9 night at the Comfort Inn, Times Square. We chose the Comfort Inn, Times Square from all the favourable and helpful reviews on Trip Advisor. Although we did have a few minor problems, that did not deter us from enjoying our stay at the hotel.  Here are our good and not so good experiences from our stay at the Comfort Inn.First the good points: The hotel is on the corner of 39th St and 8th Ave. Turn left onto 8th Ave and its less than 10 min walk to Times Square and the Theatre District. Turn right and its about 20-30 min walk down 8th Ave to Macy's on 34th St and 5th Ave. Or across 8th Ave up to 7th Ave. Its 2 blocks from the Port Authority Bus Station and the 40th St Subway, so very convenient for travel downtown to The Village, SoHo, Financial District, World Trade Center Site (Ground Zero) Battery Park for the Staten Island Ferry to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. Also within a 30 min walk down 42nd St to Port 83 for the Circle Line Cruise. There is a bank on the corner with ATM machines, and also a two Duane Reade Pharmacy stores with 2 blocks, one open 24 hours if you need anything. I agree with other reviewers regarding the size of the rooms. I booked a 2 bedded room and I was glad I did as my American cousin and her daughter who was allocated the next room with a king size bed commented on how much smaller their room was to ours, so that is a good tip if you want a larger room and don't mind not having a larger king size bed! The plus points regarding the rooms was the very comfortable beds, which a lot of reviewers have commented on. We slept very well especially as each room is soundproofed which is a bonus and helps your privacy. There is also free WiFi Internet access and the very reason my daughter brought her lap top with her. It was very useful for booking theatre tickets direct instead of standing in line at the ticket booth, and also for checking in with the airline for our return flight back to the UK. The hotel allows you to come behind the reception to use one of the hotels computers to go online and print out your boarding pass. Each hotel room has very large safe ($2 a day but well worth it) that accommodated my daughters lap top, so it was secure and gave us peace of mind. Each room has a flat screen tv which was good with a good variety of stations. We found the staff very friendly and helpful when we had a few problems. You also get provided with bottles of water, as well as tea and coffee facilities. On departure, the staff allowed us to store our luggage in on of the spare lobby bedrooms after we had checked out till we left for the airport later that day. Local calls from your room are free which is useful if you want to make a reservation. There is a very good hairdryer, unusual for hotel dryers, and a full size iron and ironing board in each room as well as plenty of hangers.The not so good points: The hotel is located on a very run down street, next to a night club, but if you ask for a room on a higher floor (the hotel has 20 floors) and at the back, you don't hear any noise at all. We were in room 702 by the way. We didn't have the greatest view, but we could see 8th Ave and The New York Times building. The towels get changed daily, but the toiletries don't get replenished unless you ask for them. The sheets do not get changed at all during your stay, contrary to other reviewers. Nor does the room get tidied, only the beds are made and towels changed daily. The bathroom did not appear to be cleaned daily either, especially the bath. Our toilet got blocked twice during our stay and I had to call the staff up to unblock it. Also the safe could not be programmed on our arrival, and the staff had to reprogramme it so we could re set it with our own 4 digit code. One day I got a note to say that the beds could not be made because we left some personal stuff on it. I complained and one of the housekeeping staff came up and made it and I had to tip her so that our room was not blacklisted during our stay. As we were staying 9 nights, Half way through our stay I had to leave a note with a small tip ($5) asking housekeeping to give the bathroom an extra clean and to leave some toiletries as we needed them and some extra bottles of water. On our return our bathroom was given a good clean and we were left 5 bottles of water and several bottles of shower gel, so it was worth the tip during our stay and not at the end! Also, there is no note on the wall as to how to turn on the bath/shower, because it had an unusal feature, and different from our bath/shower fittings in the UK. I had to ask one of the staff to come up and demonstrate how to turn the shower on. It seems that under the fauset (tap to those of us from the UK) where the water flows, is a ring, and all you do is pull this ring down and the shower comes on. Fiddly at first but you get used to it. Even my American cousin could not operate it (till I from the UK) showed her how!) The wardrobe could be bigger, okay for a 1 person or several people staying a couple of nights, but not for any longer. There is a good drawer, and a couple of deep shelves and a couple of extra small draws. Lighting mediocre. There is a blind but you can't draw the curtains. Room is decorated very modern. Though considering the hotel is less than a year old, there are already signs of wear and tear. In our room (702) the arm on the chair is worn and also there is a crack in the mirror in the bathroom. The breakfast room is on the lower lobby floor and as other reviewers have commented, very small, hot and crowded. You have to get down before 9am to get the widest choice of breakfast food on offer. There are bagels, muffins, rolls, pastries, cereal, milk, cheese portions, preserves, honey, etc as well as a waffle making machine, juice, coffee, and tea and hot water. Also a fruit bowl but none left if you go down late. Also drinks are on offer 24/7 as well as a microwave oven and vending machines as well as an ice dispencer. A lot of people come down and take breakfast back to their rooms.The hotel is small, only 4 rooms to a floor, but its pretty quiet and you don't seem to hear much noise. There is a nightclub next door, but you don't really get disturbed by that and although the area is a bit run down, you do feel safe walking around. I walked around Times Square at midnight one evening with my camera and camcorder and walked back alone and did not feel uneasy or intimidated. Also felt safe everywhere we went during our stay. All in all a very pleasant stay, and the few minor problems we encountered during our stay at the Comfort Inn, Times Square will not deter us from not booking their again. Also, be assured that booking via the hotel chain web site, that your booking is secure. I even got confirmation via email regarding our booking a few days before we arrived. You also get the best rate booking direct too. I even negociated our rate on arrival and got a slight reduction on the higher weekend rate. The rate is fully explained including all the taxes on your reservations confirmation so you know exactly how much you will be paying. Although its a budget hotel, the Comfort Inn, Times Square has all the amenities you need for a stay in New York.	
Jul 10 2008 	Club Comfort Inn	Well Hotel is average, usual wear and tear of a hotel, Room was tiny and was actually damp and musty it was almost 100 degrees outside, Furniture was chipped up blankets stained and YES the club next door it actually felt like the club was in the hotel you could hear the music and feel the vibration of the music Its in a ok location the building next door was condemend and looked like it was going to fall over same with the buildings across the street and actualy night club next doorthe lobby was tiny and also the breakfest area was tiny had to wait in line to get the food not enough places to sit, Is an average hotel hopefully the keep up with the wear and tear of the furniture and also the scrapes and dings on the walls in the room.	
Jul 3 2008 	Worst experience ever - would not recommend!!!!	This was my second time to New York and was indeed spolit by the poor service from the hotel staff. When we arrived we were greeted by the staff and the hotel had been booked and paid for in the UK before arrival. I was told that the room had NOT been reserved for us despite having a receipt to confirm this. Having showed them the receipt they then allocated us with a room. The room itself was small and not ideal for 3 females with suitcases, despite it being a 2x doublebed room. We were tripping over our suitcases throughout the stay! Not ideal! On day 2, after returning from a day out, we return to find we had been locked out of our room. We asked reception about this, who said it was an error and then reprogrammesd our key to let us in, 10 mins later they call to advise we have not paid our room and would have to pay again! I refuse and tell them to liaise with the booking agent as they had already taken payment. They refuse to make the call to the UK to resolve the problem and kept demanding for us to pay in full again! The manager himself was very cocky to say the least and very unhelpful. In the end, he calls the UK after standing there for 30mins demanding he speaks to the booking agent. The booking agent gives him company credit card details to pay for the hotel, but the manager refuses to take the details saying he needs it in writing and it MUST be faxed to him! This annoyed me to say the least as the booking agent was giving him details to make the payment! This ruined our whole evening worrying about whether this issue would be resolved.None of the staff members bothered to tell us the following morning that the whole issue had been resolved! I had to constantly ask and the answer I always got was - I dont know, someone else is dealing with this matter. I will get them to call you. Least to say this matter was between the booking agent and the hotel! We should not have been involved to this extent. Not only did this ruin our holiday, but we never even got an apology for all the hassles this has caused! I would never recommend anyone to stay in this hotel, the customer service is the worst I have ever experienced!!!!!	
Jun 22 2008 	Great hotel and very nice staff	Our family of six booked 2 rooms via the Choice Hotels website and stayed for 4 nights. After reading reviews on TripAdvisor we requested and obtained rooms on the 18th floor. Our beds were comfy and the rooms were a little tight but we only spend time in the rooms sleeping and getting ready for the next day. It was nice and quiet each night. Our kids were ages 8, 10, 20 and 23 with two adults and we all felt comfortable in the hotel. Breakfast was usually on the go, taking it up to our rooms or walking out with it on our way to the subway. The Port Authority subway stop is just a few blocks away - very convenient as the boys made a few trips to Yankee Stadium and the girls went shopping downtown. An easy walk to Times Square from the hotel as well as to see a Broadway show. If we get the opportunity to vist NYC again, we definitely would make this hotel our first choice.	
Jun 15 2008 	Decent but left stranded by the shuttle bus breakdown	we, a family of four from Singapore came to NYC for the first time. Stayed in the hotel from 9 to 12 Jun 2008. Being new ,it was nice and quiet on the 18th floor. Rooms were small. Breakfast included in the rates were ok and the staff in the breakfast room were helpful, but not the front desk who were not very friendly.We suffered a bad traumatic experience which i have to highlight here. We booked through the hotel Concierge and paid $64 ( Receipt J 14359 ) for a shuttle bus ( operated by Apple Commuter Company INC ) for 4 leaving at 5.25pm on 12 Jun to bring us to the JFK airport. Halfway the bus broke down and we were left stranded in the middle of the road. There were another dozen or so pax on the bus.The driver did not bother to help us or give any instructions as to how we could get to the airport.We had to wait for more than 30 mins before a private cab stopped to pick us to the airport. As it was near our departure time, the 30 mins wait was traumatic and very stressful for fear of missing the flight as we cannot afford a delay back home. We had to pay 3 times the normal fare demanded by the cab driver.We had to dash to check in and my wife fell and suffered bruises on the arms and legs herself.I have sent a email to the hotel asking for a refund of the shuttle fare and cab fare and compensation for duress and trauma suffered as a result of the breakdown of the Bus but to date I have received no response.Woo Seiw ChoSingapore	
Jun 15 2008	Great Hotel In The Big Apple	Yes - the hotel room is small, but we 4 adults were very comfortable. There is not a lot of room for luggage, but we managed just fine. All we needed was a place to clean up and get a good night's rest before heading out again. If you are looking to spend a lot of time in your room - you might be disappointed. The hotel is clean and the staff outstanding (especially JoAnn and Willie). As other reviews stated, there are only 4 rooms per floor - amazing use of space! We made little use of the breakfast room - too small and too hot in there - but coffee and juice is available pretty much anytime. Hotel is in a GREAT location - easy walk to just about anyplace and we WALKED a lot. We purchased a &quot;hop on hop off&quot; bus tour and made the most of it! The stops are very convenient and we would recommend using the bus tour &quot;as your taxi&quot; - the buses go most everywhere and your ticket is good for 48 hours!However, back to the hotel - we highly recommend it. Did I say it was clean and the staff amazing? No doubt we would stay there if we ever visit NYC again. We had a fabulous time and a great place to rest after walking all day and half the night.Also, our room wasn't quite ready when we arrived, so JoAnn stored our luggage and gave us a recommendation to eat at Carbone's around the corner on 38th which was excellent. You should visit Carbone's just to say &quot;hi&quot; to Massimo, the resident Italian Mastiff. We enjoyed Carbone's so much that we went back again our last night in NYC and the food was every bit as good as the first time!Also, as to the club next door to the hotel, we never heard the music and the patrons were extremely polite (including the doorman). The men waiting in line to get in were young, handsome, well dressed and polite.None of us every felt unsafe walking to and from our room (even at midnight).	
Jun 8 2008 	Nice Stay in Manhattan	We recently returned from a long weekend in New York City and a stay at the Comfort Inn. The room was small but very comfortable. The king-size bed was amazing, possibly the most comfortable hotel bed that we have ever encountered! The staff was friendly and helpful. The breakfast selection was okay, but the breakfast room was extremely small and stuffy. We found it best to get some breakfast and take it back to our room. The location was a short walk to Times Square, but located on an ugly block of 39th Street. We never felt unsafe walking to the hotel at night, but it looked a little creepy. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Comfort Inn and I would recommend it to others.	
Jun 6 2008 	We were pleased!	this was a great hotel! The staff were excellent and hotel was very clean. The breakfast was super, it had everything but eggs and toast. I loved it! Location was good....we walked everywhere and never used public transport to see anything. There were decent restaurants nearby to grab a bite to eat. The bed was the best!! It was extremly comfortable. I would definitly recommend to my friends.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great Stay!	This was our third trip to NYC. This was actually the nicest place we have stayed for the least amount of money. The Hotel is small. 20 floors with only 4 rooms on each floor. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was small but clean. Very comfortable bed, free internet access and flat screen TV. The breakfast is great for a continental. Had waffle makers for fresh waffles, yogurt, fruit, cereals, muffins etc.. The staff kept everything stocked. The only negative thing I would have to say is the breakfast room is small, so it was very crowded every morning, but that has been the case at several comfort Inns I have stayed at. The Hotel is pretty centrally located. Easy to get to from the Lincoln tunnel, close to the subway. You are right in the middle of the garment district.	
May 27 2008 	Awesome hotel!	I stayed here for 4 nights with my Mom and it was great! The rooms, while small like pretty much all average rooms in New York, it was VERY nice and clean. It's a brand new hotel so things are perfect! Evelyn and Willie were fabulous with helping us with anything we needed and always had a smile on their faces and were happy to help us.While it technically isn't in Times Square, it's only a few blocks from south of 42nd Street and since you walk everywhere in NY it's not that big of a deal. Also you are only a few blocks north Macy's. So in a sense you are sort of in the middle of everything., but the blocks do add up. Port Authority is one block north. It definitely served it's purpose for us.There is a continental breakfast everyday which includes pastries, cereal, waffles fruit, yogurt and various juices. There is also vending machines located on the bottom level. We went to breakfast around 9 every morning and there was still a decent amount of items left for us to choose from. Our stay was great and I would DEFINITELY stay there again!	
May 23 2008	Disappointed in Location	The hotel staff was extremely helpful and friendly; they worked very hard to make our stay enjoyable. The rooms were clean, new,and nicely decorated. But, the hotel was not really close to Times Square; it actually is located in the Garment District. There is an unnamed club with no sign (located right next door) that is very shady, &amp; our group of 5 did not feel safe walking outside the hotel at night (and sometimes during the day). We did feel safe inside the hotel but were disappointed in the location.	
May 20 2008 	Excellent Small Hotel with Friendly Staff	It seems like many all -female vacations were had this weekend (based on the last two reviews I just read). The staff was very friendly and always smiling. The rooms were clean. We were on the 6th floor and although we heard sounds from the night club next door, the sounds were generally muffled and not a problem. The breakfast area and food wasn't too bad considering it was free - however, it's a small room and was very busy on Saturday morning (but not on Sunday). The location is great - near the NY Times building (which is very nice inside). We walked many times the distance of Central Park from there. There is a pret-a-porter restaurant (boxed sandwiches, salads, coffee, fresh (delicious) croissants, etc. two blocks up from 39th on 6th street that I'd also recommend for breakfast/lunch. For the price (using AAA rate), this is an excellent little hotel in a great location.	
May 19 2008	perfect base wonderful staff!	After trawling through hundreds of hotels on expedia desperately trying to find one that was reasonable, clean and without cockroaches i stumbled across this little gem.. the photos were limited but the reviews were great, so i too the plunge, 5 girls 2 in 1 double room 3 in the other for a 30th birthday.. mine.. sadly!We were collected from JFK by grey line limo, which was $90 plus tolls which was lovely and believe it or not as cheap as 2 yellow cabs as there were 5 of us, howeve it does take a while to get in to Manhattan, or anywhere by road, about 2 hours later we arrived at the hotel, a little jaded and growling at eachother!We were greeted by Willie, who is just a little glowing bolt of happiness, you cant help but smile when you see him, he informed us that the check in time wasnt till 3pm (it was now about 1230hrs) but he would see what he could do, within 15 minutes we had our 2 rooms.I shared with one other girl in a double room, room 504, which was lovely, a clean modern room well furnished with 2 double beds a wardrobe and some draws, desk 2 phones a huge flatscreen TV, and neat and spotless bathroom, the relief!The room wasn't massive, but i have stayed in smaller Hilton rooms in the UK, and we were more than comfortable, the only suggestion would be a little more closet or drawer space (to make room for the shopping) but we managed perfectly well for almost a week.The rooms were cleaned daily, towels replenished and beds turned down, just leave a little note for the cleaning staff with any requests before you venture out in the morning and it will magically appear upon your return, we left a $3 tip daily for the cleaning staff which is standard practice.Willy and the day staff were fantastic, and bent over backwards to help us with any query, and were always laughing and jolly, they will also keep you luggage safe for you after check out so you can spend your last minutes luggage free and it is all free of charge.A handy tip or two, Starbucks is just accross the road, v important! there is a little cafe called hot and crusty which is right next door to starbucks who do some ace cakes and stay open until stupid o clock, in fact i dont know whether they close, which is great for a bite or a coffee if you venture out to play in Greenwich village on a saturday night!Times square is a couple of blocks away (keep the hotel on your left keep walking until you see the giant button and turn left about 5 mins walk)Getting back to the airport.. bargain and very quick and easy, jump on the subway, its really safe and friendly, and will cost you $2 a trip anywhere (handy to know when your feet start to hurt!) To JFK from 42nd st subway (1 block up from the hotel) get the E train (train with an E on the front) uptown to jamaica which takes about 40 mins and then pick up the airtrain($5 standard charge) which takes you right to JFK all terminals, bargain, and a damn site quicker than a cab!i could go on for days as there is so much to do but all i would say is dont be afraid to explore, get yourself on the subway (we were on it at 4am and noone bothered us) and explore..oh and if you are a foodie, and fancy a special night out try The MAZE at the LONDON, its amazing food and lovely atmosphere!	
May 16 2008 	Great for a girls' trip	This was my first visit to this hotel. I found the hotel on Quikbook and called hotel directly to reserve my room; great rate and the fact that it's brand new are what made my decision to go with the place. I visited with my mom and her 2 sisters. All 4 of us fit comfortably in our dbl/dbl room (rm 404). The shower was great (nice water pressure and very hot each time) and the decor was modern and clean. We did not make use of the breakfast room though we did visit it for ice/vending machine. No problems with check-in and check-out and I love the non-smoking policy. I'd recommend this hotel and stay here again.	
May 16 2008 	Best Hotel Ever!	On April 28,2008 we took our daughter to NYC for her 18th birthday. I booked this hotel from the comments I found here from other guests. Let me tell you it exceeded our expectations!!! This hotel was the most inexpensive one in all of NYC. It was only 6 months old and was very small. But we thought it was extremely clean and very comfortable. The hotel staff was the friendliest I have ever encountered. We arrived at our hotel early (before 3:00 check-in) and our room was ready and waiting. It had a great view from the 17th floor. Every morning they have a great breakfast service including homemade waffles to get you in and out quickly. The rooms are spotless and they change the sheets daily. A lot of hotels do not do this if your staying more than one night. When it was time to leave our plane was not leaving until evening. They gave us a later check-out time and then they take your luggage, give you a luggage claim check and secure it in a locked area so you can continue to see NYC. They also called us a car service instead of taking a cab to the airport which picked us up at the hotel and arrived (during rush hour) in 30 minutes. It was $20.00 cheaper than a cab. And spotlessly clean. This hotel has only 4 rooms per floor. And is 20 floors high but it is only 2 blocks walking distance to Times Square and 4 blocks to the Theatre District. They are very short blocks. We would recommend if you are going to NYC PLEASE PLEASE STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!! You will be pleasantly surprised! Because this is such a good hotel it not only made our trip easy but I know where we will be staying next time!!!	
May 4 2008 	Nice hotel close to Times Square	A friend and I just stayed at this hotel for the last week. OK, first off the rooms are small, but all rooms in NYC are small. Anyway, if you are going to NYC to spend time in the room, you've picked the wrong vacation spot. NYC is to be experienced and rooms are only for sleeping and showering. The hotel appears to have been recently built so everything is like new. Bedding and bathrooms were cleaned top notch every day we were there.Staff was very helpful and answered a whole bunch of questions for us.The location was pretty good, it's not step out the front door, in the middle of Times Square, but it is only a three minute walk to 42nd Street. Late night snacks were not a problem, Grays Papaya and White Castle were right around the corner and a Starbucks was at the corner.Only problems I saw was to make sure your room was not on the first floor. There are two rooms on that floor which shares a hallway with the common snack machine/morning breakfast area. In the morning there was a usual smokey haze in the dining area from the waffle maker. On the upside, the staff was on you like a used car salesman asking you what you wanted for breakfast and offering to make you a waffle ASAP.Would stay here again and would recommend to friend, just not the first floor like I said.	
May 4 2008 	Clean tidy spectacularly located	At just above $210 per night for a double, Comfort Inn Times Square was a wonderful choice: a very tastefully decorated (albeit small), clean room with a very spacious and brand new bathroom. The room was also very good value, considering this is NYC and its ridiculously convenient location: next to the 40th St. entrance of the Times Sq. / 42 St. subway station and one block away from the Port Authority bus station, just off Eigth Av.Having requested a quiet room, I was pleased to find out that my request was honored: not only was soundproofing effective (I could only tell the room next door was occupied by the slamming of the door), that windows blocked out all street noise and that my room was located on the 18th floor, away from stairs and elevators. Free WiFi and an in-room safe (at a charge) came in very handy, too.The staff were helpful and pleasant, most of them outright friendly, actually.The room acted as a real comfort zone for my 12 nights in the city on business, so I would certainly stay there again.	
May 2 2008 	Stay up high if you want to sleep	This hotel is new, clean, and the staff is friendly. It's very small (4 rooms per floor).However, I was put on the 2nd floor and I had such a bad time I signed up for Travel Advisor (finally!) to rate this hotel. There is a club next door that pounds the base until 3-4 am nightly (only 3 am on some weeknights). I know it's NY, but this is ridiculous for $350/night. Unless of course you don't plan to sleep.So, if you stay here, I'd plan on staying up high.	
Apr 25 2008 	Great Location Great Price	It was our first time visiting NYC and we booked this hotel based on the reviews. Everything we read was true. Great hotel... small but very clean and new. The location was amazing.... 3 minute walk to Times Square, less than 10 minutes to great shopping and within a short bus ride of Central Park. Even though it was close to everything the hotel was very quiet - only 4 rooms per floor! The only issue we had was that our in room phone was broken and despite 3 requests for it to be fixed, it never was. The continental breakfast was good if you got there early... by 9:00 almost everything was gone and there was no offer to replace anything. Fast and friendly service. The bonus was the in-room safe, a must! We would definately stay here again. The place was great and at around $250 a night (including tax), one of the cheapest places!	
Apr 17 2008 	Perfect Hotel In the Right Place	We travel a lot and can say without question that this is the most friendly hotel in which we have stayed. Evelyn and Willy at the front desk were outstanding and never missed an opportunity to smile and say hello. Everyone else we encountered was the same and very helpful.Yes, the rooms are small but they are well equiped and include a bathtub. The furnishings are new as the hotel just opened four months ago. The only complaint we have is the small sized breakfast room but it was not a major problem. The breakfast is very complete. The internet rate is reasonable for New York Midtown but one has to recognize that New York accommodations are not cheap.The hotel is located just off Eighth Ave on 39th Street one block from the Port Authority Bus Terminal. This was very convient for our bus trip to Newark Airport. The location is also very convient to walk to everything in Midtown Manhatten and even Central Park with a nice walk. There are lots of restaurants nearby, especially on 9th street. The theatre district is only several blocks away as is Times Square.We can not say enough about how pleased we were with our stay here. If you decide to stay there tell Evelyn hello from Joe and Linda from California. We wanted to take her home with us.	
Apr 14 2008	I'd stay here again!	ALL of the hotel employees are so friendly here that you feel like you're at home! Everybody was so nice and helpful about everything: room arrangements to dinner reservations to holding our luggage while we went out. This was only my second overnight stay in NYC and a first for my mother, and we're from a small town, but we both felt completely safe. Yes, the room is not your average-sized hotel room, but that's to be expected in NYC. Everything is new and clean, and has been well taken care of. The breakfast room is small (go at a less busy time!), but that's also to be expected when you're getting a free breakfast (which was good: bagels, muffins, cereal, fruit, homemade waffles, etc.). The location was also great, especially for those seeing a Broadway show/Times Square area, and within walking distance from Penn Station (even with luggage!). I'd definitely stay here again!	
Apr 12 2008	Friendly Staff Great Location Very Small	The Comfort Inn Times Square was perfect for our budget-conscious family. Built on a postage stamp, just four small rooms on each floor. Two Queen beds for mom, dad and two teens. Very clean. Great location, just 3 short blocks from action on 42nd street, 5 blocks from Times Sq., one block to subway. $40/day to park a block away in secure garage. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Only downer was breakfast area. Only handful of tables in cramped room. Waffles, bagels, pop tarts, cereal, oatmeal, juice. Less than $600 for three nights and that included tax. We'd return in a second!!!	
Apr 7 2008 	Small Rooms Overpriced	For almost $300 a night we thought this hotel was highly overpriced. The hotel is very small and the rooms are tiny. The continental breakfast room is in the basement and overcrowded. The shower in our room was broken and we had to stand in a foot of water while showering. Overall not a horrible experience but not worth what we paid.	
Mar 7 2008 	Just the job for a sightseeing trip	My daughter and I have just returned from a 5 day stay in Comfort Inn Times Square. We took a yellow cab from JFK, taking care to get it from the rank outside, as touts are in the terminal, where you will get a flat rate quote of $45.00 (plus tolls and optional tip) to Manhattan. I would advise this option for first timers, unless you are familiar with NYC, as our cab driver was unaware of the hotel, he did of course know of the street. On arrival the receptionist was helpful and efficient with checking us in. Our room was excellent, #1104, everything was just like new. We had two double beds, which were the most comfortable beds and very comfy pillows, excellent. The bathroom looked like new, especially the shower curtain, a bit of a let down in some hotels, but not this one. All the usual complementary toiletries, plus more on request. Towels and sheets changed daily. A safe. Flat screen TV. Internet access. Coffee making facilities, a must when waiting for a daughter to get up some mornings. Breakfast is a continental buffet, with enough choice for everyone. No one should start the day hungry here. This hotel is perfectly situated, just close enough but not so near that there is lots of noise, from Times Square, easily accessible to most places, an ideal hotel for a sightseeing trip to NYC. Some might say the rooms are small, I have stayed in much smaller ones in Europe. On our stay we bought a Grey Line, Classic New York bus ticket. This gives you rides on Red Double Decker busses including a ticket for the Ferry to Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island or 1 hour Cruise. Ticket to the Empire State Building Observatory. Ticket to the south Street Seaport Museum. It was also a hop on hop off ticket over 72 hours doing round trips: Downtown Loop, Uptown Loop, Brooklyn Loop and Night Tour. All for $80.00. We used this to within an inch of its life. First day was so clear and sunny, and VERY cold, we though we would start at the Empire State Building, not quite knowing what the weather for the rest of our trip would be. The views from the top were magnificent, if a bit chilly. We then went on the bus down through Greenwich Village, Soho, Little Italy, Chinatown, and past Ground Zero, getting off the bus at Pier 17, where after lunch, we took the Water Taxi around the bottom of Manhattan. With great views, and photo opportunities of the Brooklyn Bridge, Manhattan Island, Ellis Island, Statue of Liberty and Island. All with an interesting recording of the history, and facts about what you are seeing. We also had great views of the Queen Mary II as she was docked in the harbour.Back on the bus, which operate approximately every 15  20 minutes and we went through East Village past the United Nations building on got off at the Waldorf Astoria stop for a look around the Rockefeller Center/Radio City Music Hall/Top of the Rock. Back on the bus to Times Square and it give you a pretty good idea of what is on offer on the Downtown Loop. From there you can decide what else you want to see and do. The next day we went back to Ground Zero taking time to visit the church right by the site, which still has lots of information and artefacts relating to the tragedy which took place on September 11th 2001. I wont go into what the actual site felt like, thats for you to feel, if you venture that way. From there we walked around the Financial district, Wall Street, and back to Pier 17 where we picked up the bus again. This is the wonderful thing about these tickets, you can just hop on and off where you like, and each time you get a different tour guide with a different angle on things. Naturally in a city like New York with its high buildings, the best views are on the top deck of the bus, if you get a fully enclosed one (in February/March) you are lucky, as some of them operating even at this time of year, are the fully open ones. Too cold for most people. In the afternoon we took the bus on the Uptown Loop. Unfortunately we had an open top bus so we all sat downstairs. Not too much problem as there are less really tall buildings on this trip. Pretty interesting though. Not so many familiar landmarks, but another side of the Big Apple with all its mansions, museums, University, Harlem, and going right round Central Park. The stories you get from some of the tour guides are most interesting and statistics are awesome, if only you could remember them all.The next couple of days were spent hopping on and off the bus at places we wanted to visit. A few other must sees Grand Central Station, Flatiron Building, Woolworth Building, Macys, the list just goes on and on. For someone on a short stay who wants to see the sights with all the local information. I think these are a must. We slept really well each night, a combination of very comfortable bed/rooms and exhaustion from the days tours, both on the bus and on foot. By the way, a comfortable pair of shoes is a big must. And if you go in February/March, extremely warm clothes hat and scarf. No one knows you there so what the heck, does it really matter what you look like! Comfort Inn Times Square NYC is just the job for sightseeing, in my opinion.We took the Subway from The Port Authority stop to JFK taking about an hour, and wait for it! Costing just $2.00 each. And all public transport, bridge and tunnel tolls went up that weekend!	
Feb 27 2008 	Great Property	I was a little hesitant to stay at a Comfort Inn since I usually stay at higher end properties and was pleasantly surprised. Our room was good size for NY standards and a perfect location. This is a brand new property with modern furnishings and flat screen TV's and very pleasant staff. We were able to get a late check out which was nice. The view from our room was great (14th floor), looking out at the New York Times building. I highly recommend this property and will stay there again next time I'm NY bound.	
Feb 27 2008 	It's a Keeper!	Brand new, very clean, with a superb hospitable staff! This hotel is a a hidden jewel in Manhattan. The staff takes great pride in their property. Small rooms?...to a point, but there are properties whose rooms are MUCH smaller. We were very comfortable with two adults and our two children (17 and 20).Reception problems with some of the tv channels is our only negative remark. A very nice continental breakfast. Fast elevators! And the room rate alone will make you want to return for another visit. And who wouldn't want to visit when the staff treats each guest as family! It's nice having such a pleasant hotel to rest in at the end of the day. We'll see you next time!	
Feb 26 2008 	Incredible value close to Times Square - Nice Comfort Inn	We went to NYC for a weekend getaway in November and stayed at this hotel for two nights. This was a great find! As noted in other reviews, the room was small, however for the small amount of time you spend in your room, it was fine. (We weren't in New York for the week-end to hang out in our hotel room!) Not luxurious, but furnishings were nice, the room was clean and the bathroom spotless and functional.Go elsewhere for breakfast... our experience with the breakfast room on our first morning was an overcrowded room in the basement... I couldn't find a bowl so ate cereal out of a coffee cup. And the coffee was cold. However there are a number of coffee shops within a five minute walk of the hotel. The staff were friendly and very helpful. I've already recommended this hotel to several friends.	
Feb 24 2008 	Great stay at Comfort Inn	I would definitely recommend the Comfort Inn on 39th - It is across from the Port Authority, a couple of blocks from Time Square - very convenient. Hotel is new, a little odd looking - 20 floors tall but only 4 rooms on each floor, not the prettiest street - but fine/safe, room was clean, comfortable beds, free breakfast (even homemade waffles), friendly staff and an excellent price for NYC ($159). I stayed here two nights with my daughter and her friend (both 14) and we had a great time. The rooms are small - but sufficient. We had a good view from our room. While this is not a fancy hotel by any means - it was a perfect &quot;home base&quot; and a nice place to sleep. We will stay there again.Some recommendations: Go see Wicked - it was excellent. Do the &quot;Top of the Rock&quot; (view from 67th floor/Rockefeller Center) instead of the Empire State Building - no line and actually a nicer view. Restaurants: Norma's (at the Parker Meridian Hotel) for breakfast - yum, Mont Blanc (midtown) for fondue (very nice little place w/great martini's and a neat little store next door) and Junior's (best reuben sandwiches ever). Shops: Pearl River Mart (asian candies, snacks, knick knacks, clothing - very cheap and lots of fun) and Yellow Rat Bastard (terrible name but a great t-shirt/jeans store - a definite for teenagers) - both in SoHo.	
Feb 11 2008 	Good Basic Value Off Times Square	Stayed at the hotel on a business trip, not much more than a place to sleep, but that is not bad. NYC hotels have gotten rediculously expensive and this hotel gives a solid budget option to the area. Hotel is pretty new and that lets the small but clean room seem ok. Nothing luxury about the place, but a better flat-screen TV than most hotels have installed. They cover all the basics, but nothing more.Location is a couple blocks from Times Square and it is an easy short walk to tons of restaurants and theaters.Not a destination hotel by any means, but if you just want a place to sleep, this is a solid choice at a third or half the price of most hotels in the city.	
Feb 10 2008 	Hidden Gem at a Great Price	I chose to stay at the 39th St/8th Ave Comfort Inn based on positive reviews I read here and I'm glad I did. When I travel for business, I like clean, modern hotels with free high speed internet, comfortable, high quality bedding and some sort of breakfast. I found al of these at the Comfort Inn.I managed to get a great rate of under $150 on the hotel's website. The hotel room decor is very modern and comparable to several of the boutique hotels I have stayed in during previous visits to NYC - flat panel TV and modern espresso furnishings, free wireless internet - for a significantly better price and a lot less attitude. The only problem I found with the room was the bathroom door which never wanted to stay open so it was always colder in there than the rest of the room. The rooms are small, but that's typical in NYC so don't be surprised by that. The continental breakfast is standard fare - nothing extraordinary but enough to get you off &amp; running - bagels, waffles, cereal, juice, coffee. There's a Starbucks on the corner if you want an espresso drink and pastries.The hotel can be difficult to find as the entrance area is small and the building is narrow - 20 floors with 3 to 4 rooms per floor. Due to the small number of rooms on each floor, the elevator is just outside the door so if your neighbors are chatting in the hallways, you'll hear them. I was on the 19th floor so I didn't hear the traffic on the streets. The view north is fairly unobstructed so you can get decent views of the theater district. All of the staff members I met were very friendly, especially the breakfast staff and front desk. If you're looking for a great location with nice amenities, esp. for a business trip, I would definitely recommend staying here.	
Feb 3 2008 	Great place!	I decided to stay at this hotel after reading the reviews on this website and I was not disappointed at all!!! First of all, everything is still so new that cleanliness is not a problem, the beds and bedding are great and so comfortable. The room itself was decent sized for NYC and I was happy with the bathroom since it was also decent sized for a budget type NYC hotel, in that it was bigger than a closet and you could easily move around in it without feeling cramped.The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, check-in and check-out were quick and easy. I stayed on a weeknight and booked with the hotel website directly for the AAA rate, which was about $160 with all the taxes included, I found that to be a great value for what was included and compared to other area hotels that I have stayed at in the past.I did not get a chance to sample the free breakfast but it was nice to have the option. The only downside is that the hotel does not have parking, but there is a reasonably priced parking garage direcltly across the street, which was very convenient. Also, the hotel is only a few blocks from Times Square and much of the Theatre District, so it is very centrally located with many things in walking distance. I would definitely stay here again and look forward to doing so my next time in NYC.	
Jan 29 2008 	Still love the Comfort Inn--just not the disco	I reviewed this hotel after a weeknight stay in Nov. I stayed there again this past weekend and while I was still very pleased with the hotel overall, the noise from the weekend disco next door was a problem. I was on the 4th floor (double room-very nice) and could barely hear the beat of the music Sat night. It was the people noise outside at 4am that was really loud. There was yelling, laughing,etc. The next morning when we left the hotel there was TONS of trash (food wrappers, cigarette butts,etc) on the sidewalk outside of the club. There is no name on the disco--just a metal garage door--surely they have to violating some sort of noise or trash code. Hotel management should be calling the police when things get really loud.I would definitely still stay here again but would ask for a room facing the back of the hotel if it was a weekend.	
Jan 16 2008 	Best Value in Times Square	I have to say I was hesitant to cancel my reservations being held at another hotel to move them to Comfort Inn in Times Square, but SO happy I did. We arrived at 9:30am since our flight arrived early and the staff was more then happy to take our bags so we could begin seeing NYC. I was asked if we had eaten yet and told to feel free to enjoy the breakfast that was still being served if we hadn't eaten. The staff was so cordial and made you feel like you had been there a dozen times before. The room was so clean, crisp, and stocked with a coffee pot, desk, safe, etc. The location was perfect, right around the corner from the subway. Sure the hotel is small and narrow as some reviews stated, 20 floors high, but for the $$, brand new, get a breakfast and priced at $139 how can you go wrong to be so close to Times Square? The pictures that are posted is exactly how we found our room.The only drawback as mentioned is on the 1st few floors you will hear the night club next door late at night. It is only the beat you hear, not voices, laughter,etc. I do not know if this occurs every night, but it did on Saturday. We were so tired it did not bother us, but a light sleeper it could. I will not hesitate to book at this hotel again when I return this Spring.	
Jan 14 2008 	The best in NYC	I cant say enough great things about the Comfort Inn at Times Square. Wonderful location, friendly and professional staff, and a clean and modern room with plenty of space.We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite with a view of the Empire State building. When we checked in (early), the staff was beyond accomodating, which I haven't ever experienced before in New York. Ive stayed a lot of places in NY where the staff is snooty, rude, and do only what they have to to get by. Not here. Our trip was from Dec 31-Jan2. Our great New Years Eve experience in NYC had a lot to do with having such a great hotel. It was close to everything including an awesome pizzeria right around the corner. The rooms were clean, spacious, and modern.	
Jan 7 2008 	Extremely satisfied	We booked 2 rooms for our family: 1 with 2 double beds, 1 with king bed. Note: there are only 4 rooms per floor. The double rooms are larger than the king rooms. We were extremely satisfied with the rooms, the hotel staff, the location. It was very cold in New York. The heat worked well in the rooms, but the hallways are not heated and were quite cold. The hotel is new. Everything is in mint condition. The beds and pillows were the most comfortable we have ever had in any hotel. Would definately stay there again.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great Value Good Location	Got a room for less than $190 the Saturday before New Year Eve in NYC, great value! The room was small but comfortable and clean. I would highly recommand it if you are just looking for a place to crash in the city at an excellent location.The hotel will tell you to park across in a 24 hour lot that equires some walking but you can get park t a none 24 hour parking right across the street for the same price if their hours meet your needs.Two small downsides... 1. The bath shower curtain was insufficent to keep the water out so we turned our bathroom into a swimming pool, but the a towel and some wiping later took cared of that problem. 2. Try to asked for a room on the higher floors, I can hear the night club next door from my 2nd floor room, but management gave me a small discount the next day to compensate for my troubles withouth any hassel... Thanks!I would stay there again.	
Jan 1 2008 	little gem in times square	This hotel beats many of the higher priced boutique hotels in NYC. The room was small, the bathroom was decent-sized. Decor was stylish, tiled bathroom, LCD TV and wireless internet.. This hotel did not have valet parking. We stayed new years eve and the staff was polite and helpful.	
Dec 29 2007	Perfect for Us		
Dec 21 2007 	Great hotel		
Dec 19 2007 	Had a great stay!		
Dec 19 2007 	Made stay with my mother-in-law a great one!		
Dec 16 2007 	305 w 39th street		
Dec 3 2007 	great place wonderful service!		
Nov 19 2007	Great Location!		
Nov 19 2007 	great hotel		
Nov 19 2007	Great!		
Oct 25 2009 	Super vraiment bien  conseiller!!		
Oct 7 2009 	idal		
Oct 5 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualit prezzo		
Aug 25 2009 	Trs mal gr et mal entretenu...		
Aug 4 2009 	Ottima posizione albergo nuovo qualche dubbio sulla pulizia:-)		
Aug 1 2009 	Geniales Preis-/ Leistunsgverhltnis und so zentral		
Jul 17 2009 	ottima posizione		
Jun 1 2009 	Italiani non proprio soddisfatti!		
Apr 29 2009 	Bien situ mais mal tenu		
Apr 24 2009 	Excellent rapport qualit/prix		
Apr 19 2009 	Excellent rapport qualit/prix		
Apr 12 2008 	TRS bien situ j'y retourne!!!		
