	Best hotel for value in NYC	My mom and I recently stayed at the Ramada Eastside for Thanksgiving to enjoy the Macy's parade. The hotel is in a good location and we could walk to everything. Continental breakfast is included in room price, which is nice. Our room was compact but very clean. We had a coffee maker (which is rare in NYC), flat screen tv, comfortable queen bed, and for the price and location, we would definitely stay here again. If you want a cozy, nice, quiet, clean, safe, convenient, and reasonably priced hotel in Manhattan, the Ramada Eastside is the best value!	
Nov 24 2009 	Great hotel	my husband and i stayed there for a 2 night stay. Our son is in the hospital and it is a very short walk to the hospital. The hotel was extremely clean and the room, though small, fit our needs. Staff is very pleasant and helpful. Continental breakfast was what you would expect. We are booked to return this weekend and the following and will continue to use this hotel for as long as we need to keep returning to NY.	
Nov 20 2009 	Cheap but not even close to "good enough".	The room is tiny, but clean. The breakfast is crap. Except for the cleaning lady, and the guy at front desk, the staff is a shame.If you are just looking for the best price, in a really nice location, go for it. But don't expect to be treated like a king.	
Nov 14 2009 	the bed felt like home	I sta;yed there two nights just this past week and I have to say that the bed was very comfortable, its a tempurpedic (which is what I have at home) and I slept in so late on the day I was leaving I missed doing more sightseeing. The staff was wonderful, rooms very clean, the breakfast was good and I believe her name is Rita that works in the breakfast room is wonderful. Very good value! If I ever go back to NY I will definately stay there again. Just a note you can buy your tour tickets there also and save yourself a trip downtown. They will also arrange for transportation to and from airport.	
Oct 19 2009 	Inexpensive but unremarkable	The location is good and the price is one of the cheapest in NYC, but the rooms are small and unremarkable, need rennovating and the service is sub-par. I've stayed at this hotel on three different occasions and have generally been disappointed, but for what hotels go for these days in NYC, it's worth the price. Once the heating in my room didn't work in the middle of winter, the other time my room was right next to the ice maker (bad luck I guess), but I keep coming back because where else can you find an affordably priced hotel in NYC, and twice I was generally satisfied by my room. Don't expect a gem (some of these reviews are terribly overrated) but you won't feel totally ripped off either.	
Oct 8 2009 	Best price for a nice hotel in NYC	I was very pleased with the Ramada Eastside in NYC. I was taking a girls weekend trip to get away from the busy DC work life and was very happy to find a moderately priced hotel in NYC. It was exactly what we needed. You just can't find a nice hotel for under $200 in NYC. It's just unheard of, unless you are looking to stay in a hostel which we were not. We were so pleased with the service as well. The concierge was very helpful and even held our bags for us in a secured room before it was time for our check in. We couldn't lug our luggage around NYC so that was very convenient. The only thing I would change would be upgrading the bathrooms. There is just so much space to utilize! I'm sure it's in the works, and they were perfectly functional but it would just make the rooms that much better.All in all this place is definitely a find. I'm almost hesitant on posting it because I don't want the secret out about this place. I'll definitely be staying here again the next time I'm in the city. It's just too perfect budget wise, location wise, and service wise.	
Oct 5 2009 	Fine experience	Room and bathroom were spotlessly clean, evidently newly decorated. Room was small, but it had two chairs, two bedside tables, LED reading lamps (besides the regular bedside lights), a desk, and three drawer bureau, flat screen TV. Staff was helpful. Housekeeping excellent. There is a complimentary breakfast, the usual toast, bagels, cereal...but there was also yogurt and fruit. We would certainly return. Ten minutes walk to 28th St. Lexington Avenue subway stop, which is not at all bad. We did not have a car, but we noticed that they were offering a reduced rate parking fee of about $20 for 24 hours, which is fantastic for midtown Manhattan.	
Oct 4 2009 	If you like curry this is the place for you; if not stay soemwhere else	I did not realize that Murrray Hill was Little India. Everything in this hotel, including the bedclothes, reaks of curry. I am very sensitive to odours and had to check out after 1 night of a 4 day stay. The room, otherwise was 'clean'. There is a window in the bathroom door and a window in the bathroom. This combination, although covered with a thin plastic film, allows too much light into the room, don't expect to sleep past first light of day, but at least you won't need an alarm clock. Great location 2 blocks from subway and walking distance to shopping dsitrict, but you have to be able to tolerate the above. I thought I was getting value for money, but once again, you get what you pay for!	
Sep 26 2009 	Good hotel	We stayed for three nights during September. Room was a nice size (king size bed) and was modern.Large tv ,good quality furniture and good shower. Two lifts for the 12 floors.Complimentary breakfast was excellent,( toast,juice,coffee,boiled eggs,waffles,pancakes,cereal,fruit and more).Secure luggage room if required.Not in an attractive area but most of New York hotels are no different. 10 minute walk to Empire State Building.Times Square about a 30-40 min walk.Large selection of restaurants / shops nearby. Subway station 5 min walk. Safe in room (free).	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location and a very good value	My wife and I stayed at the Ramada Eastside for one night recently and were pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and recently remodeled rooms available at a moderate price. Be advised that single bed rooms are SMALL but efficient. Double bed rooms are quite a bit larger, even spacious. The free breakfast was great and plentiful, with items constantly being replenished. The front desk help was pleasant and helpful. This hotel is conveniently located near Murray Hill, Herald Square, the Empire State Building etc. AAA discount is available but make sure you bring your card.	
Sep 3 2009 	Best inexpensive hotel in NYC	I stayed at the Ramada Eastside Inn for 2 weekend nights when I was in NYC to visit some friends. For the price, it's hard to find a better place. (I travel to NYC several times a year and have stayed a many different hotels.) I booked through Priceline and paid $125 a night. The hotel is clean, modern and the staff was friendly. Yes, the rooms are small but this is NYC - - space is at a premium. The rooms had flat screen TVs, comfortable beds, private baths, etc. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice inexpensive hotel option in NYC.	
Sep 2 2009 	The location is great! Service is good..	We stayed for 3 nights, it was really clean but the room and the bathroom were small. It is really convenient, 10 min. away from Empire State by Walking, and 5-10 min. walk to the subway (to go to Time Square, Central Park, etc.) It was also the cheapest one we have found in downtown. Staff were friendly. But in the end they sold us a shuttle which will take us from the hotel to the LaGuardia Airport, they made us pay 40 bucks, but then we have realized that if we had had the taxi instead, we could have paid only 25 bucks. :/ The breakfast is really basic, but satisfactory. Besides there is a Brazilian Coffee Shop Just adjacent to the hotel.. Awesome! I would recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great Hotel in NYC!	My husband, my father-in-law, and a friend of ours stayed at the Ramada Eastside from 8/9-8/13. This is a really good hotel to stay at when in New York, and hopefully my review of the most important things below will help anyone looking for a decently-priced hotel make a good decision. When I was looking at hotels, I really needed the place we stayed to have good amenities, medium-to-large sized rooms, be accessible to the subways, have internet access and have some kind of breakfast. In essence, I was looking for a mid-range hotel with thoughtful amenities. The Apple Core Hotel chain fit the bill for me and my family quite well. PricingThe prices are reasonable, ranging from $109/single person/queen sized bed/night to anywhere around $200. I kept watching their rates online, and was able to get the lowest prices. They offer a 10% AAA discount if you show your card when you check in. In NY, that was a great price, especially for how spacious the rooms are. RoomsWe all had rooms with queen-sized beds. The rooms have been renovated over the last 6 months, and are contemporary in design (sage green, dark brown, oatmeal colors). There is enough room to walk around, and because of the high ceilings, you won't feel boxed in or claustorphobic. You won't have a ton of space, as this is NY, but you won't be cramped either. The beds are Tempur-pedic mattresses (aka memory foam), and comfortable. The linens are nice cotton, and while there aren't luxurious duvet covers, the blankets were warm. The fairly new pillows are standard foam ones. The room had a full bathroom, even though it was small, with a shower, tub, sink, toilet and hair dryer. There is plenty of drawer space, if you need to unpack for a longer trip (2 nightstands and a chest of 4 drawers). The closet was small, but there was an in-room safe, an iron and ironing board and luggage rack, so we had everything we needed. The rooms also had nice new flat screen TVs. The air conditioner worked great...we didn't need the heater as it was hot as hell in NYC...and the large window in the room gave a lot of light. Thankfully, there are blackout curtains! There was a desk and coffee maker in the room, too.AmenitiesWe really liked the free WiFi and business center in the hotel. The Wifi is not super fast, and is shared by all guests in the hotel, so there are times when it will be really slow. Also, there aren't any ethernet ports in the rooms so you won't have the option of plugin in a cable. We were able to get email, but couldn't really watch the news or shows online on Amazon Video-on-Demand because the internet wasn't fast enough. There were plenty of brochures and maps for things to do in NY, if you need them, at the reception. The continental breakfast was basic, but good enough with mostly juices, milk, cereals, bagels, breads, English muffins, coffee, tea and boiled eggs. The breakfast items do run out by the last 1/2 hour of the breakfast time, so make sure to get there with enough time. If you miss it, there is the Brasil Coffee Shop attached to the hotel, where you can get a bigger variety of food. There is a fitness center, which we didn't use, and vending machines on the ground floor, that run out if the hotel is busy. The hotel also has a baggage check, so you can leave your luggage in their storeroom after you check out. StaffThe staff was friendly at the hotel. Our best experiences were with Priya and Harry, but everyone was nice. The housekeeping folks are cool and do a great job. NeighborhoodMurray Hill is a quieter part of NY. We didn't want to stay in the heart of Times Square, so this worked out to be a great location. We didn't hear the sirens or cabbies or crowds at night like you would in other parts of the city. Getting to the 4,5,6 subway lines was easy, as the 28th St &amp; 34th St. stations are equidistance away, about 4 blocks. The neighborhood has some great Italian and Indian restaurants that are open late, and most of them can be found on 3rd Avenue or Lexington. Chinese Mirch, Lannam Vietnamese, and Turkish Kitchen were our favorites!Things to KnowOverall, our stay at the hotel was really good. There are two quirks that I think anyone staying there should know about. One, there are two small elevators for the entire hotel. Guests and maintenance / housekeeping all use the same elevators. It can get pretty crazy around breakfast and check-out time in the morning, so plan for a wait. Also, ice machines are only on the 6th and 9th floors. If you get a room on either of those floors, definitely request ones away from them, as all guests who want ice at the hotel will come up there to get it, and you'll hear the ice machine working all night. Along with these quirks, there is one warning that I would give guests, simply because we experienced this. When you make your reservation, make sure that the credit card you will charge the room to is valid and is not in jeopardy of expiring. Our card expired -- which is obviously not the hotel's fault -- but because they authorize the charge for the first night of your stay to your card even before you arrive, you will need it to be valid. Since our's wasn't, the hotel didn't hold a room for us, and we didn't have a place to stay on 8/8 like we thought we did. We had a room booked for myself and my husband one night before the rest of our family joined us, and we felt like the hotel should have called us, since we'd booked multiple other rooms. We were in a bind since we didn't find out until we got there in the evening, after having flown from Los Angeles. We could have given them another credit card, no problem, but they had given our room away. Priya, who was on duty at the front desk, was helpful in trying to get us another room in the city, and she let us keep our bags in their bag check, but that was a hassle we didn't need that first evening. It could have been avoided very easily by a phone call. Luckily we found a place to stay, and everything worked out, but it was more expensive that we had budgeted for. So...word of warning, just be careful. Again, our stay was extremely comfortable and we would definitely stay again for a short trip.	
Aug 18 2009 	Very satisfied	We were very satisfied with our stay at this hotel. The rooms were updated and very clean. Check in and out effortless. Helpful staff. Free internet and breakfast were a bonus. Location easy to get to all areas of the city.	
Aug 2 2009 	A few disappointments...	The hotel is located in a neighborhood that one could describe as Little India. There are a lot of nice Indian restaurants around (many of them completely vegetarian). We also tried many other types of restaurants nearby and were never disappointed. The hotel is on the green line of the subway (#6), which services a lot of museums and other tourist hotspots. Just walk around in all directions to get to know the neighborhood and you will eventually find what you are looking for. Free wireless that worked. The price was right.Now the bad side...I chose the hotel based on the reviews posted on the Trip Advisor website (the one with the mouse and the other with the cockroach were not posted then, otherwise I would not have booked with them!!!). Although efficient, the front desk staff are most unfriendly. They never greet you when you enter or exit the hotel. They just stare at you.We had a very small hotel room -- not ideal for working if you are there on business (a small desk was placed right next to the TV). There was a queen bed with very little space around for two people. It seemed quite clean, although I had an allergy to either the cleaning products or something else in the room. (Another guest was scratching uncontrollably in the elevator.) On some cleaning days, our room was cleaned to perfection. On others, they dropped clean towels and supplies in the bathroom, and did not bother doing the bed! We were there for ten days, and although I do not like wasting water on cleaning sheets excessively, I knew for sure that they did not change them until day 8 because I cut myself accidentally and got a blood spot on the sheets, which was there for an eternity! The bathroom smelled of pee when we got there, and the smell never disappeared. I don't think they clean the bathroom floors with disinfectant. For four days straight, our bathroom floor was never cleaned (the same hair was there -- and when it's so small, believe me, you notice). The remote control did not work. My husband went to the front desk to request new batteries. They sent the audio guy upstairs who showed up, I think, with the same remote. It worked while he tried it, and then it did not work again. I did not bother with it again.They encourage people to post good reviews on Trip Advisor, which I do not like very much. They should worry more about getting a supervisor to check the cleanliness of the rooms and about dealing with pest control. I did hear some suspicious noise one night.I will definitely not return, although I liked the location. The size of the room was not a big concern -- I was not expecting the Plaza for the price I paid --, but I do not tolerate uncleanliness and unwanted visitors.	
Jul 31 2009 	What a Surprise!	Selected this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews and the great AAA price. First impressions? Large room with two very comfortable queen size beds, strong air conditioning, good location, fast free WIFI. The surprise? There was a mouse in our room! Need I say more?	
Jul 27 2009 	You get what you pay for.	My friend and I met up in NYC for a girls' weekend getaway. Initially, we were impressed by the size and cleanliness of the room. For an older building, it seemed to be quite well maintained and it was obvious that the rooms had been modernized. Still, it was nothing fancy but quite nice for the price.However, on our first evening, my friend found a cockroach in our coffee maker. Fortunately, we only saw and killed the one but where there's one cockroach, there are always many more. That was off-putting enough for us to keep all of our belongings zipped up in our suitcases for our entire stay. There was also a strange incident with some towels that were hanging in our closet. They were damp and left on hangers. Not sure why they were there, we left the closet door open one day so that the housekeeping staff would see the towels and change or remove them. However, the towels stayed there for our entire visit.The staff was competent. There weren't overly friendly or helpful but they weren't rude or unhelpful either. They served their function, nothing more or less and that was just fine with us. One slight annoyance with our check-out though. We contacted the front desk at approximately 11:15am (45 minutes before our departure) and asked them to call an airport limousine to pick us up at noon. Five minutes after our request, the front desk called our room and told us that our car had arrived, and to please come downstairs. It was a minor incident but irritating because we had to rush to finish packing and check ou of the hotel.On the plus side, we had booked a smoking room but were hoping that we could get a non-smoking room. The hotel wasn't able to accomodate us but the smoking room was was very clean and did not smell of smoke at all. If we didn't know that we were given a smoking room, we would not have been able to tell. Also, the beds were very comfortable.All in all, it was not the most enjoyable stay but it was by no means the worst. This hotel cost approximately $30/night less than any other hotel we could find of a comparable class/rating. We had originally reserved a room in another hotel which was brand new and I'm sure that we wouldn't have had the bug issues in the new hotel, but we decided to save a little money and go with this hotel.The problems weren't enough to put a damper on our visit, but it would have been much nicer to have a bug-free stay. It's an old building and I know there's only so much that one can really do to completely eliminate a cockroach infestation. This may be the reason why this hotel is available for a lower price than their competitors. We got exactly what we paid for. You need to consider your comfort level with cockroaches before booking with this hotel. If you're ok with them, then this hotel is a very good value. If they tend to gross you out, then it's worth the investment to book a more expensive hotel. Personally, I probably won't stay at this hotel again because of the cockroach issue. I understand the difficulties of dealing with cockroaches, but that doesn't mean I'm ok with sleeping with them.	
Jul 18 2009 	HIDDEN GEM!!!	this is such a great place...i don't think i/you should tell anyone!!! i wound up seeing many of the other hotels i checked while planning this trip - on the shuttle from laguardia (along lexington)!! even my driver made a good comment when he dropped me off!! the room i was in was perfect for me!! this place is on the no-frills side (no room service, you don't get escorted to your room upon check-in). one of my only real complaints would have to be about some of the staff!!! i needed to print my boarding pass for my flight, once i located the business center i went to print and there was no paper in the printer!!! i picked up the phone which automatically began to ring an extension, i told the person on the other end what i was calling about and was told to come back up to the front desk to get some!!! once upstairs i was handed about a half ream, I DON'T WORK HERE, i took the 4 sheets that i was going to need and finished my print job!!! one caution for families with small children...i noticed many doors left open leading to ominous looking fire escapes!! the room i was in (404) had been recently upgraded!!! although it was a smoking room...it did not smell of cigarettes past @ all!!! two suggestions that i would have for the hotel itself...the constant door slamming from other guest rooms is very jarring...not to mention that it makes it very difficult to sleep in!!! especially around the time that the housekeepers are making their rounds!!! the other suggestion would be to clean the windows!!! it has been very rainy in the city this summer - i get that - but there was a layer/film of dirt that looked like it had been there for a while!!! the room and the hotel were very well maintained!!! the restaurant next door looked very inviting!!! the train (6) is only 2 blocks away...very convenient!!! there are many things open late night and 24/7 around 28th/park which is where the entrances are (mcdonalds, duane reade). murray hill is not the center of the city - the in place to be - but it is centrally located to pretty much everything!! i will definitely make this the first place i check on my next trip to nyc!!!!	
Jul 15 2009 	An absolute value for money by New York standards.	It is a very clean and well managed hotel, with nice rooms, breakfast and wifi included in all the rooms at no extra cost. Some people may find the rooms too small, but by New York standards they are not really small. All real estate in New York is small. I almost want to suggest the owners of this property to get away from Ramada franchise and list it under their own brand. Not all Ramada properties are in good condition. Another suggestion I have for the property owners &quot;Apple Core&quot; is that they should indicate on their website about the AAA discount they offer on all their hotels.	
Jun 27 2009 	Very Pleased	We were absolutely pleased with this hotel. Was our 1st trip to NYC, You never know what you are going to get when you book a hotel, but the description listed was exactly what we got. Clean, great location, great staff and a bargain price.The bathroom is a very important to us and this was very clean and no mildew, breakfast bar was great, with a choice of 2 daily newspapers. The hotel is within walking distance of all major sites you want to visit, including the metro line. We will recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to spend a night or two in NYC. Thank you!	
Jun 11 2009 	A nice place to stay.	A nice place to stay. The best part was the staff. They helped me with everything. It was my first trip to NYC. I asked the front desk for a room with the must have features, and I got exactly what I needed and wanted. After long walks around NYC you need a place to come back to that will refresh you and this place did it. I usually travel and stay the first night at an expensive hotel (Which I did) and then try to budget with a second best place and get on with the trip. Usually the second place I stay is a let down. This hotel held its own against a very ritzy Time Square hotel in overall satisfaction.	
Jun 5 2009 	Couldn't have asked for a better place to stay!	We were absolutely thrilled with this hotel. You never know what you are going to get when you book a NYC hotel, but the description listed was exactly what we got. Clean, roomy, great location, great staff and a bargain price. We will stay there again! Thank you!	
Jun 4 2009 	Great location nice hotel close to restaurants and subway	I thought this was a great place to stay considering the other times I stayed in New York was in Manhattan. This was indeed a hidden gem and it was great to stay in Murray Hill. There is a lot of interesting things to see and do in Murray Hill and it was great to see all these restaurants nearby the hotel. I enjoyed the continential breakfast and was pleased with the service there. I also enjoyed using the free internet in the Business Center. There was also a printer you could use to print out info. from the internet if you wanted to and it was also free ! The hotel room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable.	
Jun 3 2009 	Just Perfect	Me and a friend chose this hotel after severals we found in the internet. We were looking for a quieter area but close to everything and affordable. Ramada Eastside did not disappointed our expectations. Clean, nice neighbourhood, recently refurbshided, excelent beds and with a fair complimentary coffe. Free wireless internet in the roon is a must. Staff is helpefull when needed. A nice coffe shop in the building always with lots of young people (it looked like they were students) with their lap tops and books. Although some reviews said elevators were slow we did not noticed that. We did our reservation by Ramada website and all went as it should be. Will came back for sure.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Stay	Was in town for graduation and stayed for 9 days. Had a great stay. The staff was very professional, from the front desk, maid service and breakfast crew. The breakfast was continental and nothing to write home about, but it was fresh. Lots of casual restarants new by, esp those serving Indian foods. Subway was 2 blocks away. Grocery stores nearby if you want to have a picnic. This is the 3rd different Applecore I have stayed in and I enjoyed this one the most.	
May 25 2009 	Excellent value for what you pay.	Stayed here for three nights (May 6-8). Got the CAA rate - $99/night, an absolute steal for such a nice room in a great location.The room was clean, quiet and had blinds that darkened the room. The bed was really comfortable, good pillows too. There was a desk with nice leather chair. The bathroom was a bit cramped, but very clean. It had a powerful shower with different settings. A slight complaint about the lack of a towel rack, just a couple of hooks high up on the bathroom door, a strange place for them.Amenities that I took advantage of: flat screen TV, free coffee and tea, cordless phones with free local calls, bottles of shampoo/conditioner/hand lotion/soap, free internet in the little business centre.Breakfast consisted of toast, bagels, cereals, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, juice/coffee/tea, and even fruit (apples/oranges/bananas)! Nothing fancy, but it was included in the price, so it's hard to complain. It can be hard to get a seat in the breakfast room though.Overall, a great hotel in a greal location.	
May 19 2009 	Reasonably priced and centrally located	Took my girlfriend to NYC for a 5 days vacation from May 14-19. I looked for a reasonably priced hotel and the reviews I had found online were promising. The Ramada Lexington is centrally located (30th and Lexington), and the price is quite reasonable for Manhattan. The hotel is located two blocks from Line 6 of the Subway (28th and Lexington), which is quite convenient. The room was a bit small, and the bed (advertised as a queen sized) was a bit on the small size. I didn't have a tape measure, however I would guess that it wasn't the standard 60&quot;. The bathroom was super tiny, with a bathtub made for a 7 years old, lol. The water pressure in the bathroom was great. The room also offers a flat screen TV (also with HBO), and a nice fridge. So it's a mini room, but very well organized, it also offers a large closet (I mean large for the size of the room, lol), where you can store your luggage.. Everything was clean and the staff quite helpful. For the price you also get a continental breakfast. The breakfast room is located on the lower level, which can seem a bit odd for some people. The breakfast offering is: toast, bagels, coffee, hot tea, fruits and cereals. And I think I saw some boiled eggs as well. There is no ice at all in the breakfast room, so if you like iced tea like I do, I would encourage you to get an ice bucket and stop on the 6th of the 9th floor to get some ice before going downstairs. The breakfast room is not very large, so you might want to go early as you might have to wait for a table. They serve breakfast from 6am to 10am, and it is quite crowded the last two hours.From the hotel, it takes a 5 minutes the Empire State Building, located on 34th and 5th. The front desk clerk arranged for a limo back toe JFK, for a flat rate of $50 instead of the $45 that Taxi charge, however you can be sure they are on time. There is also a gym on the first floor, with a few exercise machines. And of course, the hotel offers free wireless access. That was nice. And it worked all the time!For the price, I will definitely be back.	
May 19 2009 	Exceptional value for money. Great place to stay in NYC.	I stayed at Ramada Eastside for 10 nights in early May, and have to say this is a really exceptional value-for-money hotel.I arrived at around 11pm and that was no problem (I let them know about it).The room was medium-sized, with a large flat TV screen and safe.The bathroom was really large for a hotel, with a bathtub and a big mirror. There were 9 towels (3 for each size), all of them replaced every day. It was all very clean.The safe didn't work, but was promptly fixed by the staff.The breakfast isn't anything special, but it's also free, so no complaints about it.The front-desk staff wasn't always so warm, but I didn't care that much. Moreover, they let me check-out two hours late.The location is very good: Midtown Manhattan, with a 5-minute walk from the subway.Liked best: value for money, room.Liked least: breakfast.	
May 19 2009 	What a great find!	This was an excellent find for Manhattan - the price was excellent and the hotel offered many many extras for free that you would pay for in other (more expensive) hotels. Free wifi, breakfast, use of computers and printers, check in kiosk for both the hotel and flights, in-room coffee maker etc... A small fridge would be nice but at this price, we're not complaining!The room was of a good size and the bathroom large and clean. We were on the 9th floor and even though we were on the corner of 30th and Lexington, the traffic noise was not a problem.The only complaints, if you could call them that, would be that there is no blind or curtain on the bathroom window (though the glass is frosted) and because the door to the bathroom was glass, the light from outside came into the bedroom. We fixed this the second night by having the closet door open to cover the glass door partially but a blind on the bathroom window would be useful. Secondly, it would be nice to see some more environmentally friendly table ware in the breakfast room - the cheap plastic cutlery and styrofoam plates were just a little cheap feeling and surely not good for the environment...All in all a fabulous experience - we will definitely be back and recommending to all our friends.	
May 17 2009 	A great NYC experience	I stayed at the Ramada 5/10-16/09 and found it to be an exceptional value for the price I paid. Breakfast was fresh and plenty of it and the only criticism with breakfast would be that there was no soap and paper towels at the sink to wash one hands if they get soiled or sticky. The room was exceptionally clean and fresh and as others said about the bathroom, there is no place to hang the towels after use. No towel bars at all. But, I'm being picky here and I did speak to the Mgr. about it. He said they were still in the process of their upgrades and would address the issue. There is an in room safe and a good closet.The area is nice with bus and subway close at hand. What more could you ask for in midtown Manhattan than a reasonable price, close to transportation, with your first meal of the day covered. I'll be back.	
May 11 2009 	Very clean quiet and in a good location.	During my stay here, both my mother and I very very impressed and appreciatiave of how clean the hotel is. The staff is very friendly and the hotel includes many great perks. It is one of the few in the area with a free breakfast, and it's a nice breakfast! The business center was also helpful. My only suggestion is that if you are getting a discount on the rate (AAA, etc.) you must present the card or proof of discount at the time of check in. I highly recommned getting a confirmation of this, such as having the staff make a copy of the discount, dating and signing it. I noted several people having trouble getting their discounts at the time of checkout. Otherwise, we were very happy with our stay and this hotel. I would recommend it and would not hesitiate to stay at this hotel again in the future.	
May 7 2009 	I wouldnot get better hotel and better service than Ramada Eastside.	I stayed at Ramada Eastside from April 30 through May 06, 2009 and it is never forgetable experience. The hotel was very clean with very friendly and proactive staff. The breakfast served was very fresh. On top of everything it is the best valued hotel. For the month of April, it was pretty reasonable. I won't get better hotel and better service than Ramada Eastside. it is perfect! i loved it.	
May 4 2009 	Great find in NYC	This was a great find in New York, given the cost of most other forms of accommodation in the city. As has been said often in the reviews here, it’s in an excellent location only a few blocks away from places like the Empire State Building and Madison Square Garden – and around a 15 minute walk or so from Grand Central Station. There’s also a subway station nearby. The room was clean and perfectly adequate with a nice, comfortable bed; well-sized flatscreen TV and a newish shower/bath. They also provided a free breakfast while I was staying there. I didn’t encounter too many problems with noise from outside the room, either. The only thing that bothered me was the customer service (or lack of it). Some of the staff seriously need to do a customer service course and/or to go to hotels in other parts of the world to learn about how to interact with (and even give an occasional smile to or indulge in a friendly conversation with) their guests. But, the further I travelled across the USA, the more a lack of customer service seemed to be standard practice in a lot of different parts of the country these days.	
May 1 2009 	Excellent value	We stayed here for 3 nights in April, and booked the hotel, after having enjoyed a stay last year.The hotel has been renovated in the meantime, and we had a large, nice double queen room. Our room was very clean and everything in perfect condition.The hotel is situated in Murray Hill, 2-3 blocks from the No. 6 Subway. Nice neighbourhood with lots of good restaurants.Breakfast ok, although breakfastroom in basement is too small.Friendly and helpful staff. Excellent value for money, and we will be back!	
Apr 24 2009 	Another Great Stay	Just had another great stay at the hotel. My family of three have stayed a few time &amp; this trip consisted of two moms &amp; 2 children under the age of 12. The staff is very friendly &amp; helpful. The rooms were clean &amp; updated. One complaint is that the bathrooms could use extra hooks or more counter space to put your gear. Other than that, great location good price. Thanks	
Apr 19 2009 	Excellent choice for a trip to New York	This is a really nice hotel which has recently been refurbished. Breakfast is included and there is plenty of choice. The rooms are clean and the bed are great. Staff are very helpful. About 10 minute walk to Empire State Building. We stayed here last year and this trip and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. Excellent value for money.	
Apr 18 2009 	Pretty good deal for location.	I used Google Maps to locate hotels within reasonable walking distance from NYU College of Dentistry. I knew I wanted wireless internet, 24 hour front desk and breakfast included in the hotel I was going to stay at. This place was the cheapest that I found within 15-20 mins walking distance from the NYUCD areathat had these amenities. The guy working in the lobby was pretty nice and helpful!At around 130 dollars this place was pretty good. The toilet was kind of close to the wall but I did not mind too much (Perhaps it was just my room). My room was sort of noisy when I was trying to sleep but I think my window was open a little. I got a smoking room since that was all they seemed to have at the time but I don't think I could hold that against the hotel's rating. I would recommend this place if you are going for an interview at NYUCD. Close the the Koreatown area and the Empire State building. Take the New York Airport Service from La Guardia airport if you are trying to get here. It cost me 21 bucks (plus tips) round trip (they drop you off/pick up at Grand Central Station and a few other stations). I just walked (did not mind since I was sightseeing too) to the hotel from there. I think NYAS has a shuttle service to hotels from Grand Central but I just walked since I wanted to see the city closer.Overall I would stay here again bc/ of the relatively cheaper price compared to similarly equipped hotels.	
Feb 23 2009 	Reasonable hotel at a good price for the location	Stayed for two nights while in town on business - rate was ~$125 (AAA discounted) for a king bed room.Good:- Very clean and quiet room (even though it was facing Lexington Ave) on 10th floor- Good selection of food at the breakfast buffet- Wireless high-speed network was fast &amp; free- Good location in Murray Hill - lots of places to eat in the neighborhoodBad:- Slowest elevators I've experienced in years - Fitness room facilities were below par- Fairly old heating/cooling system in room - this should have been upgraded when they renovated the hotel- Breakfast area opened at 7 AM - this is pretty late for weekdays at most hotels	
Feb 18 2009 	Great value!!	Can't beat the price of this hotel, what an awesome value! Friendly helpful staff. Clean room and bathroom. Very comfortable bed. The continental breakfast hit the spot, good bagels, donuts and coffee. The neighborhood is nice with all the necessities near by, pizza, diner, bars, coffee house right next door, pharmacy, subway, etc. I am a single woman and stayed here by myself 4 nights and never once did I feel uncomfortable or unsafe. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 16 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Ramada Inn East side New York City, truly fantastic hotelFebruary 13,2009My wife and i arrived from the Philippines for our exhibit attendance in Javits Center and we again tried Ramada Inn due to its price and proximity to location. We were here two years ago and we were comfortable with the location especially for us who knows very few things about New York. We were very gladly surprised with the new lay out and design of the rooms as well as the fantastic improvements they have made on the bed, the bathroom as well as the general cleanliness of the room. The breakfast was just right, the service good and men and women on the counter were helpful and of course the flat tv was just really a highlight.Ramada truly made our stay memorable and almost became a paradise to us after a 20 hour trip from the Philippines to New York.	
Jan 22 2009 	This is a great place to stay in NYC	I was very impressed with the Ramada Inn Eastside. I think the quality is unbeatable for the price, and will definitely stay here again when I am in NYC. The rooms are all newly refurnished and very tasteful, and clean-- everything new (I stayed in 2 different rooms during my stay-- one with 2 queens and one with 1 queen). The matresses are comfortable tempurpedic-style matresses, and there is an ipod dock and sound system built into the alarm clock. Given that the hotel is in donwtown Manhattan, it was fairly quiet, though NYC is noisy wherever you are. The rooms were decent size for NYC, and overall the hotel had a bright, clean, new vibe, but in an older New York building. I was very impressed, and didn't know that accomodations like this were available in NYC for this price. I have paid over twice the price for a room not nearly as nice. I will definitely stay here again.	
Jan 18 2009 	Value for money in NYC	We've stayed here a few times on business trips and this year was better than last. The rooms are large for New York hotel rooms and they are gradually being upgraded so the street facing ones now have modern bathrooms which are great, but you have to put up with the very noisy streets below - definitely makes you feel like you're in NYC! The bed was new too, very comfortable but the pillows are rock hard and too large so we both had sore necks after 3 nights there. There is a large air con machine by the window and massive flat screen TV and coffee making facilities, there's also a small gym and breakfast is included, although it is self service cheap processed food on stryofoam crockery with plastic utensils so best avoided - plenty of nice cafes and shops nearby for food and drink. Two blocks from 28th St subway stop so easy to get around, although you can easily walk to 5th Avenue, Union Sq, Empire State, Madison Sq gardens etc. Great value for money and does what is says on the tin.	
Jan 9 2009 	Worth the money.	First, let me say that when you're in NYC, perhaps more than any other city, you're paying for a place to sleep. There is just far too much to do to be worrying about all the little amenities. My main cares when in NYC are that I have a semi-quiet place to sleep, it's clean, and it's safe. If those are fulfilled, I&quot;m happy. I'll save the fretting over marble countertops and deluxe lobbies to when I'm elsewhere.This hotels is basically &quot;no frills&quot; in that the rooms are pretty tiny, the TV is pretty small, and the view wasn't really great. Plus, the bathrooms are realllllly small.But, it was clean, the people were very friendly, the part of town was pretty nice and quiet, and the breakfast was good. All this for 130 bucks a night in Manhattan. How could I complain?	
Dec 21 2008 	Great Hotel at Great Price	Stayed at this hotel 12/19/08. Hotel was close to my family. Searched Tripadvisor and noticed great reviews. Booked hotel with 2 queen beds Room 1014 on 10th floor. Was supprised when I got off elevator and noticed how bright the hallway was. Ceiling lights every 10 feet. Room was recently remodeled. Bathroom was new and spotless. Bathroom was a good size with space to place all bathroom items. Bed was excellent. Dresser and deck/chair were good. Lighting was excellent. Clock/radio was wireless and contained ipod docking station. Temporary parking in front of hotel. ICON parking garage 3 blocks away with Hotel rate of $20 Regular rate $40. Breakfast was excellent with fresh local bakery donuts and bagles. Attendent did a great job.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Hotel Reasonable Price	This hotel has a great location, a reasonable price by New York standards and a free continential breakfast. It is within walking distance of many of the tourist attractions. The rooms are not large but the beds are very comfortable. It was a great place to stay!	
Nov 3 2008 	Good place to stay	Stayed here for one night in late October. Very satisfied with room (nice bathroom, reasonably sized bedroom, practical, wireless access good), overall feel of hotel. Also remarkable very the nice staff at reception during both shifts I was there. Friendly and very helpful. Breakfast, as in other hotels in NY where breakfast is included, was somewhat chaotic and could be tidier. But was okay overall. One real worry was thatsheets on bed did not look fresh. Q: Unironed only or (hope not!!!) used again ??!! I hope the former, as the room/bathroom was otherwise v clean.Lastly, location very handy.	
Oct 14 2008 	A Pleasant Surprise	After reading many reviews and spending endless hours searching for a NYC hotel for under $300 a night, I caught a &quot;sale&quot; on a room in this hotel. I used to live in NYC and visit there quite often, but I was shocked at how difficult it was to find a room over Columbus Day weekend. I was able to make a reservation through the Ramada website directly without having to pay the whole stay in advance, which was a relief. The hotel was very recently refurbished. Rooms and bathrooms were small, but newly decorated and very clean. Front desk staff was okay, but they did answer the few questions I asked them. I was able to check in at 1pm which was appreciated since I had flown all night. Continental breakfast was better than most hotels of this type in New York. IPOD/MP3 player connection was appreciated. I could even use a computer downstairs to check in for my flight. Nice coffee shop next door. Location was a little far from midtown ($10.00 by taxi), but subway stop was only about 5 minutes away. All in all, a great find for a busy weekend in New York.	
Sep 26 2008 	Good Hotel - Good Location	Stayed here for a night in September. Was anxious having seen some of the reviews but I found it to be very good.Rooms and Bathrooms appear to be recently refurbished (stayed on the 8th floor) and very clean. Breakfast had a good selection and all was well maintained and clean.Good location for visiting the city. Would recommend it.	
Sep 16 2008 	Great experience	My husband and I stayed for a week at the Ramada Eastside and we were very pleased with our stay. Compared to prices at other hotels in Manhattan it was good value. Great location. Few minutes walk to Empire State Building and about 20 minutes to Times Square and Rockefeller Centre. Good amount of restaurants nearby and also on 3rd Avenue. Italian restaurant next door to the hotel was lovely. Unlike most hotels this hotel provides a complimentary breakfast and the breakfast was excellent with plenty variety of food and drinks. Kitchen staff kept replenishing the stock if any food ran low. All staff throughout the hotel were very pleasant, helpful and obliging. The beds are extremely comfortable too! Really nice. Rooms were kept clean. Phones in the bedrooms allow free calls to anywhere in the US.Lifts might be a bit slow but there are only 12 floors altogether so it doesn't take very long to get to your floor.Our only complaint would be that our room had no mirror except for the mirror in the bathroom. Also, the television remote control was temperamental. Would only work if held at a certain angle. Nice television though!All in all we had a great experience and a great week in New York. Would definitely stay at Ramada Eastside again.	
Sep 9 2008 	Raves for the the Ramada Inn Eastside	If you're looking for a reasonable hotel that offers rooms with 2 queen beds and free breakfast, this is definitely the hotel for you. My mom, sister, best friend and I planned a trip to NYC to celebrate my 30th birthday. My mother insisted on staying at a hotel with queen beds instead of full, and her internet search with that criteria brought us to the Ramada Inn Eastside. We booked online, and when we arrived, we were greeted by a friendly staff who were very accomodating for our entire stay. Our room was much larger than we expected, and the beds were so comfortable that my mother is looking into ordering one for herself. We loved that our location was so close to so many major attractions, and we used that to our full advantage, often walking to and from the hotel as we explored the city. When we had to take a cab, it was usually only a few dollars to anywhere we wanted to go. Throughout the trip, we marveled at how lucky we were to stumble on such a great hotel for such a reasonable price (not to mention bigger beds than the competition!), and the complimentary breakfast was the icing on the cake! It's not the Ritz or the Four Seasons, but for a clean comfortable night's stay in a convenient location, you can't go wrong with this hotel.	
Aug 31 2008 	very good experince	My wife and I stayed in the Ramada eastside for almost 3 weeks between 10th august and 30th august 2008. The Hotel, though small is very clean and well staffed. The facilities like free Internet access and free local telephones call are very useful and do save a lot of money. The business office also has basic facilities for small office work.Mr. Harry at the front office is well informed and very helpful.I would surely recommend this Hotel to those who want a clean economical residence in the heart of Manhattan.Dr Bimal Mody ( Mumbai , India)	
Aug 24 2008 	Most Comfortable Bed Ever . . . but not a minute's sleep!	Booked this hotel on short notice, without really knowing much about it, except that it was close to NYU Medical Center, and I got a very inexpensive rate for NYC. I had a super tiny queen bed room, but it had all of the things it needed -- a closet, a desk, flat screen tv, and a small but clean bathroom. The bed's mattress is Tempur-Pedic -- quite possibly the most comfortable mattress I have ever slept on. However, I didn't get any sleep all night! There were two problems -- first, this room and the room next to mine had their doors practically touching. Every time the people in the next room entered and exited their room . . . it sounded like they were coming into my room. Second, the road noise was crazy. I could hear people talking on the street as if they were in my room -- and I was on the 11th floor! Every car, bus, ambulance that drove by, I heard! Yes, I know this is NYC, the &quot;City That Never Sleeps&quot; . . . but the noise was so loud that I checked the window two times to make sure that I hadn't left it open! I probably can't much blame the hotel for this problem . . . but if you value your sleep, you won't get much here.	
Aug 14 2008 	very good position	We had a very good stay at this hotel. Our family room was all we needed (2 queen sized beds) and breakfast was included. The beds were extremely comfortable - they were Tempura mattresses. Just about had views of the Empire State Building from our window but main attractions within walking distance. Great diner just up the road. Staff friendly.	
Jul 30 2008 	Nice hotel with spacious rooms	Overall, this was a nice hotel and we would definitely stay there again.Things we liked:- Good location. Near subways; many restaurants nearby. Penelopes across the street was very good for dinner and breakfast. Many Indian restaurant in the vicinity. Chennai Garden (a few blocks away) was excellent; the best meal we had in New York.- Large rooms. I was prepared for the small rooms that New York is known for, but the room was extremely spacious and had been recently renovated.- Comfortable beds. The most comfortable bed I've ever slept in in a hotel.Things we did not like:- Front desk staff was not very friendly or very helpful. They usually could not be bothered to say hello when we walked through the lobby. They could not tell us where the nearest Chinese restaurant was or where a public computer could be found.- Marginal continental breakfast. Little variety; the same expired yogurt remained available for our entire stay.	
Jul 27 2008	Not ready for prime time.	It IS possible to get deals on hotels in NYC. I paid full price for this one, and it was not worth it. If you could get a great rate, it would be.I was on a newly renovated floor, so everything was new, but it was not quite finished! When I checked in, the phones didn't work (they did they next day). I had to call the front desk from my cell. Both days, the windows stuck open--sans screen--and someone had to come up to close it. I had to call and ask for a hairdryer and took a cold shower because the water took too long to get hot. The &quot;fitness room&quot; only has one machine plugged in. I think that once all the renovations and upgrades are done, this will be a fine hotel if you can get a good price. The staff and management are VERY nice and helpful. They are trying hard, but my room was not ready for prime time.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Place to Stay	I stayed at the Ramada Eastside for 5 days. The location was excellent. The train stations were near by and there are plenty of stores within walking distance including several cafes, delis and restaurants. Its also very easy to catch a cab because there are always some driving by.The hotel itself was clean. My room was small but clean which was fine because I really only used it for sleeping. There is a continental breakfast offered from 7-10 which consisted of: bagels, hard boiled eggs, dry cereal, donuts, yogurt, and fruit.The staff was not overly friendly but they were courteous and helpful.My only complaint was that the elevators were super slow.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great Clean Accommodations - Ramada Inn Eastside	My Dad and I stayed at the Ramada Inn Eastside on a trip to see the Yankees play in May 2008. The staff was friendly enough at check-in. When we got to the room, we found it small, but very clean. The beds (2 double) were very comfortable. The bathroom was nice and modern and again, very clean. I guess I didn't expect it to be as nice as it was (don't get me wrong, it's not luxurious, just nice and comfortable). We were both very pleased with the accommodations. Breakfast was ok - a typical continental breakfast. The attendant there wasn't overly friendly. Seating space is limited, so be sure to get there before the rush. The breakfast area is a little cramped and people seemed to stumble over one another to get to the food. There is a nice Italian restaurant next door and some great Indian food on 28th. The subway is within walking distance and we felt safe in the neighborhood. My only complaint would be the cost, but the Ramada Inn Eastside was the best rate we could find at the time in that area.	
Jul 12 2008 	always nice and easy	We stay here several times a year...even tho they are renovating, it was still the best around. The staff is always accomodating and by NYC standards the rooms are always well appointed....not big but again, it is New York. A great starter breakfast and the location is terrific.....close to everything, easy cab service and bus or subway nearby...nice little coffee haus downstairs. Many foreign guests...they know value and quality. For the price.....cannot be beat in a location parallel.	
Jul 1 2008 	good location ok price clean and nice	Spent in the hotel one night, and it was pretty good experience. I called from the airport at 10:30 asking for an early check in (at 11:30) and answered that it will take a bit more bit it's doable. well... it took a bit more than promised and I had to wait a bit in the cafe near by (which was pretty nice - good coffee, nice atmosphere, but don't be tempted by the coconut muffin...), but I got in by 12:00.the room was pretty nice. small, but greatly lighten with sun. the bath and toilet are pretty miniature (I'm not too big man, but it was feeling like sitting on a training pot, rather than on a toilet seat.there is a breakfast included - pretty nice continental one.one minor thing... someone should reset the alarm clocks after a guest is leaving the room... (that goes for ALL the hotels...) I don't need to remember to shut someones else's alarm on the morning of my day off....one last thing... don't want to be picky, but the elevators are s-l-o-w.... I was on the 12th floor... bottom line:great location - Lexington and 30.the room was clean and tidyrestroom a bit claustrophobic ok breakfasttake 5 mins ahead of schedule to catch the elevatornice cafe near bywill come again once I'll be in NYC	
Jun 25 2008 	All The More Reason to Visit the City!	This hotel was a bit more money than I wanted to spend for one night's stay in the city. However, this was easily one of the nicest rooms I've stayed in while in NYC, and the location was absolutely IDEAL. I was walking distance from everywhere I needed to go during my weekend visit (and walking distance is saying a lot for NYC). Upon my arrival I was informed by the very pleasant female attendant that they were doing some remodeling of the rooms on the floor where my room was located. I had booked the first room to be finished on that floor. We briefly joked about it being especially set aside for me because they knew I was coming. I always love a hotel staff that is friendly and has a sense of humor, but who doesn't? As the elevator doors opened to the 11th floor I was met with a hallway full of furniture, TV's, and styrofoam packaging materials. At first I was a little nervous, but once I was shown to my room by one of the employees (since the rooms had not yet been marked) I was met with an adorable room that I was so pleased with! The employee was very kind and asked me to make sure everything was there that I needed, and that if anything was missing to please let him know immediately so that he could attend to my requests. I stayed in a standard Queen room. The bed had a Tempurpedic mattress that was amazing; the color and design themes for the room were very nice and warm; the bathroom was HUGE for a single occupant room!; the furniture was simple, yet very nice; and the large window by the closet space actually had a nice little view &quot;overlooking&quot; the city. The room came with a nice air conditioner (functional and NOT musty smelling!) that came in handy with the 85* weather that day. I settled in for about an hour before leaving for a meeting a few blocks away. Upon arriving back to my room about 4 hours later the hallways were spotless, the rooms marked, and everything looked as though there was never remodeling or construction in the first place. I was very pleased with my weekend experience and have already begun making plans to stay there again when I return to the city in a few weeks for a more extended stay.	
Jun 22 2008 	Good Choice for kids	good location, very safe neighborhood. The rooms are not huge but comfortable and it includes breakfast which is a great deal when you travel with kids. They are undergoing some renovations but it was not noisy and pretty clean. a great nail salon is near by ( open until 11pm) and the pizza place on the corner vezzo was very good. They have a deal with a parking garage for $20 a day- that's a bargin in and of itself.It is near a bunch of subway lines so it was a perfect location for that as well. I would stay here again, good value for the money (considering what so many of these ny hotels are asking)	
Jun 17 2008 	Terrible Experience	We stayed at the Ramada Eastside for 4 nights in June, 2008 and it was the worst experience in NYC we have ever had. We booked online through the hotel website 2 months prior and called the hotel one week before to confirm. They gave us a nice room but said we had to move to another room the next night because of remodeling. I asked why they didn't book us into the same room for the 4 nights, but the receptionist didn't know. She said the new room would be exactly like the first room. Well, it wasn't. It was about half the size and a smoking room. Since we specifically asked for non-smoking, we complained. They said it wasn't a smoking room (lie) and besides they didn't have any other rooms. I complained again and again and demanded to speak to the manager. He wasn't there and wouldn't be there for 2 days, so the receptionist didn't know what to do. I kept complaining and he finally offered to move us to a &quot;sister hotel&quot; near Times Square. He said it was far superior to the Ramada Eastside and that the new hotel would give us a big discount, half the price of the Ramada. Well, we looked it up online and the new hotel was 2 stars below the Ramada and the &quot;big discount&quot; was the regular price. In other words, it was a cheaper hotel, and in NYC that means lower quality in all ways. We asked him to lower the Ramada price because we didn't want to move again, and he agreed to do that. That night, our son urinated in his bed, and we asked Housekeeping to change the sheets. Well, they didn't put new sheets on the bed. When we got back and were ready to go to bed, we discovered this and asked for sheets. The hotel person came and didn't want to change the sheets himself, but I refused to do it, so he did it. The final experience was that we asked them to call us car service to take us to the airport. It turns out the car was unlicensed, had an open beer bottle in the back seat, and one of the seatbelts was broken. We went half a block and the driver demanded more money than the original flat fee. It seems the hotel receptionist pocketed ten dollars and didn't tell the car driver, who wanted an additional ten dollars from us. We demanded he take us back to the hotel and we caught a taxi. I strongly advise you to carefully weight the very negative management style against the free breakfast and decide what is worth more to your trip.	
May 26 2008 	Convenient location	I originally booked this hotel for its convenient location and reasonable rates. We weren't disappointed. I've now stayed at the hotel three times and would not hesitaste to recommend it to friends and family. There is a good complimentary breakfast and free interenet access. The room was clean and the staff were all polite and helpful.The only problem on this last visit was that the room was very small - hardly room for two suitacses - and there was a lot of traffic noise which is not surprising.	
May 12 2008 	Extremely Small but pretty clean; good location	We booked through the hotel's web site for $109 double room. The staff was friendly, a bit stand-offish, but helpful enough. The room was very tiny, but the beds were clean and so was the bathroom. The hotel is partly condos on some floors, so it was interesting to mingle with the locals on the way in/out. The hotel room has and old feel to it. We didn't see any of the creepy-crawlies that some travelers have complained about. We only used our hotel as a base to facilitate scheduled auditions for our kids in NYC. It was well worth the $109, as we were hardly ever in the room; but, I was happy with the general cleanliness of the room for bathing and sleeping. I would give the hotel another chance if I could get the same nightly rate. Hotel is within great walking distance of Broadway other major streets/aves. Great pizza/shopping just blocks away.	
Apr 25 2008	An excellent discount hotel	The Ramada Eastside Inn 161 Lexington Ave., New York, NYThis hotel is in the Murray Hill section at the corner of Lexington Ave. and East 30th St. We stayed on the tenth floor for three nights in mid-April 2008. Two adults - king sized bed - non- smoking. Per night cost, taxes and fees included was about $270. We had an excellent experience. The service people were friendly and helpful. The room, like many in New York, was small, but it was clean, bathroom included. Basic cable and a basic television. The continental breakfast was great. Bagels, cereal, donuts, waffles, juice, fruit, and coffee -- all fresh and in abundance. And a cleaning woman maintains the room constantly, cleaning and replenishing. You are a few blocks from the nearest subway stops, but you can easily walk to the Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, Grand Central Station, and the Flatiron District. You are also right next door to a wonderful Italian restaurant, Trattoria Belvedere. Dinner for two with appetizer, wine, dessert and tip - $130 (generous tip for very good service). If you seek high-priced luxury, look elsewhere, but if you plan to see the many sights of NYC and use your hotel simply as a base of operation, this might be the place for you. We certainly plan to return.	
Apr 4 2008 	Filthy Dive	Do not let the low rate and promise of the Tempurpedic bed fool you. This Hotel is no bargain. Shabby Chic is one thing, this establishment is a dive. The employees were rude and non responsive and the rooms were filthy and cockroach infested. In some cases this Hotel reminded me of a bad horror movie. The room across from mine, on the 5th floor, had its door foamed shut. I shudder to think what was in there!! The heater/air-conditioning unit self destructed the first night in a cloud of smoke and was still not working when I left. Do yourself a favor, avoid this hell hole at all costs. The inexpensive room rate and decent location are not worth it.	
Apr 4 2008	Creepy crawlies	I had stayed at this hotel in 2004 and my visit was pleasant at that time. So when I booked it again for a 3-night stay for 3 individuals I was surprised that the conditions were much worse. The condition of the room had deteriorated from my earlier visit in 2004. There was peeling wallpaper and the air vents did not look very clean and made a peculiar noise even when turned off. I could not find another hotel that had 3 rooms available in my price range so decided to stick it out. One of my traveling companions saw cockroaches on our last night there and the staff on duty just handed him a can of insecticide and said they would handle it the next day.	
Mar 1 2008	Great value hotel in mid Manhattan	On arrival we could tell the hotel was old-fashioned and tired in its furnishings, however the room was clean. The reception staff were helpful and pleasant. We booked very early and paid $140 per night and consider it excellent value because of the location, superb mattresses, free Wi-Fi internet connection and the eat-as-much-as-you-like cold buffet breakfast. The breakfast room along with all the public areas were clean and tidy. We had a large two-queen beds size room which was nice, with a view of the Empire State building from the window.	
Feb 29 2008 	OK Hotel - Poor Front Desk	This hotel was convenient, nice breakfast for a quickie, reasonable cost and close to the hospital where my mom was staying. I was in NYC for family medical reasons and the hospital had a listing of several hotels in the area. I called every one of them and finally picked this hotel. I got a price quote for the five nights and it was faxed pretty quickly. I arrived on a Friday and before I went to my room, I asked Ela at the desk how much it would cost to upgrade the room to two beds. I was told $20 dollars. I said fine when my Dad comes to NYC he can share a room rather than getting his own. By Sunday I asked Preya for the room upgrade and the price went up to $60 more. I said that is not I was quoted and thought to wait the next night. Monday I asked the nice guy Henry or Harry and he gave me the upgrade for $20. Tuesday went to the hospital for the day and came back with my dad. Went to the room and it was locked out. Came back to the desk and Preya said I didn't sign out in time and they were holding my bags. I asked for the manager and she said she was the manager. She said the price is $60 more. I told her I was quoted twice by two others and the extra cost is $20. She said since I am signing in without reservations the price went up. I told her she increased the price two days before and I had reservations. She eventually got me the real manager and he was not helpful either. I paid the difference since I had no where to go with an 82 year old parent standing in a hallway waiting to get our belongings. Ela and Henry or Harry whatever his name was, was nice and polite. I will never forget the rude and uncaring manager(s) and I will contact the hospital to let them know about the inconsistencies within their own group. I understand prices change every day but to change and flip flop on charges every other day with the same person is rather suspicious.	
Feb 29 2008	Great place to stay good restaurants nearby too!	If you're looking for a place to stay that is reasonably priced, with clean rooms and friendly staff, then this is the place for you! I'd had a very bad NY hotel experience in the past but this one is great. We didn't have to wait long to check in, we were given a list of the hotel's amenities and the wifi is also free which was great. The bed was also very comfy - perfect for when you're trying to adjust to a different time zone and we loved the coffee maker with proper filter coffee. We were greeted everytime we went in and out of the hotel which was nice and something you don't get from a bigger hotel. We could even see the Chrysler building from our hotel room window. My only niggle was that there was only one lift as the other wasn't working but that's minor really. There were loads of restaurants around and the Italian one next door is superb. The Ramada also has a good selection of leaflets in their foyer about what to do in the city including money off vouchers if you go to the Rockerfeller building. If you're after a good bar as well, I'd recommend &quot;The Watering Hole&quot; on 106 East 19th Street. If I'm lucky enough to go back to New York, then I'll definitely be staying here.	
Feb 27 2008 	no bed bugs (in room 1009)	We were trying hard but couldn’t find any bed bugs (see earlier review). Rather, we found the Ramada Inn Eastside a pleasant place to be. The room and the bathroom were clean and everything worked well – including the wifi on the 10th floor. I thought that the mattress was a bit soft but then I am usually sleeping on a futon, so that’s a very subjective judgement. We found the staff friendly, competent, and helpful. Somewhat annoying was the fact that there was only one lift working during the three days of our stay. But staff at the front desk told us that safety is paramount and they weren’t happy with the other lift in this respect. I certainly wouldn’t criticise such an attitude. The location is good – my friend was happy to walk to his office on East 43rd Street. The subway station is only one block away. The rate ($129 per night) seemed good value for money as I can imagine a lot of places in Manhattan are being more expensive and less comfortable. All in all, I would certainly check the hotel again for my next trip to NYC.	
Feb 26 2008 	Perfect for a quick trip to NYC	Some hotels you visit because you want to luxuriate in the hotel experience. Others you stay at because they are clean, affordable, safe ways to visit a city. The Ramada is definitely the latter, and it was just perfect. It's two blocks from a parking garage (they validate--still expensive to park, but way cheaper than parking anywhere else!)--two blocks from the 6 train, and near plenty of places to grab a bite. I stayed with my two little ones, and we were quite comfortable. The room was small, but plenty big enough for the three of us. Quite clean. Quite comfortable. The complimentary breakfast in the morning was pretty decent. Lots of selections--yogurt, bagels, hardboiled eggs, donuts, cereals, waffles, breads--plus of course juices and coffee. The only downside was the nastiest look I got from the guy stocking the room when I accidentally dropped my coffee cup. The guy shot daggers at me! The only other interaction I had with a staff member was at the front desk, and she was a very pleasant woman who noticed that I was accidentally booked into a smoking room and she quickly fixed it for me. I'd definitely stay here again. The price was just right and I felt safe and comfy.	
Feb 10 2008 	I love this hotel!!	I love this hotel.I've been to Ny a few times and even if I try new hotels I always end up at Ramada Inn.I've been to this hotel alone sometimes or with my boyfriend.I think the location is great, it's not really far from things, if you like to walk there are many attractions at a walking distance(5-7 blocks away) or if you want you can just ride a cab what is usually not expensive considering most places are not far at all...And it's great cause it's a great neighborhood, there are many restaurants nearby but still it's not that crowded or noisy.Honestly the rooms are small, but I've seen much smaller in NY. It's small but still big enough(I always come with 2 giant packages).The rooms are very clean and comfortable, also the views are great. And the maids are all very nice too, as someone else already mentioned.I feel at home here!The people from the front desk were not exactly friendly but they were pretty efficient.There are many services included, such as free internet service, free phone calls for all over the US, free breakfast(and it's a nice breakfast!!!).The TV has a good size too, and cable is free.I've been to other hotels where I paied a little cheaper but had to pay crazy prices for TV, internet ,breakfast, phone...it's just not worth it!And the average price I pay when i stay is $130 dollars, and this is a good price for Manhattan and for everything you get here.So I highly recommend this hotel!Camila S.	
Feb 2 2008 	great value hotel	Stayed here for a week due to a family emergency in NY. The hotel is great value - lovely free continental breakfast, free internet access, free daily newspaper, free local calls from room and answermachine. The beds are very comfortable although there is traffic noise which is expected everywhere in a major city. The staff are very friendly. Outside there are many restaurants and diners. 5 mins walk to Empire State building, Macys, Broadways etc. Get a weekly travel pass for $24 each bought in subway for buses/tube this saves fortune as taxis can be expensive.Highly recommended if you are on a buget - we paid £500in January which is pretty reasonable for 2 in queen sized room. Has TV satellite - ensuite bathroom,pay movies or use of nintendo.	
Jan 18 2008 	Decent place in manhattan	Stayed in this hotel over Christmas period. Although the front staff was rude and unfriendly, this hotel is centrally located with the subway only 5 minutes away. Great rate in central manhattan. The area seems to be a little India so lots of indian and other types of restaurants around. Wouldn't walk around too much in the night time though - dubious characters here and there in the area. We took a standard room which was very small but since it was just a place to stay, I didn't mind. Overall, decent as long as one does not have to deal too much with the sour faced receptionist.	
Jan 7 2008	Ok for the price	Payed about 180USD per night here which seemed ok.I thought it was ok but not great.Try to get a room on a higher floor, say above floor 7 since there should be less noise and the lower floors seemed less fresh (a friend stayed there). Also, try and get a room facing the side street (30th I think) with less traffic.Rooms are kind of small but neat. Breakfast lousy and service snobbish NY-style.	
Jan 5 2008	Great rates great location nice staff adequate room	OUTSTANDING rates (about $140/night AARP) for midtown NYC. Location is in residential area - you can walk around like a local in a less frenzied atmosphere. Subway and Bus stops a short walk away. Very nice staff overcomes tiny, cramped rooms - but you're not going to stay in the room day and night. Rooms are close to each other (a bit noisy if you have inconsiderate neighbors) and 'clean enough' to get by. Wonderful restaurant right across the street: Penelope's - inexpensive good food, breakfast, lunch, &amp; dinner but cash only, no reservations. Book through Ramada or applecorehotels websites for discounted rates.	
Dec 6 2007	Nicer than I expected	I stayed here for one night on a recent trip to New York. The last New York Ramada I stayed in (on 34th Street) was horrible, so I was a bit nervous about trying this one. The building looks kind of old from the outside, but it turned out to be quite nice inside. My room had two beds so it had plenty of room for just one person. It had the usual array of amenties--coffee maker, hair dryer, iron. Everything was clean. There is a business center with Internet access that you can use for free, as well as free breakfast. The people at the front desk were friendly. The location on the corner of Lexington and 30th is a few blocks from the subway. That particular corner is relatively quiet so there isn't much noise from the street.I had accumulated enough points through one of my rewards programs to get a free night here. But the standard rate is $250, which is too expensive for me. I would stay here again if I could get a better rate.	
Nov 1 2007 	I really loved this hotel.	This hotel is great. The location is fantastic. Away from all the tourist crowds and in a great neighborhood.Most of the staff isn't &quot;friendly&quot;, but were generally helpful (and c'mon. it's New York!). But the maid was delightful. She would be singing somewhat quietly but cheerfully in the mornings. Always said &quot;Hello!&quot;, was careful not to invade your room when you didn't want to be disturbed, and her demeanor was a pleasant way to start the day.The rooms are smallish, but great for New York. And the view was spectacular. Our room was on the 12th (highest) floor. I loved laying in bed and being able to see into the city. The (FREE!) breakfast was fantastic!!! So many options. Cereal, bagels, breads, donuts (real donuts. Like fresh from the bakery donuts). They had a separate cooler unit with yogurt and, get this, Red Bull (both regular and sugar free). The coffee was always burned, but there's a cute little cafe next door w/ great coffee and fabulous vanilla lattes. Free wireless internet. Nice closet. Good desk space. Again, small by most other standards, but very decent for New York. Small workout space, but at least it existed. The architecture and layout of the building was so quaint and classic. My biggest complaint, of course, has to be the price. But it's pretty average for New York, so I can't dock it too much for that. I would totally stay here again. Wish it were a bit cheaper, but if you're coming to NY, it's kind of what to expect.	
Oct 30 2007	Not Too Bad...	I was in town for a convention at the Javits Center 10/21-26 and stayed here as the best option @ a AAA rate of $246 a night. Having an MTA bus/rail schedule I knew that by walking 4 blocks you can catch the M34 crosstown bus directly to the convention center (17 min). It also passes Penn station, so I purchased a 7 day unlimited metro local bus/rail pass upon arrival for $24 and proceeded to get off at the Lexington St. stop. Buses run about every 10 minutes. Local metro transportation options are easy and the hotel has MTA maps and numerous brochures. The Murray Hill Deli @ Lexington and 34th is the best option for sandwiches/beverages/sundries etc.I Checked-in @ 8:45PM and presented my TripRewards card and Id, however when presented with the invoice, noticed that I was being charged at a higher than my AAA rate reserved through the website. I questioned why my rate had changed and she said because I hadn't showed my AAA membership card. I countered &quot;you never asked for it&quot;, and showed my card (she made a photocopy) and reservation copy, at which point she changed the rate. During this process I noticed that they have a sign behind the desk about 8 feet high (I'm 6'3), stating that you must present AAA or other discount ID upon check-in to obtain that rate. Not a very classy methodology in my opinion.This is a charming, small, older renovated hotel, in the Murray Hill residential neighborhood, with about 10-15 rooms per floor. I reserved a double queen and was initially given room 1101. Unfortunately, after a few minutes I realized that the floor was wet for about 2 meters outside of the bath, and remembering another sign on the wall at check-in, regarding immediately reporting water leaks; I went straightly to the front desk and was promptly assigned to room 601. Both rooms are in the left back corner of the hotel with a view over some lower buildings and through the alley to the street, however very quiet.The room was small as always in NYC, and contained the two beds and a chair next to the one window. The Tempurpedic beds were comfortable, however I noticed the already occurring inward sag towards the middle with one. The bathroom is small and configured so that you have to close the door to sit on the toilet, which was a little annoying. However, there is a phone in the bathroom and the &quot;Arc&quot; shower curtain providing more space in the combo tub. I had some problems with the CATV and lost all channels for parts of one night and ESPN only another. The hotel free WiFI worked great and after once inputting the login/password (obtained from the desk) recognized me for the week. An open LinkSys network is also available.The room was clean and the service good. The hotel contains a small gym with solely 3 pieces of aerobic equipment. There is also a public gym located 2 blocks away. The continental breakfast is pretty good as they go, although they need to splurge for some new double toasters, as one has a sign saying &quot;don't use&quot; (one side works according to the attendant) and the other works intermittently. On my fourth day my room key no longer worked and I had to get another from the desk. The next day that key no longer worked and I got another from the desk. I immediately went to my room and that key also did not work. Subsequently, a hotel staff member escorted me to the room with a new one that did work. I tried unsuccessfully to explain the possible need for some new room keys (limited useful life of the magnetic strip) to the young receptionist during my check-out.	
Oct 24 2007 	Inexpensive But Make Sure You Confirm If Arriving Late	The hotel is quite basic. The location is unremarkable. There are no real attractions nearby. If you go to the top floor, you can get a view of the Empire State Building which is about 6 blocks away. You need to walk a few blocks to get to a subway station.The only negative experience was the check-in. We arrived after midnight. We had advised the hotel of this by both email and phone days before. When we arrived, the night manager said they had cancelled our reservation and wanted to charge us a higher walk-in rate. Fortunately, my wife had a copy of our email and the manager finally agreed to give us a room at the original rate. We ended up with a lower floor room which faced a brick wall of the neighbouring property.The price was very reasonable. We had booked last minute and it was difficult to find an inexpensive hotel with all the days that we needed. (Part of our New York stay was at the Radio City Apartments which we would highly recommend; see Tripadvisor review). The continental breakfast was included and was more than adequate. One other bonus, I was able to pickup a free wifi signal so I did not have to pay for the hotel internet.	
Sep 20 2007	Fantastic	We stayed 5 nights here and loved it - location was great ~ 20 blocks to Times square, but 2 blocks from subway station. Hotel staff were not all that welcoming, but the room, although small was everything we needed, bug-free and clean. The room was very quiet as well.We did not want to pay more than $200/night and from what I hear this hotel is probably the best value for that price range.Good sized bathroom, but toilet didn't flush all that well. Complimentary continental breakfast was nice. AMAZING indian food 2 blocks down called Curry in a Hurry, a few times we just ordered it and ate back in our room.	
Sep 17 2007 	Basic but good	I booked this hotel with a little trepidation because it's been at least 20 years since I had a good experience with a Ramada Inn. Usually they're a bit shabby. However, all the usual mid-range hotels I like to stay at (Courtyard, Hampton) were either booked solid or $600/night, so I gave this one a shot.This hotel is pretty good. It's not luxury, but the room was spotless, the furnishings recent, the Tempurpedic bed was comfortable, and the room was fairly quiet once you turned on the air conditioning. I have no real complaints.Like pretty much everything in New York, this is an older building that has been refurbished. I had a room with one queen bed, which was a little claustrophobic, but the closet was big enough to put my luggage in there so I wouldn't trip over it.WiFi Access is free and works well. (Call the front desk to get the password to login.)The shower controls are a little tricky. As you turn the knob at first, it goes from cold to lukewarm to no water, back to cold-ish. If you stop at the lukewarm before you hit the spot where the water stops, you'll get a surprise when the water heats up! The trick is to open the valve all the way and wait for the water to heat - it will be cold at first, but will be perfect in a couple of minutes. I'm not sure if every room is like this, but it's what I experienced in mine.The neighborhood is great - very residential. You feel like you're living in New York walking through this neighborhood, not like you're a tourist.The hotel serves a free continental breakfast if you want to carbo load on bagels, donuts, and cereal. There is a coffee shop next door to the lobby that serves eggs, and the excellent Murray Hill Diner is a couple of blocks away on Lex if you'd like something else.I'd stay here again. I'm still a little skittish on Ramada Inns in general, but this is a good one.	
Sep 12 2007 	Good hotel + location and a good price	If you looking for a hotel in New York that's not going to break the bank then this hotel has everything you would need for your stay.Ensuite rooms, a good continental breakfast, friendly staff, internet access and within walking distance to all the major sites.We would stay here again	
Aug 13 2007 	Ramada Inn Eastside..	The Hotel was average at Best. Location was not too bad from Times Square about a 15 Minute Taxi Ride in the evening. The staff was luke warm and unfriendly at times but other times they were fine. My last morning I notice a rodent baite station next to the Heating/AC unit. I did not see any signs of rodents in the room but I was not happy to see the baite station in the room. The Ramada Inn's Wireless connection is very poor, I was able to make it work for an hour each morning and then like clock work it would cut out. There is Telephone Tech Support for their inhouse Wireless Network, when I called they would reboot their server and it would work for a short time but then cut off. I was on vacation so it maybe have been fate.. But if you need to be connected don't count on their Wireless connection. The elevators are small but hey you don't spend a lot of time in the Elevators.. All in all I would probably look for another Hotel next time to NYC but if I could not find a reasonble hotel somewhere else, I would **PROBABLY** stay at the RAMADA Inn once again.. Good Luck!!!	
Jul 30 2007 	Awise choice in NY!	There are very few hotels in NYCity costing about 200 dollars or less. Some of those didn´t have en suite bathroom, some of them didn´t include breakfast and some of them seemed cheap but tax has to be added to the bill. The Ramada Inn had all of the above included so I decided that considering NY price level, this has to be a good offer (224 usd for 1 night).Location: 3/5It is situated at the East Side very close to the Empire State Building. The taxi ride from the bus station to the hotel costs about 8 dollars and from the Carnegie Deli 11 dollars. There are 3 buses stopping on the other side of the street and at least 1 of them can take you to Harlem and Chinatown on the other end of the route.The room 4/5The room was very clean but smallish. Just ok.The bed was excellent as they invested in some special mattreses that are very nice. But the mattres alone can´t do it and the room had air condition. This setting provided me with some of the best sleep I ever had. I didn´t notice any disturbing noice.The bathroom 4/5Again, very clean and the water preassure was excellent. Breakfast:3/5It was ok with yogurt, cereals, pancakes, donuts and fresh fruit. They have also energizer drinks too!. Not bad at all...The staff: 2/5They weren´t rude but they looked like if they didn´t care if I was standing in front of them or not. They took care of my suitcase so all in all I will not complain that much. The room matters more to me...All in all I would say that you simply can´t go wrong with this budget hotel. It even has a fitness room so, once again, 224 usd doesn´t seem a high price.Best regardsOscar from Denmark :-)	
Jul 19 2007 	For the Price and Location It's Fine	The property is fine for the price and the location. If you are not too choosy and just want an inexpensive location to sleep at night with a decent, free breakfast in the morning, this property is fine. The property also has a Brazilian coffee shop attached to the lobby.	
Jul 10 2007 	Good	The room was clean &amp; functional. Worth its price !	
Jun 24 2007 	Ok if you can get a good rate	I stayed there in june during the week for 4 nights. I chose the Ramada because on weekdays most hotels with 3 or 4 stars were 400-600$ a night this period. The room (king bed) was clean, so was the bathroom. A friend of mine stayed in a room with queen bed, the room was very small and I wouldn't recommend it for two persons.The room was simple but ok, the mattress was very good. Complimentary internet (although I think that's only for king-rooms) was very convenient, so was the complimentary breakfast (fruit, yoghourt, donuts, bread, juices, coffee, ...).I'm giving the ramada inn eastside only a two out of five because I think the room certainly wasn't worth the 214$ a night I paid. If you can get a rate around 100$ or a bit more I would recommend it.	
Jun 21 2007	Good value BUT overcharged and not offered a refund	I would be writing a favorable review about my stay in Feb (clean, good location) but I recently sent friends there and had a bad experience. I booked rooms through my travel agent and sent friends there with reservations that said $161 per night. The hotel charged almost a HUNDRED dollars more and would NOT issue a refund. Leaves a nasty taste in the mouth... I am not sure if this is happening to online bookers as well...	
Jun 19 2007 	Expectations Met and Exceeded	We stayed at this hotel for four nights in June 2007. The lobby and room were clean, and there was surprisingly little noise at night. Another unexpected plus: the Temperpedic bed. The hotel staff was friendly and responded promptly to our requests. Our expectations were met and exceeded for a hotel of this class. The location was also good. We walked to the UN, Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Bryant Park, and Fifth Avenue shopping.	
May 29 2007 	Very good value for New York City	My husband and I stayed at the Ramada Eastside from May 8-11, 2007 during a time in New York City when hotel rates were astronomical and availability was limited. We were able to book a room with two queen beds at the AAA rate for a little over $200 per night when most other hotels were charging $400 per night or more. We arrived at the hotel at 10:00 a.m. prepared to store our luggage until check-in time, but to our surprise we were able to check in to our room immediately. Our nonsmoking room was very clean and quiet (even though the room was located close to the elevator). The room was not fancy but quite spacious and functional (with free wireless high-speed internet access). The Tempurpedic beds were a new experience and surprisingly comfortable. The hotel has an arrangement for parking with a garage located on East 32nd Street (2 blocks away) for $20 per night. The complimentary continental breakfast was adequate with plenty of fresh coffee (most important to me at breakfast time) and bagels, doughnuts, cold cereal, yogurt and basic fresh fruit (apples and bananas). (There is a wonderful little luncheonette located two blocks away on 28th Street (between Lexington and Third) called Stop 28 that serves very tasty hot breakfasts at reasonable prices.) We also stayed at the Ramada Eastside in April of 2006 in a king room. The room was clean, quiet and functional, but very small.	
May 27 2007 	Great location newly remodeled	This is a great hotel for the price. The rooms are newly remodeled and the staff was very nice and helpfull. Great location to everything there is a subway just two blocks away on 28th street. And the breakfest is a plus, a great start to your morning, and they have a bussiness center right across from the breakfest room which is another plus. The area is mostly residential which made me feel safe.	
May 21 2007 	Great value in mid-town	I have stayed at this hotel few times. Great value in a safe area. There are few Indian and Tibetan restaurant nearby. Expect to pay less than half of what you would pay nearby.Little trivia... I am absolutely convinced that the outside shot of this hotel was used as the hotel in Tom Hank's movie,the Terminal, in which he plays the Russian tourist who gets stranded at the Airport in New York.	
May 10 2007	Excellent Value	This travel snob was very impressed with the value for the money. I only stayed here because almost all hotels were booked in the city on my travel dates, and the only other reasonably priced rooms were in higher-rated rooms that got terrible reviews. The Ramada was clean, bathroom was recently updated, and the breakfast was a nice addition. The sheets are a little thin and the towels small, but I would still recommend the hotel without reservation.	
May 4 2007 	For the price it's a great value	Evidently, it's gotten a lot more expensive to stay in the city since I was in NYC the last time (2001). Hotel rooms are commonly hard to find, especially when the Tribeca Film Festival and Yankees-Red Sox are going on the same weekend. We luckily were able to secure a room at the Ramada Eastside at 30th &amp; Lexington. Three blocks away is the 28th Street subway stop for the 6 train, which will get you to Grand Central and from there just about anywhere in the city you will want to go. The rooms are nothing special, but they are clean and have very comfortable beds, which it appears they are about done replacing. Continental breakfast and free internet in their business center are pluses. There is a connecting coffee shop off the hotel lobby and a decent Italian restaurant right next door to the North (Trattoria Belvedere). Another good restaurant is Les Halles, which is about two blocks away on Park Ave South. We found the location of this hotel to be good, especially since we couldn't find any other hotel rooms available for less than $350 a night. I would stay there again if I couldn't get a room through Priceline.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great	We stayed at the Ramada Inn 30th and lex in Manhattan. It was me my wife and three kids. The room was large with two queens and a roomy bathroom. The location is great. Quiet at night and centally located. A great Itailan rest across the street as well as a great Chinese/ suishi joint next door to the Itailian place. We ate at both places and it was reasonable, both kid friendly.Best part of stay was the new temper-pedic mattresses( next bed I get will be one) and the free breakfast! Bagels, cereal, juice, toast, yogurt, waffles Kids loved it and it all tastes great when free. 189.00 a night room was spacious and clean. Only problem we had is the morning we left no hot water they were having a problem. BED BUGS IS BULL*****. I read it on another review. I am hard on hotesl and restaurants, hard to please, but I cannot complain about the Ramada or restaurants across the street	
Mar 28 2007 	It's fine it's clean and very easy on the wallet!	We stayed at the Ramada Inn Eastside from March 22nd to March 27th. The price was the lowest I could find in Manhattan for a Murray Hill hotel room with its own bath (179-189 a night). The hotel staff seemed nice, the hotel lobby was very clean (in fact the hotel hallways smell kind of like bleach), and the room was just fine. Remember, this is the Ramada Inn, not the W Hotel, so don't expect lots of space or luxury. But do expect a smallish room (about the size of a typical American bedroom) with a very comfortable bed, a TV in an armoire, desk and chair, night tables, lamps, iron, blow dryer, phone, coffee maker, shampoos, several towels, etc. And a generous free breakfast is served on the lower level each morning. For the price, you could do a lot worse than this solidly middle class hotel! This was a safe and comfortable place. And there were absolutely no bugs! Believe me, I checked this out thoroughly after being terrified by reading reviews after I'd booked the room. The only complaint I had was that the ceramic tiles in the bathroom need to be regrouted as the grout looks kind of stained as years go by, which is not a big deal, just not appealing to look at. There is nowhere to put anything in the bathroom--any little shelf would have been nice. I couldn't put anything on top of the toilet tank because it was slanted, and the little pedestal sink had no room to put anything down. So the hotel management should consider adding a little shelves to the bathrooms. Other than that, this was a fine place to stay for the money.	
Mar 20 2007 	Very clean gracious staff will stay again	We just returned from an 8-night stay here. The room was very clean, and we were comfortable the whole time. The weather outside went from 70F the start of the week, to 25F near the end. The room was always comfortable, and we hardly even had to turn on the heat/AC. The rooms are not huge, but we stayed with two kids, and had plenty of space. The building is not new, but seems to be maintained well, and they have clearly done a lot of work lately (new mattresses, carpets, paint, fixtures). The breakfast is normal continental fair, but was a huge money saver. Toast, bagels, donuts, oatmeal, juices, fresh fruit, yogurt, coffee/ energy drinks. Eat well, 'cause the rest of your day in NYC will cost a lot!The staff were all very courteous. Maids were friendly and trustworthy. A plugged toilet was fixed in less than 5 minutes.We will stay here again.PS As a first-time visitor to NYC, EVERY stereotype I had was shattered. Sure, I saw a drunk on the subway, but nothing like what I expected. Everyone was very cordial and helpful. I felt much safer here, than in Chicago or LA. Of course, you have to be aware of your surroundings, but relax and enjoy yourself!	
Mar 19 2007 	Great value and pleasant staff!	I stayed here with my wife and two young children over St. Patrick's day weekend. Overall we were very pleased with our stay. Our room with two queen beds was larger than expected (I understand that some of the single bed rooms are very small), the hotel was very clean, the Continental breakfast was excellent, the staff was courteous and helpful, and the location is very good. This hotel is a good value and I would consider staying here again.The only real negative is that there is no onsite parking (there is a discounted public garage 2 blocks away), and to unload our vehicle we had to double-park in front of the hotel. However, this was a minor inconvenience in the grand scheme of things and it is generally expected in New York city.	
Mar 17 2007	Best Hotel on Eastside of NY	I have stayed at the Ramada Inn Eastside on numerous occasions. Ramada is an excellent hotel. The hotel is spotless. The accommodations are Superior! The people are Outstanding! 5-STARS!	
Mar 12 2007 	great location great price	I just returned from a trip to NYC and a stay at both the Ramada Eastside and the W hotel-Union Square. For the record, I have stayed at this Ramada two times before (in the span of the last two years) and did not have any of the negative experiences as mentioned in other travelers' posts. I was very pleased with the new memory foam mattress in my room at the Ramada, it was actually more comfortable than the mattress at the W! I do also want to mention, that the rooms at the Ramada are small, and the decor is a little worn, but for the price, you can't beat it! The location is central to everything and in my opinion, it is a extra added bonus that it is located in a mainly -residential area. I will also echo the sentiments of earlier posts about the Brasil Coffee shop and the Trattoria Belvedere next door. Both were outstanding! Especially the Trattoria!! The owner was very gracious considering the fact that we were a party of 8 (including two children) with no reservation - we were seated immediately!! The food was spectacular - this coming from a family of italians! Be sure to visit if you can, and leave room for the homemade Tiramisu - it's on the house!	
Mar 7 2007	Clean and comfortable rooms.	Visiting from Canada, staying at the Ramada Inn hotel in New York , 161 Lexington was a wonderful and new experience. It offers the best breakfast, fitness center, room services and clean rooms. The rooms offered new temper pedic beds it was very comfortable and health to experience. This vacation was much better than the other hotels I ever visited in all my years of traveling. But what I really liked was the location of the hotel, located next to the best Brazilian coffee shop and shopping areas.  Over all the experience was a joy and a lovely trip. I would recommend this hotel to any of my boss and family member. I was an excellent and way to enjoy a vacation hotel. Aftab Shaid from Canada	
Feb 27 2007 	Update on Beds Bugs and Broom Sticks	I stayed at the hotel from 21st of Feb till 23rd. The hotel was clean and well run. The hotel has replaced every single matress and has been cleaned from tip to toe, in January, you'll see that the negative posts are from people that stayed there in November. After reading the posts I had a sleepless night, the night before I was due to arrive in New York, Im from London, UK. Anyway I was really tired, and without anywhere to go late at night I arrived at the hotel. The staff were really nice when I asked if I could pre inspect the room for bugs before I moved in. The staff did not complian but took me to the room where i proceeded to remove the bedding sheets and check every nook and crany of the room (which is a little small but not claustrphobic) I did not find any bugs or even signs of bugs. So I would happily stay there again. I beleive the hotel when they say that they cleaned the place in Jan, Bed bugs are a common problem in many hotels because patrons bring them in so clearing bugs is a constant battle. But the room was clean the breakfast is ample and tasty, the staff are pleasent, the guests are middle class, clean and i had a great experiance, If you are comming by car use the icon parking because they have a special deal which the hotel can explain, it will save you some money. I thought i would put the record straight.	
Feb 26 2007 	A decent stay at a great price	My wife and I stayed here this past weekend. Overall, it was a fairly good stay for the price (we paid $139 per night for 2 nights). The room was small but clean, although the elevator had a strange aroma. The staff was ... average. Definitely not rude, but indifferent, as if they didn't really care that we were staying with them. The location was quiet and central to much of Manhattan. As others have said, the coffee house next door is fantastic. One caution if you are driving into NYC and planning to park: the parking garage, although close, had an incredibly rude attendant. Not only could I not understand what the angry gentleman was saying, but he literally peeled out in my car as he pulled it around for us to get in. I *think* he was mad because I didn't tip him, but I normally don't tip for rudeness. ;)	
Feb 8 2007 	Once bitten.....twice bitten....three times bitten then we lost count	My partner Colin and I were bitten badly whilst staying at in the Ramada Eastside in New York between the 8th and 13th of November and the response that we received from management when we complained about the same was totally unacceptable.During the first two nights we received a number of bites to our legs and lower torsos. We could not be sure that these happened in the room until on the third night we noticed small dark creatures in the bedding. We were absolutely horrified and at approximately midnight Colin went downstairs to reception to request that something be done about it and that we were movedto another room (although we would have preferred to be moved to another hotel if I'm honest!).At reception Colin was given a can of &quot;Raid&quot; fly spray and told to spray it around the room. When he said that this was not good enough I understand that the manager was contacted via telephone and told a member of staff to change the sheets in our room. So Colin arrived back and sprayed the bed and carpet with &quot;Raid&quot; and then a member of staff turned up with clean sheets which Colin helped him to put on the bed. Alas this did not seem to do the trick as we were bitten some more before the night was through.The next morning we were given a new room and had to move all of our belongings. We were told that had to wait until the next day (Monday) to speak to Victor, the manager, to see what could be done for us. That night Colin and I felt rather unwell, a bit sick to be honest. We read the instructions on the can of &quot;Raid&quot; and discovered that it was poisonous and if it came into contact with the skin medical advice should be sought. And this we had been told to spray in the room and on our bed! The next morning, when Victor was finally located he took us into his office and called in a man who was seemingly some sort of pest controller. He told us that he had been to the room and nothing could be found but this was not to say there wasn't a problem. He and Victor confirmed that another guest had complained of the same thing within the last two months but they just couldn't find what the problem was. I was rather stressed at this point and told him I was worried about the &quot;Raid&quot;especially since I am pregnant. He asked what we would like him to do for us and we said we didn't know as we are not the sort of people to complain usually but this was all just too much. He offered 10% off one night's stay at the hotel which we told him was not acceptable as we had put up with three nights in a bug ridden room. He said that he could not offer anymorethan this so we asked him for details of someone to complain to. He tried to give us his own business card which we did not accept and then the name of someone who worked in the reservations department. At this point we said we would look on the internet and find the company's formal complaints procedure. He then said he would call his manager and see what more could be done. A few hours later we contacted him and were told that the best that could be done for us was 20% off one night's stay and reimbursement for insect repellent andantihistamines that we'd had to buy. We were so fed up at this point that we accepted - we just wanted to get home to be honest. We complained via the company website and requested adequate compensation for our experience and assurances that the same thing will not happen again to other guests. They would not offer us anything else so I emailed the Chief Executive via his blog but we have heard nothing.So to summarise we would say AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS. New York is a fabulous city but our experience of it was tainted somewhat by what happened at the Ramada Eastside.	
Feb 7 2007	Beware The Bed Bugs Dont Bite	I stayed at this hotel for three nights, the accomodation was of an average standard comparable to a UK Travelodge except with the addition of bed bugs/ mites. I left the hotel covered in bites and with the fear my luggage had also been infested. I believe other budget hotels would be of the same if not better standard but without insects sharing your room.	
Feb 5 2007	Brilliant!	I'm a few months late with my review but I loved the hotel!Fair enough it wasn't the Waldorf but it met our requirements!Thought everything looked really clean and tidy until the last day when we were looking under the bed and found a condom wrapper which was disapointing.Loved the breakfasts - managed to put on 10lb in 5 days with all those doughnuts! It was enough to keep you going nearly till tea time.Thought the staff on reception were very helpful and also the week day breakfast and room cleaning staff were very friendly indeed!Loved the Murray Hill diner just up the road - very popular on sunday mornings!The location was great we were quite handy for most things and all the walking helped burn off the calories from the breakfast!!This is a great place for tourists who are wanting a 'base' to sleep.	
Jan 20 2007 	What a find	Easy check in.  No view considering we wanted a smoking room and only the 4th and 5th floors are for smoking. We really weren't in the room all that much. Clean room and bathroom. Great water pressure for shower (Watch out for that step into the bathroom). No complaints regarding the slow elevator (Maybe they are reading the reviews and stepped it up a bit?)Italian restaurant next door (Trattoria Belvedere) was awesome. The owner was on premises and introduced himself to us and we also received a complimentary glass of Italian desert wine with our coffee. The service was wonderful. The food was incredible!!!!Deli down the street open 24 hours (what a godsend). Anticipating my next excursion to NY and would definitely book this hotel again!!!	
Jan 14 2007 	Fine if you don't mind bug bites!	My company booked me in this hotel while I looked for an apartment. Like another reviewer, the room felt like a sauna when I walked in. I called the front desk and asked about air conditioning since it would only blow hot air... after telling me, &quot;You don't need air conditioning,&quot; they sent someone up to &quot;fix it,&quot; and by that, I mean they sent someone to open a window... which I didn't close during my entire stay (5 nights). Anyway, that was only a minor inconvenience. The reason why I departed early from what should have been a 3-week stay was that I was being eaten alive by bed bugs or spiders or something while I was sleeping. I was bitten 3 nights out of the 5 I was there... on the last night, I incurred 6 bites. I'm more allergic than most to bug bites, so they swelled to welts about 4&quot; in diameter. It was quite unpleasant and made a great impression to my new co-workers at my new job. The hotel said they've never had such a problem... but the proof is undeniable, and I do have some lovely photos that I am not going to post at this time. But they exist. It's been a week and two days since I switched hotels... I have been bite-free ever since I left, so I'm pretty sure that all the little critters are still looking for another arm to bite at the great Ramada Eastside.I wasn't going to post reviews online, but Victor, the manager, has decided to not return my calls-- even though the front desk encouraged that I talk to him with my complaints. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to ANYONE. It's cheap for a reason.	
Jan 3 2007 	A real find in New York	I spent two nights here in late December 2006. This is a very reasonably priced hotel for Manhattan. I booked a single and the room with double bed and TV was small but sufficient and with a spacious and clean private bathroom. Free buffet continental breakfast was excellent with fruit (oranges, apples, bananas), orange and apple juice, yogurt, bagels, donuts, pancakes, cream cheese, peanut butter, jam, cereal (muesli and corn flakes), coffee, tea, cappucino.	
Jan 1 2007 	Happiness in the Big Apple	Our family of four (incl. two teenagers) was looking for 'economical' accomodations for a few days around Christmas in Manhatten. After looking at numerous websites and lots of reviews, I decided on the Ramada. We've never been to New York City before, so it was a bit of a shot in the dark, but overall I was very pleased. One note on price. After getting over the relative high price of all NYC hotels, after booking the Ramada the price quoted, despite listing 4 total people on the reservation, was the 'single' price. The actual price for four was about $30 more per night. Make sure you double check the rate based on the actual number of people in the room. The hotel location turned out to be nearly ideal. Transit to/from LaGuardia was fairly painless, even leaving on a Friday afternoon. The hotel sits at 30th and Lexington, about a 5 minute walk from the nearest subway, 10 minutes from the Empire State Building, 15 minutes from Macy's and 20-25 minutes from Times Square. The hotel neighborhood is relatively quiet, with a number of 'hole-in-the-wall' restaurants nearby. We actually had dinner on Christmas night, when we arrived, across the street in a Chinese noodel house (ala The Christmas Story) but our biggest surprise was the quaint Italian restaurant (Trattoria Belvedere) right next store (yellow awning in picture). Moderately priced with a cozy atmosphere, I'd definately recommend this place if you want something good and very close. Our dinner for four, including a bottle of wine, was just over $100...a real bargain for NYC.The hotel itself was about what I expected. The room was small, so with two queen size beds there wasn't much elbow room, but everything was clean and the bathroom looked to be recently renovated. Our room was on the 11th floor, facing opposite 30th street and we barely ever noticed street noise. Could even see the Empire State Building from our window. The free continental breakfast was above average. The dining room and food layout was very clean and well stocked, with an attendant available for any need. The food included donuts, bagels, yogurt, cereal, fruit, microwavable pancakes, and a full range of beverages. Definately a cost-conscious bonus not needing to purchase breakfast everyday. One comment on the coffee. I'm not a coffee drinker, but my wife was less than thrilled with the home brew, but there's a coffee house next door (see picture) so for a buck fifty, you're covered.All in all we were very pleased with the choice, and based on price, would certainly consider returning our next time in the Big Apple.	
Jan 1 2007 	Ramada Eastside Great but Beware the Heating System!	Trip Advisor, once again, led us to a very good hotel in New York City. This one is exactly as described on Trip Advisor. $147 a night in late December! You cannot beat the price here. It was also clean and comfortable with a friendly staff. Even a small workout room and free breakfast. Great location. Close to the subway; close to just about everything in NYC. One word of advice: learn how to operate the heating system. Our room, the first night, felt more like a sauna. We turned the heating system &quot;off&quot; but it was still cranking out the heat. We opened the window, but then had to deal with the sounds of NYC! Anyway, we finally spoke with someone at the front desk. Evidently there is a &quot;valve&quot; on the bottom of the heating unit that should be &quot;closed.&quot; Thanks to Trip Advisor and all who post on this extremely valuable site.	
Dec 26 2006	wouldn't stay again unless prices were extremely high at other hotels	Read about applecore hotels.com in local paper. Prices were very steep at other hotels during Christmas. Read trip advisor reviews. Stayed one night at $242 including taxes. For that time of year, it was okay, but wouldn't recommend during low season. Very tiny rooms, step up to bathroom. Julie, staff member, not so friendly. We couldn't get smoking king, so we took queen even though fellow at desk said king would be ready when we got back. He had left and Julie was there and was very matter a fact that there were NO smoking rooms to begin with. That wasn't the end of the world! It is clean and in a good location and very nice people were staying there. Just be aware it's not at all like regular hotel rooms in NYC. We love the Affinia chain.	
Dec 21 2006 	Very good and reasonable price.	We stayed for five nights during December 2006. OK, so the hotel is basic but is more than satisfactory.After catching the bus into Penn Street Station it was just a short 15 minute walk away. Check in was quick and easy.The room was just large enough and a bit of a squeeze. We found that the heating could not be turned down so it was rather hot in the room. The coffee making facilities weren't great but we managed with the filter machine that was provided.The free continental breakfast was a great start to the day. Again nothing fancy but got you off to a good start. Coffee, bagel, doughnuts, fruit it was all available together with a paper.We also had free internet access in the business room which again was great and we used several times.It's location is great for eating out. Loads of places going up Lexington Avenue to pop in and eat something. The coffee house next door is super. A must. The Italian resturant next door I can also recommend.So to sum up. Great location with just a 20 minute walk to Times Square, reasonable price, clean, friendly and quiet. I will be there again next year for sure.	
Nov 28 2006 	Thank God for the Ramada Eastside!	Trying to find a decent, clean place to stay in NYC that doesnt cost a fortune is always a challenge. We paid $150/night over Thanksgiving--that is a deal! Thank God I had purchased the Frommer NYC guide and it was recommended. We arrived early and were able to check in immediately. The front desk staff was very friendly. Our room was small but clean, comfy and warm. The sheets were immaculate. The bathroom was remodeled and clean. Great water pressure! The maids came daily and restocked our room with clean towels and soap. The continental breakfast (free) was good, bagels, coffee, muffins, even pancakes. There is even a small gym. Super, safe location with everything within walking distance. Great coffee place next door. Thumbs up! I have already recommended this place to my sister and we definitely will stay here again.	
Oct 18 2006 	Great location. Great hotel for the price.	While not overly fancy this hotel was great for our 6 night stay. Check in was quick and when we asked for extra towels and pillows they were delivered when we came back from dinner. The required number of towels were also replaced each day the room was cleaned so we never had to ask twice. The hotel is kept quite clean.Room size: it was a little small but keep in mind there were 4 adult women staying in it. It was large enough for the amount of time we spent there.Breakfast: it was great. There were muffins, bagels, fruit, yogurt and suprisingly waffles and pancakes. For those who were dissapointed in the breakfast your standards are way to high. It is free after all. With all the deli's and coffee shops surrounding the hotel i'm sure you can find a suitable alternative.Location: amazing. walking distance to empire state building and many pubs, restaurants, clubs, etc. It's only about a $7 cab ride to Times Square. I can't say enough good things about the location.There is a coffee house attached to the hotel that has the best vanilla latte and cocamochanut blended drink. Great service. Great coffee.The Italian restaurant on the other side of the hotel was amazing. The waiters were extremely attentive and friendly. The food was spectacular (i had the ravioli). We were so full afterwards none of us ordered dessert but the waiter brought over some fabulous tirimasu &quot;on the house&quot;. it was amazing.I would absolutely stay there again.	
Oct 18 2006 	pleasantly surprised	Stayed for 5 nights from September 25, 2006 and really liked it. My room on the 7th floor had a nice view south and the room was a good size and spotlessly clean. The room was cleaned and restocked early eachday and was ready on a couple of days when I came back at lunchtime. The breakfast downstairs was average for a continental buffet set up at a chain hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful. The location is good eastside a few blocks from 5th Avenue and the Empire State Building. Would stay here again. The only odd thing was that the bathroom was up one step which wasn't a problem for me but could be for some I guess. Great value for the price in New York.	
Oct 9 2006 	SUPER LOCATION	Some friends and I stayed here for my 30th birhday in April 2005. We took the train from Jersey to Penn Station at Madison Sq Gardens. The hotel is very close to everything, MSG, Times Sq, all the shopping, and Empire St Building. There was a deli right across the st for beer, breakfast sandwiches and drinks etc. Subway access about a block away. Easy to grab a cab. I didnt have any complaints about the hotel, we weren't in it much. The room was nice and clean. I would stay here again for the location. with friends, but would find something a little nicer and bigger for family trip.	
Sep 28 2006 	Brilliant Location!!!!	Having arrived at the Ramada Inn Eastside with no luggage as it had not followed us from Chicago and was supposed to come on the next flight, the girl at reception was quick to offer us a pack of toiletries each and direct us to the closest convienience store that was opened!! Quick check in. The rooms are average size but very clean and have air conditioning. Being on the 11th floor we had a great view! The cleaners were in every day of our 5 day trip to make the bed,empty bins,give us new towels and have a general tidy up! I enjoyed the breakfast, with cereals,fruit,bagels,pancakes,waffles,bread to make toast,donuts,tea,coffee and fruit juices, although my boyfriend said he would have prefered a hot breakfast but I def had no complaints!!This hotel is in a brilliant location, minutes from great nightlife, restaurants and shopping in every direction and all the usual siteseeing opportunities!I would definately return to this hotel!!	
Sep 13 2006 	Great location fab views from top floors	The staff weren't exactly friendly, but I can't fault the hotel for any other reason. Great location, and from my room on the 11th floor, fab views downtown. Clean room and comfortable bed, great rate for a midtown hotel and very helpful having breakfast available at no extra cost. Would definitely stay again.	
Aug 28 2006 	It was GREAT!! Excellant location!	We stayed at this hotel during the entire first week of June, 2006. It is in a very good location of Manhattan, close to everything, including the main Subway 6 line. Restaurants galore in the area. Lots to do! The free breakfast every morning was GREAT!! Stay here!!!!	
Jul 2 2006 	Loved this Hotel	This just blows my mind to hear and read all of the negative reveiws. My husband a professional comedian and myself stayed here in Dec, the week of Christmas. I plan on making reservations again in Jan 8-13. I fell in love with the clean simplicity of the hotel. Our room was spotless, We even set a Christmas Tree up in our room and hung stockings. It was home for the week, The staff were incredible. The breakfast was nice. I have read how hot the heat was in the rooms during winter months. We simply opened a window . It was great and cant wait to come back ,. Were making a move to the city shortly. Hey have you seen the flying roaches in FLORIDA? Even the RITZ has bugs. I have personally reccomended this hotel to 20 people and have all stayed. Very Happy with the accomedations. Sorry for those of you that didnt have a good stay .	
Jun 23 2006	Loved the Ramada - slept like a baby - great location - great price	If you read all the other reviews - you will hear stories of bed bugs, old hotel, staff rude and unhelpful, but if you travel often and don't wish to spend a great deal of time in your hotel - and would rather spend the dollars saved on a great dinner - this is the place for you - we never saw any bed bugs and stayed three nights!!!The hotel is in a great location - the breakfast is adequate - the hotel is old - but that adds to it's charm. We found the staff to be very friendly and only too willing to indulge in World Cup Soccer conversation. Please do check out the most excellent coffee shop next door Brasil Coffee house - it is a gem and I cannot stress enough try the Italian restaurant Trattoria Belveder - this is by far one of the most finest italian establishments we have ever frequented. Please do ask them about their specials - the host insisted we try his dessert - which was complimentary - it was all we could do to make it next door and collapse we were so full!!!This location is so close to everything - you will be amazed. For the ladies with tired feet after a day's walking next to the Trattoria - there's an excellent spa - with pedicures for $20 - they even gave a free back massage!!!Have fun!!!!	
Jun 16 2006 	What a dump	I spent a week in this hotel in June and would have moved out immediately if I was able to find anywhere else to stay. The entire hotel and corridors smell mouldy. When checking my room on the final day, I peeked under the bed to make sure nothing had been left behind. I found that I had been sharing my accomodation with a pile of used condoms. They were not mine, and had therefore been there all week. I reported my disgust to the management but the entire response was a mumbled appology. I would never ever recommend this hotel or stay there again.	
Jun 6 2006	Decent choice for the price	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Ramada Inn this past Memorial Day Weekend. Overall the facility was decent. We had a small corner room on the 7th Floor. The room was on the small side but it had all the necessary amenities (tv with remote, radio, lamps, desk, ironing board and iron, hair dryer) and was clean. I was especiallly pleased with the size and condition of the bathroom. The shower control knob was a little loose but that was the only issue with the bathroom. We had a slight problem with the iron (had to jiggle the cord to make it work) and the service could have been friendlier. Since I am from New York I didn't need to interact with the staff frequently but I expect someone from out of town might appreciate better/friendlier service.The biggest problem we had with the room was the presence of bed bugs. I found a big one on the blanket one morning which was disgusting. When I complained to the manager he said these things happen and offered to have the maid flip the mattress and vacum it. I'm not sure either of these things were done but we didn't see anymore bed bugs. Overall I would recommend this hotel for a budget traveler who doesn't plan to spend a lot of time in the room. This hotel has a great location and the price is good. However, I will probably look elsewhere first before staying here again.	
May 11 2006	It's fine	My wife and I stayed here for two nights at the end of April, our favourite hotels and all other well know (and more expensive) being fully booked. We found it a perfectly acceptable place to stay. Rooms are small but clean and comfortable. A good llcation, being neither too noisy or too quite. All in all remarkable value for money and whilst not the standard of hotel that we would normally book into, we were satisfied.	
Apr 30 2006	Quiet and Comfortable	Great hotel for the price and the city. I spent 3 nites here and with my AAA discount the room rate was $140 per nite. Located on the east side, the hotel is a bit off the beaten path. However, the hotel is a short walk to the subway (Lexington line). Or if you prefer, the bellman will quickly hail a cab for you. The rooms are small but comfortable and newly renovated. Room rate included cable TV, some nice views of the city, and free breakfast. Staff is friendly enough (NY standards) with efficient room service. I have found a new favorite place to stay when in Manhattan and it is the Ramada, east side.	
Feb 17 2006	Solid Choice	Good location - friendly and capable staff.Recommended for a traveler seeking great value for $$$.	
Feb 15 2006	Take my breath away	When I came to the Ramada Eastside Hotel, I was expecting a lot less for the price I paid. I have travelled the globe many times over, stayed in hotels around the world and definitely would count this among the few really great experiences I have had. Everyone tried to wow me! Off season prices with 5 star service - what more could one ask.I was pleasantly surprised at the Front Desk's prompt service - they even asked me which way I'd like to face - they had rooms facing North/South on the Avenue as well as street facing, non- smoking ofcourse, and I got a room high up facing the north of Manhattan - beautiful view. The rooms were delightful and sooooo clean - I couldn't find a speck of dust anywhere. The sheets were white and soft and smelled so wonderful after a long flight. When we asked for extra pillows, we were told they were in the closet-which they were. I had my two kids (one girl and one boy)with me and although we had a room with 2 queen beds, we all wanted our own beds, so they sent up a rollaway at a small fee to take care of that problem - all in a matter of minutes. We all drink tea and when we asked, the coffee in the room was promptly replaced with tea-bags.Breakfast was more than adequate - the kids were pampered by the attending lady who was more than gracious, going out of her way to get us whatever we needed. I needed a postcard mailed and the front desk took care of it right away-even though I had no stamps!With 2 growing kids jumping around New York, we constantly needed food, and although there are no microwaves or fridges in the rooms, the Manager invited us to use his fridge and the microwave in the B'fast room whenever we required-saved us quite a bit there. Besides which, my son's antibiotic was easily stored overnight in the fridge. This is what makes the difference - makes you feel at home so to speak.The next day, although we were checking out, we were able to store our luggage at no cost while we did the rounds of the sights-the front desk gave us some really useful tips-how to get up to the Empire State building viewing deck without waiting in line-can't beat that huh!When we left for JFK, we had a limo waiting at the same price as a yellow cab. Beats trying to flag a cab down at rush hour while you're glancing at your watch every 30 seconds. All in all a fabulous experience - I've since recommended it to atleast 20 people - its a secret little hideaway.	
Feb 14 2006	Nice	We were there Thanksgiving weekend. The rooms we clean and not any smaller than other NY hotels we have been in. The breakfast was more than adequate. Nice location. Easy walking distance to most of the places we wanted to go. Nice residential neighborhood. I have only 2 minor complaints. We had a discrepancy with the rate we had booked through cheap tickets and they wouldn't deal with it at the hotel - we had to call cheap tickets after we got home. We ended up paying more for one room than we did for the other. That all had to do with weather or not they charge extra for more than 2 people in a room. The other problem was the heat. It would not turn off. We reported it after the first night and they came up and opened a window.We enjoyed our stay and would probably stay again.	
Feb 8 2006	Fantastic location and Great Deal	Stayed at Ramada East Side last Month and found it to be a real nice place. The coffee shop &quot;Brasil Coffee House&quot; has the best coffee. Rooms were very clean and the staff helpful. Complimentary breakfast was not expected but came as a bonus. will recommend every one travelling to NYC. Best kept secret in NYC.	
Jan 18 2006	Better to Sleep With Homeless in Central Park Than Use This Hotel	I Meant to write this a lot earlier to warn people about this hotel, but have had to deal with damage from HurricanesRamada Inn Eastside- New York, New York161 Lexington AvenueNew York City, NY 10016We have traveled extensively all over the world for over 30 years and stayed in a range of lodging ranging from super luxurious six stars to rooms with dirt floors that you had to lock the doors to keep the goats out. When you go to Manhattan and pay those prices you expect a certain level of accommodation. Not a hotel better suited for some third world country. My apology for any third world county who has such a hotel.Ramada Inn - New York, New York is dirty, small and had an odor problem. As soon as you entered the hotel you are hit by wall of smell somewhere between musty and old gym locker. Our family stayed in this hotel for six days. We would have moved out within 30 minutes if could have found another room. For some reason most of surrounding hotels were booked. The lobby was small and dirty with furnishing showing their age. There were two small elevators so we had to split into two groups. My daughter got stuck between floors for almost an hour. This elevator continued to do this the entire time we were there so we avoid it. The other elevator was soooo slow. It was much faster to walk. Not sure they ever fixed it. Even now there may be some poor guest trapped. The hallway to our room had musty smell of mold. Although we had requested a non-smoking room our room had the odor of stale cigarettes and half cleaned ashtrays littered the room. I won’t tell you how the bathroom smelled. The seat to the toilet was broken and if you did not sit just right you would slide right off the toilet onto the floor. Despite numerous requests over six days nothing was done. Bath tub was filthy (could tell by the pubic hair the previous occupant was a red head) and the drain control had a jagged piece of metal sticking out is side. The grout between the tiles had a nice coating of slimy blackish mildew. This is the only time I can remember on vacation going out to corner market and buying a bottle of bleach and scrubbing pad to clean the bathroom so we could use it. Very low water pressure and at best it was luke-warm. Tried to adjust the temperature and the faucet knob literally came off in my hand. Found major dust bunnies and debris of previous occupants in the space between the bed and the wall.There was no tv remote in the room. Called the front desk and got nothing but promises. Had to wait until the occupants of a nearby room checked out and why the made cleaned that room got their TV remote. When we checked into the room the lightbulb to the reading lamp was burned out, called down to request it be replace. Said it would be. After several days and several requests and no action we went out and bought our own lightbulb. The bedspreads on the beds were in terrible condition with a number of holes you could one or more fingers through.Then we get to the really fun part- meeting the room’s wildlife. On our first night after checking in going out to dinner and getting ready for bed, we pull back the bedspread and blanket and watch a number of black dots scurry across the sheets- LARGE fat bedbugs. I even managed to capture one in an empty pill bottle. Took a picture of it for proof and I will post in the picture. I immediately called the front desk and they said they would take care of it. How they took care of it was to ignore the problem and continue to use the same sheets. The reason I know this is there was a stain on one of the sheets and it was the same sheet night after night. It not a very pleasant thing to have to strip off the sheets from your bed, take them out into the hallway and shake them vigorously to get rid of any wildlife. Were talking doing this for five nights in a row. Despite this the sheets felt itchy. Then we had the world famous game called “Chase the cockroaches up the walls as you take a shower” Don’t get too close or they might jump on you. New York Roaches are well known for being aggressive and nasty. See a race in progress in my pictures I have posted about this hotelMeeting the hotel’s wildlife continued at it Complimentary Continental Breakfast. Bagels were stale, juice had an off taste, fresh fruit had some pieces beginning to rot, flies and nats buzzing around food. Got a great picture of one when he landed on our table. I think he is smiling. What do you think? See picture I have posted. The bananas were in such bad condition they should have been buried rather then served to human beings. All it took was one exposure and a resulting queasy stomach and during the rest of our stay we ate breakfast elsewhere.Among the Amenities offered were Computers with Internet access. Which was very true if you can find one that works or you can try and use a keyboard with most of the letters and number worn off. What the hotel does not tell you is that they do not provide printers. I found this out when I was in the process of trying to check in for my flight and wanted to print my boarding pass. I was informed at the front desk I would have to use the next door cybercafe. This meant you would have to pay by the minute to use the internet. I found out later from front desk that this was owned by the hotel. Nice way to earn a few extra buck from something that was suppose to be a free Amenities.Then we come to the management and staff of the hotel. By their actions and response to questions asked and various requests by guests, they seemed to look at us guests as some sort of ill smelling bottom feeding scum sucking creatures and they were deities who like Job in the bible was cursed with the affliction of having to put up with them. Not only were they not responsive or helpful, they were ant-responsive and anti-helpful going out of their way to make the guest feel small when they dared disturbed important activities of reading a newspaper, talking to their girlfriends on the phone or just staring out the window.While the price may seem right, the experience is not worth it. There are a lot better hotels than this in the area for about the same money. NYC is a fantastic place. Why ruin your visit by staying here. Good Luck, See The World and Stay Safe	
Jan 13 2006	Clean but old and hot	We stayed here for two nights in December. The best thing was that the hotel was clean. There were holes in the bedspread....but at least it was clean. Of course it is small like most hotels in New York. The worst part was the heater. It blew hot air even when turned off. We had to open the window just to be able to breathe. The heater also made a noise like someone banging a hammer all night. Breakfast was fine ( bagels, toast, coffee, juice).	
Jan 10 2006	it was great!	the ramada was a great place to stay! im a normal college senior and took a trip out there with my best friend just to have fun and meet boys! to be honest! and the hotel was fab! me and my best are gold collar people! we dont live in slums (no offense anyone) so we know quality! but it was great super clean! the maid was sooo nice and cute she helped us with any question we had, anything we needed! we seened her everyday, which is nice to see a familiar face, it felt comfortable. the again was nice and clean! breakfast, work out room, everything u dont need! lol! the service was nice but the location was just a bit much for me! thats the only prob! safe suroundings just a little too far from the action! but the cleanest nicess place ever!!! trust us! we are just normal, spoiled, clothes conciences college students!	
Dec 30 2005	Great Stay in NYC!	My partner and I were there for Christmas 2005, as well as his 30th b'day. The room was a bit small, but hey, this is New York we're talking about. However, it was spotlessly clean as was the bathroom. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful with a great attitude. One of the better Continental breakfasts of any hotel. Very safe neighborhood with great Pakastani/Indian restaurants, as well as Italian. Forget Starbucks, go to Brasil Cofee adjacent to hotel. Don't miss Patrick Kavanaghs Pub just a few blocks away on 3rd Ave bet. 33rd &amp; 34th. Subway only 2 blocks away. Plentiful taxis. I don't think you can find a better value in NYC.	
Dec 29 2005	Merry Christmas 2005 at the Ramada	We just spent the entire week of Dec 20-27th 2005 at this hotel, and LOVED it!! First off NYC is crampted its the beauty of this beast The rooms are small but so are the owned and rented apartments in this city. Im shocked with all of the negaitve comments on this hotel. We were greeted at what ever time of the day, We were blown away by how CLEAN the whole hotel is. The staff couldnt do enough for us ! All we had to do is ask. Rays Pizza is awesome and is to the left on Lexington as you come out of the hotel a couple short NYC blocks (Very good food and priced very cheap!) The breakfast was good just your basics, but a good start of getting something in your tummy to start your day. Murray Hill is a great neighborhood . Very easy to walk to anything! We know we happened to be there the day of the Transit Strike, but after 3 days we were using our MTA passes. I think the Hotel is wonderful . Just wish we could always book a room there at 100.00 a night we are relocating from Florida to NYC in about a year and will be making more trips up to NYC We had an incredible Christmas and to all of you a Happy New Year!	
Dec 21 2005	great value hotel	I have stayed here 5 times and all round value it was great! its only a 5 min walk to empire state building, staff were very helpful and the breakfast is a great start to the day. Rooms are cleaned every day and clean bedding and towels every day,also its quieter than being near the times square area.A tip is to keep checking the website as the prices change every few days and a bargain can often be had if you keep checking.	
Dec 12 2005	I would stay here again	I stayed here in November for 4 nights with two friends. It was our first trip to New York. The room we had in the Ramada Inn was very clean, had comfortable beds, plenty of hot water and good shower pressure. We were on the eight floor and it was pretty quiet. Our toilet needed to be repaired during our stay and this was dealt with within 10 minutes of reporting it. The breakfast consisted of cereal, toast, bagels, fresh friut, doughnuts, very nice orange juice and lovely coffee. The location is also good for getting around Manhattan.On my next visit to New York I will stay here again.	
Nov 25 2005	Great location great price	We stayed here for four nights in October 2005. The best thing about the hotel was the location - a few minutes walk from the empire state building. Our room was very comfortable, clean and quiet with two double beds, large TV and large bathroom with bath and shower. Breakfast is served in a curious basement room. However, the food was adequate and it made a good start to the day! The only downside was the attitude of the staff on reception. On checking in they didn't even respond when I asked to check in and wasn't even sure that they'd heard me until they produced the form to sign. The area itself is quite quiet, but there are plenty of good restaurants on Lexington Av and it's worth trying a curry on the curry hill!	
Nov 18 2005 	Great Location 	I was in NYC on company business from Nov 15-17. Found out I was going only the week before and our usual hotel was booked. The minute I found out I was staying at this hotel, I got on 'Trip Advisor'.I was comfortable with the mostly favorable reviews and most were dead-on correct.The staff was helpful (asked me if I would like a &quot;car&quot; to the airport instead of a taxi and had one there in 15 minutes).The elevators are small and slow but it is an old building. The rooms are small but clean and comfortable and no bugs! Good size TV with remote. The bathroom was small and had an issue with water damage in the ceiling at one time but was clean and had good water pressure. By the way, I had to step up to get into the bathroom. Tripped on it twice till I got used to it! Don't know if every bathroom has a step but my 10th floor room did.Overall, a nice place to stay. Not nearly as expensive as most other big NYC hotels. Nice business/residential community. A 10 minute walk to the Empire State Building and just a couple blocks to the #6 subway.Also, if you want a nice place to eat, try Penelope's. It is literally across the street! Turn left out of the hotel and it's right across the street on the corner!).Email me with questions.	
Nov 7 2005	Coudn't ask for better	I was in Ny on business and stayed at this hotel Oct 29 - Nov 2nd. After reading some of the reviews I was a little hestitant, but it was a last minute thing and the price was right. The room was perfectly adequate. It was a bit small but just fine for one (or two) adults. Most importantly it was clean. No bugs, critters or the like. The area is actually quiet during the night.Will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 7 2005	Great Deal Great Stay!!!	We (2 persons) have been there for a one week stay from 17. Sep. 05 to 24. Sep. 05, our first trip to New York. The personnel was very friendly and helpful. The room (one Queen bed) was big enough for two persons, including a huge TV. The included continental breakfast was served in a very clean room and was satisfactory for starting the day . Also the possibility to use one of the two PC's (including free Internet access) in the business center was useful. This is a perfect hotel for tourists who want to stay budget (139$ plus tax, but depends on bed type), but not want to have bad surprises. The location (30th Street, Lexington Ave.) is great. See also the other hotels of this small hotel chain and reserve directly on the cooresponding hotel sites. In contrast to some other reviews I cannot say that it smells of smoke in the Ramada Inn. Try to get a room above the 5th floor and on the side to the 30th street, which should be more quiet.	
Oct 7 2005	Stay far far away!!	I just got back from a girls weekend in NYC (Sept. 30th - Oct. 2). This particular hotel was chosen for the value of 4 people in one room ($50/night per person). I honestly don't know how 4 of the girls slept in this tiny room. I shared a room with only one person and we barely had enough space for our stuff. Our room was $199/night and that was with a discount, so in my opinion, it is no value hotel!!! Honestly, this hotel was probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. It was dirty, small and the entire place smelled like smoke (the lobby included). The elevators were extremely slow and they were super tiny.I would never stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 29 2005	Couldn't have asked for better...	...at least not for what we paid. I don't understand the bad reviews I read on this site before we left. They must be from less experienced travellers because we quite enjoyed our 7 day, 8 night stay.We stayed on the 7th floor and it was a quiet room, the odd siren or horn could be heard at night but we were never actually awoken by any of this. The bedroom itself was smallish, which I expected in NYC, but it was comfortable. We had some closet space and a dresser which helped for our week-long stay. The queen bed was comfortable but I'd ask for extra pillows. The bathroom made up for it-big enough for two of us to get ready at once(plus my girlfriend enjoyed not having to pack her hairdryer). We were especially concerned about cleanliness. No worries, our room was cleaned everyday and although the staff was not always cheery they were certainly never rude to us. And no, there were no bugs or mice.The continental breakfast was simple but good-coffee, juices, cereal, porridge, doughnuts, bagels and fruit. It was nice to have access to the internet in the hotel as well.The location was fine...a couple of minutes by foot from a subway, 5 minutes by foot from the Empire State building and 15-20 minutes by foot to Times Square.We weren't on an extreme budget but the money we saved by staying here allowed us to spend elsewhere. If you aren't wanting to spend loads of time in your room (we were in our room maybe 10-11 hours out of the day-basically just to sleep and unwind) and want a central, safe, clean location this is the place for you!	
Sep 28 2005	Most unpleasant staff I have ever met on my travels.	Good points. Exellent location, good price for budget traveller, bedding and bathroom clean, and the room maids were polite and efficient.Bad points, Very small rooms and bathrooms, very old building in desperate need of renovation.Very bad points, The staff at the Front Desk need to go on a training course on good manners and public service awareness. They are by far the worst I have ever witnessed in my extensive travels around the world. It was too much trouble for them to raise their head to acknowledge your existence in the hotel, never mind a &quot;Good Morning&quot; or &quot;Have a nice day&quot;. If you asked for any information like &quot;Where is the best place to buy a Metro Card&quot; they would grunt, shrug their shoulders and point out through the door.The breakfast was until 10.00 am, at 09.50 am the doors were closed and all the food started to be removed, you were given the impression that breakfast FINISHES at 10.00am prompt.If you want a cheap, very central hotel then this is fine, but if you want good polite service this is not the hotel for you.Would only stay here again if there was no other rooms available in the city!!	
Sep 18 2005 	Small but clean room	Stayed for two nights; front desk staff was busy (fully booked) but helpful. Room was small, with an above average shower, very clean especially considering the age of the hotel. Good value and location away from busier parts of Manhattan. Near a great French restaurant, La Petite Auberge. Would stay there again.	
Aug 26 2005	rude staff/blood in bathroom	Don't stay here. The front-desk staff were rude and unhelpful (and I don't mean New York gruffness which does not bother me) and the bathroom was not clean -- dust bunnies and most disturbingly, blood! Front desk staff did not care. I wrote to Ramada when I got back home and was assured the general manager would contact me (I neither asked for nor expected anything other than an apology and an assurance that he would address these issues with his staff) and have not heard anything. Clearly these customer service issues start at the top.	
Jul 28 2005	Most Terrible Hotel in New York	Worst experience ever! New York trip was ruined due to unfriendly staff, horrible attitude towards the guests. I have had a decent experience with the Ramada Inn's in other locations but this was the worst hotel experience ever.	
Jul 27 2005	Good value for money	The Ramada is a good budget hotel. We stayed here for six nights. My husband and I wanted somewhere comfortable and clean and the Ramada was certainly both of these. The breakfast in the morning is good (and complimentary) and set us up for the day ahead.My only criticism is that I did not know what AAA meant (as I am from the UK) so the quote I got with Expedia when booking it was misleading. The AAA is a the american version of AA and apparently you get a discount only if you are a AAA member. I had a heated argument with the reception lady about this and she refused to give me the rate I had booked at as I did not have one of these AAA cards (my AA card was not good enough).I even showed her my email print out that I got sent by Expedia with my booking reference number on it, the hotel address, the dates of my stay and the rate i booked at but this was not evidence enough for the receptionist.After this shaky and disappointing start (and 45 mins of arguing with the receptionist and manager) I decided I wasn't going to let this blight the rest of my hols and conceded to paying $200 odd more than I had originally agreed to.OK, that I have had my rant, it was a good clean hotel. Free internet and good breakfast bar that was regularly topped up and kept clean.Susie	
Jul 22 2005	Worth Checking into	Have stayed here several times when relative hospitalized at NYU. Excellent continental breakfast, adequate rooms, close to movies, stores, laundromat, and delis. Rooms clean, but I found an occasional bug--which I chalked up to an old building. Worth a bus or subway ride from midtown to avoid $300 nights. Staff helpful--Lexington Ave is noisy all night, but so is the rest of NYC, I imagine.	
Jul 18 2005	an Okay hotel for the price	A friend and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in July. I must say the location of the hotel is great, close to everything and if you can't walk to your destination a cab ride will be less then $10 (we went to Soho and the Meatpacking district mostly). Our hotel was on the 12th floor and had great views of Lexington Ave and the Chrysler Building. The room was a bit small and the bathroom was almost as large as the bedroom, which I thought was weird. There was also a ceiling to floor window in the bathroom, but instead of having curtains the window was painted over with paint. Yeah it doesn't make any sense? Also the water pressure was TERRIBLE! It would take 10 minutes to warm up and it was like showering under a leaky faucet. I would do as much washing in the sink I could before trying to get into the shower. I have to say the room was always cleaned and the air conditioner worked really well.	
Jul 1 2005	Good clean simple affordable accommodataion in Midtown Manhattan	We stayed here for 4 nights after stayng in The New York Helmsley, near Grand Central Station. The move to this hotel was planned so that we could experience the Midtown area.The hotel is in a good location, where the streets are less busy than around Times Square. You're close to the subway and there are several cafe's and restaurants around the hotel. You are a short walk from the Murray Hill area, where you can sit in Madison Square Park, under the shadow of the flat-iron building. It's a nice area.The hotel was fine. Less formal than the Helmsley but I found it more comfortable and the price is more affordable too. We had clean towels every day and the room was cleaned/bed made etc every day.We stayed on the 6th floor, in a non-smoking room (as we had specified when booking through Expedia). The water pressure was fine in the en-suite bathroom, which was small but clean and well laid out. The bed was comfortable - not too soft, nor too hard.We didn't eat the complimentary breakfast - eating out in New York is so easy and affordable that we chose to skip the continental breakfasts and eat in one of the many eateries nearby.The hotel staff were courteous and helpful. We had trouble with the electronic key on a couple of occasions, but the staff at the front desk were quick to respond. My only other dealings with the staff happened when we would access our safety deposit box each day (a complimentary service).The room had an air-conditioning unit which worked fine but we still felt the room was too warm at night. We stayed over the memorial day weekend and found the weather outside to be very hot, so that probably explains the warm room. The air-conditioning *was* doing its job, it was obviously competing against some very warm weather.I would definitely stay here again and found the area to be very safe and pleasant.	
Jun 27 2005	Good hotel in a great location	The Ramada Inn is in a good hotel in a great location. It's walking distance to almost everything (that means if you like to walk!!). The front desk folks were very pleasant. We got to our hotel very early in the morning (730am), however check in time is at 3pm. The front desk manager noticed how tired we were and checked us in at about 8am or so. Very nice of him. This is a great hotel to stay in if you don't plan on staying in the room too much. The ONLY problem that we faced is the outside noise in the middle of the night. It's true what they say, &quot;the city NEVER sleeps&quot;. at 2 am you can hear cab drivers honking, the sirens of the ambulence and cops.... Not as bad as it sounds, but it did annoy me a night or two. Overall the place is affordable, in a great location and one of the nicest one in the surrounding areas! Have fun on your trip....!!!	
Jun 12 2005 	really okay but not great	My experience was similar to others. Despite a confirmation that clearly stated I had reserved a non-smoking room, I was told too bad 'we don't have any'. One has the feeling the front desk is numb to complaints. I accepted the smoking room and it was indeed perfumed worse than a rental car. But I guess that's better than the odor of stale cigarettes. I did however still smell the slight musty smell of mold in the hallways. Being prepared by another reviewer for the loose shower turney-thing helped me gingerly get the shower to work without the handle falling off which it was close to doing...Other than those 3 or 4 things - the room seemed clean, small and functional with coffeemaker, wireless internet access, continental breakfast and small business center all for 125. night. A rip off - no, but not a fabulous find either.	
May 31 2005	Dissapointed.	I arrived with all my family after a trip of more than 5 hours and when I arrived our room was not available due to lack of water, electricicy, etc. can you believe this?Even if the above was true, they do not give us another room, no rooms of any kind, can you believe this?They only offered to call other hotel nearby, ask the price (more expensive) the availability, and sent us there. Also did not offer a taxi, even that it was at walking distance, it was after midnight, it was raining and we were carrying heavy luggage, can you believe this??I would not recommend this hotel, you never know if you will get your room even if you reserved with plenty of time.Really, I did not know this could happen in the big apple.I will never visit this or other same kind hotel.Carina Aguilar/Amanda de Arroyo	
May 31 2005	Not Bad!!	I was happy with the hotel. For the budget consciuos traveler I highly recomend this hotel. It's in a great location and readily accesible to some NY attractions. Our room was small but the bathroom was not very confined. For the amount of time we spent in the room it was adequate. Our room was cleaned daily and the staff was nice and polite. The hotel is old so you do have the smell of mold that is distinctly covered with the smell of cleaning products. Besides that I dont have anything negative to say. I would definetly stay here again.	
May 29 2005	Great little hotel in NYC!	We stayed at the Ramada Inn Eastside on May 6-8, 2005 while visting NYC for several Yankees games. The room was tiny, but adequate and definitely worth the price! The location is great....within walking distance to the Empire State Building and great restaurants and shops. We were impressed with the food and the price (very reasonable) at the Murray Hill Diner for breakfast, only a block away. Also, many Indian restaurants are right around the corner. Definitely try Curry in a Hurry! The subway line is right around the corner (the 33rd Street subway and the 28th Street subway).....one stop away from Grand Central/42nd Street and a quick trip to Little Italy and Chinatown. The only negative we found in the room was the lack of water pressure. The shower provided barely enough water pressure to get the shampoo out of your hair. On the third morning, the entire hotel had no water for over 3 hours! We were unable to shower this day, and only received a 10% discount for this inconvience. Despite this, we would definitely stay there again. Great bargain for NYC!	
May 19 2005	The best your money can buy	Maybe the best budget hotel in Manhattan. The rooms are not so big, but clean and featuring some amenities only found in upper category's hotels. Extraordinary location, quite (yes, it's possible a quite hotel in NYC) and close to main attractions. Subway is a block away and the staff are also ok. For $80 a night you won't find better place. Lots of inexpensive deli's and restaurants right through the door.	
Apr 22 2005	Good Inexpensive Option for NYC	Stayed here on a peak April Saturday night when most other hotels were sold out. Front desk staff were helpful from the time I called to confirm my reservation to the time we checked out. Room #911 had a view of the Chrysler building from the bedroom and the Empire state Building from the bathroom. Our small room was very clean, and the bath was a decent size with no problems with water pressure. Temperature control worked fine and there was a coffee pot and supplies for making coffee &amp; tea. It is not fancy, but a basic accommodation in a safe area. Breakfast was plentiful and the serving area was clean. Although I prefer a location further north for my own convenience, I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Apr 19 2005	Great Value and Location!!	Stayed for a full week in March, 2005 - our first trip to NYC. Found Staff very friendly and helpful. Allowed us to extend our stay one extra day even though the central Ramada reservations agent said they were full. Accepted AAA discount without question. Had room with 2 Queens that was clean and comfortable for 3 adults, although we were in the room only to shower and sleep. Provided extra towels and pillows on request. Continental breakfast - available 7 days until 10am each day - ok just for a light morning snack. Another perk that is unusual for hotels these days - they don't charge for local calls ( 212 area code) or 800# access. Must be well insulated because it was in the 20's at night but we didn't need the heater at all (and we're from LA and not used to the cold!) Only issue was an elevator that squeaked horribly and took 2 days to fix - granted, it was the weekend. Luckily we brought earplugs for sleeping, which we recommend anyway if you're not used to traffic noise 24 hours a day. Great location - felt safe and secure in the hotel. We walked everywhere and felt comfortable walking at night. Easy to get taxis - most expensive taxi ride was $12 from Central Park. Lots of sights, restaurants and shops in the neighborhood. This is a great budget hotel and we can't wait to go back!	
Apr 14 2005	Great value	I wasn't expecting much for the price, but was pleasantly surprised to find a generously-sized (by NYC standards) queen room and bath. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was actually attractive and appeared to have been recently renovated. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the continental breakfast was decent. I've had far worse in NYC for more money. The neighborhood is safe, but there's not a whole lot going on in the immediate vicinity; the subway is nearby and taxis are plentiful. This is not a destination hotel, but a safe, clean, comfortable place to spend the night. In other parts of the city, you wouldn't blink an eye to pay twice as much for the same room.	
Apr 1 2005	Lots of little problems	My company probably booked me into the cheapest hotel in midtown Manhattan. For three nights, Mar 27-30 2005, the price per night was 89, 99, and $119.For that price you get a lot of problems. First thing upon getting to my room, I had to call back down to the front desk because I had no TV remote. By the time the guy came up to the room with a new one, I had a list of other problems. 1: toilet would not flush. 2: shower water handle fell right off when you touch it. The guy fiddled around with the toilet until it flushed. As for the shower handle, he looked at it and determined that a screw was missing. Not that he was going to expend any energy to fix it. More of an informational, &quot;That's why&quot; type of thing.Also later I was disappointed to find out that the fitness room was not open (renovation), the water pressure was just a trickle of lukewarm (at best) water, and worst of all, the heater just would not heat up the room at night to a comfortable level. it was not even that cold outside... but it was that cold inside too.The room had a strong smell of perfume, no bugs... and it was full of ashtrays, even though I had requested a non-smoking room. I would take my chances almost anywhere else.	
Mar 22 2005	It was awful	We were very unhappy with this hotel. We took it because it was cheap, but you definately get what you pay for in this world. The sheets were itchy, and there were long waits for the elevators. The cleaning staff use one of the two elevators for sheets during the day. And the rooms were very small.	
Mar 19 2005	Good Hotel for travelers on a Budget	This was a nice little hotel. My boyfriend and I stayed there from March 12-15. We got a room on the 4th floor facing the front of the building, I thought it would be noisy but I was pleasantly surprised. The room was cleaned and the bed made up daily which was nice. We got a smoking room because everything else was booked up, but thankfully it smelled fresh and nothing like smoke. Another plus was the free wireless internet which was great since we had brought a laptop along. We only went to the continental breakfast once and it was the normal fare; doughnuts, bagels, ceral and the like. The location of the hotel was alright, within walking distance to the Empire state building and Macy's and the shops on 34th St. It's also only a few blocks from the 28th St. Subway stop for the green line. The m16 bus on 34th St. will take you straight to the Port Authority bus terminal. There's also a nice Mexican restaurant called La Cocina a block away on 3rd Avenue, and the hotel is surrounded by indian restaurants which we were too unadventurous to try. The downside was that it was hard to keep the room at a comfortable temperature. When the heat was on it got really hot, and when it was off it was too cold. The elevator was also a little slow and smelled strongly of cleaning products which wasn't that bad considering what it could have smelled like. Also the front desk wouldn't change four dollars into quarters for us, so if you're planning on taking the bus which only takes quarters remember to bring them with you! Overall this hotel was nice and we would stay here again.	
Mar 18 2005	Great Value for Money	This hotel is great value for money! The rooms and the bathrooms were very clean and comfortable! If you are looking for a cheap place to rest your head this is definately the place to go. Next time I am going to New York and I am booking this hotel again!	
Mar 13 2005	Great Value for the Tourist	Our first time in New York (Mar 4 - Mar 9). Hotel not quite up to site images but found staff very helpful, room was cleaned daily and warm. Breakfast was more than sufficient - nothing fancy, all self service with disposable plates. We asked for a high floor and were given the 9th with good views over Lexington. Location is reasonable although we would not walk too far at nights. Too much to see and do in NY to spend much time in room but looked forward to the comfortable bed at nights. Would strongly recommend to those looking for a good tourist-class hotel and would return ourselves. Only one warning to all non-yanks going to NY - watch out for the room taxes as there are three additions to the rate quoted which can add up!	
Mar 9 2005	You take the good. You take the BAD!	My feelings about this property are mixed. On one hand it is a good location and we got it at a decent price for NYC. Our rooms were clean and we didn't see any roaches (which other people mention in their posts).On the other hand, when we made our reservation they told us that they have cots available. There was a large group of us staying at the hotel and some were planning on sleeping 3 to a room. I repeat that they told us that they could fit 3 in a room. When we arrived, they did not have cots and were NOT apologetic in the least. We ended up having to get another room to compensate for this. Also, when we returned home from the trip, they had charged one of my friends twice on her VISA. She spent hours upon hours on the phone with the Ramada Eastside staff trying to resolve the problem. They were extremely UNhelpful and RUDE. She finally got the problem resolved with the Ramada corporate HQ.Despite all of this, I would probably consider staying there again because of the location and price in such an expensive city. Just watch your back and remember: they do not have cots!	
Mar 8 2005	Loved the location loved the room facilities	We stayed for three nights last October in the ramada Inn Eastside and were surprised how clean and comfortable the whole house was. The location of the hotel was supberb, breakfast was sufficient, the atmosphere of the staff was friendly and helpful.We can recommend this place to everyone and we hope to be back very soon.Eberhard und Birgit Herbst, Bremen Germany	
Mar 6 2005	Not too bad great price!	Overall, a good experience. We received a 10% AAA discount when we booked our room, but you need to bring your card! (Not just your little key ring AAA card, but the full side credit card size AAA card).Anyway, the rooms were average to small size, clean and quite managable. We stayed there overnight on Saturday near the end of February 2005. The check in clerk was excellent, held our bags in a locked area while we viewed the city and got us into the room early. When we returned back later to check in the other couple that was with us, the clerk wasn't so nice. He started to tell me that the AAA rate was only 5% and did not want to hear any explanations. The next day, the original clerk gave us 10%, but we had to deal with this nonsense in between. In the scheme of things, it wasn't a big deal, it was the principle!  We got a great price on the room (about 100 dollars) and the subway was only 3 blocks away. There was a 24 hour diner we visited the next morning for breakfast (named &quot;Moonstruck&quot;) which wasn't too bad! TIP: Use the subway! Buy a one day unlimited ride pass at any subway station for only 7 bucks! Ride all day on this card and save some money. Ask for a NYC guide at the Ramada's desk and inside you will find a subway and bus map that your unlimited $7.00 &quot;Metrocard&quot; will cover for all mass transportation. Take the 4,5 or 6 train (subway) uptown from the hotel for a direct stop to Grand Central Station if you want to jump on a Metro North train back home (we're from CT).Anyway, good experience and we will stay there again. We're going in May, but the rates are about 30 % higher since the season will be in full swing for tourists!Take care and enjoy fabulous New York City! Go Yankees!Mike	
Feb 27 2005	What a Bargain!	I stayed at the Ramada Inn Eastside from February 10th to 12th 2005 and was VERY pleasantly surprised, especially considering the price I was paying ($89 per night) and the location. I had a room on the top floor (11th I think) so noise wasn't a problem at all. The room was clean and comfortable, although my only quibble would be the erratic nature of the shower - underpowered and a little temperamental. But other than that, I had no complaints whatsoever.The rooms aren't huge, but perfectly adequate, and if like me you are in NYC to see the sights rather than hang out in your room, this shouldn't be a consideration when choosing this hotel.The Empire State Building is only a few blocks away, and the subway is around the corner.I can't comment on the hotel breakfast however as I was in NYC to visit a cousin and we ate breakfast at local diners which were plentiful and cheap.All in all, great value and excellent location.	
Feb 2 2005	Great value for the location	The hotel is located in an excellent position, great value (89$ per room per night). Rooms are clean, daily maid service, breakfast included, very nice staff. Nothing more to ask if you want a cheap holiday in New York!	
Jan 22 2005	Good Property	Stayed here for 4 nights Jan.13-17. The room was clean and the King size bed was very comfortable. I had stayed here before when it was a Comfort Inn ( or maybe a Quality Inn-same company) I had a room by the street that was pretty noisy. This time the room was away from the street and much quieter. So, if noise bothers you-ask for a room away from the street. The location is not bad, close to Macy's and Empire State Building, but pretty far from Time Square. I would recommend this to anyone who doesn't mind walking a little, or who doesn't mind riding the subway.	
Dec 31 2004	A great value	A great value in New York. Located at 31st and Lexington, this hotel is about 2 blocks from the 6 Subway, and one stop from Grand Central. Our room was well priced ($159 for 4 adults in 2 queen beds). Our room was clean, and the bathroom adequate. I was pleased that the room we got matched the picture on their website. There are numerous great indian, and italian resturants within walking distance. One of the best bagel shops in NYC is just around the corner. This hotel is about 20 minutes from the heart of times square, but very easy to get to. We had 7 day subway/bus passes and had no trouble getting around.They also have a deal with a parking lot around the corner for $20/day (no in and out privleges though).We didn't check it out, but they boast a fitness center.The continental breakfast was pretty basic though...bad bagels, donuts, ok coffee and fruit juice.This is part of a chain of budget new york hotels---------------------------------------I would definetly stay here again.	
Dec 19 2004	A great place to stay	Booked this hotel as preferred to spend the money in New York rather than spending it on a 5* hotel. Going budget is always a risk, but rest assured - the Ramada Inn on Lexington proved that it's worth taking risks.The reception has a lot of olde world charm and character, and the staff were helpful. Rooms, whilst not being massive (this is a budget hotel remember) were an adequate size and catered for all we needed. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were clean. Breakfast was a complimentary continental breakfast - bread, bagels, donuts (?), cereal and fruit. Tea, coffee and juice were also included.The best part of this hotel though is its location - from its door you can see the Chrysler building. A 30-second walk to the right provides views of the Empire State Building. Grand Central Station is a 15-minute walk away and Times Square is well within walking distance.We stayed on the 9th floor and the view from the window was stunning. Yes, there is a road outside, but trust me, the noise isn't that bad at all, and if anything it adds to the whole 'New York character'.In short, this hotel is definitely worth staying at if you don't want to spead a fortune on accommodation. If you want to go to New York and spend time in a hotel swimming pool, or in its gym, feel free to fork out the additional £'s.	
Dec 18 2004	Excellent Value	Only paid $89 a night in December! Great value, clean comfortable room, friendly staff, free internet access, small gym ( not that we used it) and a continental breakfast ( delicious fresh donuts!). Close to subway, ESB and Macys. Can't fault it!	
Dec 15 2004	Comfortable Hotel	Booked into the Ramada Inn via the Apple Core website based on the reviews on tripadvisor and was not let down. A nice comfortable and simple hotel that was clean and met with our expectations. In a great location to explore midtown Manhattan but still just that little bit outside the hectic tourist and shopping areas so you can catch your breath. A ten minute walk to the Empire State and Macy's. Handy small internet cafe right next door and a lovely Italian restaurant at the other side (both seperate businesses). Staff were very helpful and we were able to leave our luggage with them after check out without any problem. They also booked us a cab back to the airport which was great. Would have no hesitation in staying there again the next time we are in NYC.	
Dec 6 2004	Nice place to stay.	Second time I've stayed here. For the price you can't really complain, plus as the hotel is only a couple of years old it is in good condition. Room was smaller than my last one but still an okay size for a double, with built in wardrobe and a decent sized bathroom. Plus how many New York hotels give you a breakfast included for these prices, even if it is only a Continental one?Location on Lexington and 31st is at the lower end of midtown but very handy for the Empire State Building, Macys and Herald Square. Overall, in a good location for exploring New York.The staff were courteous and will happily store bags securely after check out at noon - useful as European flights usually leave New York in the evening. Small cafe (separate business) located in the building by the entrance. Handy for getting a snack, paper or to use the internet.	
Nov 29 2004	Nice little hotel...	this is a relatively small hotel ...the staff is quite nice, as well as the service ...the rooms are a bit old, but hey... its NYC!the only problem was that whenever you turned on the a/c all that would come out was HOT air...overall... it's worth the price!	
Nov 23 2004	Everything I expected	I booked this hotel off the back of the reveiws on this site and was not disappointed - good clean hotel, nothing special but amazing position and you really don't need anything else. Go somewhere boring if you want to lounge ina gorgeous hotel room all day, go to the Ramada Inn if you want to see New York.	
Nov 14 2004	excellent hotel	excellent hotel. have stayed in New York 4 times and this was the best hotel. very clean, quiet and cheap. great location with easy access to the metro and the Empire State. the inclusive breakfast was also a bonus. would stay there again. top marks.	
Nov 10 2004	Tiny room horrible shower	This hotel was okay but the room was TINY, the typical size of a European hotel room and there was no water pressure and the shower barely got luke warm. We called for someone to come up and make sure it was working properly and were told it was. When we tried to adjust the water temperature, the faucet knob literally fell off! Cheap price and feels cheap too. Would not stay here again. The neighborhood was not bad and if you like Indian food there were lots of Indian restaurants.	
Nov 4 2004	THIS PLACE WAS GREAT!	My mom and I stayed at this hotel for our first trip to NYC. I booked this hotel by mistake (wanted the Ramada Plaza). But it turned out to be a fraction of the price and I would stay there again! After reading some of the reviews I was really nervous, but it turned out better than i could have hoped for! The staff was VERY friendly and accommodating. The hotel was very safe. The rooms were VERY clean (and I'm really picky) we stayed on the 11th floor with a great view. It looked like the room must have been renovated a few years ago. I have traveled quite a bit and this is the FIRST hotel I have ever stayed in that didn't stink...it smelled very fresh and clean! The beds were great and it was very quiet every night!This location is great if you want to get the REAL NYC experience. There are a ton of great Indian restaurants and spice shops all around. If you like curry you HAVE to eat at curry in a hurry just around the corner, it's GREAT. The hotel was about 2 blocks from a subway station. We bought the &quot;fun pass&quot; for $7/day unlimited rides, it was great~ just make sure you have a good map of where the subways run! This hotel was located in a more residential area where you got to see how people REALLY live in NYC and it was a nice rest from the hustle and bustle of Times Square. *TIP: if you're taking a cab from the airport make sure you tell the driver 30th &amp; Lexington, because if you just say the Ramada in Manhattan they are likely to take to the other one.I LOVED NYC one of the BEST trips if you like site-seeing and Shopping! Feel free to e-mail me if you have any questions, I'll be happy to share any info!	
Oct 14 2004	Scandalous - Better Business Bureau Should be Called	I am still at a loss for words. Even after confirming my reservation (they had my credit card number and told me I could not change within 24 hours), AND calling the day before my arrival to confirm the hour, I arrived in NY at the Ramada at 11 pm to learn that they had GIVEN AWAY MY ROOM!EVEN AFTER I HAD CONFIRMED TWICE, the day before and the day of!! The manager told me he heard me call earlier, and did not understand why his colleague told me my space was available as he knew they had given it away. I am serious!So not only did they give it away, but they did not tell me when I called to confirm, and I came in from the airport to find NO ROOM, despite their having told me the day before that I could not cancel within 24 hours because my credit card would be charged!Furthermore, when I asked their help in finding a hotel they told me to use the public phone in the hallway.The manager told me he would pay my cab to stay with family I had in NJ ONLY if I came back the following night.I have never had this experience in my entire life. Customer service could not help me either - they told me the closest they could place me was a hotel in Bergen county NJ - over an hour outside of NY!This is absolutely scandalous, and furthermore, I have had no apology AT ALL from management. Moreover, as a young woman on my own in NY, with my luggage in hand, they had no qualms of telling me that I would be out on the street.I am still beside myself about this. Never in my life will I ever stay in NY at the Ramada or anywhere in the world again. This is incomprehensible, and I would not wish this on my worst enemy.It was so bad that at the end of the evening, I even had to call the police. To this day, I have had no news from their management.AVOID AT ALL COSTS!	
Oct 13 2004	Exellent Neighbourhood Decent Hotel	For the price, a bargain. Staff were helpful and friendly, and the place was clean enough (only one roach spotted). The only real trouble we had was with the hot water, which ran out twice during our stay. In a wonderful neighbourhood on the east side of Manhattan, and close to some of the best restaurants/deli's...try Tibetan Kitchen on 3rd Ave for a great meal. Hotel was also near a subway stop on Park Ave. A very good location and a decent hotel for the price.	
Oct 11 2004	great value	I thought this hotel was a great value. The price was good and I had no problems with the room and staff. For this price range, choose this hotel.	
Oct 5 2004	Good value in an expensive city	I spent ages trawling the web looking for a hotel with decent reviews and at reasonable prices and ended up plumping for the Ramada. Couldn't really complain to be honest. It's pretty basic and if you're expecting huge rooms, big bathrooms, 5 star restaurant then look elsewhere. It's ideal for people on a budget as NY is one expensive place. Walking distance from Empire State, Grand Central, 5th Avenue. Couple of blocks from the subway for attractions further afield. It's an ideal location. It is pretty basic and the free breakfast isn't going to fill you up or anything but for the price in a city as good as NY then you can't complain. Oh, and book via the Ramada website.	
Oct 5 2004	indian rhapsody	we stayed from from sept 24-27 yes there were roaches yes the girl at the front desk is always sleepy but location and room were okwe will be back! best places for indian lunch westof new deli a block away	
Sep 15 2004	Nice place!	It was my first trip to NYC, and I loved this hotel! It was out of the tourist-y parts so we got a chance to see a cute part of the city. Very close walking distance to many things, and the neighbourhood is very multi-cultural. There are also some great restaurants beside the hotel- a cute spot for a warm breakfast. Being a university student on a budget, this hotel offered a price comparable to some hostels, but it was so much more comfortable and it had a very retro and classy feel to it. I will definately consider staying there again!	
Sep 8 2004	Nice Price Ok hotel	Stayed here for a week in August. For NYC, the price of this hotel is very nice. Especially for the location in the Upper East Side. The room is small but clean. The street noise isn't bad. Free breakfast wasn't anything special. If you like bagels-you're in luck! That's about all they offer besides bruised bananas and apples. Coffee isn't good, either. But hey, it's free. The staff was average. The control for the AC is annoying-either you freeze on the high switch or roast on the off. There is no in between. Good walking distance to the Empire State Bldg, about 3 blocks and to a subway entrance. Great location for catching a cab. There is also a very charming Italian restaurant right next door called The Belvadere-we ate there several times, wonderful salmon and steak. My husband and I loved NYC. Be sure to visit the Met and have lunch in Central Park!	
Sep 8 2004 	The one problem with this hotel was a BIG one	Ramada Inn was comfy and quiet, the rooms were nice, the staff was excellent and helpful...BUT there was one big problem. I was surprised after all the good reviews for this hotel on here. There was a bad roach problem. I saw at least 8-10 roaches in my room during my three night stay (during the first week of Sept 04) overall, and there was even a roach on the counter while we were checking out. Yikes. Maybe that's just par for the course in New York City, I don't know. But they should at least stock the rooms with some RAID! If the management tackled the roach problem, this would be a great little hotel.	
Jul 26 2004	It worked for me!	This place was great for the price. My mom and I were in NYC for the first time and didn't want to waste money on a hotel that we planned to spend little time in. We stayed at the hotel for two nights and found the staff unfriendly but we weren't turned off by it. The room was small, clean and quiet. We even had a great view. The continental breakfast was good and we loved that they had bagels and cream cheese too. Overall, I would stay here again.	
Jul 21 2004	Cheap 	This is a great hotel for the price: clean, cool renovated building, friendly staff, decent (&amp; free!) continental breakfast. More &quot;taste&quot; of the city than the family / large tourist groups Times Square hotel experience. Our room was a corner so we had 2 windows of sunshine and a view of the neighborhood streets.Tip: Expedia charged more than the Ramada website (weekdays $89)Tip: If there is 1 thing this hotel could improve, it's the towels. If you need fluffy, thick towels to dry your hair, bring one of your own. If you don't care, don't worry, it's fine.Transportation: cabs always available. Take healthy walks to Union Square or Times Square, 6 train is close by or further up is Grand Central Station. Take the M101/M102/M103 bus down to the Lower East Side.	
Jul 7 2004	Great price. clean what a deal	Hotel was very close to the subway. Very clean. Very quiet. The best part was it was very affortable (NY standards). My wife and I were there over the July 4th weekend. She also loved the fact that it was the same hotel seen in the movie &quot;The Terminal&quot;. Even though the room was a bit small, compared to hotels in other cities, it was perfect for the 2 of us. 1 street away from a lot of restaurants. Highly recommend it for the price.	
Jul 4 2004	affordable quiet comfortable	I was so very happy here in NYC. It was my first visit to the Big Apple, and this hotel was wonderful. Close to subway, friendly-staff, and comfortable rooms. Thanks so much!	
Jun 25 2004	good value good location	i've only been to New York once, but this hotel was very good value for money, in a good location (near the empire state building). The rooms were clean, comfortable, the en-suite bathroom was nice, and there was a big TV! The staff were helpful enough, and breakfast was decent-bagels, doughnuts, ceral, fruit... I can't remember exactly what we paid, but it was a better price than we found for some hostels. I would definately recommend it.	
Jun 23 2004	Good choice		
Jun 16 2004	Great hotel and really great price!		
May 14 2004	Great value with nice clean rooms.		
May 12 2004	Thumbs Up for Ramada.		
May 6 2004	Great!!!		
Apr 30 2004	Nice Hotel		
Apr 27 2004	Nice Budget Hotel		
Jan 31 2004	A very nice place to stay		
Jul 25 2003	good value		
Jul 5 2003	Great value		
Nov 20 2009 	Ottimo hotel		
Oct 19 2009 	??????????????		
Jul 28 2009 	Cherchez pas ailleurs.		
Apr 30 2009 	on ne peut plus parfait pour son prix trés attractif		
Apr 19 2009 	ottima posizione ottimo prezzo pulito		
Nov 22 2008 	Bien pour New-York		
Oct 15 2008 	Wow!		
