	Nice central hotel provided the rates are reasonable	I usually use the Hilton New York, but this newly opened Hilton Garden Inn is only two blocks from our office so it made sense to try it out.I had booked two weeks back and found a room for 2 nights at $219 a night + tax which seemed like a bargain. Then due to personal reasons I had to delay my trip by one day and when I changed the resevation online the price went to $359 + tax which would make the room a little pricey considering. Very helpful reception and quick checking.Rooms are very nice (albeit a little small) with HD flat screen TV, microwave, coffee machine, ironing board, etc. Wifi was perfect and free. Breakfast was very good including made to order omelettes.Would certainly use again but would expect to pay a little less that $359PS. Only bad point was the breakfast coffee which is (for a European) terrible. The tea had most taste than the coffee and no expresso was available :-)	
	Excellant Hotel and Location	Very clean , attentive staff and well serviced rooms . From outside the front door of the Hotel you can see Macys to your right and Empire state to your left . Superb. 10-15 min's walk to Times sq and. easy reach of all other &quot;attractions&quot; such as Rockerfeller centre , 5th Avenue , Central station , etc etc .Compact reception area and bar but certainly adequate. Didn't eat in the restaraunt as far to many great places to eat outside . ! Would not hesitate to reccomend.	
	Perfect choice	This Hilton Garden Inn is strategically located in the heart of Midtown Manhattan in a perfect location for both business and leisure purposes.The whole property is a 100% smoking free facility.Cleanliness is outstanding (they change bedlinens every 3 nights). Rooms are very quiet, though of small to medium size which seems to be the rule in NYC.Neighborhood is lively and apparently safe; there is a subway station just around the corner and a major bus stop (MTA) in front of the Hotel.Trusty website/brochure.We definitely recommend this Hotel!	
Nov 25 2009 	Good value but could be better	My husband and I have been to NY a few times now and I have to say that the other hotels we have been to have been much better. This was our first time at a Hilton in NYC, and though the room was a decent size for NY hotels and the staff was friendly, there are some issues. First off, they don't have a valet. Who doesn't in NYC?! We actually had to dodge traffic to pull into the garage across the street. Second, they don't have room safes. I mean honestly. I've never heard of a hotel not having them. We called down to ask and they said we could store valuables behind the front desk, but then brought down my husband's laptop only to be told that their safe wasn't big enough for that! Hmm. Third, they have three elevators that seem to take forever to get down to the lobby and are incredibly tiny. Fourth, the staff didn't offer any ideas on things to do/see in the city, and when we told them we were in NY to see the parade, they didn't offer any tips. On the bright side, it is a lot cheaper than many other hotels-actually one of the best we found for this time of year (Thanksgiving). The room was pretty small, but most are in NY. It had a small fridge and microwave, and a nice bathroom. We were in front of the elevator and it wasn't noisy. Plus they have free Wifi.	
Nov 23 2009 	Just perfect	We chose this hotel because it was very new (basically new construction) and because of its location just a few blocks from Penn Station and the place we were working. Location was perfect - easy walk to everywhere we needed to be.Check-in was a tad slow but staff was polite.Breakfast was on the expensive side but quite filling (and all you can eat).No problems with the elevators.We had two double beds so the room was slightly larger than those who had a king bed. Room was clean and tidy, bed was comfortable. Although we were essentially behind the elevator shaft no elevator noise intruded into the room. A good deal, would stay here again.	
Nov 23 2009 	Fantastic Location!	This was a great place to stay. My key requirement was that the room was quiet. And it was! Our room was next to the elevator, and I was worried about noise from the machinery. There were no problems. Since the hotel was just off 6th Ave, there was not a whole lot of traffic which kept down the noise also. The rooms was clean, the bedding nice, and the bathroom was great. The shower pressure was much better than I expected for a NYC hotel. There was a small fridge and a microwave in the room. Another plus for the family travel. Best of all was the location! We could see Macy's from the hotel's front door! Times Square was a quick 5-10 minute walk. The train station was another quick 10 minute walk. The rooms were small, but who cares! We were only there to sleep! I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Favorite Hotel in NYC	I have stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn on 35th Street at least 5 or 6 times this year. The hotel is new (Feb 09, I believe) and the service is great. I've stayed a few times at the Hampton Inn next door (when the HGI is a bit too pricey), but much prefer to stay at the HGI. The rooms are clean, the beds are comfy and the front desk staff are wonderful. It is a quick walk from Penn Station and right next to Macy's. They have a small exercise room (2 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, some free weights, etc.), nothing fancy, but nice. And, they have a little pantry that you can buy drinks, snacks. And, internet is free!	
Nov 16 2009 	Nice stay	My wife and I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. It is very clean and in a fantastic position. Rooms are a touch small but nothing to grumble about. Bathroom was nice and shower was fab. Would I stay there again? Yes I would. It was a wee bit expensive though.	
Nov 14 2009 	Fabulous best in value cleanliness courtesy and location	This hotel is less than a year old. This was my second stay there. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a reasonably priced hotel in NYC that is absolutely immaculate. The staff can't do enough to help or be pleasant. The mattresses are perfection with top notch linens. Definately a value. Restaurant serves breakfast only. There is a bar off the lobby. Room service is breakfast only.	
Nov 13 2009 	Clean Truly Pleasant Staff Central Location a WeeBit Overly Priced	Excellent Stay all the way around. The hotel is fairly new (opened Feb. 2009, I believe). The entire staff was impeccably polite but cordial, welcoming and friendly at the same time. While I was standing a the front desk I overheard an employee state that they were at 99% capacity. With the excellent customer service, you would hae never known they were so busy. Very impressive. Five stars for customer service!!The rooms were very clean and include a small refrigerator and micorwave. If you have not visited NYC before, the size of the rooms may seem small but I found them, for NYC, to be quite large. The bed was very comfortable. The view (we upgraded to a 'city view') was of the office building across the street but we had a glorious view of the Empire State Building as well.The location is right next to a subway station (I think the N R W) and a couple of blocks from Penn Station. Macy's, along with H&amp;M, Forever 21, etc... is a 1 minute walk away. I did not eat the food in the hotel so I can't comment except to say that you are visiting the culinary capital of the world - go outside and find something wonderful that you don't eat at home!!I gave the hotel 4 stars instead of 5 because we spent about $3500 for six nights. Although this is NYC, you can find an equivilant hotel for much less money, I'm sure. However, with a 99% capacity they must be doing something right.	
Nov 13 2009 	Clean comfortable unglamourous hotel in good location.	Primarily we chose this hotel as they have rooms with 2 double beds which was handy for our teenagers who want their own beds. Also the location - 30 seconds walk from Macy's, American Eagle and Victoria Secret, and about 5 mins from the Empire State Building. I was a bit disappointed with the City View rooms as they were quite expensive. The beds however were very comfortable. I booked up front with the hotel directly and told them that we were there for a big birthday trip - my 50th, my daughter's 18th and son's 16th, however there were no little touches as a treat let a lone an upgrade!. Given that I had paid about $1600 3 months before we arrived I think a small gesture wouldn't have hurt. The reception is small and unimpressive with a bar that is literally that with a couple of seats - so don't bother. By the way, if you turn left out of the hotel there's a really nice Irish pub which does very good food so that's quite handy. On a previous trip I had stayed at The Grand Central Hyatt for the same money (although the dollar was weaker in fairness) and that is a much better hotel and this time I couldn't get the rooms I wanted. So I can't particularly recommend the Hilton but at the same time there were no big problems and it was comfortable and well located. A bit pricey but not too bad a choice.	
Nov 12 2009 	Nice Hotel In A Great Location.	We spent four nights at this hotel in November. We wanted to be in close proximity to Madison Square Garden, as we were in town to see two Springsteen concerts.The hotel is less than a year old so obviously everything is new. We had a room on the 21st floor. We heard no noise from the hallway, and very little from the street. Yes the rooms are somewhat small but my wife and I had plenty of space for the two of us. We really liked the fact that the room had a fridge and a microwave. The bed was very comfortable.The location of this hotel is terrific. It's in a very safe area. Two blocks from Macy's. Less than a ten minute walk from Madison Square Garden. The subway stop is literally right outside the front door. You're one stop from Times Square.The staff of the hotel was both friendly and helpful. The concierge was in the lobby for most of the day to answer any questions we had.We had a very good experience at this hotel and would definitely return. The value was good and you can't beat the location.	
Nov 12 2009 	Clean modern and functional. A great base to explore NYC!	I can echo most of the reviewers here. It is a great place to stay in New York. I find it strange that some think it should have greater facilities or more immediate access to sights etc. It is NOT a 5 star - nor does it claim to be, or have prices that reflect that. It is in my opinion, a fantastic hotel that provides everything you need for a short break in the city. It is ideally placed for a start, right next to a subway station for city wide access, with Macys almost across the road, and lots of shops and restaurants within walking distance from the hotel itself.Even Times Square is a leisurely 15 min walk away. Our room provided a great view of the Empire State, which is also close by. The hotel is relatively new, and is clean throughout. Rooms are adequate - bathrooms more than big enough. Again - remember this is a capital city hotel - you're not gonna get massive rooms, and huge bathrooms unless you pay equally huge prices! We had a fridge, a coffee maker, comfortable bedding, large flat screen tv. There is a breakfast buffet, which we thought a little pricey tho, at $18, so didn't eat there - plenty of choices nearby. This hotel provides exactly what it claims - it is functional, clean, and unpretentious. Staff are young and friendly. It is a great base from which to explore New York, and I would be more than happy to stay there again - which for me is a great endorsement!	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Hilton Garden Inn	We stayed 4 nights at this hotel the first week of November. The hotel fit our needs perfectly. It is nothing fancy, so if you are looking for something like the Ritz Carlton in Central Park, this is not for you. If you want great location, clean and comfortable rooms and friendly service at a more reasonable price, look no further.Room: Not huge, but decent size for New York. We stayed in a one-bedroom king suite. It had a living room with sofa bed and a seperate bedroom with a very comfortable king bed, ample closet and storage space, 2 TVs, fridge, microwave and coffee maker. Bathroom was very nice and spacious, equipped with everything you could need. Everything was very clean. The hotel is quite new and has a contemporary decor which we personally enjoy.Location: We thought it was great, right in the middle of Manhattan with the 34th Street/Herald Square subway station just a few steps from the hotel on the corner of 35th Street and 6th Avenue. With 8 different lines stopping here you can get to any part of Manhattan in a very short time. We saw two shows and took the subway each night to Times Square, only one stop and just a few minutes ride.The hotel is practically next to Macy's and very close to a lot of shopping on Madison and 5th Avenue,Empire State Building and Penn Station. Lot of places around to grab a bite or try the Korean/Asian restaurants just a few steps from the hotel. Had a great meal at one of the Korean ones the night we arrived.Elevators: We didn't have any problems at any time of the day (we were on the 31st floor).Service: The staff was very friendly and helpful, from the reception to the concierge to house keeping to breakfast. House keeping did an excellent job.Breakfast: This is the only negative I can think of. We felt the breakfast buffet is overpriced (about $18/person). It is a decent breakfast but for that price it should have more made-to-order items and more variety like we experienced at other Hilton Garden Inn properties.We had a great stay and would definately return.	
Nov 9 2009 	Overall very satisfied with our stay - staff was helpful and friendly	Stayed three days prior to a New England/Canada Cruise. The room size was average forNew York. The room was clean, quiet, and the beds were very comfortable. The staffwas very friendly and provided excellent service. The location on 35th Street is convenient with a Metro station just a few steps from the hotel entrance. The area is notthe most attractive in New York, but felt very safe. Overall a good experience.	
Nov 6 2009 	Way over-rated on tripadvisor	This hotel is alright but nowhere near deserving of 4 or 5 stars. The rooms are clean but barren. The bed is comfortable. The bathrooms are clean but poorly equipped. The elevators are tiny and on the slow side. The location is mediocre. The room felt more like a dorm room than one of the higher brands within the Hilton chain. Other than a desk, chair, bed and tv, there wasn't much else to it. The bathroom had almost no counter space. The bathroom amenities are of poor quality. (The labels say neutrogena but the quality is more like suave.)The hotel is close to Madison Square Garden, the subway, and the Empire State Building. It's a healthy hike to the Theatre or to most good restaurants, and a bit challenging to get to the museums on the upper east side. Don't count on catching a taxi in front of the hotel - unless you're going to the airport. They allow cabs to loiter in front of the building and to reject fares unless they're going to the airport. Hotels with doormen do not allow cabs to loiter nor to cherry-pick fares. I would not return to this hotel.	
Nov 5 2009 	Stay somewhere else you'll probably get better value elsewhere	Used Hilton Points (35K per night) to stay here for 6 nights. The location of the hotel is good (metro station is close and street is fairly quiet by NYC standards) it is also fairly new. The parking is across the street and when validated thru the Hotel the charge is 35 per night. The room was clean and standard size for New York, just enough room to walk around the bed and store your luggage. The hotel service leaves a lot to be desired. I found the staff unfriendly and incompetent. When checking out be sure to leave enough time to catch an elevator, they are small and tend to be full around check out time. Breakfast was standard HGI tho more expensive than other HGIs, if you don't get a free coupon you are better off eating outside. After I voiced my concerns complaints at their own hotel staff's insistence, there was a lack of follow up and an insulting attempt at compensation. When I escalated to HGI management, I was told there was a &quot;mix up&quot;. For the amount of points spent, I'd rather stay at another Hilton property where the staff is competent and friendly.	
Nov 4 2009 	Don't Make A Call From The Room	This hotel is new, and a great location in NYC. The rooms are very comfortable, but could do with better lighting, it was difficult to negotiate the coffee maker. My stay was really nice, but was ruined when presented with the room telephone bill. The 3 calls (12 minutes total) to Maryland total cost $68 (44 pounds) - that is disgraceful. I spoke to reception and got no joy but told that it is a private company whom provies the service - mmgh and there's no profit for the hotel!	
Nov 3 2009 	Great location great staff.	My wife and I were in NY to support our son in the Marathon, and the 3 of us stayed here in the 1 room, which had 2 double beds. So the room was a bit tight for the 3 of us, but was clean and comfortable and the location was great. The hotel facilities were good and the location was great, but the best thing however was the staff. They were unfailingly friendly and helpful. This will be our automatic first choice if ever we return to New York.JohnWorthing England	
Nov 2 2009	Excellent! Would stay there again...	My daughter (19) and I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn on West 35th Street from Oct 2 for 3 nights. It is in an excellent location. There are 31 floors I believe and we were on the 15th floor which was great. We had an amazing view of the Empire State building all lit up in blue each night. The windows were thick and there was no noise distractions from our floor. We even opened the window a couple of times.You are within walking distance to many things including the subway which is extremely convenient from the hotel. The hotel is new as of Feb or March 2009 , so that's always a huge plus! There was a small microwave oven , fridge, and coffeemaker and iron etc in our room. Everything we needed... Plus they sell popcorn and other goodies in a little pantry downstairs that one can use if you get the urge to eat late at night and don't want to leave the hotel! The room we stayed in is called the Evolution Room with 1 King Bed. It was just big enough for the 2 of us. Manhattans real estate is so expensive that the rooms can't be expected to be nearly as large as they would be in a suburban area in Texas for instance! The room was big enough (if your not traveling with someone messy!) The bathroom and shower were great, plenty of water pressure etc. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If I have the chance I will definitely stay there again. Free room wi fi and 24 hr access to their business center to print our flight boarding passes and theater tickets etc. Very convenient!M.S. Greer Houston (Spring ) TX	
Nov 2 2009 	A Mission Trip to Remember	I was in charge of a group of 40 adults (mostly senior adults) from our church in Louisiana who spent five nights in New York City on a mission trip. With the help of Marcia, Sales Manager at the Hilton Garden Inn, we were able to stay at a wonderful hotel right in the heart of Manhattan. We were treated royally by everyone in the hotel from the moment we arrived until the time of our departure. The location and the beautiful hotel itself made for a delightful experience. If you need a place to stay in New York City, try the Hilton Garden Inn on W. 35th Street!!	
Oct 31 2009 	Great stay near MSG	Took my son to see his first rock concert at Madison Square Garden and used my Hiltonhonors points for a free room. Walk to 34th street, cut thru the &quot;park&quot; in front of Macys and you are there. Great location to MSG, clean hotel. Perfect if you want to enjoy a few drinks at an event not worry about the drive home. Decent restaurants in the area as well.	
Oct 31 2009 	Good and clean hotel in the midst of craziness	I searched long and hard to find a good hotel and finally decided on this hotel. We were not dissapointed. It is clean (except the drawers, very dusty!!), new, has a good shower en next to the metro and Broadway. We had a view of the Empire State building! It's in midtown so close to basicly everything. For shoplovers, it's next to Macy's, JC Penney's, Victoria Secrets and the Gap! But...... it was really in the midst of one of the most bussiest parts of town. The next time I will book a smaller, mory cosy hotel downtown in Soho or Greenwich Village.One piece of advise, join the Hilton's programme. It is free and I got 60$ discount a night!!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Good hotel well placed to see New York	Good modern hotel, with nice public areas and rooms. Room well equipped and clean. Staff very friendly and helpful. If you are thinking of staying here, the hotel is fine but we would recommend the Hampton Inn Times Square North which had bigger rooms and a complimentary breakfast	
Oct 26 2009 	A wonderful place to stay well-appointed and excellent customer service	My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary, we thought about staying at The Plaza or The Waldorf but, chose to stay here and I have to say it was the right choice. This hotel is located a block from the ESB and near all of the local attractions. We had a beautiful room with a view of the Empire State Building for a fraction of the cost of the high-end places I mentioned. The customer service was excellent, I would highly recommend. We will definetly be back. Also, we have stayed in luxury places and it truly can compete.	
Oct 19 2009 	Excellent	Great location, highly recommended!! Will come back and stay at this hotel again...hotel is centrally located to everything.	
Oct 18 2009 	in new york standerds it is a really good hotel	a nice hotel with small yet clean and modern rooms... location: if you hate walking or travelling in winter it is a bit far from where the action is in 42nd street.	
Oct 18 2009 	New convenient but a bit noisy	A nice new hotel located 5 min to Macy's, Manhattan Mall, Korea Town, Empire State Building and just 100ft from the Subway. About a 15 min walk to Times Square. Plenty of eating choices nearby ranging from the morning bagel/coffee cart to high-end restaurants.Rooms are small with just enough room for a King bed and desk and almost no room to open your suitcases. The office chair was a very nice Herman Miller chair and a 32&quot; LCD TV was appreciated. There's a small but nicely equipped gym in the basement. Free high speed internet and a free business center are available for use. There's also free coffee and tea in the morning.I was on the 13th floor and street noise at 6am in the morning was enough to wake me up, so make sure you request a higher floor if you're a light sleeper.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great location - rather expensive	Hotel appeared to be very new, with everything in excellent condition. The room was a comfortable size with good facilities. Breakfast is expensive at $17, but there are so many little diners round the corner on 6th Avenue with breakast at less than $5. Found it expensive at $360/night (expedia), but the location made it worth it. It is a short walk to Times Square and the theatres, or to the Subway. We looked at the line-up for half-price theatre seats and decided our time was more valuable. So we went directly to the theatres (they are all within a a short walk form Times Square), and got good seats for 3 shows paying between $50 &amp; $100. A must do, is the Gray Line Bus Tour - they have a package of 4 tours for $54 - and they are wonderful, with great guides. We did all 4 and saw most of Manhattan, Brooklyn, Statue of Liberty (ferry included!), and a night tour. I've been to many large cities and found this Subway one of the harder ones to navigate, but people are very helpful and offered assistance whenever we looked confused - it was fun, and you can't get lost! Taxi from the Airport is probably a rip-off at $50, and the 15 minute buggy ride in Central Park at $40 definitely is. As for eating - we went to one of the many Irish pubs just before the shows, and had great food for $15-20. Empire State Building is a must, but the Rockefeller Centre isn't. Walked over Brooklyn Bridge for that great view. Overall, New York is fascinating and the Hilton Garden Inn is a great central location for seeing it.	
Oct 15 2009 	it's wicked	we decided to visit new york for the first time as a stopover for a few days en route to our usual holiday destination and this hotel was an excellent choice,it is basic but it has everything you will need if you are planing only to use it as a base,we where out early morning til late night so we only really used it to sleep in, it was quiet,comfortable and we booked at an excellent rate.this hotel only opened in early 2009 so it is still clean and tidy,staff are friendly and it has a fridge and microwave in the room so you can stock up on snacks bought outside the hotel,but the prices in the lobby shop are not that bad for the location,it is on the route for bus and shuttle drop off/pick up so no problem getting to and from any new york airport, I would stay in this hotel again. as a last tip go and see wicked at the gershwin but don't turn up on the day and hope to get tickets,we had seats 10 rows from the front and 2 at the rear balcony,to be honest the visual effect from the rear seats was far better!!.	
Oct 15 2009 	Excellent Stay	The hotel met all of my expectations for what a Hilton Garden Inn should. I travel 60+ nights for business a year and the HGI 35th Street did everything one would expect. The hotel was clean and the staff was polite and attentive. Would definitely stay here again. Very close to major tourist sites and a subway stop is 30 feet from the from door.	
Oct 15 2009 	Highly recommended corporate hotel	I tend to shy away from generic corporate hotel chains, but loved everything about the Hilton Garden Inn. From the staff, to the in room amenities to the view from my room - this was a great property. The breakfast was great and the General Manager walked around saying hello to guests and asking how everyone was enjoying their stay. Highly recommended hotel for Chelsea and close to everything NY has to offer. I picked up a great deal online that allowed me to receive a Macy's voucher on check in!	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Location	This is a friendly hotel in a great location. Everything you need is within walking distance or a subway ride away (the subway entrance is just outside the front door).The room is cosy with a brand new HD TV and free Wi-fi.My room was on the 2nd floor, so to avoid waiting for the lift, it was easier to use the fire escape stairs.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed here and walked from Penn Station to the hotel. It was great that they stored our bags till the room was ready. We found the beds were very comfortable and the room clean, even though it was small. Position was great and we walked to most of the attractions. The reception gave us a flyer for a a private car to tJFK and it cost $65 plus tip. The Concierge wanted $100. Taxis are a standard fee of $45, and they were waiting at the front door when our private car arrived. This would have been the cheaper option but who was to know that a taxi would be out the front at 4-30am in the morning.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good location at a reasonable price	Great stay.. rate was reasonable (under $200/night) and was clean, nicely appointed and close to many of the things I like to do in NY (Times Square, Madison Square Garden, etc.).	
Oct 14 2009 	Absolutely fantastic	Stayed in Hilton Garden Inn 35th in early September for 7 nights on a girls shopping holiday. I have nothing but good things to say about the hotel. We booked the hotel based on the reviews on Tripadvisor and got a great deal through Ebookers (145 USD/night). Upon arrival we were upgraded to a larger room on the 21st floor with a view of Broaway. The room was located next to the elevator but we heard no noices what so ever which was a great surprise concidering the busy traffic outside.The room was really large (for a double) and was in fact the largest hotel room I've ever been in. Based on the reviews on this site I was expecting a smaller room but we had a lot of extra space around the king-sized bed + a comfy armchair+ desk (with another chair)+ a dresser. The was also a flatscreen TV in the room. Coffee maker, microwave oven and a refrigerator were also in the room and were one of the biggest reasons we booked the hotel. They had also small packages of milk for the coffee but you could also buy actual milk bottles from the pantry located next to the reception. Bathroom was clean and roomy with excellent water pressure and clean, fluffy towels. The bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in!Room was cleaned daily and the cleaning ladies were always very helpful and professional. Also the reception staff was nice. We had no trouble with the elevators (like some people who have written about the troubles on their reviews). There are 3 elevators in total and we never had to wait more than a few seconds. In the lobby area there are comfy sofas, a small bar, ATM and outside a few chairs where you can enjoy drinks in the evening. Just around the corner (on Broadway) is a 24-hour deli where you can buy breakfast items, fresh sushi, pasta, muffins etc. We used the deli instead of the hotel restaurant. Even cheaper is the McDonald's next door to the deli.Along the 35th and just a few steps from the hotel there are Irish bar&amp;grills, a Korean restaurant and also a nice bar/restaurant at the Hotel Metro. We learned that by showing the room key we could get a discount on most of these neighbourhood places. More information about the restaurants and services was available on the hotelbook found on the room. All and all I would definately recommend this hotel as it is also very centrally located, close to major sights and offers value for money. We also felt very safe in the area and we are already saving for our next trip. I will post some pictures of the hotel soon.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Location New Hotel 	I've been to NYC many times and stayed in various hotels. This is by far the best in terms of location, cleanliness, and service. My family and I stayed here a total of 5 nights in NYC. This hotel is very convenient. Its located right in the Herald Square area just a few steps away from Macy's. It's about a 5 minute walk to Times Square. The subway line is right in front of the hotel. Penn Station is also a block away.The hotel has only been built up for 7months so it's really new and clean. The service was overall excellent. Free internet, buiness centre with free color printing, a gym. I was really impressed by how helpful the staff were.The only draw back is it's one of the more expensive hotels and will set you back about $300 US per night.	
Oct 12 2009 	Just Right	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Hilton Garden Inn on 35th Street. It is conveniently located (walked directly from Penn Station to hotel), and within walking distance to many tourist attractions (the hotel itself is right around the corner from Herald Square, Macy's and Madison Square Garden; Times Square is 15-minute walk away). It is also within a very short walking distance from most of the subway lines. The hotel is practically brand new. It is not as large as some of the other hotels, but the room was comfortable, very clean, fairly roomy (for New York standards), and the staff was excellent. Our flight arrived at JFK very early in the day, and we were checked into our room by 9:00 am. The hotel can be a bit pricey, considering it's the Hilton Garden Inn brand, but if you chance upon a decent deal (in the range of $150-$175 per night), it is a great value. Its proximity to the tourist attractions is also a weakness, however. In fact, besides the sometimes high nightly rate, the only other reason I wouldn't want to stay here is if I didn't want to stay near the busy tourist attractions (which I do opt for on most of my trips to New York City; it just so happens that I went with a friend who had never been before and I wanted her to see everything).	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Beds	I stayed one night in this Hilton Garden Inn. The staff was very nice and attentive. The room was clean and nice with a great view of the Empire State Building. The Beds were very comfortable nice spacious room for 2 friends. Bathroom was great as well.Only issues, I was told that Hilton Garden Inn gave free breakfast and I almost inadvertently ate the 18.00 breakfast. This hotel I thought was on the same tier as Hampton Inn.Also.. VERY IMPORTANT...They say the offer parking, just make sure that you don't spend more than 24 hours in the lot across the street because they can try to make some ridiculous charges... After about 15 minutes of arguing everything was resolved, but it was with a big fightAll in all I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great place excellent location	We just came back from a 9 nights stay at this Hotel. It was our honeymoon, so they've upgraded our room to a bigger one for no extra charge. The room was big and cozy and we didn't hear anything from neighboring rooms.The staff was helpful, especially Ali. Its location is great also, just a few steps away from the hotel there's a subway stop (B,D,F,V,N,R,Q,W trains) and the bustling 34th street and Herald Sq. The Hotel is not cheap (300$ per night including tax), so that's maybe the only drawback I can find regarding about it, but otherwise, it's a great place to stay in New York, I'd definitely go back there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent	We stayed here for 4 nights in August, based on reviews found on Trip Advisor. This hotel was PERFECT. We got a great rate ($145/night) through Hilton's website and were so pleased with the hotel. The rooms are small but clean and new, the location is great, and all was beyond what we expected. i am a very picky person and I was so pleased! Check in and check out were easy, the left-luggage service was very helpful. We were on the 14th floor, and were amazed at how quiet the room was--no noise from the street or hallway. If you are looking for someplace safe, clean, nice, well-located (subway stop literally at the end of the block)--stay here.The only issue (and it was very minor) was that the adjustable bed wasn’t working—but it was still comfortable, just a bit firm.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Experience	A friend and I found this hotel through Trip Advisor and was was a great deal in comparison to other hotels in the area. We had a redeye flight and ended up checking in at about 5 in the morning. They not only let us check in early for a small fee, they upgraded us to a 2 bed room instead of the king room that the website let us book. The room was great, even though we didn't spend much time in it but it had a mini fridge and microwave for all the good New York Pizza that we couldn't finish. Overall, a great experience.	
Oct 8 2009 	excellent service great value	we stayed at this hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor. the hotel is very centrally located on 35th street near 5th avenue and macy's, a short 10 minute walk to times square and lots of restaurants in the surrounding area. check in was very efficient. all staff we came in contact with were very helpful and friendly. our room was located on the 29th floor with a fantastic view of the empire state building. our room was modern and comfortable, had a king sized bed, coffee/tea making facilities, microwave, fridge, neutrogena bathroom amenities, a closet, loads of drawer space for clothes, an iron, and a large flat screen television with an excellent selection of free tv channels and pay tv/movies (we were able to catch up some of our favourite tv show's new season episodes not yet shown in the UK for only $4.99 per episode). we ate in the breakfast room one morning - breakfast was $17.95 each, which I thought was great value as the selection of hot/cold food was excellent and included pancakes, french toast, bacon, sausages, eggs as you wanted cooked to order, toast (even had vegemite and peanut butter), juices, cereals, cakes, pastries, muffins, and other items. the hotel offers complimentary tea/coffee in the lobby in the mornings and complimentary cookies at reception between 3-5pm (which were chewy and really tasty!). the hotel offers complimentary wireless and wired internet in all rooms, and complimentary printing via the web to the business centre in the lobby (handy for printing borading passes). the hotel has an ATM, a bar, small lounge areas on the ground floor, a seated outdoor and smoking area, a pantry where you can purchase food/drink to take to your room, valet parking, and a concierge. there is also a fitness center. checkout took no more than a minute. we would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 6 2009 	a wonderful surprise in mid town Manhattan	stayed here for a week - excellent room. No traffic noise - we were at the back of the hotel- Ideal location. If you like to shop you are 150 yards from Macy's - don't forget to get your 10% visitor discount from customer services on the 1st floor balcony - Bloomingdales offer same discount - just provide ID	
Oct 5 2009 	Great location great value.	We stayed in this hotel for 9 nights during our stay in New York. We got a great deal on the hotel's website. The location was great, very central to everything. The subway was at the end of the block and we had a great view of the Empire State Building from our hotel room. The rooms were very clean and had everything we needed for our stay.Breakfast in the hotel was expensive and not that great. There was a deli called Speedy's a few blocks downtown which had a much better breakfast for a lot less.We would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone staying in New York.	
Oct 5 2009 	Middle of Midtown	This hotel is brand new. It is squished into 35th Street and can be overlooked. 35th St. is a zoo. Macy's is one block away and the Empire State Bldg is 3 blocks away. The location allows quick and inexpensive cab rides all over Manhattan. The Herald Square metro/subway stop is nearly at the door. The temperature in the subway is inhumanly hot in the summer! The hotel rooms are small, but well appointed. The staff is friendly enough, although, there is no security. We didn't have any problems in this regard, but it was surprising. The elevator can take awhile. We were not bothered be the outside noise at night and never by people around us, however, we never saw anyone else on our floor! There is a food cart on the corner with great muffins and juice for breakfast on the go.	
Oct 4 2009 	New and clean hotel	I found this hotel from Tripadvisor and booked it for one night. We stayed in a small double room. We were able to make an early check-in at noon and were pretty pleased about that. The staff was very polite.Hotel is pretty new so everything was clean and modern. Decoration was stylish and it felt like a business hotel. Good location for shopping.Our price didn't include the breakfast. We felt it was a bit expensive to buy separately, so no comments about that. Only downside in our room was that there wasn't much floorspace where you could spread your luggage.	
Oct 3 2009 	Hilton Garden Inn- an excellent place to stay!	Stayed Sept 27 to Oct 02/09. Rooms are very clean, new hotel, fast elevaters, very pleasant and helpful staff. Bar on the main floor, didnt use but always looked busy. Didnt eat at the restaraunt. Concierge stored our luggage on last day which really helped until our plane left. Good location to Macy's , Penn Station, shopping , and subway only about 30 paces from front door. I would like to mention that every staff member when meeting in the elevator would say hi and ask how we were that day, very professional! Also rooms are very quiet and bathrooms stylish with the glass showers.	
Sep 30 2009 	Perfect location to explore NYC	I can only agree with the other reviewers – this is a small (for NY), tall hotel in mid-town. The benefit of that is you don’t have to walk for ages to find your room like in the bigger NY hotels. Step into the elevator, step out and you’re at your room. Subway right outside the door, Macy’s across the road, plenty of good breakfast places in the area. If you want to see the empire state building from your window, grab a city view room. Will be back.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Hotel	Very happy with our stay here - 2 nights in early September. The prices tend to fluctuate hugely so be on the lookout for the better deals.The rooms were average sized for NY (ie. fairly small but no diff from anywhere else) - being new the look and condition of everything was great. The room was very quiet and included a bar fridge and microwave.Excellent location, next to Macy's and the Empire state building and walking distance to Times Square. Best of all its right on top of a major subway station that services multiple lines.Complimentary Wi-Fi and business centre (with printer) and free coffee in the mornings are also big pluses. Also friendly and helpful staff. Will definitely be back.	
Sep 29 2009 	Sssh or the secret will be out.	What a great location, 20yds from subway 150yds from Macys and 6th Ave (Avenue of Americas) and one block from Empire state building. High standard of house keeping but had three knocks on door asking when we were leaving on checkout day before checkout time of noon. Friendly, pleasant and helpful staff. Didn't eat in the hotel, however room had microwave and fridge. Plenty of restaurants (some you get discount at, see room advice book) and other food outlets around. Bar was pleasant with welcoming barman. If you want transport to the airport when leaving suggest you use a yellow cab (flat fee of $45 +tip)	
Sep 28 2009 	Quality position and great staff	Whats wrong with this hotel - nothing at all. Its in excatly the right place situated adjacent to the Empire State Building. The staff and the rooms are top quality. The bed, duvet and pillows are exceptional. Flat screen TV, fridge etc its all there with a shower thats BIG. Didn't try the breakfast as we were still full after eating a steak the night before at Keens Chop House (just around the corner) which I also recommend highly.	
Sep 27 2009 	Perfect NYC location at an amazing price.	This is the perfect hotel for anyone looking for an affordable midtown Manhattan hotel. The room was small, but was big enough to accomodate me, my partner and 4 suitcases. The bed was very big, and as comfortable &amp; luxurious as any I have ever seen.The bathroom was big and well-appointed with a walk-in shower.The location is AWESOME. 10 feet from a subway station, and across the street from Macy's. It's the perfect spot in midtown - halfway between Central Park/Upper East Side/Musuem Mile and the south of the island - SoHo, Greenwich, etc.The service was nothing special (I carted all my bags in on a trolley to my room from the street, and the concierge didn't even look at me), but that's not the idea. This feels more like a serviced apartment than a hotel, but that's how we liked it. We just wanted a clean, convenient location and this was perfect. And with such an incredibly low room rate, this is the only hotel I ever want to stay in when I visit NYC.	
Sep 26 2009 	Fantastic location	Stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in the beginning of september, and was overall pleased with my stay.We were 4 friends travelling together, and had booked city view rooms. We were placed on the 16th floor, which was fantastic. Exept from the fact that our room, 1602, was very small, and the &quot;city view&quot; was the next door building. I had a look on the floorplan, and it seemed that this was the smallest room on that floor. Our friends room, 1606, was a lot bigger, and had a great view of the Empire State Building! I know we should have complained about our room, so we could have a refund for the &quot;city view&quot;, but we really couldn't be bothered. The room was great anyhow.The hotel is brand new, and the rooms are tastefully decorated. The bathrooms were wonderful, and the shower was huge!The front desk staff and concierge were all very pleasant, and we got great service from them :)The best thing about this hotel is the location! Just a few blocks from the Empire State Building, and only a 10-15 minute walk from Times Square. There is also a subway station right outside the hotel.	
Sep 24 2009 	Comfortable clean pleasant room	As others have mentioned, the rooms are small (pretty normal for New York) but the bed was very good and the bathroom was nice and there were plenty of towels. I was a bit worried that because we were on the 3rd floor, we might hear street noise, but neither my husband nor I heard a thing. It was very quiet. My husband was especially pleased that with the coffeemaker in our room, they supplied china mugs, so he didn't have to drink out of paper or styrofoam.	
Sep 24 2009 	Can't ask for a better location and value in New York City.	We stayed here in September 2009 for one night. The staff is very friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean and bright and it's in a great location to see many of the major sights in the city. The only downside is the room is very small and there is no bathtub (which I really like to have). Otherwise, we were very happy with our stay and would recommend it to business and leisure travellers.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Value	I stayed here for a week in June for an anniversary trip after my sister recommended it to me. She had stayed here on business and there were very few reviews at that point, but I picked it based on price and newness. Anyhow, the room was well designed and clean. Fairly quiet as well. Small as everyone else has said, but really not too bad, I've stayed in smaller rooms! Location was great for taking the subway, only about 2 blocks to the closest stop. We found that it was sometimes hard to find a taxi on 35th, not being a major artery, but the doormen will run down to 8th Ave to get one for you.We paid around $130/night and it included free continental breakfast. You could pay extra to upgrade to the hot buffet, but we never did since we are not big breakfast eaters. The servers got to know us after a day or so and would just automatically bring the tea and juice that we liked to our table. One thing to note is that there are no tubs, just showers with a curtain. We didn't have any problems with leaking that other people mentioned. I really liked the Bliss bath products provided.Overall, a great find and I would definitely stay again!	
Sep 23 2009 	My new favorite place to stay on business	This hotel is new, which is nice, and quiet, which is sooooo nice. I can't tell you how many times I've stayed at a $500 a night hotel and the walls are paper thin.There aren't many rooms per floor which is nice, and in the room there's everything you'd expect to see at any other Hilton Garden Inn. Room size is average for NY. It's a BARGAIN considering it's great location.The only downside is the teensy bar area in the lobby. Get the drink specials or you'll be sorry like I was. I'm used to NY prices, but $13 a drink for a lobby bar?	
Sep 20 2009 	You can't beat this location in Midtown	This hotel opened in February 2009 so it was nice to stay in a brand new hotel &amp; you can't beat the location - it is in wallking distance to all major attraction in midtown. Although the rooms were small, they were comfortable. There is a small fridge &amp; microvave which came in handy. Our room looked directly onto the Empire State Building!! The reception desk is small so there is often a line, however this moves fairly quickly. We loved the mini convenience shop within the hotel &amp; the fact you could charge the items to your room. There is a small business centre that offers free internet access however this room is often full. We would definately recommend this hotel!	
Sep 18 2009 	Nice new hotel perfect location	This hotel is in a perfect location right between broadway and 6th ave with direct view of the Empire State Building. Rooms are not very big but very new and clean. Bathroom has a nice large shower. The breakfast is very good and the staff is very nice.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great location nice views	We stayed at the Hilton garden inn 35th for a week in mid summer and the stay was great.We chose it because of the high quality/price ratio and its location and booked directly at the Hilton website. We were not mistaken.Its location is perfect for visiting NY. It is 1 minute from Macy's, subway stop is just outside the hotel. Its location allowed us to walk (must say we like walking) both up to central park (30mins) and down to the financial district (about an hour). The personnel was very kind with us and the kids from the very beginning.The room had a great view of the empire state building, it was rather spacious and we appreciated the availability of an empty fridge (useful for storing some milk for the kids morning pre-breakfast) and a microwave, and the complementary wifi connection.	
Sep 15 2009 	Ideal location	We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn in Manhattan last weekend. I agree with many other reviews that accurately state it was ideally located, with a Subway stop right outside the hotel and within walking distance to the Empire State Building and Times Square. The staff were very helpful and the rooms were nicely furnished and clean (although some are smaller than others). We would definitely recommend this hotel if you are visiting Manhattan. We had to speak to the staff about our room and their service was very good and nothing was too much trouble to them.We also found the wifi invaluable. There have been some comments on trip advisor regarding the lifts , we waited only a short time for one of the three lifts to arrive to our floor. They do get busy and crowded but it wasn't a problem for us.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great Location	We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn in Manhattan last weekend and found it to be a great &quot;home base&quot; for our stay. It is ideally located; there is a Subway stop right outside the hotel and it is walking distance to the Empire State Building and Times Square. Penn Station is also just a short walk away; therefore if you are flying into Newark (as we did) you can easily take the train into Penn Station and walk over to the hotel. The staff was very helpful and the rooms were nicely furnished and clean (although small). I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are visiting Manhattan.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great hotel great location	I've just returned from 5 days at the Hilton Garden Inn New York - the hotel was very clean, the room was nicely furnished and the bathroom spotless. Nice shower, fridge and microwave in the room and large flat screen TV. Small hotel bar which is fine but some great bars within 2mins walking distance. The hotel is just by a subway stop and 1 block from the Empire State building and Macy's (great for shopping if you are from the UK). I would recommend this hotel as an excellent base for New York where, to be honest, your not going to spend anytime in your hotel anyway!!	
Sep 8 2009 	Luxury get-away in the city	We got a great deal online for this hotel (about $180 per night for a room with two double beds). It is new and spotless. It felt very luxurious - the beds are sublimely comfortable with some fancy foam matress that is adjustable along with uber-downy pillows. The bathroom was spotless (I am very picky about this!) and felt top-class with marble and soft towels. We were right near the Empire State Building. Our room was on the fifth floor and overlooked other buildings but it was completely quiet at night. The staff could not be more helpful, the front desk team gave us great recommendations and input about our activities. There's a little &quot;pantry&quot; open 24 hours from which we bought juice and snacks. We had free wireless in our room as well.We highly recommend this hotel! It was luxurious, great value and very welcoming.	
Sep 7 2009 	Do not stay here--they LOOK for things to charge you $500 for--like smoking in a room that you DIDN'T EVEN SMOKE IN!!	I booked this hotel for a business/leisure trip on the advice of trip advisor. I knew when I booked the hotel it it was smoke free and that was perfectly okay with me. After the first day of maid service, we came back to find a locked room. Upon going to the front desk, we were told that there was evidence of smoking in the room and there would be a $500 cleaning fee charged to our card. Their evidence was a cell phone picture of a black speck in a window sill. That was it. A speck of what they said to be ash in a window sill. There had been NO smoking in our room. NONE. And yet no amount of rational reasoning, which proceeded to a raised voice, and then almost yelling would convince them otherwise. We were charged for someone else's smoking and poor maid service from the previous people who staying in our room. Unless you want to get an investigator to come in and take pictures and do a smell check of your room BEFORE you enter, DO NOT STAY HERE. This hotel is new, and I believe they are looking for any way possible to make an extra $500 off of as many people as possible. Their front desk as well as their managers are impossible to deal with and the general manager, we were told would be out until Wednesday. Fantastic customer service. (SARCASM SARCASM SARCASM!!!!!!)	
Sep 7 2009 	Good value hotel in a good location	I had an enjoyable stay here for the Labour Day weekend in 2009. The staff were mostly friendly, and competent. The room was nice, but some odd design decisions. It's all new which is nice, and I also liked the free wifi.The downstairs bar is a decent enough spot to finish up after a fun night out too -- it has a patio area with a nice enough view of the surrounding city. I had a Hoegaarden down there for $7 which seemed reasonable.Definitely ry some of the Korean BBQ in the area while you're there.	
Sep 7 2009 	Very good location!!!! Great service!!!!	Very nice hotel in New York.1 minute walk to Macy's, 1 minutewalk to subway and walking distances to Times Square and etc!!! Definately recommend this Hotel for a holiday in NYC!!!!!!Staff friendly and helpfull at all times. Everything you need you can contact them. The only disappointed thing was that there are no safe inside the room. They have one in the reception but it was always full so I could not use it.	
Sep 7 2009 	NEVER STAY HERE THEY CHARGE YOU FOR OTHER PEOPLE SMOKING!!!!!	Never stay at this hotel they will find &quot;ashes&quot; in your room even though you haven't smoked in it at all and then charge you $500.00...but they can't seem to find the dust on the walls and lamps! Tried to expalain to the manager on duty and he said that the housekeeping never misses anything that it had to be us and if it wasn't us we should have reported our room smelling smokie upon checkin even though we didn't smell it. They will be hearing from my attoney this week.	
Sep 6 2009 	Best Mix of Value and Luxury in New York City	We booked this hotel 4 months prior to the trip for $135USD with the intention of possibly finding something more luxurious. In the end there was no need and no regrets. It was like staying a boutique hotel in that you knew staff and they recognized you; location was good as it was not in TImes Square (which is walking distance) but had a subway stop 30 feet from the front door; and the price was very reasonable for staying in Midtown in a new hotel. Front desk staff and bar staff were great. Concierge assistance was not as great. One in particular was not able to add any value whatsoever to any of our inquiries and did not seem to eager to assist either. Aside from that, we had a great stay. Free internet access in the business centre was a nice perk. There are lots of food choice nearby which is what we relied on as there is not much there at the hotel if you are hungry. In NYC, you are rarely in your room anyways so this didn't matter much and we are glad our rate probably took that into account. Already referring others to this hotel and we plan on returning. Save your hundreds of dollars a night for eating and shopping and stay here.	
Sep 5 2009 	Would I stay Here Again? Absolutely	Stayed from August 27 to September 2 were allocated Room on 31st floor looking back to Uptown. Room was kept clean and housekeeping did a great job everyday of our stay. Subway station was only 30 meters from the front door or the hotel, which gave you connections to any where you wanted to go in the city.Ryan on the front desk was fantastic, could ask him anything and he knew where to point you in the right direction.For shopaholics all within 500 meters is Macy's, JC Pennys, Modells Sports store and many more. 10 mins on subway to Downtown Manhattan, Wall Street, Ground Zero, Castle Clinton(To Statue Of Liberty Ellis Island).Times Square an easy 10 minute walk or if you are'nt up to the walk one subway station away.All in all a good clean hotel that is value for money, staff are happy and willing to help you out.	
Sep 5 2009 	great value great service	first the upsides: super friendly and helpful staff, free wifi internet access, new and modern rooms with above average bathroom and shower - all of that much better than at the hilton new york (avenue of the americas), where i stayed the following 2 nights.upon arrival i was welcomed with all the upgrades for gold members without having to ask for it and got a very nice corner room on the 30th floor with a great view of the empire state building. the rooms are brand new, modern and have all the amenities you would expect. every staff member i met was extremely helpful and going out of their way to fulfill any request.only possible drawback: the location may not be the nicest in manhattan, but as the subway is only a few steps from the hotel, everything is easy to get to - so not really an issue.	
Sep 2 2009 	Wasn't There Long But Served Its Purpose	Great location. Had a meeting at the New Yorker and wanted to stay at a Hilton property. This is a new hotel. Room was small but nice ( I was not in long because dinner and early meeting the next morning). Staff was friendly.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great hotel - perfect location	A great find in midtown! The hotel was in the perfect location for business (barely a block from the Empire State Building) as well as a little leisure (about 12 blocks to Times Square). The staff was extremely friendly, the concierge very helpful. The rooms were small (but normal for Manhattan), but absolutely immaculate. The hotel was clean and safe. Note that the Standard King rooms only have showers - not bathtubs.Will definitely be staying here on future business and may consider it on my next leisure trip!	
Sep 1 2009 	The Absoulute BEST Location in NY	This hotel is relatively new, and the service is really GREAT.........When you get there ask for persons such as RYAN and RUDY....these persons make your trip so much more enjoyable and relaxed, the rooms are clean though small but just enough for your stay........Shopping is as far as your eyes can see, with Macy's being across the street and 34th Street shopping just on the other corner, TRUST ME, STAY AT THIS HOTEL AND YOU WON'T REGRET IT.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great find in NYC	Recently stayed here for a weekend getaway with the hubby. We chose to stay here based on the good price we got off Expedia, and other traveler reviews.Pros first. The location is great. Herald Square is literally steps away from the hotel, so hopping on and off the subway is convenient. You've also got Macy's and other big shopping venues right across the street. It's also not too far from Koreatown which was good, since we were planning to have a few meals there, so an easy walk from the hotel. The hotel opened this year (February according to our check-in person) so everything felt very new and clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful, even at midnight which was when we checked in. They automatically upgraded us to a city view room, which was nice. The rooms are decently sized especially for New York, with most of the standard amenities: fridge, safe, microwave, free wi-fi, iron/board, Neutrogena toiletries, etc. The best part of the room is the bed, which has controls on both sides where you can dial in your preferred level mattress firmness. We didn't think it would actually work, but after trying it out at different levels, we could definitely feel the difference. They have fresh coffee available every morning near the lounge in the lobby. A few cons. The bathroom is a bit crowded, although it may just be the design more than anything. The toilet is right next to the shower, so you kind of run into it every time you're getting in and out of the shower. The toilet paper dispensers are just a bit too far from the toilet, so you have to reach a bit to grab the paper. There are only 3 elevators for about 28 floors, which you would think would be enough, but during busy times - morning/evening rush, we would have to wait awhile to get one. We would've just taken the stairs but we were on a pretty high floor. Also, the printing system in the business center is a bit confusing. There is no direct link from the computers to the printers. Instead they send you a &quot;confirmation code&quot; which you're supposed to punch into a keypad, but we never got it to work. But all in all, relatively minor complaints.Would definitely stay here again, especially given the cheaper prices here vs. other hotels in the area, and the great location.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great hotel	Clean and quiet hotel, close to subway. Stayed 5 days, good service and friendly staff.Breakfast you can buy on the street and eat at Bryant park 5 minutes walk from the hotel.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent	Advantages: superb location (near Empire State Bldg, Macy's Store, Times Square; very good dining options - pizzas, fastfoods, eatery in Macy's...; 30 metres far from 34th street subway station), brand new clean hotel, A/C, big HDTV, free wifi and hotel PC center with printer (good for online airplane boarding :-), comfortable beds, coffee making facility, microwave oven, iron, free morning tea/coffee in a lobbyDisadvantages: no safebox on the room, one day we found our beer can open in a fridge with black hair on it (maid?), too loud during night (but you can turn on A/C and sleep with closed window :-), toilet paper &quot;too far&quot; when sitting on a closet :-))), badly reachable 3 elevators (hotel is 32 floor high, sometimes it take up to 10 minutes to call the elevator)	
Aug 30 2009 	An excellent choice!	Fabulous, safe, central location-- steps away from the subway, and within walking distance of many major attractions. The staff were exceptionally friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. The free business centre was a big plus. Overall, the hotel is new, comfortable, and I look forward to staying there again.	
Aug 29 2009 	Excellent choice!	My husband stayed here in May and was quite pleased. He gladly returned here with me and our teenaged daughter. We spent 8 nights in room 2703, and I couldn't have been happier. Looking out our window, to the left, we had a great view of the Empire State Building. Our double bedded room was on the smallish side, but very bright since the buildings across the street are so much shorter. The beds are very comfortable.The room conveniently has a microwave, refrigerator, coffee pot, and free internet. Whenever we encountered staff, whether it be a housekeeper in the hall or a front desk person, we were greeted with a smile and hello. We always felt welcomed and valued as customers. The elevators were occasionally slow, but I would guess that 90% of the time we had a reasonable wait. We also found the location to be great- 1 subway station outside the door, a 2nd one two blocks away. We could walk to Times Sq. in less that 15 minutes. Overall, a great stay and I look forward to returning to this hotel.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great Location Great Service	Normally a hotel with a great location in midtown Manhatten makes a hostel in Baghdad look good. This place is handily situated close to the subway and Penn Station and is easy to get find (once you find the right exit from Penn Station). The staff could not do enough for us when we stayed, right up to finding the nearest food outlet at 4am. They were a wealth of information and absolutely nothing was a problem. The rooms were bigger than I expected and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was a good size and the shower luxurious after carrying a backpack all day. Our room looked out over the Empire State Building and the views just allowed you to drink in the Big Apple. The free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel is a massive bonus. This is a fantastic place to stay if you want something central that is clean, tidy and need a helping hand every now and then to plan the day.	
Aug 27 2009 	Very pleased	New hotel with smart rooms (not small) in a good location. Nice touch - large fridges in reception with a selection of food / drink items to buy; great for us as we arrived late at night starving! Only complaint - lifts are small and get very busy; when one was out of order it caused delays in getting up to room so walked up the stairs (only 16 floors!). Overall - very pleased with our stay and would recommend. Top tip - hotel is very close to Penn Station so you can use the Penn Station to Jamaica (LIRR express train) for access to / from JFK - quicker than subway.	
Aug 24 2009 	Excellent Location.	This is our 3rd time to New York and have previousy stayed a hotel 2 blocks away but we would definalty stay here again. Friendly staff, efficient reception. Hotel just across from the 5oth street tube which takes you to JFK (1 hour and only$7- just shove your case through the turn style) Our room was much bigger than the other hotel and more modern. We particulary enjoy the location: one block to times square and 2 blocks from resturaunt row and our favourite Armish Market in Hells Kitchen. The food emporioum is just across the road where you can pretty much get anything to eat and take back to your room to put in the microwave. My husband particulary enjoyed watching the ladies do yoga from the view from our room - our view looked directly across to the yoga centre!Would definaetly go back.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great hotel - great location	We found this hotel through TripAdvisor and had a great time. The hotel is recently built, clean, well appointed. Room was on the small side, but not bad for midtown and the price. Great bed, very good staff. We love the Herman Miller desk chairs and the glass shower. The location is FABULOUS - the steps from the Herald Sq subway station come up right next to the hotel entrance. It's also a block from the Empire State Building, a ten minute walk from Times Square, and 5 minutes from Penn Station. We'll be back.If I had one minor gripe, it would be that this hotel needs more elevators and a service elevator. One of the three cars was out of service, and housekeeping staff was often using one of the remaining two. Walking up 17 flights is not an option.	
Aug 22 2009 	Best vacation ever!	We stayed at the Hilton Inn for 10 nights and enjoyed every single day! We only payed $135 +tax a night, and the nice lady at check in even upgraded us to a city view room at check in! I can think of now better deal in NYC. The room we got (2101) was spacios and very clean, we did not even think of wearing our shoes inside the room. Housekeeping excellent (although one day they forgot to refill our coffee, but that was a minor mistake as we anyways got free coffe in the lobby). Custom made omelettes for breakfast, and so on. Everything just perfekt. If I have to complain at something, it would be the crowded elevators. But I read about this problem beforehand here in Trip Advisor, so we were prepared, and it did not bother us that much. All in all, I recommend this hotel to everybody. 5 stars!	
Aug 21 2009 	Great hotel; fantastic location	This is a fantastic, newly built hotel in a great location. The hotel is on the intersection of two subway lines, seconds from Macy's, one block from the Empire State Building and a ten minute walk from Times Square. Also very close (one block) from Penn Station which connects to JFK airport. Bedrooms very good (although no bath), multi firmness settings on the matresses. There is also free internet connection in the bedrooms (bring a laptop) or from the business centre. We were upgraded on arrival to the 20th Floor and no noise from the road. I would highly recommend this hotal and would stay here on a return visit.	
Aug 20 2009 	Very Pleasant	We were a small group of 6 and we all travel often. It was a pleasure to stay in a clean and friendly place.	
Aug 18 2009 	Good stay great location...	booked through expedia and stayed for 10days. stayed in Rm602 from July20-30 2009.as the subject goes, had a good stay here... and the location was great -- close to 6th Ave (Ave of the Americas) and a stone's throw away to Macy's and JC Penny and the other shopping places, and of course Times Square! subways is literally jsut outside the door as well...front desk staff was very helpful and friendly.... concierge was informative although one of them (Jeremy) couldn't (didnt want?) be bothered to assist me to research some tourist info... he only know what he already know.room was small for a king-sized bed though but with so many things to do just outside the door of the hotel, didnt stay in the room much except to shower and sleep. wireless internet work very well in the room.didnt get to try patronising the restaurant/cafe there nor the bar... although didnt like it when a bar staff told me not to bring my own drink to the small garden (i had a diet coke) and that i have to purchase drink from the bar to be able to use the small garden...besides the minor dampers, i would recommend this to all people who wants to book an affordable hotel in the heart of all the action in NY.	
Aug 17 2009 	Thanks Trip Advisor for guiding me to this hotel	This hotel is in a great place, with a subway stop literally steps from the main door. It's about a 15 minute walk up Broadway to Times Square.	
Aug 16 2009 	Awesome value	Great location, safe and convenient to Times Square. Cookies at check in. Wi-Fi Internet. Brand new rooms looked great. We got a great deal on a pre-paid purchase - $139/night plus tax. We received a free upgrade to scenic view upon checkin.Only cons were small room size (there was no extra space, but everything was ultra functional and met our needs) and the lobby and elevators got a bit crowded.Highly recommended.	
Aug 15 2009 	Very Happy We Stayed Here	Our family of three stayed here from 8/7 -8/14. The location is great! It's steps away from the subway station, restaurants, gift shops, and department stores. It's a very safe area, although the first half of the block isn't that well lit, but by the time you get to the hotel area, it's bright. We've walked towards the dark part past 1:00 a.m. with no issues though, but it's just what you are used to. There are lots of people in the streets at all times of the night!The lobby is efficient (small, but space is very functional), and the air conditioning is SO welcoming on the humid and hot days. Concierge has a desk right in front and is very helpful even just to answer questions. The business center has 4 computers and some office supplies, but the computers aren't always working at the same time. If you're a business person, you'll want to rely on your own computer as these seem to be used more by tourists like me! :-) The fitness center is downstairs and consists of two treadmills, two ellipiticals, and 1 bike along w/hand weights from maybe 5 to 50 lbs. - I didn't see what the lightest one was, and there were several weighted medicine balls There was also a bench as well. There was ample space to use the large ball, mats for stretching, etc. I never saw more than 3 people in there at a time. I would have used it more, except we did miles of walking every day and stayed out late, so it was hard to work out on top of that.The hotel has 31 floors with 10 rooms on each floor. Two rooms on each floor don't have a view. I don't know what their view is or whether that means there are no windows. Our room was on the 23rd floor and we could see the top of the Empire State Building from our window. :-) Having only 10 rooms is great because there is less noise levels. These rooms are designed in a way to take into consideration the noise from your next door neighbor. We happened to have the corner room, but our TV was on the side against where our next door's TV was, rather than their bed, so we worried less about the TV volume, although were very considerate! Even though the ice machine and elevators are close to our doors, I only heard people talk once outside my door, and I never heard the people next to us or above us.The room was again efficient as in all space was well-used. This is Manhattan after all, so I was not expecting a spacious room. We had a room with two double beds (the price was around $162 plus taxes). Imagine a bed, then a night stand, the second bed, and a standing lamp. That would be one side of the room. Opposite that row is a desk and chair, flat panel TV on top of 4 small drawers (small as in height of drawer), but obviously wide enough to fit TV. Next to the cabinet was an ottoman. There is a full size mirror. In between the bathroom and the sleeping area is the cabinet where there is a small microwave, coffee maker (didn't use), ice bucket, cups, and other items associated w/coffee that we didn't look at, and below it was the mini-fridge that has a &quot;freezer.&quot; The freezer did the best it could. We would put a couple bottles of water in there to freeze, but it would only be 1/2 frozen by morning, but worked for our purposes.In the bathroom was a shower/tub combo, and the water level was sufficient. There was a toilet, albeit quite low, and 1 sink with soap, shampoo, conditioner, and mouthwash provided. Sufficient towels were provided as well.In general, everything in the room was fine, and the service was efficient. The minor things that could have been better: I used the ice bucket several times a day, but at least two days, they forgot to give me the liner; my &quot;sheet&quot; on top of the duvet looked dirty as in it had black markings, but I wasn't sure whether that was from us or already there the first night (as we were quite tired and hardly detailed) - I should have said something but was also hoping that they'd notice and change it on their own; at least once, we came back in the mid afternoon, our room wasn't cleaned yet - not a problem, but unexpected; not enough seating area - since I had the bad back, I always got the chair, but my husband and daughter had to sit on their beds, but that's the problem with less property, just something to be aware of.I would recommend this hotel to everyone and would encourage people to give it a try. It is at a great location, the service is efficient, the rooms are clean, and the price is really good, especially for a newly built hotel (February 2009).	
Aug 11 2009 	Just perfect	Great hotel, great location and friendly staff. This is a newly renovated hotel and everything in impeccable. We stayed on the 15th floor with a view on the 35th and our room was amayzing quiet, you don't feel you are right in the middle of Manhattan. We will definitively come back to this hotel!	
Aug 11 2009 	Great location brand new clean and free wi-fi too"	We recently spent three nights at this hotel. It had two double beds with nice linens and lots of pillows. There was a mini frig, microwave, and coffee pot in the room, they were stacked on top each other in an out of the way spot if you didn't need them. Our room also had a closet, suitcase stand, dresser, desk with light, and best of all a view of the Empire State Building. The bathroom had a granite countertop, hairdryer was in a bag on the door if you need it. The location is great, there is a subway stop at the end of the block. Self parking is across the street if you are bringing your car. They only charged me $35 dollars a night and we had a SUV. I called the hotel several times and the staff was always polite and helpful. No free breakfast but complementary coffee in the bar in the morning. Would definitely stay here again. Nice and new.	
Aug 7 2009 	Location Location Location!	This is a newer, small hotel located in Herald Square across the street from Macy's and walking distance to everything! If you don't feel like walking the subway is right outside. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly. Scott, the concierge, was very helpful and knowledgeable and FABULOUS! Got us tickets on a Saturday night to Billy Elliott (a must see show by the way!) The hotel is small--no big restaurant, a small bar and no bell service. The room wasn't that big either but hey--you're in NYC! There are bars &amp;restaurants everywhere! The hotel is a good value and a good location, I'd stay here again!	
Aug 6 2009 	Best value for location hands down	My company colleagues adore this hotel and I do now, too. It is near every Subway line (all major within a New Yorker-paced 10-minute walk). But my rate was just outstanding. I was also pleased with the amenities. It's a brand you can count on and the room was fantastic. Mine even managed to have a view looking uptown.Service was also outstanding. I was a sweaty mess after walking in... full business dress after a day of meetings on a NYC-in-August humid day. The front desk staff had a water bottle in my hands before a room key. At this level of hotel, little things like that turn a comfortable stay into a notably good one. And that level of friendly service remained the entire trip.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great location -- check you bill.	Except for the snotty desk clerk who seemed to think that we should know where the nearest subway station was (despite the fact that we had just checked in at night) and the billing error, we would rate this hotel 5/5 otherwise.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great Place Very nice but expect shortcomings	The Hilton Garden Inn on 35th St. has almost everything: Great location, (between 5th &amp; 6th Ave, 30 feet from the Herald Square subway entrance), large rooms (for NY City) free wireless -and wired - internet, everything new (opened about 6 months ago in Feb. '09). The room was very quiet - we never heard anyone above, below or next door, though we were at the end of the hallway next to the (15th floor) staircase, which some people used(!) and we could hear that door open &amp; close. A towel under our door fixed that. And the professional staff is great. But the housekeepers... well, they clean beautifully, but they forget stuff. Our room had NO toilet paper - just 2 empty dispensers! Fortunately, my wife was able to call down for me and they delivered the TP in about 2 minutes. (But if I'd been traveling alone...) Our flatscreen TV didn't work - Yes, I checked to make sure the plug was plugged in behind the VERY heavy furniture. So I called, and &quot;engineering&quot; was at our door in 5 minutes. Turned out the cord was unplugged from the TV itself. Didn't realize that was possible. But mostly, I thought the TV was something I thought the maids would have checked. And the bathroom fan didn't seem to work. Turns out, it's a constant-exhaust system. Not quite as quick to de-fog the mirror, but it makes no noise, either. Tips: To get to 42nd street on the subway, take ANY &quot;yellow&quot; train just one stop toward uptown. I always felt safe. It was a bit confusing at first, but people were always willing to help. Hotel breakfast is excellent but costs $18. Two doors to the left breakfast is $14 at the Metro Hotel. Cross 5th avenue and there's a Starbucks. Or go out the door to the right, instead; turn right on 6th ave. and there's McDonalds! The pizza place across the street delivers 18&quot; pizzas! Price is $14-$20 depending on toppings. However, you have to go to the lobby to get it, as they won't come to your room. Keep leftovers in your mini-fridge and reheat in your microwave. :) In the lobby you can buy sodas &amp; snacks 24/7.  A new drugstore is being built around the corner - more like a 7-11 on steroids, but with regular-size packages, several brands to choose from, at realistic prices. (Based on the one 2 blocks away.) All in all, a great place to stay!	
Aug 2 2009 	Perfect	Perfect situation, perfect price, perfect staff. We recommend this hotel and we will go back!	
Aug 2 2009 	Terriffic Hotel Terrific Location Terrific Rate	•We booked the “NY Super Sale” special “Evolution Cityview Double” (minimum 4 nights, 7 day advance purch) for 5 nights at $186 which I was pleased with. Me and two teenage boys. Two double beds.•Checkin a-ok (early checkin at noon). Front desk personnel pleasant and helpful.•The “cityview” package, I believe I read somewhere, gets you a higher floor. We were on 19 of 30. Terrific view of Empire State Building.•Smallish room (typical size for NYC). When I was sitting at desk, boys had to climb over the bed to get to the bathroom. But we expected small. Otherwise a terrific room. Beds to die for and they had some kind of adjustable firmness feature (a dial under a velcro’d flap on left front of mattress) which lets you make the mattress softer or firmer and did in fact seem to work as advertised. REGULAR SIZE PILLOWS, not those dinky shoebox pillows at some hotels. FITTED BOTTOM SHEET, a huge plus in my book. Flatscreen TV with Highdef. Microwave, coffee and mini-fridge for leftover pizza from John’s Pizzeria which is AWESOME when reheated the next day. SMALL but adequate closet. Roomy bathroom – not small. Terrific shower pressure. NO BATHTUB so you can’t soak your feet after a day of walking all over creation in Manhattan. Complimentary wifi. Ironing board/iron. No safe. Safety deposit boxes in lobby.•Nice looking gym in basement I would’ve like to use but we got our exercise in other ways.•Free coffee service mornings in the lobby. Free cookies around 5pm at front desk.•We did experience the lengthy elevator delay mentioned elsewhere on ONE of those days (Saturday or Sunday I believe). AT LEAST 20 minutes waiting for the elevator. All other days, no problem. Typicall we would head down around 8am each morning.•Airconditioner – there is a wall thermostat you can set in the room. Generally worked ok but a couple of nights there was a lot of on/off behavior from the unit. We were setting it low (70 or less) for sleeping and generally seemed to work other than the aforementioned nights. •Location – about 4-6 blocks from Penn Station. We took train in from Newark airport to Penn Sta then walked with luggage to hotel. Most days we would head to Penn Station on foot to take subway wherever we might be headed that day. Many attractions are walkable. Times square 6-7 blocks away for instance. Macy’s is a block or two away.•Maid service – a-ok. We would leave first thing in the morning and not come back until night. Side story – one morning, still asleep, I opened the coffee package. Took the inner coffee pouch out of the exterior foil wrapper. Walked toward coffee pot. Heard a spilling sound. The coffee pouch was NOT sealed, result ground coffee all over the floor. Notified housekeeping, they got if vacuumed up as requested. •There is a small bar and a restaurant. Visited the bar, pleasant. Did not visit the restaurant. I think maybe it is breakfast only.•Hotel I understand is new Feb 2009. Clean and new it was. Overall very pleased.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great hotel to stay in NYC	Thanks to the good ratings on Trip Advisor, we took a chance and booked a room. It was our first time in NYC in many years, so we were not familiar with the area. Staff is very helpful. Room and decor is tasteful, comfortable and clean. Great bed, too. Space a bit tight, but in NYC, it's a place to sleep and shower. Bathroom is well done -- suggestion: Make up mirror would be helpful. The cafe only serves an expensive ($20) buffet and I didn't know it when I got my toast &amp; coffee. But, the manager understood and didn't charge me. We could see the Empire State Bldg from our window! We would definitely stay again.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great hotel check in could have been better	We had booked 2 rooms here for a 4 night stay in early June. Check in experience put a dampner on the stay from the start. When we checked in i was informed that although we had booked and paid for in advance (2 months in advance) for 'City View' rooms we were allocated low level non city view rooms that would have costed approx $70 less per room per night. I said that this was not acceptable and that she either find us city view rooms or refund the difference. I was then informed that a refund was not possible and nor was a City veiw room. I explained that we had just travelled for 26hrs and not in the mood for this and requested to speak with the manager. While we were waiting to speak with the manager another couple arrived and the check in clerk advised them in a very happy tone that they were happy to let them know that they had been upgraded to City view room!! The manager could see that we were at boiling point and agreed to 'unlock' two city view rooms for us and they wre ready for us straight away, not very impressed that we had to go through all that just to get what we paid for!!! After saying this the staff were fantastic for the rest of the stay and very helpful especially the bell staff (Daniel, i think)As for the hotel it is a great spot and represents fantastic value for money. You are within 2 mins walk of Macy's (dont forget to go to guest services for the 10% disc card for international travellers!) 5 mins of empire state. Above the Subway, we walked straight down and straight onto a train that took us straight to the Yankees! (20 min ride approx) Fantastic proximity to Broadway 5th ave and only a 20 to 30 min walk all the way to Central park. Rooms are on the small side but are wuite large compared to other rooms in NYC!!	
Jul 27 2009 	Great experience	My sister and myself brought our mother to NYC for a Broadway play, and chose this hotel based on the reviews. We were very pleased - the staff was friendly, accommodating and very helpful. Our room had 2 beds and a great view of the Empire State Building. Ask for a room above the 20th floor if you want to enjoy the skyline! Room was spotless, beds great, flat screen LG TV, microwave, coffeemaker! Quiet!Concierge is right at the door, and is very nice!	
Jul 26 2009 	Convenient location	It's an alright place... location is good as Macy's is just across the street and within walking distance to Times Square.	
Jul 25 2009 	Absolutely Great! - Definately Recommend!	This hotel was fabulous.I stayed here during a long weekend in April for leisure with some friends. We originally had planned to stay in Jersey, but decided last minute to stay in Manhattan because of the convenience of being in the city.We got the recomendation from a friend to stay here very last minute and booked without hesistation. (and very glad we did!)-- Staff --The hotel staff were great. Friendly, polite, socialable, yet professional. We had absolutely no trouble checking in our checking out. Hotel staff wasy very helpful with directions and accomodating certain requests.-- Rooms --Rooms to a New York standard were spectacular. As my first time to NYC, i was expecting a room the size of a sardine can, but was pleasantly suprised with the spacious quarters with more than enough space to walk and store our luggage. Beds were very comfortable, linens were fresh and always clean. The bathroom was spacious with a very large counter top and a full tub with shower. And the room was decorated with quite the modern touch.-- Location --The BEST part of this hotel was the location. It was a short walk to Times Square, Empire state and other must-see NYC attractions. Lots of cute little places to eat (and the BEST brownie place just a few steps away). Everything is within walking proximety, but if you do require transit, the subway is right outside the door. SO convenient. The hotel itself doesnt have parking of its own, but has an agreement with a parking garage literally right across the street. The side of the hotel also has a cute little patio area where you can enjoy your morning coffee or a late night drink. Patio leads into the cute bar situated in the lobby.Overall the hotel was MUCH more than i could have asked for. We didnt opt for breakfast because we prefered to eat out in the city, but it was always fairly full in the mornings. We did however, take advantage of the free coffee which wasnt half bad. The hotel offers free internet available 24 hours a day with free printing as well and a 24 hour snack bar which was a plus to the whole experience.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great stay and i wouldnt hesistate to stay here again. In fact, i would prefer to stay here after reading all the reviews for other hotels in town.	
Jul 16 2009	Loved this hotel! Very clean modern and comfy.	This hotel was in a great location. We were close to Times square, the Empire State Building and the subway. The two big things that I care about in a hotel are the cleanliness and the comfort. The room was spotless, modern, and not too small. The view was amazing! The beds were quite comfortable. Usually I do not take my shoes off in a hotel room, but I actually did here because it felt that clean. I would definitely stay here again; there were no negative experiences.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great hotel - Super location - Right price!	We stayed three nights the second week of Julky. Room was great - very comfortable bed - microwave - free coffee in room and in lobby. Super fast check-in; pleasant staff. Hotel is in waking distance to everything wonderful - walked to Central Park to the North and great restaurants to 14th Street South. We would definitely come back here for our next stay.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great place to stay came home and recomended it to all my friends and family!	I myself booked the hotel without knowing anything about it just by reading tripadvisor's reviews from other people who have stayed there. We stayed here for 4 nights. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The Hotel was just opened this year in February, so its practically brand new. The best part: the bed!! That was the most comfortable bed in a hotel ever!! The not so best part: It rained on the day we got in, and because the building is so new (as it was explained to us by the front desk) there were wet stains on the carpet from some of the water seeping into cracks, creating the wet stains on the carpet (we were on the 30th floor, apparently it was only a concern for people up higher as no lower floors complained). They have a great gym downstairs, defiantly an asset. The place is centrally located, right off of Broadway (central shopping location), a block away from the Empire State building, 4-5 blocks from Times Square. The only other thing to mention that I was disseminated by was breakfast at the hotel which consisted of egg omelet and a toast cost us $20 per person. Way too expensive, a cafe around the corner has it all and more for under $20 for both of us. Over all, if I'm ever in New York again, I would DEFINITELY STAY THERE AGAIN!!	
Jul 16 2009 	Perfect in every way	My husband and I just returned from a five day stay at the Hilton Garden Inn and have nothing but good things to say about itThis is my third trip to NYC and I have stayed at a budget bare bones hotel with a shared bath and an ultra posh hotel with all the bells and whistles but this place is by far the best deal for the money!We booked a Revolution room with a king sized adjustable bed and a city view and were delighted to find the Empire State building was right outside our window! We were on the 22nd floor so traffic noise was not an issue at all. We were right by the elevator which worried me at first but I never noticed any noise from it.The room is small but that is to be expected in NYC. We had a desk with an ergonomic chair, a fridge, microwave, flat screen tv and a small side chair. Oh and free wifi! That came in very handy since my husband had to work for a bit. The bathroom looked brand new and was a decent size with a large glass enclosed shower and ample counter space around the sink area. The only improvement I can suggest is that they add another shelf in the shower for toiletries.As for the neighborhood it was perfect for our needs. There is a subway stop (the N,R,Q,W Herald Sq) just outside the front doors. Macy's is just around the corner and Times Square/Theater District is within safe walking distance, There are several Korean restaurants on the block, as well as an Irish pub, a newsstand with a deli counter and several other bars and restaurants. Also if you have clothes that need to be laundered I found a place one block away on 36th street with same day service.I can't stress enough how much we liked this place. I hope it stays well kept because we would love for it to remain our go to place for future visits!	
Jul 15 2009 	Brand new close to all can't wait to come back!	This hotel is brand new, clean and has friendly staff. The room was small, but it's NYC... what can you expect? Nice TV, super clean and you are in walking distance of times square, great shopping, great food etc. There is an inexpensive pub near by and affordable shopping for souvenirs. This is a great area, nothing scary even relativley close.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Hotel Friendly Staff Small rooms and poor management	The Hotel overall is great. It is a very nice location, the rooms are little bit small but its New York City. The funny observation that I would personally bring it up is that even do the staff at the Front Desk is very friendly, their Front Desk Manager Frederick Jones was very rude since the time of check in. When we were approaching the Desk to check in he looked at us and looked at the Clerk next to him and told her, check them in, and walked away, we felt like he was too good to check us in. Afterwards when we went to the desk to ask if they had a restaurant for dinner he simply looked at us and said &quot; No we don't&quot; and turned away to another guest....it was kind of rude...Overall Great Place, with a great Breakfast buffet and great locationI would probably go back one day, when they change the Front Desk Manager	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Hotel in Excellent location	This hotel is in an excellent location. I read so many reviews that I wasn't really sure where to stay. I took a chance on this hotel since it was new and was not disappointed. The Empire State Building and Macy's are right outside the door. All of the other attractions of Manhattan such as Times Square, Penn Station, Port Authority, etc. is a short walk away. We had only one problem with the hotel. I had a 8 hour delay arriving and instead of getting there at 1:30 PM we arrived at 9:00 PM. The hotel somehow was overbooked so I got a double instead of a king size the first night. I was not happy after the travel but was given 2 free breakfasts and a great room the next day facing the Empire State Building. The concierge wasn't the friendliest or helpful nor was the male desk clerk on the first night. The next day we got great service from the two female desk clerks. Unless you very picky, this hotel is a great bargain with normal amenities. I would definitly recommend and stay there again.	
Jul 10 2009 	Excellent Hotel in a great location	Checking in and out was a breeze, room was quiet, clean and comfortable. Midtown location was perfect - steps away from the Herald Sq subway with access to 8 different subway lines. Wifi was reliable as well.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great value in a great location	We booked via Expedia and got a great deal approx 3 months prior to arrival.Welcoming, friendly and helpful staff. New, modern, clean rooms. There were 5 of us (twin and twin for 3) and even with 3 of us in the room, it wasn't crowded!The hotel is located right by Macy's and one block away from Empire State Building and only a short walk to Times Square.When the reception is closed, you swipe your room keys to enter the hotel.We didn't eat at the hotel, as there's so much choice around you for places to have breakfast.The only problems we did incur was that the ice machines (one on each floor) were temperamental and the triple room only had glasses, coffee cups and towels for 2 people.We all thought this was an excellent choice of hotel for New York	
Jul 6 2009 	best location sweet price	This was our first trip to NY and we loved every minute of it! This hotel was in a great location (unbeknownst to us when we booked it) right next to the subway, between 5th &amp; 6th. We had a room on the 30th floor facing the empire state building, the view wasn't bad, we were expecting to be facing a brick wall. The price was considerably cheaper than most others in the area, so we were expecting a lot less than what we actually got. The concierge Marc was super helpful, and even managed to score us decent tickets to the Yankees game the day before July 4th. Parking is across the road at a public lots, but the hotel validates that for you so there's a discount, we only paid $100 for 3 days. There might be cheaper places to park but we didn't investigate that in advance. The neighbourhood is very safe and with such a central location we were able to travel to every part of the city via cab very cheaply. I will definitely re-book with this hotel for my next trip to NY.	
Jul 5 2009 	Location location location!	I stayed at Hilton Garden Inn West 35th Street for three nights during the Fourth of July weekend. I had booked the hotel straight from hhonors.com web site based on the positive comments here. No surprises. I was pleased with my stay.Check-in was very business-like and effective, actually more like cold.I was given a room in the 15th floor facing north. No view to the Empire State Building, but to an old office building some 20 feet away.The room was rather small, but not as small as some other Manhattan hotel rooms I've stayed in. There was a decent working desk with an ergonimic chair, a king size bed and a small ottoman. Everything was in great shape. Bathroom was small and spotless with a glass-encosed walk-in shower. Next to the door room, there was also a small closet for storing luggage and some clothing.Hotel has a restaurant and bar on-site. Breakfast was rather pricey (some 18 dollars) so as a light morning eater I preferred to use the nearby delis. There are dozens of delis and restaurants nearby.Hilton Garden Inn occupies a brand new building just off 6th Avenue. There is another new hotel building just next door, housing a Hampton Inn franchise. The hotel is situated about 60 feet from subway station for B, D, F, N, Q, R, V and W lines. Penn stadion is 2 blocks away.My only complaint with the hotel is the lack of safes in rooms. I know the safes are not part of the HGI concept, but they still would be a nice addition.To sum it up, I was really pleased with the hotel. I will most likely stay here next time I'm in New York City.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great NYC Rates	We have stayed here twice now. Within walking distance of Broadway theaters. Paid $139/night for a king room w/microwave and fridge. Clean room, comfortable bed, decent walk in shower (no bathtub). Typical Hilton Garden Inn - not a lot of amenities, but with NYC outside the door, who needs them. Parking is in a garage across the street, $35day.	
Jul 2 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for four nights at the end of June. There were four girls in one room. I would highly recommend the hotel. I don't have one bad thing to say about it. Like others have said, it is brand new so it is in excellent condition. We were on the fifth floor, and the hotel was extremely quiet. The bathroom was very nice, the shower was great. I was a little worried about the room being too small for the four of us and our luggage to fit comfortably, but it was no problem.Right outside the door is the 34th Street Subway station which was so convenient, and the subway was so easy to use. We easily got around the whole city by walking, subway and cabs at night. We got an awesome rate with a New York Super Sale rate. The staff was very friendly.I would definitely stay there again!	
Jul 1 2009 	Very nice hotel excellent location	Went to Manhattan with a friend in june 2009 and booked this hotel because off the good reviews it was getting. I can only confirm these reviews. Friendly staff, free internet, free coffee in the morning and we had a realy nice clean room (2 singlle beds) on the 23th floor with a big LCD TV. Location was perfect realy close to times square and the empire state building	
Jun 29 2009 	Great location clean and roomy.	I decided to book my stay at the Hilton Garden Inn after reading so many fab raves on TripAdvisor. I had only 1 day in NYC and had to make the most out of it, so the hotel location was ideal. It was walking distance to the Empire State Building and major shopping attractions. Room is of a decent size and more importantly, clean!	
Jun 26 2009 	Absolutely loved our stay hotel fab and great location :-)	We booked this hotel through Hotels.com and got a great rate. Initially we were staying from Sunday and checking out Wednesday as we were staying elsewhere afterwards to meet up with family, but that hotel was shocking and THANK GOODNESS the Hilton found us a room for the remainder of our stay in NYC so then checked in from Thursday through to Sunday again. Samira in particular was very helpful in checking us back in and managed to give us the same room back that we had just checked out from on the (top) 31ST FLOOR. It was brilliant. The room is a little small but it was a corner room and the City Skyline View is fantastic, especially on a night when it's all lit up. We had a full length window on the corner too so could see right round to Macy's etc.On arriving in NYC we walked to the Hotel from Penn Station after getting the Airtrain then LIRR overground train to see the views on the way in.The rooms as I say are a little smaller than expected but was fine for the two of us, though I do agree that there should be a safe available in your room. Other than that it was very nice and well equipped with a microwave, fridge, tea&amp;coffee facilities, huge shower and great bath products. The wardrobe is a little small but we just used the big drawers too which was fine.The hotel itself is very quiet, with complimentary tea&amp;coffee in the lobby until 10:30am, the reception staff and concierge are very helpful and we welcomed the complimentary business centre with free internet which we used to locate a couple of recommended restaurants and also for our online check-in for our flight home.The location is second-to-none as it's in the centre of everything - Macy's, Penn Station and Herald Square subway Station next door (which were great for getting to Brooklyn Bridge and Statue of Liberty), Times Square and Broadway, along with plenty of places to eat out.We would definately stay here again and are thinking of our return trip already :-) Would definately recommend to others.The only thing I would bear in mind is that because it was only built in February 2009 a lot of the cab drivers don't know where it is yet, so either give the exact address or just ask for Macy's/Herald Square Station (or the Hampton next door).	
Jun 25 2009 	Clean quiet great location so-so service	I met my best friend in NYC for a girlfriend getaway. We chose this hotel based on other reviews here and overall were impressed. The only thing keeping me from giving this place more points in the service category is the fact that we had a problem with the shower and it took three days to get it fixed. The shower head was not attached properly and water sprayed out sideways, causing the sink, toilet, wall and floor outside the shower to get wet. We didn't request a change of room because each morning, we asked for it to be fixed and thought such a simple thing would get done, but after the third day we were getting pretty irritated until finally a repairman showed up. I wouldn't let this keep me from staying there again, however - it is a new hotel and they probably have other kinks to work out, but there are plenty of good things about this place.	
Jun 24 2009 	Just want we wanted	The Hotel is new and in great shape. The Room offered all that we needed. The addition of the flat screen TV was a nice touch. Also the complimentary business center was a great bonus. We had a late flight out so it was nice to be able to store our luggage while we toured the City that day. The subway is right at the doorstep. The Hotel is only 7 blocks from Times Square, a nice little walk. Would recommend to all.	
Jun 24 2009 	Excellent Stay	Staying in New York for the first time, we wanted to be in a central location close to the main attractions, transport and shopping. I couldn't imagine a better location after staying there the last six nights - only a stone's throw to Macy's and the subway, and close to the BoltBus drop-off/pick-up locations for their Boston &amp; Washington DC services (also recommended).Room wasn't huge, but had a nice comfortable King bed, a good size bathroom with a large vanity, a wardrobe, a flat screen TV, desk and a fridge. Free internet was also a great bonus. It was also quiet at night - it's worth being that extra few blocks from Times Square which is going all night every night. In saying that, it took us 10-15min to walk to to Times Square depending on the lights.Would absolutely stay there again. Great value!	
Jun 24 2009 	West Side or Javits' Center Business?	Clean, efficent, practical and comfortable. If I have to work nearby again this hotel would continue to be my NYC business travel #1 choice.	
Jun 20 2009 	Good Value Excellent Location	Well as you know this a very new hotel built from scratch so its still in showroom condition &amp; appeared to have a high quality finish. Its location is supberb, right across from macys, with good transport links nearby and central enough to walk to most places.The room was on the top floor of the hotel (31st) with views to the back, Ive been to NY before but I love the city skyline day and night, so a room with a view is always important to me. The hotel foyer area was nice, greeted on arrival, so good start. (Flew into EWR so just got the train to Penn station and walked round) Check in was swift, 3 lifts I think servicing the 31 floors, but never had a problem waiting for them. The rooms were compact, not really what I was expecting, but I suppose for a couple of days they were ample. Free WI FI in rooms was great, LCD televisions, air con, microwave, coffee maker, fridge, iron &amp; ironing board. The room also had a tiny single closet that really wouldnt hold much. Why did they not put safes in the rooms, I will never know. It seemed to be the only thing missing and the most important thing for a tourist, maybe they will sort this soon.I really couldnt fault this hotel, and I got it for an rate about £110 per night so I was happy with that. Its clean, comfortable, and with most of the amenities required. The location was ideal location for tourists. I wouldnt say it would be great for families, just because of the smaller room sizes. They have complimentary coffee in reception every morning, that you can take away, which I thought was a really nice touch. We did not eat in the hotel so I cant comment or that side, But &quot;Pax&quot; and &quot;Andrews&quot; were great for breakfast, both about 5 mins walk away.I only give 4 stars because I would really like this hotel to get room safes.	
Jun 19 2009 	Good Place to Stay	We just got back from this our trip to New York City and staying at this hotel for several nights helped make our trip totally enjoyable. I read the TripAdvisor reviews to make my selection and the reviews were spot on.The service was excellent- the staff was friendly and cheerful. The bartender even trusted us to bring back his last wine bottle opener. The hotel is new and shiny, having just opened this year. While the room is a modest size, the bed is large and comfortable and the bathroom is large with a big shower, vanity and mirror. It had a coffee maker, a microwave, refrigerator, free internet and a large flat screen TV. And, considering its New York City, the hotel is inexpensive and a great value! There is even a parking garage across the street which will give you a discount by staying at the hotel. If you plan to explore the city, this hotel is in the perfect location- close to Times Square, Empire State Building, Penn Station and within walking distance of the MOMA, Rockefeller Center and Central Park. There is bus service on the next blocks (5th and 6th Ave) and subway entrances are within a couple of blocks (Hearld Square) Of the many cities I have visited, New York may be the worst when it comes to providing signs for the subway. They use colored light poles. Get a map from the hotel.This hotel is the perfect place to stay if you plan to see the city.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great Value	I stayed at the Hyatt for business 3 nights, which is nice but $100 a night more. My husband and I moved to the Hilton Garden Inn for Friday night. We were greeted by a very friendly front desk clerk who allowed us to check in a little early. The early check-in was nice because we could get the luggage situated. The hotel is one block from the subway. It is out of the hustle and bustle a little but easy to get to a play or central park. The room was excellent. It was very clean. The bathroom was bigger than the Hyatt bathroom. The bed was very comfortable.We got the deal with the free breakfast. The omelettes made to order are good. The buffet is typical buffet food.When we checked out, they stored our luggage, which was nice. We went to Central Park. The Museum of Natural History is fantastic. It is several floors and has every kind of exhibit from cultures of the world to dinosaurs.I highly recommend this hotel and I do travel a lot. It will be my stop again for personal travel to NY.	
Jun 14 2009 	Good Location Good Room Good Price	The hotel is right off Herald Square and a subway which makes getting around the city very easy. The rooms felt very clean, if a touch small. The bathroom was average size and nicely appointed with plenty of hot water. Overall, the hotel is a great value and a good location.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great bang for the buck and a fun stay	I can't say enough nice things about this hotel. My husband and I stayed there in June, 2009, for a short vacation to NYC. This hotel is well-situated, close to Penn Station, and a reasonable walk to Times Square. The staff are pleasant and friendly. And the rooms are great. They're definitely small, but they're new, thoughtfully designed, and have everything you could want for a stay in the city. Our room had a microwave, a mini-fridge, a nice LCD TV, and a well laid-out design with a desk and a comfortable chair. The bed is great - it's super comfortable, and the bed linens are crisp and clean. We both got great sleep. We didn't have any issues with noise, either from in the hotel or from the outside. The room was quiet, and the blackout shades really worked. The bathroom is good. It's small, but it's well-designed, so that you can get around. The shower can get really really hot, so you need to be careful there. But it's not a big deal. And the shampoo and conditioners are nice.I think the hotel was designed for business travelers, but it was great for adult tourists, too. I don't know whether young kids would like it as much, since the rooms are fairly small (not suited to running around in) and the hot water can get really hot. But all in all, I thought that the hotel was nice, convenient, a great value, and pretty much got it right on all counts.	
Jun 9 2009 	it's all good....	Chic, modern and comfortable. Good words for a hotel room in NYC. We had a corner room just below the top floor. We were told the mechanics of the building are up there and it might be noisy.Our corner faced MSG and Macy's. But we also had an unobstructed view of the Empire State Building.Our room was spacious with a micro/fridge. Sometimes with a new hotel, the kinks need to be worked out, but we experienced nothing to complain about. Ice machines are located on every other floor. This really is in a great location. Also, steps down from the hotel is another new Hilton property, A Hampton Inn. Just steps away from that is a hotel called Hotel Metro (Hotel Metro has stood the test of time--stop in to look at the lobby..you'll love it!)Parking was about $36/night, and the garage is directly across from the hotel.	
Jun 8 2009	excellent hotel in the heart of manhattan	First time to NYC and couldnt have chosen a better located hotel. Hilton Garden Inn was excellent, right next to Macy's, one metro stop from Times Square or a short 5 minute walk. Rooms all new, a new hotel, and very comfy, flat screen TV and microwave for making tea and cofffe, or even ready meals if you on a budget or have spent too much shopping! The staff very helpful.Internet conenction is free as is the use of the business centre, WiFi in the room. Breakfast was not included for us, and this is not ncessary in NYC with so many cafes and supermarkets you can buy your own much cheaper anyway. Hotel was quite busy mostly with tourists I would say, Concierge not very knowledgeable, twice we were given incorrect information on tourist attractions which annoyed me. all in all, an ideal choice of hotel in a perfect location. The Garden Inn was great and I would definitely stay here again should the price be right, we paid £120 per night including taxes for the room only. Wouldnt have paid any more than this. PS NYC is very expensive!!! be warned, average glass of wine is $12-15 dollars in most medium range restaurants, cocktails around the same price!	
Jun 8 2009 	Good Position but	GOOD: The position is very good, in front of Macy's and very close to Empire S.B., Times Square and 5th Avenue. The hotel is new and clean, close to bus stop and metro . Comfortable bed.BAD: The room was small and without wardrobe!We stayed 10 days and it was terrible! Every time we had to open/close suitcase. Price is not so good, I knew a couple of people who stayed at METRO Hotel, close to Hilton , for cheaper price!They said many good things of it.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great hotel !	My husband and I stayed here from 23 to 28 May and had a wonderful time.I can't fault anything about the hotel. Check-in was smooth. I made a note in the reservation saying that the trip was for a birthday. They wished me happy birthday on arrival a gave me a small box of chocolates which I thought was a nice touch. We booked a Cityview room and got one on the 26th floor (no issues with the elvators as mentioned in some posts before). The rooms are very clean and the size is absolutely fine. It didn't feel cramped or anything. The bath room is a nice size as well with a walk in shower. Toiletries and towels are replaced daily. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel but got a free cup of coffee every morning before setting out to find a place to have breakfast.You can make use of the business centre at no cost. It has 4 PCs and a printer. I never waited more than a couple of minutes to get a pc. The hotel is situated just next to a subway which was great. It took us 10-15 minutes to get to Wall Street and Harlem.We walked to most of the other sites. Macy's is a 2 minute walk from the hotel as is the Empire State Building. Times Square +/- 10 min.I would defnitely recommend this hotel and if one day we go back wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Hotel for 1st Stay in NYC	We were looking forward to staying at this hotel after all the great reviews on TA and we were not disappointed. For some of our party it was our first stay in new York. For a first time stay in NY it is the ideal location for exploring the city. The subway is 2 minutes walk away so great if you don’t want to walk all the time. We had just flown a 7 hour flight and we arrives 3pm ish on the Friday of a memorial day weekend. We queued just for a few minutes and were served very quickly. We had faxed before to ask for an upper floor room as had been suggested on TA but it seemed they hadn’t taken this on board in fact we had two rooms on the one booking but they still managed to have one room on the 12 floor and one on the 15th floor – even though the 15th floor room had an adjoining room. Our reservation was made 10 weeks prior so their allocation of rooms seems to be a bit funny! Anyway the room are a bit tight for space but it just means you keep a bit tidier! I have stayed in a lot of 4 and 5 star hotels and although this is a 3 star hotel it was the same league as a 4 star hotel room – likely because it is nice and new.We were there on a holiday weekend and we were told the hotel was full but in all honesty we never had a problem with waiting for lifts.The cleaners were excellent and very nice and greeted you in the morning. I also met one of the Hotel engineers in the lift who helped me with my bags – again a really nice man.The Reception staff were lovely and I must admit we all have a soft spot for Tiago – he is a lovely guy very helpful and remembered our names especially Nicola who says Hi Tagio!You don’t need to take your laptop with you as they have computer and net access free for guests plus a small shop area too opened 24/7.If you are looking to stay in NY at a hotel that is very comfortable, safe and I feel at a great price then I would recommend to stay here.Only thing I wasn’t happy was with the two rooms on different floors but slight grumble.	
Jun 5 2009 	Brilliant!	A really good hotel in a brilliant location. The rooms are very clean and the beds very comfortable. Its in an ideal position, we were able to walk everywhere. Not far from Penn station so easy access to the subway. We didn't have breakfast - thought it expensive at $18.00. We found a great diner round the corner for breakfast - think it was called Tommy's. A great Irish bar on the same street for a night cap. and Macys just across the road. What more does anyone want!!	
Jun 2 2009 	Awesome new hotel in a great location	I spent five nights at this hotel with my girlfriend recently and I have nothing but good things to say. As mentioned before, it is brand new and is situated next door to a new Hampton Inn hotel. It really is amazing how close you are to Times Square. We were able to walk from the Hotel to there as well as other hot spots in NY which made things really convenient.The service at the front desk was always good and we had someone take our luggage up to our room upon our arrival. The cleaning staff cleaned up the room daily, even on days when we slept in. Nice new flat screen TV in the room, fridge, coffee, hair dryer, and automatic thermostat.The only downside is the room was a bit small. It was hard to find a place to put our suitcases. Other than that everything was fine. We had a room on the 14th floor with a view of the back side of the Hotel. Can't hear any street noise at night. You can open the window in the room and it's amazing how silent it becomes when you close it. We also didn't have any issues with the elevators. There are three of them which I think is plenty.I recommend walking down the street and checking out the restaurants and bars near by. There are a few Asian places, and a bar we really liked called O'Reilly's. They were having $3 Blue Moon beers all weekend. Great deal! There's a bartender there that looks just like Ross from the show &quot;Friends.&quot; I mean dead on! He was cool. You are also right near the ESB and shopping.Anyway, I'd stay at the Hilton Garden Inn again.	
Jun 2 2009 	New Hotel	This is a new hotel. Stayed on the 28th floor faceing the Empire State Building and Macys. Great view. New Hotel. Well kept. There are still some things to correct from construction but the staff is trying. The rooms are small but in NY thats OK.Stall showers are great.Breakfast not worth the $18. The rolls were frozen and not fresh. Made omlets were good. Wait staff are a waste. Tip the cook instead.	
May 29 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed at this hotel for 7 nights and evverything was perfect. The room was very clean very comfortable bed the best i've ever slept in. The room a bit small but its enoughfor 2 persons. our room was cleaned every day . The stuff were very friendly and helpfull.Evevry morning there is hot water and coffe and milk in the lobby. They also have a free internet room with five stations , a printer and a scanner. That was very comfortable for us. The location is just great, 10 minutes from times square, near 34th street with lots of shops, and a subway station just in front of the hotel.We will stay there again.	
May 27 2009 	I Want That Bed!	I got an excellent rate of $139. And yes the king bed took up most of the room, but it's a nice little room. I've had smaller rooms. It also has a fridge and microwave, a nice sized TV and a desk, and I still had room to move. The bed was great, very comfortable with lots of pillows. Great walk-in shower also. The water was very hot, but I don't think that should be a complaint. Just mix some cold in. The location is great. Just a short walk from Penn Station. I walked everywhere I went. If you're not a walker, the subway is right there. I found the staff to be friendly and efficient. I would definitely stay there again, except it will probably be way out of my price range next year!	
May 27 2009 	Great Place to stay!	I red all the reviews before choosing a Hotel here at Tripadvisor. I'm very picky and a clean freak, and believe me this hotel is very clean. The most advantage about staying here is the location is near everything, like said in other posts, the best part is that otheh guests were asking how to get to chinatown on the subway, and the staff explained so well thah we also join the group, there is a subway station a few steps away, take the N to Downtown you get of at Canal Street and there it is Chinatown, walk to Mulberry street and you are in little Italy, or dony get off and change to #4 get of at Brooklyn Bridge and take a walk in it, or just continue and take #6 and get of at Fulton Street and you are in Ground Zero, very easy and fast the only thing is the subway that is very dirty and smelly but very worth it. May be the rooms are small, but you are in NY!! we hardly spend any time in it, there is so much to do here!!!	
May 27 2009 	Clean good location and price but..	We stayed for 4 nights on the 10th floor, May 13-16th. Yeah the room is a bit small, but my wife and I are small people, at least it was more spacious than a cruise ship! We liked the fact that the room was clean, updated, and had an empty fridge for our sodas, water, and snacks, microwave for warming food or popcorn, and the towels were fresh. However, we did not like the slow, if not forgotten service in cleaning our room each day. The first full day of exploring the city, we returned back to the room at 4pm to relax and it had not yet been serviced! We complained and had to put our shoes back on and go down to the lobby and wait while the maid serviced our room. The same thing happened on the third day even though we showed up earlier at 2pm. We waited in the room for a couple hours till I called the front desk to complain which they immediately sent the cleaning lady up. They really need to speed up the service with cleaning the rooms!Also, the brand new ice machines need some tweaking or an attitude adjustment. There is a sensor that is supposed to sense the ice bucket when placed in the tray in order to automatically dispense the ice. Well, it needs some adjustment because I had to put my fingers over the sensor in a certain position in order to get the ice to dispense. At least the water dispenser worked fine.The breakfast buffet is nothing to brag about. The egg station was the only good thing about it. Everything else was cafeteria grade food at best found in a hospital! And at nearly $19.00 a person, is a joke. You are better off paying a few dollars more at I high end hotel for a much better breakfast.Other than that, I would still return and stay there again for that price, convenience and location. They just need to improve on a few things.	
May 25 2009 	New hotel with great value at excellent midtown location	We stayed 4 nights and liked the excellent location of the hotel (very close to Empire State Building close to 5th Avenue shopping, Macy's dept store, Broadway, Times Square and Bryant park) and that the interior is still very new. The hotel only opened Feb '09 so is still in mint condition. It's a narrow hotel : on the street front the hotel is only 5 rooms wide and about 30 stories up. Three elevators make that you never have to wait long to go up. Staff are friendly, and the fresh juices and fruits at breakfast make a healthy start of the day. Above all the hotel is very functional.Of course the rooms are small - what would you expect in the centre of NYC? Of course the rooms lack &quot;soul&quot; but who is looking for soul in a Hilton hotel could better book a designer boutique hotel elsewhere in the city. The room had a big flat screen television, a comfortable bed &amp; mattrass and good airco. If you're looking for a hotel to explore the city from, this hotel offers good value for money, great location and clean and well appointed rooms will make us come back here again.	
May 23 2009 	Good but VERY VERY small rooms	HGI at 35th Street is in an excellent location with the usual HGI amenities. The problem is the the size of the room. I was on the 30th floor and the view is spectacular. The front said I was assigned to one of the larger rooms. The king size bed took up most of the room. The &quot;clothes&quot; closet is the size of a broom closet, the ironing board is not regular size. I had to swivel the desk chair to sit and get up, cannot roll the chair back.The breakfast was good, made to order omelets, eggs, pancakes or waffles. The fruit was fresh each day.The bus boy spilled water all over me while clearing the next table.	
May 16 2009 	Functional clean comfortable but very soulless	We stayed at the HGI for four nights and can offer the following feedback:First the good stuff:The hotel is as every other review states brand new and this gives it a very clean feel with everything having that new smell. The rooms although much smaller than we have ever had before in NY are functional and comfortable with the bed being OK – the plasma TV was great and the fridge in your room being big enough to hold drinks etc. There is a coffee machine provided and very nice sachets of coffee which where replaced daily. The bathroom was very clean and the walk in shower OK – watch the temperature of the hot water though, both myself and my wife managed to scald ourselves – it is very, very hot!The not so good bits:There is no in room safe – you can make use of a deposit box in reception however this means you have queue every time you want to use it. This seems a little odd as every other hotel be it in NY or not normally provides one in the room, seems like a cost cutting exercise.The bed was comfortable for us although I imagine that many would find it way to hard – there are adjustment knobs on each side of the bed however they appeared to do nothing.The hotel staff whilst being professional are far from friendly and the concierge only works 9-5 with what seemed like long breaks. I tried to organise a car back to the airport but because it was before 9 or after 5 the reception staff wouldn’t oblige only being prepared to leave messages for the concierge rather than book it. On the last time of asking the receptionist suggest that I hail a cab…! For reference there is a private taxi firm that wait outside the hotel that are contracted to the hotel, why I wasn’t directed to them I will never know however they are fantastic, use them.Every time we left or entered the building the staff would look away trying to avoid eye contact with Jeremy the concierge pretending to be on the computer rather than having to say hello or good evening – not once during our stay where we greeted, I guess this is their choice however it is the first time I have experienced this in a hotel.35th Street feels run down and dirty, from Herald Square up it is fine however the block that the hotel sits on is mainly parking and rear entry of buildings – I guess maybe we have been spoilt by staying at hotels like the Affinia Dumont and the Embassy Suites however it is amazing how much difference the surroundings make.In summary this hotel is pretty good value, the rooms are OK however for us the staff and the location we will mean that we will not be returning to the HGI West 35th Street. If the rates are comparable stay at the Affinia Dumont!	
May 15 2009 	Nice Hotel and Great Location	I spend A LOT of time looking for hotels before traveling and this hotel met all of my expectations. First, the location is great. It's on a nice street, near Macy's, and a subway stop is located a few steps from the door. This stop was very helpful because it was easy to travel uptown and downtown on the lines at this stop. (Most of the other lines stop at Penn Station which is not too far, and it's a nice walk to the hotel).The rooms are very clean. The hotel only opened in March 2009 and it was built on a site that used to be a parking lot, so it is not a chain taking over run-down hotel/building. Everything was new and clean. The rooms are a nice size for two people, and they have a very nice bathroom and full shower. The rooms have comfy beds, a coffee maker, and a mini fridge. The downside is that there is not an in-room safe. We were on the 6th floor and never had a problem with the elevator. We took the stairs at times, but always took it up to our floor at the end of the night. Most times, there was an elevator waiting on the 1st floor to take us up. The floors only have about 10 rooms per floor, so it keeps things quite. And check out was a breeze- they slip a bill under your door and you can do an express check out on the tv. They also held our bags after the noon check out time. Anthony even hailed us a taxi as we left the hotel. The only reason I give this hotel 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the AC. It was very loud in our room every time it shut on and off. It might wake you up a time or two if you are a light sleeper. They also have a conservation policy that regulates the air temperature during the day that keeps the aire a little warmer than what you set the thermostat for. It is nothing that I would shy away from this hotel for, but I thought it's worth mentioning.Overall, this is a great hotel, and we would stay here again.	
May 14 2009	Beautiful hotel was almost too good for the price!	Coming from the Hampton Inn MSG Hotel on 31st Street, my mother and I felt like we had automatically upgraded. The whole atomosphere of the hotel is business casual, with the emphasis being on Business. I'd imagine this type of hotel would be good for a businessman/woman coming in from a flight... Anyway, this hotel comes with many amenities: a &quot;pantry&quot; where you can get things from candy to microwave dinners, needless to say, everything is overpriced, so I'd suggest going to Walgreen's on 5th Ave (next to the Empire State Building) for all your around the clock needs(there are also some other small fast food restaurants on 6th Avenue but we didn't have any need for them, personally), cable TV, a business center, gym, ice machines on every 3 floors, wireless internet, microwave and refrigerator in the room. I particularly loved the chair and desk. I am usually on my laptop and I enjoyed the setup. There was a lamp on the desk with two outlets in it, along with a large mirror. The desk was pretty large. I should mention that the room was small but it was not uncomfortable like the Hampton Inn's room. Also, I thought the way they folded the edges of the toilet paper and tissues was a nice touch. If there were anything negative to say about this hotel, it would be that the TV seemed to be in transition between analog and digital with some analog channels not having any sound or no picture at all. Also, this is a personal quirk of mine but I was a bit uncomfortable with the almost cold professional attitudes of the staff. I suppose it bothered me since we had just come from the Hampton Hotel where the staff is friendlier but at least they did their job efficiently. Small quirks aside, both my mother and I would love to come back the next time we decide to vacation like this. With the Senior Rate of $170 (excluding tax), it would definitely be worth the money.	
May 10 2009 	Worth the Money	Arrived Sunday morning at 10:30. Unfortunately, the hotel was booked and could not get into our room. However, did preliminary check-in and the staff kindly took our luggage. Check in at 3, quick easy process. New hotel, very clean, conveniently located, pleasant and accommodating staff.The only thing I did not like was the shower. After a shower when opening the door, it leaked water on the floor. Easy enough to fix with a bath mat, just a very poor design for a new hotel. Room was a little small, but more than adequate for two people. Overall a very good experience, and would definitely book this hotel again.	
May 7 2009 	A wonderful experience	We went into the city to spend the night, which is truly a luxury for us. It gets tough getting away with three children. We absolutely loved the Hilton garden inn. The rooms were beautiful and the service was exceptional. A clean new hotel that was able to offer that comfortable homey feeling. The beds were so comfortable and the location perfect. We are looking forward to our next trip into the city and our next night at the hilton.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great location excellent value...	My wife and I stayed here for an awesome four day weekend. The hotel was a perfect home base; as others have noted, the subway entrance is literally a few steps from the door. By the end of our stay my wife and I were getting around the city like seasoned pro's.The elevators were no problem; once or twice we had a couple minute wait, but it was not any big deal. Be certain to check out the two Irish pubs a few steps down 35th; both places were worth visiting. The hotel is very close to Herald Square, which makes it a nice spot to direct taxis to.The staff was most accommodating, storing luggage the day of our (early) arrival as well as after check-out prior to our evening departure. All in all, highly recommended.	
Apr 30 2009 	expected much more from a kind of hilton hotel	we've stayed in this hotel for 5 nights last week (4/20-4/25), as our grand finalle for a month tour in the us for our honeymoon. we've been to 14 different hotel, but this one was the only hotel which didnt reach our expectaitions.i will start with the good things so u see im objective:after reading the reviews here, and a very good price in a promotion (139$ + tax per night) i've canceled a reservation in another hotel and resereved this hotel.we our partly upgraded upponm arrival with a &quot;city view&quot; room - means a room above floor 15. we were affraid only from the elevator problems that many of the reviews wrote about - a long wait and crowded elevators - but this part of the hotel was fine - no complaints (although staying at 21th floor).the room itself was small - no place for your luggage and small closet.i will mention the excelent location of the hotel - it was really great - close to everything -7 min walk from times square and on a metro station.but unfortunatly 3 major problems ruined those good things:1) the main problem was the house keeping - it was equal to 1 star motel: one day we didn't receive soap at all - we had to call twice (!) to front deskand wait almost an hour in order to get a soap.after a long day you really want to take a shower... the other day garbage cans were left full in the room (!!!) the garbage included food leftovers and the room was smeled equaly.... in 5 nights bed sheets were replaced only once. we used sugar and tea that was supplied but that wasn't refilled the day after.'ve spoke with the front desk which guarnteed that they will talk with the housekeeping manager in person - but the problems repeated.i will add that on our last day my wife wanted to use the restrooms in the lobby and they were really dirty !!needless to say that i didnt a 5 star housekeeping but im in a hilton hotel (although the garden inn) and in my opinion those things are basics... - correct me if im wrong.2)second problem was noice in the hall - the room doors were heavy and it slams every time you close it - we heard all nights door slamed in the hall. house keeping didnt helped in the morning and slammed the service door that was next to our room all morning (from 8 am) including vacuuming from 9 - u cant sleep late at this hotel.3) third problem was long waits to the reception - 2-3 people and still a long line.if u only need chk-in and out that could be fine (unless u are in a hurry to chk-out) but the problem is no safe at rooms - only at the front desk - so u might need them on daily basis (btw - no safe in the room was a surprise in a new hotel....).in my opinion this hotel doesnt worth its regular price, and it was a real disappointment for us.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great value for the money	We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights. The accommodations were great. especially with a refrigerator ,microwave and a coffee-maker . The view at the city and the Empire State Building was spectacular.The location was very convenient toshopping , dinning and the theater district.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great new hotel in perfect location	My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights in late April 2009. We got a great rate ($122) through the hotels website...would have gladly paid up to $200. This place is brand new, the rooms are &quot;normal&quot; size and have comfy (adjustable) beds, Hi Def TV's, nice toiletries, refrigerators, microwaves and more!We had reserved a King room, and were accidentally placed in a 2-double room. I made a call to the front desk and they were very quick to apologize and move us to a King room. We were on the 24th floor and never once had to wait more than 3-4 minutes for an elevator. The hotel was very responsive to our requests (asked for more towels one afternoon, asked for directions to places, asked for an early check in and late check out, etc...)The location is perfect. You are, literally, 10 steps from a subway station that will either take you where you want to go or get you to another station that will get you onto the line that takes you where you want to go. We saw a musical one night and enjoyed a 10-15 minute to our theater (in Times Square area - about 10 blocks away.) You are steps from Macy's, Empire State Building, Bryant Park and many other great places! We've been to NYC five times now, and this place, especially considering that it was $122, was hands down the best place we've stayed in!	
Apr 26 2009 	Perfect Hotel for NYC Stay	I stayed in the Hilton Garden Inn on West 35th Street with my cousin for 5 nights and I don't think we could've chosen a better hotel for our stay. The reason for booking this hotel was because of the option to have 2 double bed in a room which seems to be a bit of a rarity in New York City. The location could not have been better for exploring Manhattan Island and the surrounding boroughs. There is a subway right outside the hotel which we used for getting all around the island as well as Brooklyn and a mall trip in Queens (The Queens mall is pretty sweet if you want all your shops in one location, and it's a fair bit cheaper than Manhattan). Although the subway was useful when we were a bit tired, we were able to walk to most of the big attractions easily. The walk up to Times sqaure took about 10 to 15 mins and further up to Central Park another 15 (Top of the Rock is a definite must do on a clear day).The room was pretty big and we had an awesome view of the Empire State Building. It had a 32 inch HD TV with quite a few HD Channels. It had a coffee machine and complimentary wireless internet access which was very useful. If you need to print boarding passes or anything there is a business centre with a laserjet printer. The shower was insanely good and complimentary Neutragena shower products were replaced daily. The beds were comfortable and the hotel was generally pretty quiet. Previous reviews mention problems with the frequency of the lifts, we personally didn't encounter any problems and we were on the 9th foor. The hotel bar was pretty cool, we met some interesting characters there. The drinks were a bit on the pricey side though.We had an evening flight back home and the hotel were very accommodating by giving us a late 2pm checkout and a secure location to store our luggage whilst we enjoyed the last few hours before we departed to the airport. Fredrick was kind enough to book us a private hire taxi car to the airport which had a fixed rate so the meter wasn't ticking up in the heavy NYC traffic - I would definitely recommend this as it makes the journey back less stressful and the cars are very comfortable. Overall it's a sweet hotel and would definitely go back to stay there again.	
Apr 26 2009 	A most comfortable four nights	The accommodations were delightful...the view, the location, the suggestions for dining and the Neutrogena products! I especially liked the convenience of having a refrigerator and microwave in the room for a quick breakfast or a celebratory nightcap to a perfect day! The other plus for me was the freedom to take my own luggage up to the room with the aid of a cart supplied by the hotel.	
Apr 26 2009 	Everything We Hoped For!	We have just returned from a 5 night stay at this hotel. Apart from a couple of check in issues, we could not fault the experience. We arrived at approx 6.30pm and there was a small queue at reception, however it appeared that the rooms were only gradually being released after cleaning and so we did have to wait for our room. This was a bit frustrating after a long journey. However, it was worth the wait as the room was perfect. Modern, spotlessly clean and a full view of the empire state building from our window. The shower was excellent and we enjoyed peaceful nights sleeps. The room was not very big but it was adequate for 2 people.The hotel location is perfect. Close to Macys (which we visited many times!) and just a few steps away from the Herald Square subway which again we made good use of as it has direct lines to all parts of the city. We would recommend visiting the nearby PAX for a good quality, valuable breakfast. We also had an excellent meal at the nearby Keens steakhouse on West 36th Street, where a meal in the restaurant is pricey but worth it. We also ate in the Keens bar which was reasonably priced but equally enjoyable.If the prices remain reasonable we would not hesitate in booking this hotel again in the future. Excellent value and far superior to other hotels that we have stayed at in New York for similar prices.	
Apr 25 2009 	overall excellant experience	great location, comfy rooms and friendly, accommodating staff	
Apr 24 2009 	You wont believe your in a NYC hotel	this place is sparkling, if you get a room for under 200.00 its well worth it!!so new and clean! just above Herald Square. 10 min walk to penn station.and 2 doors down is O'Reillys Pub. This pub is awesome, try the Goose Neck? pale ale on tap, (the tap is a Goose head)_ so wonderful i went and had one in the morning INSTEAD of coffee. The food is excellent in this pub too! I just wish they had t shirts!the Irish waitresses were beautiful and professional! I will stay here until it gets run down. standard Rooms arent that big but thats not a big deal if there are less than 4 in your party	
Apr 24 2009 	new great room and excellent location.	Hotel is only 2 months old and it shows. Rooms are very clean and smart with hd tv`s and fridge, microwave and coffee maker, and the room i had on the 16th floor had great view of the empire state building which is only 2 blocks from the hotel. Bed is big and very comfortable. I know a lot of people say hotel rooms in nyc dont matter because you are out most of the time, but it is nice to come back to a bit of comfort rather than a dark hole. Check in quick and friendly and rate i got was very good vfm. Location is superb, next to herald sq/ macys, and subway station ( 34th herald sq ) is next to hotel. Great trip and great hotel.	
Apr 23 2009 	A+	I've spent three nights with my wife in this hotelWell, it's absolutely perfect. Our room was 1807, with a great view of the Empire State BuildingThe room was clean, with a super king bed and a 42&quot; LCDThe concierge was more than helpful. We were looking for an Indian restaurant and he found us one just a few blocks away The underground is 30 metres from the hotel entrance.The rate I found on the hotel site was a very cheap one.Free internet accessWhat else shoul I add?Enjoy this hotel, it's perfect to visit NY	
Apr 21 2009	Amazing! A Home from Home..as they say ;)	Amazing amazing amazing! just returned from a week's stay from 12th April 09 - 19th April 09...Was perfect for me, sister &amp; mother. We stayed on the 23rd floor with the 'Empire State Building' right infront of us &amp; Macy's to the right side of us, therefore our room view was amazing &amp; the location of the hotel was perfect for us. Eventho we often took taxi's coz of our lazy selves..the subway station was a 2 second walk &amp; infact u could really walk anywhere coz we were so close to everything. Times Square &amp; Broadway were a few blocks away...Empire State Building was literally round the corner like 2 streets away (if u turn left on 6th Avenue)..Macy's is located to the left-side of the hotel in 'Herald Square'...Bryant Park was 2 blocks away...Grand Central Terminal was also few blocks away on 42nd street &amp; Park Avenue...Area is so lively with so much to do &amp; so many places to shop at on 6th Avenue but at the same time your sleep will never be disturbed at night...area seems to calm down at night &amp; hotel windows seem 2b soundproof :)Hotel is new &amp; therefore sooooo clean, tidy &amp; organised. This was good because eventho i knew i wouldnt be staying in the hotel for long, im very fussy when it comes to hygiene..especially when it comes to beds, bed sheets &amp; bathroom. But be rest assured coz they were all so perfect &amp; was lovely coming back to a clean &amp; spacious room after a long tiresome day!All hotel staff were lovely &amp; often said 'Have a nice day!' like they do in the States...Only dissappointing thing but wasnt a huge issue anyway, was the fact there was no room safe eventho it was advertised on their website. Instead there were safe's by the reception desk that the reception staff were more than happy to lock your small valuables away for you...therefore had to leave my laptop in the room which didnt worry me because housekeeping staff were so lovely &amp; friendly...Didnt have breakfast in the hotel because of past reviews saying that it was expensive so we went a couple of times to 'Jimmy's Coffee Shop' which was located round the corner on 6th Avenue. Hotel had free Tea &amp; Coffee every morning till 11am which gave us a headstart anyway...Would definately stay here again without a 2nd thought...just hope &amp; pray that rates dont rise which obviously will be the case because its still brand new therefore it will in time..well im just lucky that we had the ooportunity 2 stay here at an excellent price of £140 a night for a twin double bed cityview room by booking on expedia.com :)While in New york i recommend the 'CityTour' blue bus which is a Hop on/Hop off Bus that takes u Downtown, Midtown, Uptown &amp; Brooklyn..we paid $40 per person &amp; bought tickets from the ticket-agents that roam the streets in either a bright yellow or blue jacket. Ticket lasts for 72 hours so u had a choice on when to take the tours depending on your energy :)Also recommend dining in 'Olive Garden' on either Times Square or 6th Avenue...food is 'UNBELIEVABLE' &amp; portions r amazing!!5th &amp; 6th Avenue are great places for shopping but not on the cheaper scale...so i recommend going to 'Woodbury Common' &amp; 'Jersey Gardens' which are both Premium Outlet locations...but go early coz 'Woodbury Common' alone has over 220 stores! We took the bus (costing $42 to Woodbury and $10 for Jersey Gardens) from the 'Port Authority Bus Terminal' on 42nd street &amp; 8th Avenue. Well worth the visit &amp; stores close at 9pm!Anyway I had an amazing vacation &amp; u will too by staying at this hotel! They even kept our bags for us in a locked room by reception on the day of our departure back 2 London. Therefore we had the chance 2 do any last minute sightseeing &amp; shopping b4 it was time 2 leave for the airport!	
Apr 19 2009 	Hilton Garden Inn - recommended!	The hotel is new, clean, safe and so handy.We paid £450 for 5 nights and stayed in a double evo room - great value for NY.Bedroom great size, comfy and clean with good view of empire state building.10 mins walk from times square.1 min from Macys.5 mins from empire state building.In between 5th avenue and broadway.Taxis right outside will take you anyway and subway just outside door too.I would recommend this hotel for any short break in the city.By the way there are 3 lifts and I only ever waited about 30 seconds for one!. No room service late at night, but small shop at reception where you can buy snacks. Good fridge and microwave in room - handy!	
Apr 16 2009 	Quality Hotel In The Middle Of Manhatton	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights at the beginning of April. The hotel has only recently opened, so cleanliness and quality of the furnishings was perfect as you would expect. The bed is really comfy (and adjustable) and the room we stayed in on the 24th floor was of ample size for the middle of New York. The free wireless internet in the room was really useful and worked perfectlyAs all other reviews have mentioned the location is ideal for New York. The subway station is literally outside, and is quite straightforward to use. It is easy to walk up to Times Square, Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, Macys, 5th Avenue and up to Central Park. Also there are a number of Delis and restaurants close by which makes getting meals easy after a long day walking.We opted for the bed and breakfast rate at the hotel, being first time visitors we thought this would be the easiest option. The breakfast buffet was OK, basic choices but freshly cooked - eggs and omelettes a speciality! The hotel also offered free tea and coffee in the foyer which was a nice touch.The lifts, which have been mentioned in other reviews, are busy but we were never inconvenienced by waiting for too long. As a first time visitor to New York I think in terms of cost,location and quality the Garden Inn was the perfect choice.	
Apr 13 2009 	Reality Check Review from NYC/Hilton Veteran	We've been to NYC every year the past several years and for NYC and other travels have stayed at Hilton Garden Inns (incl the other one in Times Square). Lots of mentions in previous reviews of the free internet in the rooms, comfortable beds and pillows, hi-def TV, microwave, great shower, alarm clock, fridge. None of that is anything new from any other Hilton (or many hotels). So what makes *this* Hilton special and what are the problems? This review will provide a true picture and some advice to minimize the problems. Because it is, so far, a good deal.Although Times Square is a better location to get around from, this is also a great location by the subways. Nearby Herald Square always had an event happening and it is adjacent to the Macy's from &quot;Miracle on 34th St&quot;. Around the corner are lots of grocery, deli and food choices with good hours. The price is very good for a hotel of this quality. Not mentioned in reviews that I saw is that the cold tap water in the rooms is actually cold. This may be more of an American liking but most hotels &quot;cold&quot; water is actually &quot;luke warm&quot; needing supplement from the ice machines. Now the bad: The taxis don't know this hotel exists yet--the downside of being &quot;new&quot;. We took 5 cabs--they all know of the other Hilton Garden Inn; they don't know this one. They know the hotel next door called &quot;Metro&quot;. So when you take a cab, tell them &quot;Hilton Garden Inn&quot; and tell them the address, maybe even the corner it's on. Ask them to repeat it so you know they got it (cause they're on their mobile ear piece). And don't watch the TV in the cab but pay attention. Also, there is not a &quot;glitch&quot; in the elevators, it is a design flaw in this new structure. There are three elevators but they are small. They each fit three adults and two large suitcases. So you may wait for an elevator a long time; it will arrive &quot;full&quot;. And if you try the trick of hitting the &quot;up&quot; button in the plan of at least getting in before it gets full on the way down, then be prepared to find it &quot;full&quot; even on the way up. This has the most impact when you are trying to check out--or trying to catch an elevator at check-out. There were dozens of furious people Sunday morning in the lobby who &quot;missed&quot; their check-out due to being unable to get an elevator that wasn't full. Some folks had to take their luggage down six fights of stairs. (We checked out Monday thank goodness.) They weren't happy with the answers (or non-answers) they got. The other design flaw is that some of the rooms are small--smaller than other Hilton typical rooms. So how to minimize these issues? First, get a room on the top floor (or nearest) if possible. That way you should be able to get into the elevator with your bags for checking out before the elevator is full. The smallest rooms are on either end by the stairs so when you are assigned a room, find out where it's located. Else just call the desk and ask for a room switch. Would we stay here again? Only if we got a room on the top floor. Even checking out Monday we couldn't get an elevator for nearly an hour with room for our 2 persons and two bags (even 1 person and 1 bag). This was two hours before checkout (thought we learned from observing Sun fiasco). It's not that everyone was also checking out; it's that they were starting their day and only 6 people, no bags, fits on each elevator. And there are 30 floors of people.	
Apr 13 2009 	Location Location Location	Hi Team, well we're moments from checking out and oh so dissapointed to be leaving - there is just too much to do in this town and this hotel just makes everything so easy. I want to say from the outset that one has to remember that they are in NYC and therefore space is at a premium. This means that you need to get use to living in a compact area for a while. We found this to be true of the hotel, dinners, theatre seats, ect. So with this in mind, this hotel is compact but well laid out and very functional.The hotel is only 2 months old which adds a nice &quot;new smell&quot; to everything. The rooms are well furnished, comes with a fridge, microwave and coffee maker (Ya!). New flat screen TV was great....as was free wireless internet! Beds and bedding were also absolutely lovely.Comfort to one side the location was fantastic being just 30 seconds walk to the front door of Macy's Easter sale, as the wife and my credit card found out. Further, we were 5 minutes walk to the broadway theatres and took advantage of a couple of shows. If that wasn't enough the entrance to the subway is just right out side of the hotel next to bank atm and the hotdog vendor....NY at it's finest!Lastly, I have to compliment the staff, especially Patrick the barman, who was entertaining, helpful and spoiled our 10 year old with Shirley Temples! A true gentlemen and a credit to this hotel.Hilton, very well done!	
Apr 12 2009 	Made in Manhattan!	Although our trip had been planned for ages, we only booked the Hilton Garden Inn a few weeks ago when we noticed the favourable rates; however, we are SO pleased we did! The hotel is in a fantastic location - as other reviews have stated, the proximity to the subway and key locations can't be beaten. We were able to walk to several of the places we wanted to see as first-time vistors to the Big Apple (we were especially appreciative of the ease with which we got to Madison Square Garden for the Knicks game). The area is so busy that we had no concerns about walking around at night. We paid for a City View room which got us a 24th floor room with a skyline view. We weren't on the side with views of the Empire State Building - but this meant we had a much bigger room. It was spacious and in perfect condition. Everything which helps to make our stay more enjoyable was peresent and correct: a large, comfy bed; a powerful shower; free WiFi; unobtrusive staff. We had booked a bed and breakfast rate so started every day with a substantial, if uninspired (but with an omelette/egg station), breakfast, which made life easier as we had a full itinerary! We would look no further than the Hilton Garden Inn if we were to visit New York again as it surpassed our expectations; go on, book it!	
Apr 12 2009 	Good hotelgreat location	Stayed at this hotel between 6 April and 11 April 2009. I would recommend this hotel; it was modern and clean in a great location for exploring Manhattan. The room we had on the 19th floor faced the Empire State Building and afforded views of the skyline. It’s about 400 yds from Macy’s and an easy walk to Times Square. The staff were uniformly friendly and helpful, particularly the concierge who arranged our taxi pick up for Newark and recommended a very good restaurant (Olana on 27/28 and Madison.) I would advise anyone to get up and go to the nearby “Pax” for breakfast if they don’t want to pay for the hotel buffet, it was good and plentiful, Jimmy’s diner on 6th was also good.Overall we really liked this hotel and would definitely go back. I was very pleased with I as a base to explore the city.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great rate ... great location ... clean 	Recently visited NYC and found a great rate at the W 35th Hilton Garden Inn. I usually stay closer to Central Park, but found this to be a fantastic location for everything ... a block from the Empire State Building ... 2 blocks from Penn Station ... 10 minute walk to Times Square ... and the subway station is literally just outside the front entrance.The hotel is super fresh and clean, and the staff was equally friendly and helpful. The room (king evolution) was a bit small, but ok for what you need (bed, shower, closet, TV). And they did a great job with sound-proofing everything...hardly noticed anything other than an occassional siren which you would hear anywhere.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent value	We stayed for five nights in a king-size bed room on 11th floor facing 35th street. The stay at the hotel was perfect:* It opened up in March '09, so everything was brand new. The room really looked as advertised on the website -- something I haven't experienced before in any hotel :-) Also take a look at the hotel photos contributed by travelers* There is a fridge, a microwave, a coffee maker, a small closet (with iron &amp; board and plenty of hooks), a board with drawers, a desk (with LAN cable), two phones (one at the bed, one at the desk), a bathroom with a big shower and hairdryer. While the rooms are small there is still enough space to move around comfortably.* The bed was very comfortable with lots of pillows* There is a flatscreen HD TV set with about 40 channels (incl. HBO), most of them in High Definition.* At the bed there is a device where you just need to press &quot;Rock&quot; or &quot;Pop&quot; etc to find music for your taste. It also has a standard stereo jack, which means that you can plug in any personal audio device (iPod, walkman, etc).* Wired and wireless Internet are available, fast, and free of pain and charges.* The new windows keep the street noise out of the room. This is luxury in NY.* There is no messing around with vents or 200-year-old A/C devices. You simply set the desired room temperature digitally.* There are three fast elevators, and it usually took less than a minute from the lobby to our room. However, there seems to be a bug in the elevator software: on two occasions we had to wait like 5 minutes or more.* There is a workout room in the basement* Breakfast was not included in the room rate. However this was evident from the notes during booking, so no surprise here.* The location is unbeatable. There is a subway entrance right next to the hotel entrance for N, R, W, Q, V, B, D, and F trains (35th St &amp; 6th Ave north-east corner entrance/exit), another block to the west there are 1, 2, 3, 9, A, C, E trains. A couple of blocks to the east there is access to 4, 5, and 6 trains. So within a couple of blocks distance there is access to almost all Manhattan subway lines, local and express. This is simply perfect for exploring all areas in NY. Macy's, the Madison Square Garden, and Penn Station are also around the corner.* The area is busy day and night, weekday and weekend, so we felt safe at any time.* There are Korean restaurants and some bars and Irish pubs down the street* The value/price ratio is very good. I paid $139 plus tax per night, a special rate that is charged in advance and cannot be cancelled or changed. I don't know if this was a special offer, but it was A LOT cheaper than the standard rate with default cancellation policy.Finally, we didn't need any hotel services, since everything just worked. This is not a Microsoft hotel, it's the Mac of 3-star hotels in NY :-)	
Apr 8 2009 	A Rip Off	I stayed there for three nights on a weekend and will never stay there again. The rooms are small but clean. There is no Continental breakfast or anything. You have to pay 17.95 for the breakfast. The elevators are small and take forever to move. Reserved the room with a Visa debit card but paid for it in cash and then find out a day later that they took 600.00 from my checking account to hold to make sure there was nothing wrong with the room or nothing was taken. Now I have a bounced check for somethingf else I needed because they attached my account and it takes at three days to get the money unfrozen. They dont tell you this when you check in and they say it is some kind of NY Law. I have never had that problem with any other hotel in NY. You want to stay on 35 th street, go next door to the Hampton Inn or across the street to the Comfort Inn. The Hampton has at least a free breakfast.Stay away from the Hilton Garden Inn on 35th Street between 6th and Fifth Ave.	
Apr 8 2009 	Brand new hotel in a great location!	I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for 2 nights. The location is great--MSG is an avenue away and there are plenty of restaurants to choose from. Macy's is also close as are plenty of stores for shopping. The rooms are comfortable. There is a flat screen tv, a microwave, a refrigerator, a desk and an ergonomic chair. The mattress is just heavenly--you won't want to get out of bed!! There is a dial at the head of each side of the mattress to change the softness/ firmness level. The amenities are by Neutrogena. The shower has great water pressure. The only snafu we ran into was with the room being tidied. We were gone all morning and housekeeping had not cleaned the room. It was quickly remedied with a call to the front desk. However, the amenities were not replenished. I guess the hotel is working out the snags. The lobby had a small business center with four computers, which were free to use. There were also 2 printers. Parking in the garage is across the street and there is a discount when you stay at the hotel (I paid $35 for 2 nights). A fitness center is also on site. There are many restaurants on 35th street--several Korean restaurants that were crowded with people, which is always a good sign. There are also some pubs down the same street. There is a restaurant on site for breakfast but I did not eat there. Times Square is not far away and there is plenty to eat over that way. Overall, the Hilton Garden Inn was comfortable and I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 8 2009 	GREAT choice at Herald Square	This is one of several new Hilton Garden Inns that have opened in Manhattan. This has nicely appointed rooms which include a microwave, refrigerator and a large flat screen TV. Because the hotel is new, everything works. The rooms are a bit small, even by New York standards, but this really wouldn’t be a problem unless you were spending almost all of your time in the room. The hotel staff are great; both friendly and efficient. Hilton Garden Inns are not full service hotels and therefore the amount of public space is limited. Nonetheless, there is a nice fitness room with state of the art cardio equipment and a small business center with free internet on three computers. There is a restaurant and a small, but pleasant bar. I ate at the restaurant only for breakfast; it was good, but not extraordinary. I surmise that other meals are likewise. There are plenty of restaurants in the same block, let alone within a few blocks, so there is no real need for the restaurant at all.The location is GREAT! Across Herald Square from Macy’s, a few blocks from Penn Station and Madison Square Garden, a number of bars, restaurants, stores, etc. nearby. Subway access is great – an entrance to the Herald Square station is about 20 yards from the hotel.All in all, hard to imagine a better experience in this price range. This is a great choice. NB: A good place to eat and drink is Docks on 3rd Avenue at 40th St., a short walk from this hotel.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great value great location	As with the other posters, had a really great experience.Stayed 2 nights (Fri+Sat) on the 19th floor - there are only 10 rooms per floor, with 6 facing the street. Very little noise. I think there were about 30 floors.We had a fantastic view of Empire State building and Macy's.Subway very handy. Bed is comfortable, Flat screen TV excellent. They also had power sockets in the bedside/desk lights - very handy for charging ipods/phone, while still using them. Fridge handy for storing milk/juices etc. Microwave equally handy.re: elevators. The only problem was in the morning going down, and I reckon if you are staying above the 15th floor it is not an issue.Reception was also great . Free WI-FI also a plus. Had a 3 PC's + printers + fax machine in the business centre. Printed off my boarding cards for Continental flights back to Europe - walked right by huge queues in Newark. Saved at least 30 mins queue time.Had dinner in O'Reilly's bar 100 metres down the road - was about USD75 for 2, incl drinks, tax, tips, 1 desert.Re breakfast - costs USD18 each + tax + tip in the hotel. It''s a package so you cannot split out.On morning 1, got breakfast in a deli near by, and brought it back to the room. The hotel has free coffee/tea in the lobby, which you can take away.On morning 2 went to a cafe nearby, was USD18 for the 2 of us.Also, we arrived at 8.15am, but could check in to the room, which was great.Left luggage room was small, so they store bags in the restaurant were breakfast was served. Bathroom contained branded toiletries.Rate was excellent - around USD138 per night, per room + tax.Will try post photos later.	
Apr 4 2009 	Fabulous FLAWLESS FANTASTIC!	We stayed here for 6 nights our room was on the 9th floor facing the street NO NOISE at all. Location is great walking distance to practically everything subway station outside the hotel however we hardly used the subway as everything is close by. Bed is comfortable, I agree with previous reviews about the elevators they did take long to arrive and they were also tiny. Hotel is brand new and has that new smell as soon as you step off the elevator. The service was also great Frederick in particular was most helpful and went out of his way to help us. Free WI-FI also a plus. I would definitley stay here again.	
Apr 1 2009 	3 great nights	10 minute walk to times square. Right next to Empire state and Madison Square Garden. Rooms are very clean and new. Complimentary internet is included as well. We thought the beds were great!	
Mar 31 2009 	Perfect replacement for a bad hotel!	I recently stayed at this brand new and wonderful hotel when my group left another hotel because of deplorable conditions. Upon walking in, you could smell the newness of the place, and tell that things are still in pristine shape and the staff wants to keep it that way!I had some minor problems with staff, mostly because they were ALL NEW!! The problems included room keys being misprogrammed twice, not having change, misquoting the actual closing time of the bar, and not being positive how to award my Hilton Honors membership. Again, these were minor little annoyances that were quickly resolved and will undoubtedly be fixed within a short time. The only other complaint I have is that the elevators are Vermont Maple Syrup slow! Dude, we're talkin' SLOOOOOWWWW!!Among the MANY positives of this fine new establishment:-Great central location close to Empire State building, Madison Square Garden, Macy's, and only a 7 or 8 minute walk to Times Square.-Wonderfully clean room, with good air conditioning, nice beds, refrigerators, microwaves, and fantastic showerheads with good towels and nice bathroom fixtures.-Great, flat screen televisons.-FREE internet service.-Simple, but good breakfast buffet. Overpriced at $18 + tax, but it's Manhattan, so expect that kinda stuff everywhere.Certainly a hotel I'll gladly stay at in the future, as long as rates are as reasonable as they were this time!	
Mar 30 2009 	Will go here again	I would recommend this hotel to other people. The location of this hotel is great for people who want to go around Manhattan and Downtown. The Empire State Building is 1 block away, where you also get the chance to take tour buses which go north and south. Macy's is 2-5 minutes walking distance and Time Square is 7 blocks away. The room price may be slightly high, but it will save you money for taking cabs. As soon as you step outside, there are several places you can eat. The breakfast at the hotel is expensive, but if you step outside there is a breakfast van which sells food a lot cheaper. The customer service was excellent and the rooms were very clean. I will be booking at this hotel the next time I go to New York	
Mar 30 2009 	Ideal location	This brand new 'little' gem of a hotel is ideally located for Midtown. Although it's right next to 6th Avenue and the expected noise, we found it just fine. It's also a block from the Empire State building so if you get a room with a high floor you'd be able to see it from your window. Our room was on the 15th floor. the only annoyance was the sometimes extended wait for the lift. There are 3 but they do get busy at times. For breakfast I'd recommend you go elsewhere as the one offered by the hotel is pricey. Free coffee and tea in the lobby in the mornings is a nice addition. I/we would definitely come back here again!	
Mar 28 2009 	A very good value	My husband and I enjoyed this hotel. The rooms like new and very clean. It was quiet and the staf friendly and competent. The location cannot be beat. A very good value for the price.	
Mar 26 2009	Great Location Great Deal	We stayed one night at the Hilton Garden Inn on W.35. My only regret is that we were there just one night. The hotel is perfect -- just reopened after a renovation so new and clean and perfect. Can't say enough good things about this property. Such a relief to find a place so reasonably priced and so well located in NYC. The rate was $171 with taxes, which we were very happy with. The staff was helpful and pleasant. The location for this hotel is also fantastic. You are right at Herald Square, walking distance to Penn Station, Korea Town, Macys, etc. And, another huge bonus: the subway station is a few steps outside the hotel's front door. You can't ask for much more than that. You can get to Chinatown and Times Square without transferring and in just a few minutes. Free wireless high speed Internet access is included in your room price. Our room had a litle fridge, which is so handy to have.	
Mar 26 2009 	Very Good Hotel in a Great Location	Initially, I found a really good rate ($139 / night) for this hotel on Travelzoo.com. However, on the hotel's web-site, I found even better rates! ($129 / night). You can also pay upfront for parking at a discounted rate of $35 / day. The garage is literally across the street...very convenient. To me, there's something very comforting about a brand new hotel (everything is new &amp; clean). The rooms were decently sized for a NY hotel (I had the King Evolution room).Here are my thoughts on the room.-I thought the bed very was comfortable and they had very nice linens.-The room had nice furniture. This included: a comfortable chair in the corner, nice desk with Herman Miller chair &amp; a small refrigerator/coffee pot/microwave area attached to the desk.-The 32 LCD with HD is always a nice touch.-The bathroom was great. Nice tile shower, marble counter-top &amp; Neutrogena products.-The free WiFi was also very nice.By far, one of the nicest things about this hotel is it's convenient location. As mentioned in an earlier review, there's a subway stop right outside the hotel (Herald Square). 35th Street &amp; 6th Avenue...pretty prime location. I did not utilize the bar or restaurant (too many other options right by the hotel). Overall, I had a great stay! I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 21 2009 	The bed was great if you like sleeping on a rock...	We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn from Mar 19-21, 2009. We just got back today. It was a great location, the staff was friendly and the hotel still had that new smell. We found the bed very uncomfortable. It was VERY FIRM on the softest setting. The linen was very nice as was the duvet. The bathroom was a good size comparable to a hotel chain outside the city. The shower was great (water pressure, temperature and size). The room thermostat was excellent and kept the room the exact temperature you requested. We had the king city view room 2104, 21st floor. The view was OK. I could see the &quot;AC&quot; in &quot;MACY&quot;. I could see the top of the Empire State Building if I hung upside down off the bed. If I were to stay again I'd request a higher floor. No in room safe but a complimentary safe deposit box with key behind the front desk in the lobby. The room was smallish but comparable to Manhattan rooms. Room was very clean, decor was nice, furniture was new, flat screen TV was great. We never need housekeeping as we were only there two nights and the bathroom was stock with lots of towels. If coming in from Grand Central take a cab for $4 it's better than hoofing it or changing trains 2-3 times with luggage. We avoided the lobby for breakfast as previously suggested and ate out at the delis, pizza places (on the corner) and pubs (Playwrights - Shepards Pie and Dublin Fish-n-Chips were great) within a block of the hotel. Avoid the deli between Pax and McDonalds at night at least. My fiance and I stopped there at 8pm and went to their extended salad bar. It was $6.99 per lb. We went upstairs to eat and found a rowdy, not so safe feeling, makeshift bar scene with interesting &quot;characters&quot;.	
Mar 18 2009 	Excellent location	I was nervous about this hotel because when I booked it had no review. I was pleasantly surprised at how nice and clean this hotel is. Checki in was smooth. Some fresh chocolate chip cookies while you wait for check in. The room is a typical NYC size room. Very clean. Clean bathroom with a nice shower. Neutrogena toiletries provided. Bed isn't the most comfortable but still not bad. Free wireless internet. Free business center 24 hours for printing and faxing. Hotel also has a 24 hour fitness center.The location is the best! Subway station is a few steps from the hotel entrance. Macy's is less than a block away (across the street really!). Lots of bakeries, cafes and restaurants nearby. I will definately stay here again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	My Wife and I really enjoyed this hotel. The rooms were very clean. We stayed on the 5th floor and never heard any street noise. Check inn was a breeze and the hotel staff were very helpful and professional. We did not eat in the hotel resturant because of the price ($18.00), but there are several nice little resturants in the area within a 2 or 3 minute walk. The subway is 100 ft away and Macy is a 3 minute walk. Great hotel will return and stay here again. The conceigre was very knowlegable about everything and was very helpful.	
Mar 17 2009 	Wonderful Stay at the Hilton Garden Inn	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn on West 35th Street from March 11 to March 14th where we had a wonderful experience. The hotel is brand new and this is reflected in the guest rooms and in the public areas. We stayed in a room on the 29th floor—there are 31—where we had a wonderful view of the Empire State Building and of the front of Macy’s where the Thanksgiving Day Parade occurs each year. I imagine the lower floors have a more limited view because of the surrounding buildings.The guest rooms are of a typical size for a Manhattan hotel. The bed was extremely comfortable, and a major selling point of the hotel for us was the small refrigerator. It is very convenient if one wishes to stock it with their own choice of beverages during their visit. There is a well-stocked market/deli very conveniently located right around the corner on 6th Avenue. The room also included a microwave and a large HD flat panel television as well as free Internet access which is a nice amenity for a city hotel. The thermostat worked properly so it was easy to keep the room a comfortable temperature. The widow also cracks open if one wishes to have some fresh air and hear the city sounds. With the window closed the room was practically soundproof, and this is a plus in such a busy area of the city if one desires a quieter environment. The only negatives I found in the room were that if one person was sitting at the desk it was almost impossible to walk behind them without climbing over the bed; there is limited space between the bed and the desk. However, after looking at the photographs on the hotel’s Web site it appears that some of the rooms are set up in a different manner than ours was. Possibly we gained a spectacular view for a smaller room. Also, our room had a shower not a tub as is shown in the photo gallery, and I did not notice a safe. Neither of these were important to us; the room served our purposes well. We were rarely there except to shower and to sleep, and we slept quite comfortably.The hotel has three small elevators, and we never encountered a wait. However, the occupancy of the hotel during our stay was only around 50%, so I do not know if the elevators might pose a problem if the hotel was at full capacity. The lobby is small and functional with a seating area and a bar. There is a breakfast cafe, but we never visited it. One is responsible for getting one’s own cab, but his only affected us on our return to the airport, and a cab drove up as soon as we stepped to the curb right in front of the hotel. (We noticed cabs along West 35th Street frequently, and one would have no problem hailing one on 6th Avenue or in front of Macy’s where there is a dedicated taxi stand) The rest of our visit we walked and rode the subway. The hotel is located in an excellent area to take advantage of public transportation. There are subway stations located throughout the Herald Square and Madison Square Garden area; one station is literally steps from the front door of the hotel. Besides the attractions of Macy’s, the Empire State Building, and Madison Square Garden, there are numerous other shops and restaurants in the area, and Times Square and the Theatre District are only short blocks north. We returned to the hotel rather late several nights and felt perfectly safe on the subway and on foot.Now for the staff. I have visited New York City quite a few times, and I have never stayed at a hotel that had a more friendly or accommodating staff. From the time we walked in the door where we were greeted with a smile to the time we left, everyone we encountered smiled, spoke to us, and told us to have a nice day or a pleasant evening. We encountered hotel management as well as maintenance staff throughout the hotel; in the lobby, in the elevators, and on our hall, and everyone spoke to us and smiled. From my experience this is not always the case in New York City, and it made our trip all the more pleasant because we felt as if we were welcome staying at the Hilton Garden Inn.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great central location	We have been going to NYC for the last 5-6 years and we enjoy staying at some place different everytime. We have stayed at the Omni Berkshire, Crowne Plaza, Best Western President, and the Marriott Residence Inn. This year we stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn on 35th Street (between 5th and 6th Ave) March 13-15, 2009. We originally booked the Marriott Residence Inn until we located this hotel on TravelZoo for $139.00 a night. Stayed on the 15th floor, room 1509 with our room facing uptown. The rooms are rather large for NY standards. Each room has a microwave, coffee maker, and mini refrig. The bathroom was very large and the shower was awesome. Also each room offers both wired/wireless internet at no charge, 32 inch HDTV, and a niced sized work desk. The hotel have 3 elevators and the wait was always mininum. Hotel also offers a concierge, small bar, restaurant, and a pantry with snack foods and beverages, also provided free coffee each morning. Parking garage is across the street from the hotel, along with one just up the block....original parking price is around $42.00 for 24 hrs, though if you get your ticket stamped at the Hilton the price is around $35.00. The hotel has a subway station (Herald Square) right around the corner. Empire State Building is located one street away, Macy's is across the street, and Times Square's is a short 7 blocks walk away. The hotel offers a breakfast buffet, though a bit pricey. There is a great restaurant (Andrew's Coffee Shop) located just up the street at 35th St and Broadway that offers breakfest, lunch, and dinner at very reasonable prices. This was an excellent choice for this years stay.	
Mar 14 2009 	Great NEW hotel and great deal!	We had reservation booked at the Residence Inn T.S., however, when I checked Travelzoo, the day before our trip, I immediately cancelled the Residence and Booked the Hilton Garden Inn, We got a king city view room 1509, for 139 p.night on Travelzoo!!! Fabulous. The hotel just opened 2 weeks ago. Checkin is at 3, however, we arrived at 12:30 and went right to the room. 300 sq. ft. Awesome bed that you can program to the desired firmness. Large bathroom with Nutrogena bath products. All rooms have m. wave and mini ref. with coffee maker. THe staff was very nice. The hotel is right accross from Macys, with the subway right there. Very handy, The breakfast buffett was quite pricey, however, we found a great coffe shop for homecooked breakfasts about a block away. We will stay her again. FYI, Travelzoo stil is offering this great rate forApril as well. Can not go wrong at the Hilton Garden Inn!. Oh, WIFI in all rooms, NO CHARGE	
Mar 14 2009 	buen hotel		
Mar 14 2009 	Idéal !		
Nov 19 2009 	Situacion perfecta compensa si logras una buena tarifa		
Nov 19 2009 	A recommander pour un séjour à New York		
Nov 17 2009 	Uitstekend hotel		
Nov 4 2009 	Tolles Hotel. Kommen wieder!!		
Oct 30 2009 	Supert hotell!!		
Oct 18 2009 	Nice?location!!		
Oct 15 2009 	Très bon hotel		
Oct 14 2009 	Excelente		
Oct 8 2009 	Service moyen mais emplacement en or		
Sep 27 2009 	Tolles Stadthotel ideale Lage mitten in Midtown		
Sep 25 2009 	Fantastico........		
Sep 23 2009 	Estupendo		
Sep 19 2009	excellent		
Sep 13 2009 	Ne Pas Hesiter - C'est top		
Sep 8 2009 	Ottimo hotel		
Sep 6 2009 	Excellente situation		
Sep 5 2009 	OTTIMO		
Sep 2 2009 	Muy buen hotel a excelente precio		
Aug 31 2009 	traumhaft!		
Aug 28 2009 	Consigliabile !		
Aug 28 2009 	Service De qualité		
Aug 13 2009 	ottimo hotel ottima posizione		
Aug 6 2009 	Acertamos 100%		
Jul 26 2009 	Bueno relación calidad-precio		
Jul 17 2009 	?????????????		
Jul 7 2009 	Le meilleur rapport qualité-prix pour un 4* à Manhattan !		
Jul 5 2009 	Excelente hotel!!muy recomendable!!!!!		
Jul 1 2009 	Hotel confortevole e dall'ottima posizione		
Jun 29 2009 	buon albergo ottima posizione ci tornerei sicuramente		
Jun 19 2009 	Estupendo		
Jun 16 2009 	très bon hotel		
May 23 2009 	Neues Hotel in Top-Lage		
Apr 22 2009 	Comodísimo por su ubicación		
