Nov 21 2009 	Shockingly quiet and spacious hotel - one of the best deals in NYC	Stayed here two nights and not only is it very centrally located (not the best neighborhood, but you can get around easily) but the hotel is clean, spacious - yes, especially by NYC standards - and amazingly quiet. This is not a luxury hotel, but it is well appointed, with very comfortable beds, a friendly staff, clean, and cheap. Couldn't recommend a budget-type hotel higher.	
Nov 17 2009 	Do Not Stay Here....	if you require valet parking, onsite garage or bellman. But my hubby and I knew that before we booked the reservation and this Sheraton turned out to be a gem of a hotel! We usually stay Midtown/Uptown at the larger Starwoods, but our business brought us down to the Chelsa area. We pulled right up front, I got a luggage trolly from the lobby, we unloaded and my husband parked at the recommended garage a convenient 1 and 1/2 blocks away. Parking rates were $25 a day, below NYC price standards. Check in was a breeze with Paul doing a FAB job. In fact we found all the staff to be friendly, smiling and helpful during our 2 night stay. We stayed on the 12th floor facing the back and it was the quietest room we ever had in NYC. The hotel is on 25th St which is quiet in itself so I don't think staying street side would be a problem (just don't get a room next to he ice machine, it was literally by the door of one of the rooms). Room was smaller than we were used to but more than acceptable in size. Bathroom also on the small side, did not have a tub, but a large walk in shower which we preferred. Room and bath were pristine with not a speck of dust or dirt. Sheets were crisp, towels were large and soft and both smelled like they were hung outside on a summer day. Bed was incredibly comfortable. No problem controlling room temps. Room lighting was more than ample. We are big readers while in bed and usually have to change hotel bulbs to make them brighter or move lamps closer to the bed. Not here. Two reading lights over the bed and lights bedside were perfect! We did not eat in the restaurant or go to the bar, but when we popped our heads in to look around every staff person smiled or said hi. Two elevators were super fast and we never waited more than 30 seconds for one. Convenience of close subways both Uptown and Downtown. Free (plug-in) internet in the room with 2 computers and a printer downstairs. Coffee machine in room but we preferred the free coffee station set up each morning in the lobby. Electronic safe in armoire. We had a lovely experience at this hotel and we would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Solid hotel	This hotel was in a convenient location, especially to the metro. The beds were super comfortable and the bathroom was spotless. It was smallish, but everything in NYC is small. The staff was super friendly and helpful. I would definitely go back. I got a good deal on Priceline. Not sure if I would pay full price, though. They have an agreement with a parking garage so you get parking for $25 for 24 hours.	
Oct 10 2009 	just okay	Nothing special. Rooms were dark and small. More lighting would have been nice.The one thing that bothered me was a getogether occuring in the room next to mine one night. I noticed that one of the people was an employee of the hotel. The next night between the hours of 12am and 2am, this employee with housekeeping were attempting, I believe, to clean up. They would go in and out of the room every few minutes between these hours, letting the door slam each time, waking me up. (They left the safety look open to blook the door from locking.) I saw they were bringing in new sheets, a vacuum, etc. I would have thought that an employee would have taken more care to not disturb other guests, especially at that hour. It made for a night that wasn't very restfull and an unproductive seminar the next day. Just dissapointing.	
Oct 8 2009 	Don't judge a book by its cover	The lobby is dingy. More like a youth hostel than a hotel in Chelsea. It isn't chic. It's shabby. But the rooms are very well appointed. Obviously the owners prioritised what travellers really need from a city centre hotel. This has it all. The rooms furnishings are of the highest quality. Bed linen wonderful. Towels, not so. DO NOT even think of having breakfast here. The 'restaurant' is just weird, the lighting bizarre. The staff are very friendly and helpful. It is quiet.	
Oct 5 2009 	Excellent location	Sheraton Chelsea is well-located in midtown, near bus and subway lines. We got to the theatre district, and the financial district, in good time. Rooms are large by NYC standards, really comfy beds, nice showers. Service at the front desk,and from the cleaning staff was very good. We got a great price through that name your own price website. I would stay here again. Drawbacks? No great food or bar place in the hotel, but there are places nearby on 7th Avenue.	
Sep 29 2009 	Stay here!	If you don't want to spend to much but don't want to stay in a dump - this is a very good option in Manhattan - especially if you prefer SPG hotels... then this is definetely your best option.FREE BOTTLED WATER!	
Sep 19 2009 	Does the job - cant quite describe it in one sentence though	First trip to New York so cant compare to any other hotel.When we first arrived it was one in the morning by taxi and Im glad - we were a little put off - it was such a dark area and seemed a bit daunting for two young girls. We arrived in the lobby to loud music - it actually sounded like a club - there may actually have been one in the downstairs area (luckily we couldnt hear a thing from our room). Staff were pleasant but didnt quite trust them. They told me i was prepaid (which i was) but they needed my credit card for security. Thinking this was reasonable and they'd only take the money at the end - i got a text from my bank within 10 mins saying my account had been deposited overseas. They actually take $100US as security and refund it after your stay (fine - but would like the warning - i did get the money back it doesnt register as a transaction). Bit more on staff. They were young, a bit .... alouf... didnt really seem to care. Seemed to have some attitude but would eventually help you out. Just felt like a hassle when you asked for assistance. Actually we came home one night - jumped on the free internet in the lobby (ver handy) but had to put up with a guy asleep and snoring wide-mouthed in the seat at the computer next to me. The staff member on reception was laughing - but later informed me it was the fire warden and he was on shift!!!So back to it.... from word go we had a bad impression BUT got to the room and although thought it a bit small (and the two double beds were more like 2 king singles - wide but not long) they were the MOST COMFORTABLE BED ive ever slept in. We walked a lot each day and looked forward to going back to sleep. We dont use air con - we hate it. Cracked the window and didnt find it noisy at all. Were on 10th floor.TV worked fine. TV reception was fine in our room. Room was tidy.And the website says free mineral water. It's one 500ml bottle free each day .Basically if my parents rocked up here they would have walked out - fearing it was a club but i think if you let yourself get past reception and upto your room you'll have a great sleep and feel clean and comfy in the bathroom. No room to move about but your in New York - get outside!Was close enough to a number of metro stations and during the day we realised we had quite a good area and felt plenty safe enough. I would stay here again for the beds! I would recommend to people but would explain all of the above first.	
Sep 15 2009 	Exactly what I was looking for in Chelsea	I needed a hotel in the Chelsea/Penn station area and this is exactly what I was looking for. It is a tiny hotel, there is basically no lobby except a tiny check-in counter and a couple of computers for the guests to use, and only has 8 rooms per floor. I stayed at the &quot;starwood preferred guest floor&quot; - floor 18. The staff told me that it is a newly renovated floor and I was very happy with my room. The room is spacious in NYC standard. The bathroom is small but clean, and beds comfortable. With the window closed, it is very quiet too. Oh, and you get free &quot;wired&quot; internet here, which is also nice.It is right around the corner from FIT and right next to the #1 train 28th street stop, 10 min walking to Penn station/Macy's. There are a couple of restaurants/cafes in the area, and also a whole food market across the street on 7th Ave. It is not the best neighborhood in the city but it is convenient and safe. I would stay there again. I think it is well worth the money I paid (on priceline).	
Sep 8 2009 	Trash Hotel with Lipstick on it.	Arrived on a Friday morning, and the room was ready right away. It was nice not have to store the luggage, and have access to the room right away. Asked for a quiet room, and was given a room facing the back of the hotel. Not much of a view, but it was quiet. The room furnishing were shabby, nicked furniture, the bathroom/ shower were adequate. The new beds were comfortable. They have a flat panel TV in the room but its hard to watch because of the very bad tv reception. You can hardly see a picture at all. A call down to the desk did not resolve the problem. Basically the complaint was ignored. The hallways are dirty, and the elevators are banged up and dirty. Overall housekeeping was mediocre at best. The AC is a simple wall unit, that stops working in the middle of the night because if there is no movement in the room the AC turns off. So room gets stuffy at night. If you move around the ac will come on again. The shades on the window allow all sorts of sun light in. The bulbs in the light fixtures cast a very bad light. Its like being in a baseball stadium. No WI FI in the room, but internet is available for free but its wired in the room. The location is good.	
Sep 1 2009 	Turn back now-	From the get go this hotel is a loser. We were assigned a handicap room which I hope a handicap person never gets. The room was dark and dirty, non functioning single cup coffee maker leaked all over the wall and counter, sweaky bathroom faucet was missing handle pieces, window shades didn't block out light from the building across the street at night, and worst of all the hall way smelled of urine so badly that I needed (no kidding) to sleep with an unused open coffee filter envelope under my pillow as a potpourri. The restaurant service was slow and food and coffee was cold. You've been warned! We will not return.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great stay	I stayed the Four Points by Sheraton Manhattan Chelsea during an extended week-end (3 nights) on a leisure trip. Location is great. We arrived by train and we walked to the hotel. Rooms are perfect for short stays (a bit small, but it's NYC!) especially for leisure travelers. Internet is free, and you can print for free in the lobby. Do not rely on the restaurant, especially if you're tired: very loud music that you can ear everywhere in the lobby. Actually, when you walk in the lobby (with the loud music), you would not think you're at a Sheraton !Finally, they seem to have serious weaknesses with regards to their internal controls. When we checked it, they processed our credit card for guarantee, confirmed the rate, the number of nights and specified we would be charged at check-out (nothing different from most hotels). When we check out, we were told that the room was prepaid (which wasn't !) and that we don't have to pay anything (about 700$ !). We insisted that the room wasn't prepaid and that she was probably checking out the wrong guests. She confirmed the room number and my name and confirmed again that it was prepaid. Since we gave a credit card guarantee I just thought that they will figure it out later and that they will charge my room later. It has been more then a year now and I have still not been charged, no phone call (they have all my personal contact information), nothing ! Who can complain to get 3 free nights in New York ?!	
Aug 22 2009 	Great Chelsea location!	only gripe is with parking. Hotel has negotiated rate with garage on 26 th and sixth. Just not the most convenient. But rooms are clean and the bed is fantastic. Nice plazma and free internet. Would definitely stay again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Good value great location friendly staff	I spent three nights at the Four Points in Manhattan this week. I got a pretty good deal on Priceline - between USD150 and 180 per night. I was traveling alone and felt safe here. The rooms are very functional, a bit snug, but have comfortable beds and a clean and modern decor. It was hot and humid in NYC and may be that's why there was a weird muggy odor in the room and in the bathroom. The free bottle of water everyday was a treat in the summer :). I kept the air conditioner on through the night due to the heat and it was a bit loud at times. The bathroom was clean and adequate. The strange thing I observed was that the bedside lamps are way up high and you couldn't reach them to turn the lights on or off without literally sitting all the way up in bed or getting out of bed. I did not eat at the hotel, but the latin food based cuisine at the restaurants and the drinks looked good. They have patio seating during the summer. There are two computers connected to the internet in the lobby and internet in the room is not free. For a ride to the airport, the staff will gladly book you a limo at about the same rate as the NYC yellow cab. I paid USD45 for a very comfortable ride to La Guardia airport which is also the going yellow cab rate. I would definitely recommend this hotel to travelers for leisure or business because of its convenient location. It is on a fairly quiet side street with easy access to the Avenue of the Americas, Broadway, and 5th Ave.	
Aug 11 2009 	Not perfect not lux ... but still my pick for a NYC hotel.	For the price, I really enjoyed this hotel. Staff was friendly and very helpful. No NY bite at any time. The room was certainly snug – but I didn’t spend much time in the room (it’s NYC after all!) They felt smaller because there was a lack of proper lighting. North-facing rooms look directly into an office building – so you’ll want to keep your shades drawn for privacy. South-facing rooms are much better in terms of a view, you can actually see downtown. The restaurant attached to the hotel was undergoing renovations during my stay (or it could have simply been closed for good), but there are plenty of superior options for dining (again, it is NYC!) There are several subway lines within a very short walking distance and cabs are ample – so getting around is a breeze. And it’s completely safe to walk (I enjoyed a late night stroll to Union Square, about 15 or 20 minutes away). Chelsea is just south of midtown on the west side, so it was exactly what I wanted (needed to travel to midtown west and SoHo) – not in the thick of the midtown bustle, not too far downtown to inconvenience me. This isn’t a top-of-the-line hotel; it’s definitely a little shabby, but for the price and the location you get are getting a good deal (and Starwood points!) I would actually give this place a 3.5 if I could, but rounded up to their benefit … here’s why: good central location, great staff, comfortable beds, small rooms, slightly shabby, not much natural (or artificial) light.	
Aug 10 2009 	Weekend in NYC	Just returned from a fun weekend in the city with a friend. I was able to get an excellent rate which was why we booked at the hotel. I would not recommend this for the well-heeled traveller more accustomed to nicer hotels, but it was hard for me to pass up this hotel because its location was perfect for my needs (corner of 7th &amp; W 25th St). Additionally, the nightly rate of $135 made the stay more economical than most cities. If you are focussed on location and budget this is a place to consider. If you would like to feel a bit more pampered or spoiled when you go away - there are better options in the city and the neighborhood.	
Aug 9 2009	Economical choice in NYC	We were in NYC to help our daughter find an apartment and stayed at FP Chelsea for 3 nights. We used points for one night and the other nights were $150/night using AAA discount. We stayed in room 1803 (on a Starwoods floor). Their website stipulates that only 2 ppl/room is allowed; we spoke to a customer service rep.beforehand and she said that is because the rooms are small but if we were willing to be a bit crowded, the three of us could certainly stay in a double/double room. We arrived at 11p and were quickly checked in as well as handed 3 complimentary bottles of water. The room had been refurbished; having new carpet, bedding, etc. Room furnishings were a work desk w/ chair, chest of drawers, armoire, upholstered chair with floor lamp, two very comfortable double beds w/ one bedside table between them, good over-bed lighting, large flat screen TV and a small leather bench to place a suitcase. There was a coffee maker, alarm clock, complimentary wired internet (wireless is in lobby), complimentary bottled water,ironing board/iron and a safe. The bathroom was small w/ tub-shower combo, Speakman shower head, microfiber shower curtain, good towels and usual &quot;Clean&quot; amenities. The sink is wall mounted ceramic with no space, but there is a glass shelf above the toilet to keep personal care stuff. We had three problems. 1) we didn't get all advertised TV channels/and the remote did not work, 2) the wall thermostat could not be adjusted warmer- only colder, and 3) the auxillary outlet on the desk lamp was unusable because someone had broken off a plug prong in it. First thing in the morning, we reported the problems and were assured all would be taken care of. We came back at about 5p and all was still the same. We called again, and the evening shift engineer arrived immediately to see what was up. He disappeared for a few minutes and popped back in with a new thermostat, new lamp and new remote. Turns out it the problem with the TV was more complicated than a bad remote; he was able to fix the TV and we were back in business. The engineer was very thankful that we reported the problems. He said the only way they know to fix these kinds of things is if ppl report the issues. He said that most ppl live with the broken/malfunctioning stuff, and end up with a less than satisfactory stay. The hotel is located between Chelsea and Flat Iron. Close by are Whole Foods (note-no fridge in room) and ClearView Cinema. Subway isn't far. For a tourist visit, the area isn't the best choice, but it suited our needs. The hotel has an affiliation with Central Parking on 26th St between 6th and Broadway. With hotel validation of the parking receipt, the cost was $25/24hrs. Our hotel experience was a 5, but location is 3- and location is very important to most visitors to NYC. So overall, I would give this hotel a 4, but only if you can get a good room rate.	
Aug 9 2009 	great	the best beds i have ever sleept in at a hotel. best location.	
Aug 5 2009 	My 10 days at this Sheraton hotel	This Sheraton hotel is located in the neighborhood of Chelsea on the West Side of Manhattan. It's next to subway stations, pharmacies and cafeterias. Also, this hotel has easy access to the main avenues. The staff was very kind and helpful. Both the check-in and the check-out were fast. The rooms are very comfortable. Above all, the Four Points by Sheraton Manhattan Chelsea has the well-known excellent standard of service, typical of this chain. Finally, as mentioned below, the price paid is fair, considering it's a Sheraton hotel. And, that's all.	
Jul 16 2009 	Fair price considering it's a Sheraton... in Manhatan!	Kind staff. Perfect location (at least for my interests...). Tiny room, but very comfortable. Would definitively stay there again!	
Jul 14 2009 	V. good hotel good area	I stayed here for 4 nights in July 2009. I found the hotel check in to be easy, rooms clean and good size, with excellent wide screen tv. The location was very good, close to subway stops and some excellent breakfast eating places! The restaurant downstairs in the hotel was excellent and well priced esp for happy hour!. the reason I didnt give this hotel a 5 was that it has no pool but apart from that I would stay here again.p.s. I booked this hotel on priceline.	
Jun 23 2009 	Don't Stay Here! Try the Hilton Garden Inn New York/Chelsea	Stayed here in October 2008. Definitely *not* recommended. You can do better in the area. The hotel was overbooked on the night I arrived, and so they sent me to a comped room at the Hilton Garden Inn New York/Chelsea. This gave me a chance to compare the hotels, and I preferred the Hilton on every count: more professional staff, newer room with better amenities (everything from the bed linens to the bathroom toiletries), and a nice view.I could write more about the problems with this Sheraton, but let the following suffice: The reception desk was really amateurly staffed. The hallway on my floor was claustrophobic and dingy, with a ratty-looking ice machine just outside my door. The room itself was cramped and not well cleaned, the furniture was beginning to look worn, and the window (and this was a high floor) offered an ugly view onto the rear of other buildings.The worst aspect of my stay was that unfortunately the hotel did not honor the rate I booked. It had to do with the fact that, again, they overbooked my first night and had to bump me to a competitor—their fault, not mine. They then were unwilling to honor the Pay 2 Nights, Stay 3 Nights promotion that I had booked. The rate and total I was charged at check-out was correct, and then—unbelievably—they re-adjusted my bill upward and billed a surcharge to my credit card over a week after I checked out. Of course I had never signed for the charge. I contested it afterward, but what a pain. The hotel’s accountant defended the overbilling, and I decided this was one battle too many. Apparently squeezing a customer, creating ill will and bad word of mouth, was more important than providing a good customer experience. Being a member of the Starwood Preferred Guest program didn’t help at all. This experience is why I give the hotel a “Terrible” rating and will not stay again.	
Jun 19 2009 	Dissapointing	Rooms are extremelly small and they are not at all as in the photos they show in their web site; there is a night club at the ground floor and you can hear the music until late at night. We expected much better from a Sheraton! Location is not bad (15 blocks from times square) but the area is not very nice or clean.Staff was friendly.	
Jun 15 2009 	Terrific; extremely minor caveats	Lauren, and everyone else at the front desk, has been great-- this is my second stay at the property. On this trip, I'm here 5 nights and every time I come back to the hotel or leave I'm greeted, which is nice. The rooms are great for business travelers: a free bottle of water, 100% free Internet (critical!) and great shower with fantastic water pressure. My king-size bed is awesome and the mattress is great; I sleep like a baby. (I understand they're in the process of renovating many of the floors and putting in new mattresses, and I was told I'm in a renovated room.)The only (extremely, extremely) minor things that should be pointed out are that there are only two elevators and that's a bit tight for a property this size. And the bar in the back of the lobby gets loud but it's hardly an issue and in my 5th floor room I can't hear anything even when it's hopping down there.And top of everything else, it's a Starwood Property (if you're not a member of the Starwood Preferred Guest points program, join! it's the best reward program out there and the Starwood American Express is great).The location is fantastic, just a couple of short blocks from Whole Foods, the subway, Starbucks, a huge David Barton Gym, and about a million restaurants.	
May 27 2009 	Great location remodeled interiors friendly helpful staff	Stayed at two Four Points Sheraton hotels in the city this trip - first Soho and now Chelsea. Chelsea, although their wood furniture is a little worn, is a better location. Plus, one bad employee at Soho can ruin an overall opinion of the staff. Except for that both hotels are good, but the Chelsea staff is overly accomodating. Plus, the front desk staff referred us to a great sushi restaurant five doors down - Rock n' Sake - instead of the one that I first went to that turned out to be a hole-in-the-wall with one customer - too sketchy to chance eating fresh fish.	
May 19 2009 	Wonderful!	Great front desk staff. Lauren is outstanding at the front desk! Super clean rooms and bathrooms. Intimate small cafe behind the lobby for breakfast and later for drinks. Will return to this lovely hotel again for my next trip.	
May 15 2009 	Nice hote good value	I stayed here for 3 nights. As the previous rviews have stated this is a nice hotel with friendly staff and good rooms. I was on the 11th floor and had no isues with any noise. The room was nicely furnished with two double beds. Good to have free internet access in the lobby. The subway is only 2 blocks south, about a 2 min walk and is handy for getting up to central park area or down to the financial district. Chelsea and Greenwich Village are within walking distance. The only thing I would say is if you're nervous about walking around at night you might find some of the area around it a bit off putting. It certaining hasn't got the same police presence as the Times Sq, or Financial district and any further south than 21st st and it starts to feel a bit ore rough. I walked through the area at night and had no problems at all but I can imagine the perception would affect some people.	
May 14 2009 	Perfectly fine and very good price	I think maybe they've changed the desk staff since some earlier reviews. They were great - they let us check in early, gave us a nice room at the front of the hotel, let us leave our bags for several hours after checkout, and generally were friendly whenever we went by. We got this hotel on priceline for $80/night. Talked to some Belgian girls staying at a hostel, and they paid more than we did!The room was fine. Two double beds. Decent bathroom. Got a paper at our door on weekday mornings. As another poster noted, there are lots of cheap breakfast options nearby. We ate a full breakfast (eggs, hash browns, toast, juice) for under $4 at 2 different places nearby. Location is great - we walked to a lot of stuff and took the subway (2 blocks away) everywhere else. Free internet in the lobby so we could do checkin for the airport.	
May 10 2009 	Well designed friendly hotel in Chelsea	My boyfriend and I like the new feel and the modern look of our small room. We were also very close to all the gay attractions of Chelsea and West Village, which was a big plus for us. All staff were very friendly and helpful.	
Apr 19 2009 	Solid Hotel in mid-town NYC	We recently spent 3 nights at the Four Points by Sheraton in Chelsea. This is a great location as we were able to get easily as far south as China town, up to the Theater district and over to the Javits Center with ease. We also found lots of inexpensive eating options a short walk from the hotel.The hotel staff are extremely attentative and the rooms, while small (this is NYC afterall), were well appointed, clean and appeared to have been furnished recently. The mattress was very comfortable and the bath facilities were more than adequate.Pricing on our negotiated package was competitive, even with all the ridiculous taxes NYC adds. Overall, we had a very nice stay and would not hesitate to return again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Hard-working staff makes up for pedestrian decor	Props to the staff of this hotel. I got a warm greeting, a glass of wine, and a hand with the elevator when I checked in. Later, the same staff member was mopping floors.After hearing the low buzz of the courtyard bar chatter in my 5th floor room (in the back of the hotel), I was given a room on a higher floor -- no problem. The bed, as at all Sheratons, was excellent. But the furniture is without charm; a bit depressing. Had a great breakfast in the hotel restaurant.Good value. Kudos to the staff.	
Apr 10 2009 	Excellent Customer Service!	The level of customer service this hotel offers is above average and certainly not the norm! The staff is outstanding - you are treated as a guest, not a room number. I travel frequently for work and have never experienced the level of customer service this hotel offers. Great location, great rooms and great food on site. Will be there again!	
Apr 9 2009 	Wow is all I can say.	The service from the staff is outstanding. The staff and the managers are super and take great care of you. In all my travels in the US (and worldwide), I honestly don't know that I have ever had an entire staff that has as much attentiveness to your needs as the folks here. This is my second stay here and will not be my last!	
Apr 3 2009 	Back in a Heartbeat!	I have to say, my stay was great! From the moment I walked into the hotel, being checked in by Lauren at the Front Desk to the most friendly housekeepers, it was great! The room was so quiet I almost felt like I was home! Another nice surprise was coming back to the hotel after being out on the town and asked if we would like a complimentary glass of wine. How fabulous. what a great touch.	
Mar 30 2009 	Loud noise from bar	Our room was at the back of the hotel so we were subjected to loud voices from a bar at night. There was also loud music in the lobby at night. We were exhausted after running all around the city so it was irritation we didn't need.	
Mar 20 2009 	Really Good Place to Stay in NYC	Stayed here for 3 nights. Got it for $95/night on Priceline and it was a steal for what you get. Friendly Service!!! Everyone greets you with a smile, even the maids. The staff has obviously been trained. They also were more than happy to give directions suggestions etc. Really impressive.Got a room with 2 double beds. Size was like a normal hotel room size, not maybe by Las Vegas standards, but had no problems at all. Free DSL in the room! A coffeemaker! A hotel that doesn't nickel and dime you to death! Comfortable bed, nice bathroom. Only a few small cons: Room is really dark, they should lighten it up, not much shelf/counter space in the bathroom and also you can hear the traffic on 7th if you are trying to sleep on a busy night. Small points, I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Lots of bars restaurants in the area, EASY to get down town or midtown if it's good walking weather.	
Mar 16 2009 	Decent Stay	The reviews on here are so mixed, I had no idea what to expect. First let me say I got the rooms on Priceline for $100 a night, so I thought it was an incredible bargain.Second, the staff at this hotel is EXTREMELY friendly and accommodating. Everyone spoke to us as we came in the hotel and as we left. Even the cleaning staff was inordinately friendly. They were also extremely accommodating about storing our bags for a late departure.The hotel is very clean -- at least our room was. The room looked a little worn, but certainly nothing unsightly. The beds were comfortable, and altough the room (with two double beds) was not large, it was certainly not tiny by the standards of a crowded big city. It was also quiet -- we could not hear other rooms or outside (we were at the back of the hotel).The lobby is small and the lighting makes it look really weird, but their are computers down there, where we were able to check our light and print our boarding passes. The location of the hotel is also great -- at the &quot;north&quot; tip of Chelsea, so easily walkable to Chelsea but also the Flatiron District and even lower mid-town east.This is not a fancy hotel, but for our purposes, it was really perfect.	
Mar 5 2009 	Solid Base for New York	Good location in Chelsea, a block away from a subway stop. Immediate area has shops and restaurants.Hotel itself is small, with limited amenities. The rooms are a bit small, newly refurbished with nice modern touches. Good value for New York.	
Feb 28 2009 	OK hotel with great service	We were in nyc for just a night and decieded to stay somewhere other than Times Square. We are part of the SPG network so i booked Four Points in Chelsea for $140 plus taxes......so i'll break down the review like so:Service: The front desk staff is amazingly helpful. From the moment of check-in, the desk staff were extremely helpful, asked what kind of room i would like, what floor, if we needed directions, dinner help, and even called us once we got to the room to make sure we liked it. Even later they helped us navigate the subway system and even told us what deli to go to. Room:The rooms was really small, kinda typical for NYC i guess, but we had a double on the 20th floor facing the Empire State building. The view was nice but thats about it. The beds/covers were very aged, sheets looked like they were at least 20 years old. The beds were ok, but not what you'd expect for a Sheraton. The first thing we noticed was the 19&quot; console TV that had no picture. About 5 minutes after calling the front desk, a maintanence guy replaced the cable, which speaks again to their excellent service. The bathroom was also &quot;ok&quot; Nice shower and very low pressure sink.Now the big negatives, the walls of the room are nearly transperant. You can hear every door close, person talk, or elevator &quot;ding.&quot; We even tried to use the exhaust fan in the bathroom to drown out the sound but had no such luck. Overall I would recommend this hotel to some one who wants to be close to good restaurants, have great staff, and is a very sound sleeper. For the price its not bad, but I don't know if I'd stay there again	
Feb 27 2009 	Comfort within Manhattan	I stayed here a week ago, not to mention several other times, and the rooms were always comfortable. The size was a little small but the I mean hey c'mon it's Manhattan. The rooms are way larger then they would be in Tokyo, which believe me are TINY. I've traveled the world and yet this is a good size for a city. The beds were comfortable and the maids weren't annoying like some places where the maid continually knocks even though you say go away. They were understanding to the fact I was sleeping after I said only once to let me sleep. My experience was nowhere near as bad as some had said on this site. Maybe they had caught the staff on a bad day, but I had a great experience with them. They asked politely greeted me when I entered and exited. The restaurant has finally been redone and boasts a hip atmosphere. Granted its not like a real bar or club, but its good for one in a hotel. Overall though I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 26 2009 	Good for Short stays Clean affordable.	Our second time staying at this hotel. It was clean and cheap ($140) compared to NY standards. Close to restaurants and shopping on 7th ave. the staff was wonderful and since I'm a gold Starwood Hotel member we were on club floor which was nice and quiet.	
Feb 25 2009 	Terrible	This is a terrible room! I stayed there to get the starwood points and it was not even worth it. The rooms are tiny and feel like prison cells. This hotel may be cheap but it is not worth staying in. I had to mail a box for fedex and they lost it. It took them 3 weeks to tell me and I had to call back 3 or 4 times a day.	
Feb 18 2009 	Disgusting. Do NOT stay here	Stayed her for two nights. It was terrible. The room was old. For some reason we were given a disabled room, so had a roll in shower. When I nicely asked if I could pay more to upgrade my room, was very rudely told the hotel was fullThere were also a line of picketers outside the hotel. When I asked why, I was told, rudely &quot;there is a letter in your room.&quot; I told her that I didn't ask about the letter, I asked her to tell me why they were there - she coldly said they were protesting the way the hotel pay's its cleanersThe breakfast was also pretty poorBasically, the location is nice, but the rooms are terrible, the breakfast is tiny, and the staff treat you like utter dirt. I mean, honestly, they're just check in staff at a mid class hotel - what's with the attitude?	
Feb 13 2009 	terrible experience at this hotel!	my colleague and i shared a room at the sheraton four points chelsea a few weeks ago while on a business trip, and had a very bad experience with an extremely disappointing lack of response from management. we would not recommend this hotel and like to see management respond to our request for an apology and a refund on our room.during our trip, at 4 IN THE MORNING, a male (we are female) opened the door to our room with a card key. i woke up and said, &quot;who's there? how did you get into our room?&quot; the person said, &quot;i have a key&quot; and started stumbling around our room. i shouted, &quot;get out! how did you get in here, get out!&quot; while my colleague also woke up. we repeated, &quot;get out! get out!&quot;the guy looked around, said, &quot;i have a key!&quot; dropped a bunch of stuff, and ran out. after turning on the light we saw when he stumbled, he scattered a bizarre assortment of disgusting food - ice cream, shredded mozzarella cheese, a half eaten sandwich, a partially eaten muffin etc - all over our floor and there was a trail of it going out into the hallway.we called the front desk to get help, who said they'd call security to check the halls for the intruder and would keep us posted. after 10 minutes and no word so we called back down. the front desk said, &quot;oh we didn't see anyone&quot;. !!we asked them to send someone up. they sent up the lobby security person up and we described what happened. as you can imagine when 2 women are staying in a room and a man opens the door with a key at 4am, we were concerned for our safety, in addition to being frustrated because we had a really important meeting at 9am and this was a big disturbance to our sleep. the security guard said, &quot;i think i know what happened. the restaurant guy downstairs sometimes stays here if we have a late party. there was a late party downstairs so maybe they gave him the key to your room by mistake.&quot; we told him we wanted to talk to the manager, we didn't understand how such a mistake could be made - and that we'd like help cleaning up the drunk guy's food mess. well, no one came to clean up the drunk food, so we were on our hands and knees scooping it up at 5am. and we tracked down the night front desk guy who explained: the restaurant guy sometimes stays in the hotel, sometimes in the room we were staying in. at 4am, he was drunk from the party, and he asked for a key at the front desk, insisting for the key to our room. the night front desk guy looked at the computer and told him it looked like there were guests in that room. the drunk guy said no, that's my room. and so the night desk guy gave him the key to our room!! we asked to talk to the manager in the morning.we were later able to talk to the manager after calling him repeatedly. he said he'd &quot;see what he could do.&quot; well, they billed us for our room and told us &quot;it would be hard for accounting to undo the charge.&quot; right! the manager said he'd follow up with another solution, but hasn't. it's a month later, and we're still spooked by our experience. why would you give a drunk male a key to a room known to have female guests in it at 4am? what if the drunk guy had assaulted us? we are lucky he stumbled out instead of something much more serious happening. shouldn't there be some acknowledgment by the hotel of this frightening and preventable disruption to our trip, rather then them trying to ignore us? i don't get it.this hotel needs to relook at their management team. for a business traveler, what's requisite at a minimum when considering a hotel are safety, and a good night's sleep. we did not get either at this hotel, nor a modicum of appropriate customer service following this mess up.	
Feb 8 2009 	Loved It!!	We recently stayed at the Four Points Sheraton in Manhattan on 25th St. We stayed from Friday night - Sunday. The hotel is very well kept, clean &amp; has extremely attentive staff. I would not recommend more than 1 person on each double bed, or more than 2 people per room. As in any major city, hotel rooms get small!The bar/restaurant is beautiful, classy, and is open until 4am!	
Jan 20 2009 	Great location; rooms are starting to show wear and tear	This is my fourth stay at the Four Points Chelsea since 2007. I love the location. On the downside, it looks like the repair, maintenance and housekeeping are starting to be ignored. The hotel staff was still courteous, but less willing to accomodate late check-outs. Perhaps it was because I've lost my elite Starwood status.	
Jan 1 2009	Great value location room	This hotel is located on 45th between 6th and 7th Avenues. On the corners there are: Starbucks, Whole Foods, CVS pharmacy and Kinkos. The location is EXCELLENT. The room was large by New York standards, clean, had a king bed - comfortable, nice linens. The bathroom was more than sufficient and extremely clean. The staff was friendly, though spartan. This is a great hotel for those who want to visit New York City and not just &quot;stay in the hotel.&quot; If you are self sufficient, want a great location and appreciate a good value, this is the place for you.	
Dec 19 2008 	Not worth it	I stay at this hotel quite a bit (and other hotels in Manhattan for that matter), mainly because my husband is a Starwood Platinum member and can use his Starwood points. However, that's the only reason I ever stay here. Once, we had a room that smelled distinctly of urine; another time, a room so small that the furniture blocked the door from opening completely; staff that are indifferent at best; and a restaurant/bar that's hardly worth having at all. If the F&amp;B cause the room price overhead to be so ridiculously high - get RID of the restaurant and bar, because no one ever goes there. There are far better bars &amp; restaurants down the street, anyway. This property is overpriced, given its amenities and quality of rooms. Seek other options if you want to stay in the Chelsea area.	
Dec 13 2008 	central hotel excellent proximity to all the sights	We were booked into this hotel for the first 4 nights of our honeymoon and I couldnt have been happier. The lobby and reception staff were excellent, check in was quick and easy. We were starwood preferred guests and had a room on the 17th floor with an excellent view of the empire state building. The room had a huge bed, television, water, tea, coffee, guide books and an immaculate bathroom. The room was small but why do you need a massive room in new york? It was absolutley big enough for us to be in with two suitcases etc and once unpacked, the maids hung up all of our clothes and tidied the cases away. There was plenty of food etc available from room service and we ate twice in the restaurant downstairs for breakfast. The hotel is very central, we walked a few blocks and were in time square! It was very quiet, the reception staff were really pleasant and helpful and it was a pleasure to stay here. I'd recommend it to anyone	
Dec 8 2008 	NYC Rules!!! Convenient Locations to almost anything!!!	Located on 25th street, this Four Points is located off the main area of Times Square, Broadway, etcetera, but that isn't a bad thing. There was less noise, glitter and lights than those other places. The hotel was located right off 7th Avenue and there was always a cab driving by so there was no wait standing around on the streets.We were nine blocks from Magnificent Macys and walked up to Times Square and the Central Park area every day. We took a cab to Lower Manhattan. Great location for just about anything...will definitely stay here again.The room was small as everyone else has stated, but the ONLY time we were there was to go to bed at night. If you spend more time in the room in NYC other than that then you shouldn't be in the City anyways. I didn't see where the hallways were dark...there wasn't much of a hallway period. The rooms were very quiet as I didn't hear from anybody else on our floor yet I saw several people coming in and out of the hotel.We stayed on the 20th floor with a great view of the Empire State Building!!! Although the room didn't have wifi, it did have an ethernet cable provided to plug into for fast connections to the internet. The bath was big enough for our needs and there were four adults in the room!!!	
Nov 26 2008 	Would not stay at this hotel again	While adequate and not a disaster by any means, this isn’t a hotel I would select for a future stay in Manhattan, simply because far nicer hotels can be had for a lower price in superior locations. Even if using priceline, this hotel isn’t a bargain by any means. If I had to sum up the feel of this hotel in one word it would be “claustrophobic.”Location:This hotel is on a very dead side street on the border of what is supposedly Chelsea. It’s a few blocks to the subway station, but it is desolate at night and quite uncomfortable to walk some of those blocks. There is nothing happening around the hotel at night and very little in the daytime. On the plus side, this means it’s a quiet hotel which may suit some people. Lobby, rooms and beds:The tiny lobby in this hotel leads to immediate feelings of claustrophobia which are vastly magnified when more than five people stand in the space. The downstairs bar is also cramped. The rooms are very very small, even by NYC standards, and the tiny hallways leading to them are even more claustrophobic. Once a tray is placed outside a room, it is hard to walk around, as the hotel is so small that only a few rooms exist on each floor. Oddly, only parts of the rooms have been renovated in recent years, which means while you may be treated to a newer bed, or carpet, the furniture is bound to be of the dinged-up-cheapo-particle board variety from the 70s. This was really dismaying and gave the rooms a pretty awful aged look. Both the rooms we had were a definite mixture of old and new : Terribly old run-down duvet with many lint balls permanently attached across the surface, but relatively new sheets and mattress; Horrible marked up ancient (and ugly) furniture, but new carpet. Small ancient TVs (but at least they functioned, which is more than I can say about many a NYC hotel room). The windows in both rooms were so filthy, it was difficult to see out of the grime. On the plus side, the windows are some of the best in the city in terms of noise reduction ability. The dark décor in the rooms makes one feel even more imprisoned. Bathrooms:Of our two rooms, both had full renovations in tiling and sink area, but only one had a renovated shower. This was quite a contrast, as the older shower was one of those ancient sliding glass door varieties where the door doesn’t quiet sit right. For those who like a bit of space around their sink area and can’t deal with mini-sinks made for tiny hotel rooms, be prepared. While I quite liked the new renovated sink area and adequate toiletries, I could easily see that anyone in need of space wouldn’t be able to handle these tiny bathrooms, especially the miniscule sink.Temperature control:Amazingly, they use ancient window units.Staff: The desk folks were always very friendly and helpful. Housekeeping really did a great job cleaning the rooms (not so much clearing the hallways, which were always cluttered). However, the permanent aging and staining that already existed in the rooms made it hard to get past the “rundown” impression upon entering the room, even if it was cleaned well each day.Internet:There are free terminals and printers in a business center on the first floor, literally in the coffee bar/café area of the hotel. This is a great plus if you can get on one.	
Nov 21 2008 	Nice Stay	My 3yr old daughter and I stayed for 2 nights at the Four Points Chelsea and had a good stay. Yes, the rooms are small by American standards, but I found that there was plenty of room to move around and I did not spend that much time in the room anyway. Staff was courteous and the hotel was quiet. The only real problem I had was that the curtains didn't completely keep out the light. Great view from the 21st floor and convenient to all of the West side attractions.	
Nov 16 2008 	Good experience	Having read several not-so-great reviews of this hotel, I did not have high expectations, but needed to stay in Chelsea for work. I thought this hotel was totally fine. The room (2 full size beds) was larger than similarly priced hotels I have stayed in in NYC in the past. It was spacious (for this price in NY) with a decent bathroom. Everything was clean and the bed was comfortable. The hotel has a nice business center downstairs with computers/internet access free of charge along with a printer. The front desk staff were very nice and helpful. I had no complaints at all. I also liked the location -- 7th Ave offers Whole Foods and other conveniences within a block or two, and taxis are very easy to get.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great Marathon Stay!	I booked this room through points we had accumulated on Starwood Preferred Guest Amex Card. We stayed three nights, arriving on Friday around 4 PM. Contrary to some other reviews, we found the staff to be young, courteous and almost overly friendly. They had the lobby decorated for Halloween with candy bowls, etc. The lobby was not confusing at all, although the sliding doors between the vestibule and the outside are slightly offcenter, so you have to kind of walk through them diagonally. Anyway, very fast check-in, and just two blocks from the 1 and 9 redline subway at 23rd St and 7th Ave, which made getting uptown or downtown very easy. Our room was on the 9th floor I believe and was one of only a handful. Rooms are def a bit dark and modern but were very clean and we did not feel cramped at all. Bed was very comfortable and we slept well, except for the first night where we accidentally left the window cracked and the street noise could be heard. Once we shut that, it was quite noise proof. No wireless internet in the room, but they did have free wired access, so just a matter of plugging an ethernet cable into the back of the laptop. A little less convenient to be tethered to the desk, but otherwise no problem. Honestly I don't understand the problems others had with this hotel. How much time do you really spend in your room anyway when you're in NYC? The protesters have long gone, so that was not a worry either. I ran the marathon on Sunday and got a very good night's sleep on Saturday night in the comfortable bed. Shower is a bit modern in that it is only separated from the rest of the bathroom floor by the curtain. Again, not a major inconvenience, more a modern style detail. Bathroom was clean, as was the rest of the room.Very little waiting for elevators which is a nice aspect in smaller boutique hotels like this one. Would definitely stay here again for the proximity to the subway and cleanliness and friendly staff.There is a Whole Foods Market around the corner on 7th which was open late on Sunday night with a plethora of great food. We ate at a fantastic Barbeque joint called Righteous Urban Barbeque on 23rd, also just a short walk. Great brisket sandwhich and empanadas. There was also a great affordable Mexican Restaurant and a 24 hour Chelsea Diner on 23rd with awesome burgers. Also worth checking out on 23rd is Trailer Park. Kitschy inside and fairly decent bar food.Great location, solid accommodations, easy access to subway. What more could you want?	
Nov 1 2008	Not Bad	Stayed for two nights and thought the room was fine. I did not stay in the room a lot as I was exploring NYC. Front desk staff was polite. As expected, the room was small, but again, it was clean and safe. It is within easy walking distance to Penn Station as I flew into JFK, took the airtrain to Jamaica station, and the LIRR to Penn Station. I would stay here again.	
Oct 25 2008 	Didn't like the 4 Points	This is a medium sized hotel located in Chelsea NY. The location is not very attractive, the looks of the street are quite poor, and at night its dark, poor lighting. Not many nice restaurant options in the vecinity.The rooms are very small, and look smaller as a result of the dark painting. The rooms are not very clean, the bathroom looks tired.Breakfast restaurant, attached to the hotel, is fine. Service is courteous, no complaints with the food (scrambled eggs).Front desk service is efficient and courteous,	
Oct 19 2008 	There are better hotels	Walking into the lobby of this hotel we thought we must be in the wrong place. It is extremely small and seemingly unorganized. They were unable to check us in due to computers being down so we went into the bar, which was substandard as well. The only thing that saved us was the fact that the room was clean and decently decorated and equipped. Luckily we were only staying two nights and the location is the reason we chose the hotel in the first place. We were using Starwood points - if we had been &quot;paying&quot; I definitely would changed hotels once I saw what we were in for. My husband, who usually doesn't pay too much attention to hotels, said &quot;Honey, I thought we usually stay a nice hotels&quot;. That says it all.	
Oct 9 2008	Terrible Hotel	This hotel is awful. It is truly the closest I will ever come to staying in a prison cell. The rooms are pitifully small and very dark. Walls are painted a dark brown, carpet and tile are black, the bedspreads are black with holes in them. The doors (bathroom and entry) are painted to look like stainless steel. The furniture is dark and scratched.I arrived late at night and there was no water in my room and the TV did not work. I was moved to a &quot;Preferred Starwood Suite&quot;, had to re-pack my things and imagine my surprise when I discovered the room to which I was moved was identical to the one I just left with the exception that it had a coffee maker. It was the same decor, same square footage, same view. Truly awful.	
Oct 4 2008	Small room strange staff	This hotel seems lacking in the right sort of staff. There is no bellman and nobody to really help with luggage. I arrived before my room was ready, so they stored my luggage in the basement. A very surly security guard brought the luggage up to the room without saying a word.Their restaurant/bar won't charge to your room, which is a shame because after you wait 20 minutes for the menu, and another 20 to get a drink, you don't want to spend much time settling the account. They have a lounge area, but nobody to really staff it if the bar area is full, so it's a bit of a dismal situation. Especially since while you wait you get to experience the same security guard staring around the lounge area and using the 'business center' (an area at the end of the bar/lounge) to look up websites.The room itself was pretty small and dark - nothing too flash, but not particularly bad.	
Sep 10 2008 	Nice and central hotel	We liked our room with 2 double beds a lot. True, the room is a bit dark, but stylish, spacious and modern. The location is very central and close to the nice streets, shops and restaurants in chelsea. We had a great stay and found an offer buy 2, get one free. We would recommend this hotel!	
Sep 5 2008 	Room 936 is a dirty dump a Sheraton in name only	I arrived at 2am and was exhausted so didn't do my usual room inspection before saying yes and moving my luggage in...what a mistake. Dirt on the bathroom floor, high miscellaneous hair count (not mine) mold and mildew all over show tiles, burns on carpet, left over hairpins on floor, desk chair was a refuge from banquet dept., easy chair had huge tears on both arms, and the carpet hasn't been properly vacuumed in some time. I called the manager's office and housekeeping sent a supervisor who called it &quot;appalling&quot; and moved me to another room. I asked, &quot;who supervises the work the maids do?&quot; Three people cover 600 rooms so they are too busy to deal with many problems. Nobody seems to care in this hotel and it is full of bus tour and airline staff guests who have no other choice so they can get away wit h calling this shabby shack at Sheraton. It's like a roadside motel stacked up 22 floors high.Wisely the hotel did not charge me for my night in room 936. Stay elsewhere the Sheraton NY Towers across the street is a completely different experience. Will I consider Four Points by Sheraton for another stay, anywhere? Heck no.	
Aug 17 2008	Awful	Very small rooms that are not clean. Staff is uninformed. Lots of better options elsewhere	
Aug 14 2008 	Not what I have expected	The good -It is located near Whole Foods. It is walking distance to most areas (we walked from this hotel everyday to 59th).The rest -Expect mid-20s crowd.Expect check-in not friendly (men are better than women).Expect room to be dark (dark brown wall and carpet) with small size windows, also dark brown/black titles in the bathroom.Expect individual air condition unit rather than central air (noisy).Expect room to be very small, measure before you go. It is about210 sq ft for the entire room. Yes small is expected for NY, but this size room isn't suitable for international passenger with large luggage, ok for overnight guest with boston bag. Remember the room has either king or two double beds.Expect shower basin to be light brown (used to be creamy white when it's new). The hotel is only four years old. I bought cleaner but couldn't remove anything.	
Jul 21 2008 	Had a good time here with wife and teenagers	I stayed here with my wife and two teenagers over a long weekend. The location was very convenient -- my wife went to Chelsea galleries and I went to Yankee stadium as the location is convention to subway lines. The beds were comfortable, the manager was very helpful, and we had a very good time here. The gym was small but just fine. We'll go back.	
Jul 4 2008 	Perfect for My Quick Trip to NYC	I got a fabulous rate on the hotel website ($175/night for a king room). I flew into Newark, took the AirTrain to Penn Station, and then walked a few short blocks to the hotel which is tucked away on nondescript 25th Street, right near the intersection with 7th Avenue. The hotel is convenient to several subway stops, so going uptown or downtown was easy. My friends and I were also able to walk through Chelsea, to Union Square, even down to the West Village.I enjoyed being away from the hustle-and-bustle of Times Square.The room was well-appointed and perfect for my short stay.	
Jun 30 2008 	Stylish and efficient Chelsea hotel but avoid the breakfast	We stayed here for three nights in early June. It was an easy walk from Penn Station. Our 16th floor room with two double beds was reasonably sized for NYC and had an efficient layout. There was a nice view of the top of the Empire State Building from our window. The amenities and styling were splendid for this level of hotel. The free Wi-Fi worked well. Note that some floors have a fairly loud ice machine and it is located about 4 inches from someone’s door (happily, not on our floor). We had some vouchers for a continental breakfast or fruit plate one day and one of us “upgraded” to the waffles. Big mistake as they were straight from the freezer (and the price was $14!). The fruit plate had some good pineapple and raspberries, but the cantaloupe was completely inedible (unacceptable for a $9 item). We recommend that you just walk over to the Garden of Eden market on 23rd St. between 6th and 7th Avenues and get some really delicious fruit and bagels for a lot less. There were several subway stations nearby. One caution: the hotel is on the edges of the newly trendy Chelsea. East of 6th Avenue, the neighborhood gets quite a bit rougher.	
Jun 30 2008 	Great Find in Chelsea	Overall a pleasant surprise! On our annual girls trip to Manhattan we were unable to book a room at our first choice, the W Hotel. However, the reservation agent at Starwood found us a great bargain at the Four Points Sheraton in Chelsea. The rooms were a little small, but typical for Manhattan. The rooms included free internet access (if you bring your laptop) and free access to the internet and a printer in the business center. The property was clean, staff was very friendly, and rates were resonable (again, for Manhattan standards!). We were warned of the potential for protestors by the hotel in our confirmation e-mails when we booked and the ones that were sent days before check-in, but we experienced no protestors. Also, the location is great, just over 2 blocks from the PATH train, walking distance to the Village, and a couple of blocks in either direction to the subways. Also, easy to hail a cab as there is usually one waiting outside the property. We have gotten much less from hotels in Manhattan for much more money, and we all agreed we would definintely stay here again.	
Jun 8 2008 	Good stay....	We got a good rate for this hotel - under £100 a night on hotwire and I would say that it was good value for the money. Clean, good sized room, good location (walkable to most attractions in Manhattan). Didn't need to deal with the staff much, but they allowed us to check in early and stored our bags on our last day before departure. Would stay there again and recommend to friends if getting a similar rate!!And there were no protesters (but were signs up over the street).	
May 20 2008 	The Space Between Us	The Hotel:The hotel itself is nice enough. The lobby is fairly nice, comfy waiting chairs - not that I ever had to wait long to talk to someone. At first our card key didn't work, but they were quick to replace it. Very pleasant to talk to and generally personable. They have a lounge/restaurant with good food and terrible dining atmosphere. I suppose if you just wanted to have a couple drinks and chill out it would be nice, but for dining the set-up was not good. They don't impose a tip (unlike many places in Manhattan). They held our bags without incident on our last day in the Big Apple - nothing lost, nothing stolen.The Room:A lot of people are complaining about the space.... I don't know what type of hotels they usually stay in, but compared to almost every European hotel this room was very adequate. I didn't feel cramped at all. There was a TV with a small sample of cable channels and room service (although their first trip through the hotel is a little early for those of us who like to sleep-in) always did a good job of cleaning up and refreshing the room for when my wife and I came home. HOWEVER, and this is where I took all the points off my wife and I, celebrating our 1 year anniversary, were FORCED to sleep in two double beds! All the king-sized rooms (I guess there is a very limited amount?!?!?) were booked and because we booked through Hotwire we are last in the queue for the good rooms. On a non-hotel note, Hotwire only gave us $25 HotBucks for having to spend our week away in separate beds. Lame. Excessively lame.Location:Very close to the Subway 1,2 &amp; 3 (and N,R,W &amp; Q) lines. Just a couple stops from Times Square and in a fairly nice neighbourhood. I was never worried about getting mugged at night.Overall:I'm sure if you book directly and pay full price they'll give you what you want, but if you've booked through Hotwire, I hope you don't plan on sleeping in the same bed as whomever you've booked with!	
Apr 7 2008 	Good stay in Four Points Chelsea	I booked rooms early January from Priceline; for $ 155. List price on hotel's website was $305. We were very happy with the price we paid and in general with our whole stay in the hotel. Check in was fast and soon we were in our rooms on 16th floor.Rooms were clean, not very big, but spacious enough for us and our luggage and shopping bags… We even had view to ESB. Staff was friendly, location good between two subway lines, nearest stops on 7th ave and 23rd st add 6th ave and 23rd st. We received breakfast coupons, one per person for one morning.I had read about the protesting, but they were not there for our entire stay.There is free internet access (two computers + printer) downstairs.	
Apr 5 2008 	Tough Call - Bad first impression but worth the stay	I read that people had lost their room when checking in late in the evening due to over-booking by the hotel.Knowing we'd arrive at about 10pm I emailed to confirm the reservation and the lateness of our arrival and received a confirmation back that the room would be available and we wouldn't get moved.However upon arrival I was told that there were no rooms available that night due to overbooking. After 18 hours on the road and our body clock on 3am the next day neither I or my heavily pregnant wife were in the mood to be moved. They insisted nothing could be done and graciously offered us a room in another hotel - paid for! and a refund on our room for the night!Not prepared to waste one of our five days in New York shifting between accommodation I demanded a manager deal with the issue as the receptionist wasn't budging. A phone call to said manager and a room became available. On one of the executive guest floors where they can pre-check in without actually being at the hotel!That aside the hotel is very nice, the staff are very polite and pleasent. The location is fantastic. One block from the subway and walking distance to most major places - The Rock, Times Square, Empire State, 5th Avenue e.t.c. And if you get too tired then a taxi is about $5 to most major parts.The rooms - yes they are not big but what do you want a palace? They are very clean and tidy. The maid makes the bed every day and you don't hear much in the way of noise. I've stayed in far smaller, much worse places for more money. I would stay here again despite the issue on the first night. If they try and bump you from your room - put your foot down!P.S - The bar does 2 for 1 on drinks - great pre-dinner idea!	
Apr 4 2008 	Great Stay!!! One of the best in New York!!!	Four Points by Sheraton Manhattan Chelsea is one of the best hotels in New York. It has a great location! Your close to every single popular part of New York. The staff are very nice! But there is one staff member that really makes the hotel look bad, she is always in a really bad mood. But most of the staff are really nice.The protesters are not even there, they are not in front of the hotel, all quite. I don't get why people put reviews saying that the protesters are shouting! They ARE NOT THERE!Overall this is a really good hotel and in a great location, very honest staff members.P.S. Of you get a chance go to the Malibu Diner, they have great food there! Breakfast, Lunch and Diner. Great food there!P.S. Will make other comment with photos soon	
Mar 31 2008	Very pleasant stay	My best friend, myself and daughter spent 4 nights here for a girl's getaway to celebrate my daughter's 16th birthday.We booked on priceline just before New Year's and got this room for a steal of $150/night!!!For that price, it was worth every penny!Check in was easy. We were put in room 504 facing 25th St. We had 2 double beds, which to me was the only drawback as the beds were really small. We did love all the pillows on the beds though. We always bring our own sheets to hotels and remade the bed with those when we arrived and housekeeping just made up the bed daily with our sheets on the bed. I just have a thing about sleeping in questionable sheets so this is my habit whenever I travel. It gives me a peaceful night's sleep. The room itself was small, but we expected this for NYC. I thought they did a nice job of giving you storage though. We unpacked and each had 1 drawer (3 total). We also hung up some clothes in the closet and used the shelf above the desk and the desk for additional storage. It worked just fine.I thought the hotel was clean and the beds were comfy. The bathroom was decent size and the shower had good hot water &amp; water pressure. We always had plenty of towels and our room was cleaned well and in a timely manner daily. We received 3 breakfast coupons total, 1 per person for 1 morning of your stay. The breakfast was good. You were given a choice of 3 meal selections. We all chose the full breakfast which included 2 eggs, toast, 3 pieces of bacon and hash browns and drinks (fill yourself - juice, coffee, water, milk, etc.). We didn't realize how close the hotel was to Times Square until we went exploring our first night. The hotel is basically on the corner of 7th Ave. and 25th St. Times Square begins basically at 7th Ave. and 42nd St. so just a 17 block walk and you're there. It was a nice walk and we felt safe, even at night. However, if you can't or don't want to walk that far, grab a taxi - it was only $4 from most parts of Time Square back to the hotel and taxis were plentiful at night. Also the subway is on the corner of 23rd St. and 6th Ave. It was an easy way to get around too. We did buy water and fruit from Whole Foods the first night and that was a very nice store and SO convenient!Jennifer checked us in and seemed to be working every time we came through. She was very helpful &amp; even arranged for a car service for 4am the morning we checked out. It was the same price as a taxi to the airport ($45) and very convenient! He even arrived 10 min. early and we were at the airport in less than 25 minutes. We had heard about the protesting and weren't sure what to expect. They were not there for our entire stay. The only sign of any protesting was 2 banners hung on the building across from our window that said something about Four Points not following Federal Labor Laws. I thought the hotel was relatively quiet. The only noises we really heard were the nightly garbage trucks and our noisy neighbors who came in 1 night drunk at 4am. They made some noise but only for a few minutes so we didn't even bother calling the front desk about it. We just went back to sleep. We had a pleasant stay at this hotel and would recommend it for a NYC adventure.	
Mar 26 2008 	Not the best definitely not the worst	I booked 2 nights at the hotel for a work trip. I loved that it was less than a 10 minute walk from Penn at the outskirts of the fun Chelsea district. Chipotle, Starbucks, Whole Foods - lots of places around to grab something to eat or drink and many restaurants in the area as well.My confirmation email mentioned something about strikers outside the hotel and I called on Monday to learn more. Something about union vs non-union workers - I don't know the full story. There were no protesters on Monday night, Tuesday AM or PM and Wed - all was quiet.The lobby is small and feels transient. The hotel was sold out of king beds so I had a room with two double beds. The room could have been cleaner. The carpet wasn't well vaccumed either of the days I was there. I tested this by leaving the crumbs I found in the spot they were found in. Still there after I checked out. The sheets on one of the beds had some funky stains on them. The room was dusty too. For the love I can't understand why the bathroom did not have a soap dish. It was very strange. The bathroom itself was a pretty good size and the shower was fine. There was room for a soap dish, but alas...I called the front desk around midnight for new pillows - ones that weren't down. I couldn't reach anyone in housekeeping and after about 10 rings the front desk the woman hurriedly answered and asked if she could call me back in a minute. I said sure. After 45 minutes I got tired of waiting and called her back to ask for some non-down pillows that I wouldn't be allergic to. She apologized for not calling me back and someone came up right away.This is minor but a huge pet peeve of mine. Many of the desk documents (what to do in the city/info on the hotel) were tattered, dirty or printed on basic white paper that looked like it had seen better days. I know other people have stayed in this room but maybe you could refresh some of the docs and maybe print them all on the same paper? It's the little things that go a long way.All in all if the price is right and you want to be near Penn St and Chelsea and you don't mind not staying in a perfect hotel than check out the 4 pts.	
Mar 21 2008	Lovely Boutique Hotel with a few flaws	This hotel is based in the Chelsea district, not one of the nicest streets in New York, but conveniently located between sixth and seventh avenue, just a 5 minutes walk away from the Madison Square Garden and 10 Minutes from Times Square.The hotel lobby is quite small but cosy with a nice (sometimes overwhelming) cinnamon smell in the air.Hotel staff at the front desk are not too friendly or enthusiastic except for one lady (you will soon know who is meant) but they do an alright job.The hotel rooms are quite small, but you get an awesome view from one of the upper floors. The rooms have all the amenities you could wish for, including a big tv and a big shower and the beds are just divine. I have never slept in such a comfortable bed than this one. The cleaning lady does a very accurate job with the bed sheets.Some people here have complained about the small size of the room but it is sufficient to store all your clothes, your luggage etc. and besides you're in New York City, you're not going to stay in your room all day long.Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was ok, nothing spectaculare, you get free internet in the bar, and the happy hour is just great. Go say hi to Jenna! :-)A great great Whole Foods Supermarket is just around the block, it is worth a peak. Starbucks just around the corner as well.Concerning the picketing, one barely notices it, I don't see the big deal...and besides according to the hotel management it is not even Four Points workers who are demonstrating.Overall, it is a good choice as an hotel if you are in NYC as a tourist. I can't say much about the room price though as I stayed there on Starwood points.	
Mar 10 2008 	Avoid at ALL costs!	Strikers will wake you up by screaming &amp; chanting.Hotel is suing strikers, strikers are suing hotel, not a pleasant place to stay. Hotel will basically offer you a danish and juice for putting up with all of the noise. PATHETIC!!!	
Mar 4 2008	Could not have been better	Recently stayed at this property, could not haev been a better stay-except if I had been able to stay longer.Easy on line reservation, and nice reminder email. Stayed here before, so knew the location, area, etc. Arrived at the hotel early (red-eye flight from the West Coast), around 7:30am. Able to check into my room immediately, a big plus! Greeted by smiles,a nd hello-in fact all interactions with the staff (lobby, restaurant, maid) were pleasant. Everyone greeted with a hello and smile. Even given coupons for free breakfast-very nice surprise.Room was not the largest, but comfortable, and well laid out. On the top floor looking south, great day and evening views. Love the beds! 3 papers outside my door in the morning, another surprise.Plus: Early checkin Complimentary breakfast Complimentary papers Welcoming, friendly staff LocationCon: What is up with that alarm clock? Could never get it to work! Wake up call was late-by 10 minutes.  Was already in the shower when it went off...All in all a great experience.	
Feb 21 2008 	Small Rooms Smaller Lobby	I booked 2 nights at this hotel for the first part of my honeymoon in May of '07 using my SPG points. We arrived at the hotel around 1pm on a Monday and had to wait over an hour in a tiny, overcrowded lobby for our room to be ready. The room itself ended up being the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in. Granted it is in NYC, but this barely meets Four Points and Sheraton standards. The ice maker on our floor didn't work, we ordered a movie on the TV that unexpectedly shut off 10 minutes in, and the slowness of the free internet in the adjacent restaurant was not much better than a 56K modem. Outside of the great location and helpful staff, this wasn't a great experience, but hey we were in NYC, so we minmized our time in the hotel.	
Feb 3 2008 	To my surprise	My overall experience with Four Points Sheraton is between Above Average and Excellent. I booked a room online for a Sat. night to spend a pre-valentine's day with my boyfriend. I have to say I expected the room to be small being that it is in the city. But the size of the room was fine for one night, it was I have to say cozy. The room was clean, no smells, quiet, and no bed bugs. The bed was incredibly comfortable and my boyfriend and I didn't want to get out of bed. I will definitely stay at the hotel again. Unfortunately, I would have taken pictures of the room but I forgot my camera, duh me.	
Jan 27 2008 	Not up to much	Totally underwhelmed by this hotel from its scruffy lobby and dingy bar to its lipstick on a pig bedrooms that in the cold light of day bear little resemblance to the website photos. In its favour is a great, safe location with easy walking access to the main tourist &amp; business areas and a fabulous Whole Foods round the corner. Safe and clean, it's only a good deal if you get it for sub $250. If it costs more you can get better value for money elsewhere.	
Jan 22 2008 	Good Hotel Decent Location	We booked this hotel as a Starwood reward night. One of the reasons we chose this hotel was because of the location which is convenient to restauarants and are galleries in Chelsea.The staff was very nice and helpful. We stayed on a Saturday, and there were not any protestors while we were there.Yes, the rooms are small, however this is common for Manhattan. The decor was modern, and the room and bathroom were clean. One complaint about the bathroom is that there is very little room for your personal belonings. Another or different shelf would probably help. The view wasn't great but not expected for that part of the city.The machines in the workout room need some maintenance as both treadmills were not working properly. It is very easy to walk to restaurants and Chelsea art galleries. To get a taxi just walk down to 7th Avenue, and there is a Whole Foods right on the corner. Although breakfast was free, it took an extremely long time to get service and get our food. The staff was very friendly, however, and did what they could to make the experience better. They were severly understaffed which may be attributed to the strike. Overall it is a good hotel in a good location.	
Jan 21 2008 	Never Again	My stay at the Sheraton Four Points was very unsavory. The hotel was so small, I felt that I was in the &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; movie, and the feel of the room when I arrived was very dark &amp; dirty. There was not one thing in the room that was not painted brown or made with brown material. The protestors were great to wake up to. Something needs to be settled with this. I really felt bad for staying there after I found out why they were protesting. Sorry for the bad review...	
Jan 14 2008	Felt bad for the Protestors	I like this hotel...I've been using it as sort of a third choice when my first two hotels in NYC are booked. But I have to admit that I felt very guilty staying at a hotel where the protestors represent organized labor. I really think they need to settle this multi-months-long strike before I can feel comfortable staying there again.(sorry but I grew up in a working-class family and i know how tough it can be to keep good jobs at decent wages).	
Jan 7 2008 	Good place but bad bussiness model	I stayed for 3 nights starting with New Year's Eve. Lobby and rooms do not look as nice as in the pictures from the hotel website. There is a cheap feeling to this hotel. I am sure it is better than other hotels in New York but I have been in 2 1/2 stars hotels that felt better.My main complain is that, as of my stay, the management has stopped providing employer-funded health insurance for their employees. There were protests in front of the hotel which were starting at 8am each morning. If your room is on that side, you will not be able to sleep after that time. These two reasons are enough for me to not return.	
Jan 1 2008 	Satisfactory	The Sheraton Four Points- Like many other reviewers, the first thing I will note is that the rooms are VERY small, but I understand this is typical for NYC. The hotel was clean, front desk staff friendly &amp; helpful, room was clean, quiet, and decor was chic. Room was a little dark. As noted previously, ask for an updgrade to a King room away from ice machines. Overall, a satisfactory stay- no &quot;wow!&quot; factor, but very passable. Location is good, but one thing to note is that there is nothing restaurant -wise that is very close. (at least that we could find) Whole Foods across the street is great. I would stay again for the right price.	
Dec 13 2007 	Acceptable but not exciting.	At the time of reserving the room, the hotel was about 158 out of 338 NYC hotels, and that's right where I'd put it -- just a little above average. As others have written, the protesters were an annoyance, but the staff is friendly. Free internet is a plus, along with snacks at the desk in the morning. The room was functionally laid out, but crowded. The exercise room was marginal, but at least one of the treadmills worked, and it was odd that the only access was via the elevator to the basement. Whole Foods nearby was nice as well as another similar store with a Biblical name a block further. The elevators could have been cleaner. We used the buses rather than the metro --- at least you can see the city.	
Dec 11 2007 	Rough beds nice-small room great BAR!!	My girlfriends and I stayed at the Four Points in Chelsea for three nights. The room was small but that's to be expected in Manhattan, but it was very clean and chic! The hotel staff were great and the hotel breakfast was AWESOME!! The hotel was also close to multiple Subway stops and taxis were accessible either on 6th or 7th Avenue which were very near the hotel. In addition, the bar was fabulous! Happy hour was from 5-8 pm and drinks were 2 for 1! Now that's my kinda place! The only dissappointment was the union protesters that woke us up at 8 AM - but I definitley think this was out of the ordinary. To sum it up, I'd stay here again and would recommend it to any one of my friends.	
Dec 10 2007 	Above average but with flaws	We stayed at the hotel beginning of December for 1 week. When we arrived at about 4.30 pm our room was not ready, but it took only about 45 minutes which we used for some food shopping as there are lots of places around. As it was kind of our honeymoon trip, they gave a breakfast for free which was a nice gesture.Picketing was still ongoing, but the picketers were cramped behind a fence a little aside, still being very loud and having a video camera set up filming the entrance and a giant rat (about 4 meters high) with them which is quite an odd look to have in front of a hotel. We have not been insulted, but being yelled at very loudly when entering or leaving the hotel which we simply ignored. The whole thing is about employee health insurance which - according to the picketers - is not being paid for by the hotel as others do. The hotel says the picketers are not liable for the hotel staff which anyway would have no complaints. The truth - as always - seems to be somewhere in the middle. Expect the picketing in the morning and in the late afternoon. Definitely ask for a room on the backside of the hotel.So, besides that annoying little fact, what can be said about the Four Points? Well, expect a Starwood hotel, but don't expect it to be like other Starwood places. You can sure earn as well as redeem Starpoints which we did, but that's pretty much it. The crew at the front desk is kind of unwilling and surprised me with some astonishing helplessness. We ordered broadway tickets and needed some help - not that much helpfull. Ordering a limousine to the airport (53 dollars + toll) with from a different agency than they cooparate with (75 dollars + toll)? Not possible, not willing, whatever… No bathrobe or slippers are provided and don't expect to be upgraded even if you are SPG Platinum. The rooms &quot;all have pretty much the same size&quot; and only very few higher class. The good:- Subway stop 23rd or 28th street within 5 minutes walking distance- Very close to Times Square- Whole Foods supermarket, Starbucks and other food places very close- tiny, but clean rooms and relatively new rooms- free internet in the room (with cable, no wireless)- a small Poland Spring bottle of water every day for freeThe bad:- Air condition produces kind of an odd smell, but with around 0 degrees celcius absolutely required- unwilling &amp; apparently bored crewBottom line: if you want to spend redeem Starpoints - there's not better Starwood place to stay. But paying about 400 Dollars for it? I wouldn't...nevertheless a place I would return to.	
Dec 1 2007 	Spotless!	Stayed one night. Booked thru Priceline and got a great deal at $165/night. Room and bathroom were spotless. We requested a coffee maker and it arrived in less than 5 minutes. Bed was very comfortable. Yes, there were angry protesters which we simply ignored and walked right by. They have security making sure they don't bother the guests. We were on the second floor but faced away from the street so we didn't hear all the hub bub. If you are on the street side I can see where the noise would be annoying if you spend time in the room. The protest seems to go on from 8am-7pm. The staff was GREAT and went out of their way to make your stay comfortable. The manager stood in the lobby and seemed to be doing double duty as concierge even though I don't think it was his job. Maybe they are overcompensating because of the distraction of the protest but I don't think so. We were comped breakfast which was good although it took a while as it was very crowded. Nice bar scene. Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 30 2007 	Strikers ruin your stay - and the front desk isn't much better!	The strike ruined the weekend. We were told nothing when we booked ( well, yes it was on hotels.com)and minimal explanation when we checked in. Strikers went till 7 PM on Friday - obliterating the possibility of an afternoon nap after a long trip in to the city.I complained and was told - it would not be a problem for the rest of the stay - since the strikers don't come on weekends - well, they did on Sunday morning at 8:30 AM - could not sleep in. The front desk was sympathetic but offered absolutely no type of compensation for 2 ruined days - not good business.It is a nice hotel - a great location if you like Chelsea - rooms are small but modern. I had thought I booked a queen - and when I checked in found out it was 2 twins and the front desk was not helpful at all. I called down on Saturday morning to find out what time breakfast was over - the lackadaisical clerk said - oh 9:30 or 10:00 and it was 10:05 - my partner and I got dressed to go out for breakfast only to find out that breakfast WAS still being served - till 10: 30 and a nice breakfast - complimentary one day - eggs - toast - jujice - but no apology at all from the front desk . Service has nose dived - don't know why.Service has dropped A LOT since my last stay here two years ago and I would definitely not stay here under any situation if the strike is still going on. I did speak to the manager when I was checking out to register my complaints about all of the above and he was sympathetic but offered nothing. Bad business November 15-18DEFINITE DON&quot;T	
Nov 29 2007	labor dispute still going on	I've stayed here twice in the last month. Both times stayed on low floors. Both times facing the street where the chants were clearly audible starting around 7:30am and still running when I got back from the office at 7pm.The room itself is nice enough, and I have sympathy for workers in general, but they definitely succeeded in making my stay unpleasant. The management needs to do something to address what's going on.	
Nov 23 2007 	Small rooms angry protesters!	My wife and I stayed at the Four Points in Chelsea for 3 days 2 nights and had booked a month in advance. When we arrived we were blasted by angry protesters yelling at us. We had no idea what was going on, and when we asked the manager at the front desk Allan, he just said it was some sort of labor dispute and brushed it off like it was normal to be screamed at when you check into a hotel in New York City. Everytime we walked in or out of the hotel the protesters were there screaming at us. Thank god we didn't have our children with us. I suggest to anybody booking this hotel that they call ahead and find out if the protest is over. It made for a very unpleasant experience. The rooms were also tiny.	
Nov 19 2007 	Great NYC hotel staple	I was on the road a lot last year and traveled to NY every couple of weeks. I stayed at this Sheraton each and every time. Not only were they kind enough to honor the corporate rate when I'd beg them to let me book a last minute stay, they'd accommodate me even when they were full, even though I didn't have Starwood platinum level membership. The location is super - close to all the subway lines and in walking distance to Union Square, Chelsea, the West Village, Gramercy Park, Times Square, Penn Station, etc - plus there's a Whole Foods on the corner if you need anything. I ordered breakfast from Ume restaurant most morning sand it was always on time and pretty good. The rooms are well decorated (modern), quiet, fully functional (no broken a/c, bugs, etc), clean, relatively spacious (at least compared to the Hudson, the Time, etc) and conducive to working. Free internet is a nice touch. Beds are comfy too. The bar downstairs is cute and has nice cocktails. This is an ideal hotel for business travel though I'd also stay there if I was just visiting.	
Nov 17 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	We stayed heere one night in early November, came in for the weekend to see a show and shop. Unfortunately this was also NY Marathon weekend so most hotels were fully booked, and those that weren't were outrageously priced.Staff was helpful and friendly . We were able to check in earlier than the allowed time. Room was clean and in very good condition. It was small as most in NYC are. Overall the room was nicer than I expected. There is a restaurant downstarirs, got coffee ther in the morning and it was good. There is also a bar. Other than that, the hotel is basic without the amenities of larger hotels. But for this trip we didn't need those as we were out and about most of the time. Reminds me a little of a boutique hotel.Neighborhood is safe and there are restaurants and shops right there, even a Wholefoods on the corner. The neighborhood is quieter than midtown which can be a plus.Subway is close by and the midtown area where we apent most of our time was a quick easy cab ride away.Next time, if possible, I'd like to stay in Midtown as that is where we spend our time. But if it is booked, I would gladly stay at the Four Points again. We were very comfortable there.	
Nov 16 2007	loved it!	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel very much. Wonderful location! Only a few blocks away from all subway lines. Good restaurants and breakfast places around the hotel. Small room, but very clean. Hotel staff helpful and very professional.	
Nov 5 2007 	The nicest Four Points you'll find	If you've never stayed at this Four Points, the first thing you should know is that it is completely unlike other Four Points you may have stayed at which are usually minimal service business hotels. The Four Points Chelsea is a basically a pretty cool boutique hotel in a centrally-located part of Manhattan. The rooms are small but nice, including amenties like flat screen TVs and a free bottle of water. The lobby is very 'hip&quot; with music playing, cool looking Europeans sitting around, and a bar and a restaurant that both look trendy and probably are overpriced - but I didn't eat there.I have nothing bad to say about this place. The rooms were clean. The service was good. They offered me a 2pm late checkout because I'm SPG Gold. In fact, I was able to stay here using Starwood Cash&amp;Points for $90 and 4,000 points which is a real steal - if you're going to NYC, check spg.com for Cash&amp;Points deals - they are the best.Location wise: This hotel is centrally located in the sense that it is easy walked distance to many interesting areas like Union Square, Times Square, Herald Square, even Greenwich Village isn't too far away. And the public transit situation is great. However, the immediately around the hotel there isn't really that much of interest - although there is a Whole Foods around the corner in case you need to pick something up.Some recommended eats in the area:Eisenberg's lunch on 5th and 22nd - old-timey FANTASTIC F&amp;B - top notch hot dogs and sausages on 23rd betw 7&amp;8Chat n Chew - union square - comfort foodThere's a ton of good eating in the area. You won't be disappointed.	
Nov 4 2007 	Love the location	I was looking for a location in chelsea and came across the Four Points. I was a little skeptical at first since i never stayed at a Four Points before but to my surprise, it was one of the best experiences I had in New York.This hotel is situated right in the middle of everything. Subway stations are 2 blocks down on 23rd street and get you anywhere in the city. The hotel lobby was a bit busy at checkin but it was 4pm and everyone wanted to checkin and experience the city. The staff were very friendly and greeted us everytime we entered the hotel. (not something I expected) My overall experience at this hotel was amazing! I will definitely be visiting this place again.	
Oct 31 2007 	Effecient	Stayed for 4 nights with my wife during a NYC city break (using SPG points). Hotel is a great location, including several subway stations and a giant Wholefoods very nearby!Hotel covers all bases competently (from prompt room service, good shower and great bed etc) and room size was decent for NYC. We personally liked the wet room concept for the ensuite. On the negative side, the gym is over advertised (it is 4 machines in a cramped room) and although I didn't pay with cash, I know the normal room rate is c. $350 - $400 per night, which seems pretty steep and I don't think I would have personally paid this ... but then again, I have always had good service within the Starwood group (both on business and personal), so perhaps this is the price of confidence?	
Oct 31 2007 	Great location great room but that's it.	I was visiting for the yearly Photo convention at the Javits. I wanted to stay somewhere that was crowded with tourists so I picked this location in Chelsea. I used my starwood points to get 3 nights stay for free.The pros:Great location in the city, it is within walking distance to many ammenities. There was a Wholefoods supermarket across the street. Places to get food in every direction all within walking distance. A great location to stay at if you are not familiar with the city. The room was excelent but then again it is a Sheraton, Starwood hotel. The bed and the linen was really comfortable and the bathroom was clean with all the ammenities. The cons:Inconsistant staff, there was only one friendly staff that I encountered. I had to move 3 times the first day of arrival. The room wasn't ready at check in time and I had to wait an hour before my room was ready. Oh yeah no appoligies from the staff that helped me. So the first room I got still had guest in it. The second room I got the A/C was broken. The third room was finally all good but it had a weird smell to it. I just smoked a fe cigarettes to get rid of the smell since I didn't feel like dragging my bags down stairs for the 3rd time in one day. Again no appoligies was given. I woke up the next day to protesters out front of the hotel. I brushed it off, they'll be gone soon and they are only protesting for a day. Well no! they continued to protest for the next 3 days that I was there. I would of been fine if the staff had told me of this situation but instead I had to wake up to it. Not only that every time I left and came back to the hotel I was harrassed by the protester to check out of the hotel and get my money back. Overall the stay was great but the experience of the staff and the protester and having to move multiple times really put a damper on my experience with this hotel. I definitly would not ever come back to this hotel and definitly would not recommend anyone else to stay here either. They need to hire better people and train them better in customer service. For it to be a Starwood/ Sheraton chain I am very disapointed in my experience.	
Oct 26 2007	BEWARE - Service is horrendous 	We had the *pleasure* of arriving in the midst of a labor dispute complete with picketers with bull horns. The kicker is that the strikes had apparently been going on for several weeks before our scheduled arrival date, yet nobody at this hotel or Starwood bothered to notify us in advance as to the disruption to service and general noise nuisance that we would be subject to (the TV at max volume didn't even drown them out). To top it off, the front desk gave us a letter AFTER we checked in to advise that they had become aware of &quot;some people&quot; outside the hotel who may cause a disturbance. &quot;Some people&quot;? Really? It's their own employees. When we complained after listening to the bullhorns for 5+ hrs, we were told that our room reservation was non-cancellable and that even if we moved to a different hotel, they were going to charge us for all 3 room nights. Great customer service! I was shocked by the entire hotel staff's (from the front desk to the manager's (Allen) nonchalant attitude about the whole thing and utter disregard for very legitimate complaints. This hotel is a joke and by no means what one would expect of a Starwood property. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!	
Oct 24 2007 	Great little hotel for a reasonable price.	The rooms are a bit small (they somehow look bigger in the photos on the SPG site), as are the elevators, but have comfortable beds and views of the Empire State Building and the interesting water towers on the roofs of buildings, if you are in one of the 'Deluxe' rooms on a higher floor ('Standard' rooms on lower floors look into the office building across the street - so if you like to walk around 'au natural' you'll need to keep the curtains shut or ask for a higher floor). The staff is very helpful and friendly. The room service from the restaurant in the lobby was fast (and the girl who delivered the food looked like a supermodel). The fish and chips were excellent. The Internet worked great, but was not wireless. This is by no means a luxury hotel, but is clean, conveniently located and excellent for the price (compared to some other, overpriced hotels in NYC!).	
Oct 23 2007 	Good hotel but beware of strike outside!	We are currently staying at this hotel for a few days and since our arrival, a group of hotel workers have been on strike outside the entrance to the hotel. While the hotel is fine on many levels, it is definitely uncomfortable to be confronted with aggressive picketers who yell at the guests as they enter or exit the hotel. As a guest unaware of the situation and actually sympathetic to the workers' cause, it it still a bit annoying to be yelled at and to be made to feel guilty -- we had no idea there were issues at this particular hotel and I feel the hotel should be upfront about the fact it is happening. We would have chosen an alternate place to stay had we been made aware of the strike! Looking at other reviews, other guests in September had to deal with this issue as well. Too bad, because the rooms are fine, albeit tiny (room for only ONE bed side table in a king size bed room and tiny bathrooms), the hotel staff is very friendly, the hotel is clean... Again, the hotel per se is good, but it is really too bad the issues between the hotel management and the workers affect our experience so greatly...	
Oct 21 2007 	Workers on strike outside of my window	I stayed at this hotel for work from Oct 6 to Oct 10. I usually stay at other Starwood properties in NYC but the rates were pretty cheap for the Four Points. What a mistake! Every morning I got woken up by striking hotel workers. I was on the 12th floor and could hear them chanting.. God only knows what! When ever I walked out of the hotel they pubically shamed me. The place was crawling with security and guards outside of the hotel. The rooms were small and the bed covers smelled like they haven't been washed in years. I complained to one of the workers and they looked at me like I was speaking another language. I've never had an experience like this at a hotel. I can't believe that I paid to stay at this place.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great Stay	Short &amp; simple, stayed here for one night and everything went smooth. The rooms are small however they are in great shape. I have stayed in many of the starwood properities in nyc and have to say this is the best bang for the buck. The only problem I did have is they did not have valet service. Granted the garage was a few blocks over, it would have been nice to have the car parked for you. Would stay here again	
Oct 10 2007 	Terrific stay at the Four Points	We visit NYC about three times a year, and this was arguably the best stay we had in the many years we've visited. We hadn't explored Chelsea before and this trip absolutely convinced us to always pick this hotel.Chelsea is a very cute neighborhood, with plenty of couples and families. It's an easy walk to Times Square and theater district , but why stop there? Explore downtown too—the East and West Villages, NoHo, and SoHo. You'll be pleasantly surprised. The Chelsea Market is on 9th Ave between W 14th and 15th Streets. It is truly fantastic for foodies. My non-foodie better half liked the offerings at the Ronnybrook Milk bar. Try the vanilla milkshake, sausage and egg croissant, and cast iron eggs. You won't need to eat for another six hours.After the market, walk down further and check out the shops in the West Village like the Japanese superstore Uniqlo for some basic items. A couple blocks later on Mercer Street, marvel at the superb pieces in bathroom design at the Toto showroom. If you're looking for a unique scent, head to Lafco NY on LaFayette Street. As for the picket: what picket? Get out early, come in late. You'll miss it. Booked stay through SPG.com, used Starwood points.Stayed in room 17** (SPG floor)Bathroom was much bigger than most NYC hotel bathrooms. Cute bath items from Caswell Massey with a yummy lemon verbena scent. The king-sized bed was quite comfy and comparable to Westin's Heavenly bed (which has a softer pillow top).Other hotels we've stayed at in NYC:Sheraton Manhattan Tower near Times SquareW Hotel on LexVarious Choice hotels near Time Square	
Oct 7 2007	Wonderful Hotel!!!!	It was a great stay right from the beginning. The front desk staff was as friendly as can be and always went out of their way to help us in anyway we needed. There was a protest going on outside the hotel which sure didn't make sense as to how only a handful of the employees were out there protesting one minute and then coming in to work at the hotel they were just protesting about. If they really feel the hotel is being unfair or breaking laws, QUIT and FIND ANOTHER JOB. No one is bound to a job and if they are unhappy, they should quit, not protest. That sure didn't make sense and only proves their protest is only when it's convenient for them. Screaming out &quot;Don't Check In, Check Out&quot; it completely absurd. Do the protestors realize that the less people that check in, the less rooms there are to clean, which results in less staff needed?? Please people......make sense when you protest!!Despite the annoying disturbance outside, the hotel handled everything fantastically and even took the forethought to call before my check in date to advise of the protest and offer cancellation with no penalty. Now that's customer service at it's finest. I will definitely be staying at the Four Points next month and every time thereafter.	
Oct 4 2007 	Clean Efficient Value	This was one of the few places in mid town available for $200/night after a long day at the US Open. No frills, but as advertised; clean, compact room, desk, chair, small but clean newish bath. No surprises. Wholefoods market across street on 7th avenue.	
Sep 30 2007	Do not book !	There is currently ( as of 23rd sept) an employee/union dispute on. While the hotel itself was fine ( room very small ) we were greeted by protestors shouting as you leave the main door in the morning. The hotel have also employed security staff,so they are present in and out of the hotel also. I have never passed a picket and am angry that the hotel did not advise of this beforehand.	
Sep 24 2007 	Family Stay in Lower Manhattan	I used SPG points for this one night stay in lower Manhattan with my family (husband and two kids). Great location. Nice, clean, modern rooms. Yes, they are on the smaller side, but you aren't here to stay in a resort setting and spend time in your room. Some nice bonuses are the outdoor seating in front of the hotel for the bar and the Whole Foods market right around the corner. Would definately stay here again if I were passing throught NYC and needed a place to stay for a night or two. I belive the paid rates were not bad either for NY.	
Sep 22 2007 	In the Middle of a Labor Dispute	My sister and I traveled to NY from MD for one night 9/20/07 to see a concert in the area and booked a stay at the Sheraton 4 Points in Chelsea. Prior to our arrival we received email confirmation from the hotel and even several updates on the latest weather forcast for our visit. After all of this communication prior to our arrival it was surprising to find out there were VERY vocal picketers posted outside the hotel protesting and had been for many days but no mention or pre-warning about that in any of our emails. Now I understand that advertising that your business is being picketed is not usually something that's good for business but neither is having your customers from out of state walk into a land mine like that. Once inside the hotel the staff really wanted to avoid even discussing what was happening and handed us a very short memo from the manager stating if we had any concerns we could call the listed contact number. I don't know about other rooms in this hotel but the sound-proofing in our room on the front facing the street was like you were out in the open --the noise was amazing. Long story short, at 6am the next morning the protesters returned and were milling around in front of the hotel and several shouted wake-up, wake-up and then around 8 the full chants and horns began at fever pitch. For these lovely accomodations they wanted to charge us close to $400 for one night. After a few calls to the manager about the insanity of that he agreed to reduce the bill based on the circumstances. Obviously that is the right thing to do but why does it take the customer having to pitch a fit about an obvious problem before someone does the right thing. Advice to travelers going to this hotel check out the protest situation prior to booking unless you enjoy being in the middle of a labor dispute--and being awaken at 6am.	
Sep 17 2007 	Great Experience	Got a great deal with Priceline at $250 a night. My wife and I loved this hotel. Helpful staff, very friendly. The hotel has a good location in the middle of the city. The nearest subway is a few blocks away, but it's not too far at all. The room was nice and spacious. Internet access was free and easy. The bathroom was very nice - the tub was bigger than normal and everything was uber-clean. We will look to stay here again the next time we're in the city.	
Sep 12 2007 	Good location clean modern hotel freindly staff	Stayed at the Sheraton Manhattan Chelsea on a Saturday night for one night. Had a king room on the 19th floor with a nice view of the NYC skyline including the Empire state building. Check-in was super quick, and the front desk staff was very friendly. I am a Starwood Preferred Guest gold, so the staff usually is friendly regardless of property. I paid with points, but I think the room would have been in the $300 per night. Sometimes when you pay with points/miles you get treated a little less &quot;nicely&quot; but this wasn't the case here. Received a king &quot;executive&quot; room. Yes it wasn't very big, but this is NYC and nothing is very roomy. The room seemed to be very recently updated. Had a king bed, large armoire with safe and bathrobe, TV with a decent amount of channels, a desk with a tall back very comfortable ergonomic chair, and a smaller size bathroom with large shower stall. Everything was very clean and tastefully done. Heard no noise from the hall and very little from the street below.The location is OK. If you like antiques there is tons and tons of antique stores and markets within a block of the hotel. Its also within walking distance of the Meat Packing district if you want to go out clubbing. Plenty of delis and places to eat within one block. There is a bar/restaurant on the 1st floor of the Hotel. Didn't eat there so cant tell you if it was good or not. Hailing a cab was very easy.Overall I am happy with my stay, with no complaints. I would stay there again.	
Sep 6 2007 	shouldn't pay more than $150 including tax for one night here	Definitely you don't want to pay 380 including tax to stay here just for one night. originally we prepaid with regular price to reserve a room with double bed. we asked about king bed when check-in. so we got. But it is really surprised to see this tiny room with a king bed. Then we figure out this is a backup room because we recall that initially a staff said there was no such room while another said they had a special one for us. Now we know the meaning of &quot;special&quot;.The room is clean. only an internet cable avaiable. No wireless at all. Some local TV programs are free. HBO,Discovery... are not.No fridge. NO microwave. The bathroom is ok,not too small. Anyway,don't expect anything other than a bed. Our room is next to a ice machine which cause a little bit noise which could be a problem for a light sleeper. Out room is at 8th floor. No view at all. Instead you can see an old shabby wall. But that's NYC. I guess $100-150 is the fair price for this room.	
Sep 4 2007 	Had a great time at the hotel	My friends and I booked a hotel room for the labour day weekend. This is my fair and honest opinion of the hotel. We checked in at 12pm on Friday eventhough our check in time was 3pm. They were generous enough to give us a room on the 8th floor away from the ice machine. The guy at the front desk was quick with the check in (took us about 2 minutes)Like all the reviews, the rooms are very small. In our room, there were two double beds. The double beds were more like large single beds, but they were incredibly comfy. The washroom was right near the door. It was spacious with plenty of towels. There was tv, closet and drawers..all in one small room. It would have been better to have a bigger room or smaller furnitures! We had to watch our steps over the luggages and stuff, but overall everything was included. I loved the free internet access. It wasn't wireless, so the speed was amazingly fast. I called home from skype, so I didn't have to use long distance from the hotel. It was easy to get directions to all the touristy places, too. Whenever we came back to the hotel, we were always welcomed back which I really appreciated. The staffs were all nice, young and helpful. They got us stuff (toothbrush, towel) prompty. We definitely had no problems with the staffs. We didn't get room service nor used the gym, so I can't stay much about that. Its close to 23rd subway station (1)...two stops from time square. Very close to greenwich village..we had breakfast there. Its a very gay friendly community. There's a Chelsea Papaya store on 23rd and 7th..didn't go there, but heard it was amazing. There's a 24 hours Duane Reade close by. There's a restaurant called Bombay Gardens near 23rd/7th...its an Indian buffet if you want to go. There is a whole foods store near the hotel if anyone's interested. We paid $195/night at the hotel, but i know it goes around $300/night. I wouldn't pay $300 at the hotel, so I think it was fair to have it at $195 (still expensive, but hey..its new york!).Basically, you get what you pay for..nothing too crazy fancy, but we enjoyed the clean, simple features and anemities they offered.	
Aug 30 2007	two stars at best	Well I've never had a Caesar Salad with powdered parmesan out of a packet before! And all other aspects of the hotel were in every respect similar to the quality of my salad. Need I say more?	
Aug 25 2007 	Weekly Customer	I travel to NYC weekly for business, and after staying at multiple hotel properties in Manhattan, Queens, LGA, JFK and Long Island over the past 6 months, I have found my &quot;home away from home&quot;.The hotel accomplishes quite a bit despite its somewhat constrained space. The restaurant/lounge area is an excellent place for meetings from 10 AM - 3 PM - quiet, room to spread out, and private. The greenhouse effect and couches are nice too. The breakfast service is impeccable with a nice, affordable selection. The hotel offers a couple of small meeting rooms and fitness center that I have not utilized, though look decent. A few employees in the restaurant/bar staff are a bit aloof, however Rodney and Jenna make up for it.The rooms are a bit small, but the colors and decor are unique and trendy. The beds are extremely comfortable and difficult to get out of in the morning. The hotel provides free internet access in each room. The views on the north side of the building are of the Chrysler Building and the Empire State building. Free bottled water in each room, with multiple newspapers at your door each morning (NY Post, NY Times, USA Today and WSJ).The neighborhood provides a wide assortment of restaurant and nightlife activity. I don't access the subway system myself, but several stops are within a couple of blocks of the hotel. The front desk staff is attentive (depsite several of these postings), and provide adequate service, prompt check-in and accurate billing and check-out.	
Aug 4 2007 	good location and price	The location was great, since I rarely venture above 30th street when in nyc. Easy subway access and soho and greenwich village are in easy walking distance. The room is small (as most nyc hotel rooms are), but was well decorated and very clean, The bed was VERY comfortable. We had to force ourselves out in the morning. It was nice to find a reasonably priced hotels with a little style in this neighborhood, so I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 22 2007 	Ok	The rooms are VERY small - some just have one double bed. For a Starwood property charging the rates they are, that is small. The neighborhood is noisy even though it is on a crosstown street. They try to be hip, and the staff was helpful. They give a free bottle of water. It is pretty close to the 1 subway line and activities in Chelsea	
Jun 20 2007 	Great location good value	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and we were very satisfied with the whole stay. Nice rooms and no ice machines or other noise bothered us. Ask for a corner room though, they are bigger. Nice and friendly staff and free use of the internet was very helpful as well. The location was perfect too. Right in Chelsea walking distance to midtown and downtown. Definitely good value compared to other hotel rates in Manhattan. I booked directly with the hotel because they offered the best prices. Breakfast is not included but that was fine. There are enough places around to go for breakfast.I would recommend this hotel to others and definitely would stay here again.	
Jun 13 2007 	Unpleasant Experience	The front desk staff seemed unorganized and distracted. Upon arrival, we were told our room was not available and that we should come back in 30 minutes. We asked to leave our bags, but noticed that they just put them in a pile in the corner of the lobby. We had laptops and other electronics in our bags, so this was a bit disconcerting. We came back about an hour later, but the room was still not ready. It took about 45 more minutes for them to locate a room and check us in. Everyone behind the desk was distracted, but it wasn't that busy in there. I kept having to remind them that I was standing there waiting for them to finish the process. It was a very unpleasant experience.However, the room was nice and clean, but pretty small. The housekeeping staff was very friendly.	
Jun 6 2007	Waste Of Time!	First of all, I came in with a group of my in-laws for a bachelorette weekend. We were treated rudely upon entering to check into the hotel. The guy at the desk stated &quot;No rooms are available&quot;. (Which would be fine since we were a bit early, however he didn't even bother to check his computer). No more than 10 seconds later he decides he will check his computer and realizes, he DOES have a few rooms available. This should have been a simple process checking everyone in. It took TWO HOURS! I was very organized with my group and provided a spreadsheet with confirmation numbers and the room reservation name it should be under to make this process quick and simple. And if that wasn't bad enough, he placed people in the wrong rooms (under the wrong name reservation). How difficult is it to say “Ms. X” you are in room Y, and then put them in that room. He just randomly placed people in rooms! So wrong charges were incurred on credit cards and wrong rates, wrong reservation name, etc. etc.During our stay we had a pretty unpleasant stay. My mother was moved from her room due to the air conditioning not working. It was 90 degrees this weekend so that wasn’t going to work. The hotel maintenance guy told us, it was working, when indeed it clearly was not. He just didn’t want us to be moved and he was too lazy to bother to fix it. Finally, she was moved to another room with the same problem. She gave up on all the moving, and dealing with everything else; we wanted to enjoy our stay in the city because it was such a short trip to begin with! On Saturday night, I came back with my mother in law at about 1am to find someone throwing several glass bottles out of the windows over the entry way of the hotel that missed us by about 3 feet. The guy at the desk did NOTHING! I saw him go to the window, look, and then go back to whatever he was doing. We were horrified because we could have been seriously injured by this. What kind of place is this?To my horror, checking out was an even bigger feat. TWO HOURS AGAIN! I must say this is HIGHLY UNACCEPTABLE to my standards. This hotel wasted SEVERAL hours of my vacation time with my family. I chose this hotel. I am highly embarrassed that I had my new in-laws and my family to have to deal with this due to the incompetence of the hotel staff.I came home and thought this saga was finally over. WRONG. I checked my credit card statement and to my dismay, once again, I will be FORCED to deal with the hotel staff once again. I was charged TWICE on my card. And DIFFERENT rates at that. I shouldn’t have even had to pay for my room in the first place, let alone be charged twice!! For the amount of time I had to spend at the front desk, I should have been compensated in some way. But I got NOTHING. Absolutely nothing!!!! MY fiancé and I are loyal customers to the Starwood hotels and look for them everywhere we go. Good luck getting business at this hotel, because I plan to tell everyone know about the experience I had...	
May 29 2007 	Four Points out of Five	I used Starwood points for my stay at the Four Points Sheraton Chelsea New York so cannot comment on value for money. I can, however, say this:The rooms, while small, are well designed and quite comfortable. A number of rooms have weak air-conditioners that have trouble keeping the temperature down on hot days (ie, over 85 degrees outside means 75 + inside). Internet access is free and the connection is excellent.If you are a light sleeper, be sure to ask for a room on a floor with no ice machine. Unfortunately, no matter what floor you are on, you cannot escape the room doors that close (or should I say &quot;slam&quot;) automatically. Another thing that unpleasantly surprised me was that there were no blackout curtains and so the sunlight streamed in easily through the blinds.The hotel is located within easy walking distance of the Chelsea nightlife and, if you want to take the subway, there are stations at 23rd and 28th Streets, less than 10 minutes by foot.Finally, the staff are both friendly and eager to help.	
May 19 2007 	Starwood Quality	I stayed at The Four Points by Sheraton Manhattan Chelsea on May 8th-15th. Upon arrival, the entire front desk staff greeted me before I fully stepped into the hotel. I checked in at 10AM as they found a room for me, with a quick call to housekeeping, even though the night before was fully booked. The entire front desk staff worked in sync as one checked me in, the other gave me maps/nearby attractions and the other made a car reservation for me to head back JFK airport. I was extremely impressed. The room is not small, but not large. It seemed like it was just perfect for a couple. Great decor and just the right amenities in the right places. Free bottle water and internet service is a great plus. Housekeeping staff are fantastic, very friendly even though English is not their first language. They try and speak with you to see what you need, which I love. The bar is very cozy and great happy hour specials..probably the best in Manhattan. If you do not have a computer you an use their free internet station. There is free wifi in the lobby. There is a fitness center and also a board room. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. Come and experience this hotel's energetic staff in a lively neighborhood. I give nothing but praises. Beats Hampton anytime.	
Apr 26 2007 	Excellent Hotel	I just returned from a trip to NYC. Stayed at Four Points from Apr. 14-16. Paid $245 a night, very expensive.I arrived at the hotel at noon and was worried about checking in early, but no problem they had a room. The rooms are small but OK. The only problems were not enough shelf space in the bathroom and the street noise at night kept me awake.	
Apr 18 2007 	New York Hotels are Just Too Expensive	Though this hotel is a good deal for NYC, at $295 a night for the least expensive room, it is hard to feel like you are getting your money's worth.The rooms are small, but spotless and in good condition. The beds arereasonably comfortable, and the bathrooms were small but functional and extremely clean. The curved shower rod was a nice touch.The hotel doesn't nickel and dime customers--three different kinds ofnewspapers are complimentary, as is a bottle of water in the room,and coffee. They even had snacks at the front desk.The hotel does have an exercise room with four cardio machines--thereare no weights. Chelsea is a good location, though not close to that many tourist sites, if that is what you are in New York to do.This is a solid three star hotel, providing functional, clean rooms with a touch of design flair. Not a bad choice, given the prices fo rooms elsewhere in the city.	
Apr 9 2007 	Four Points Small rooms great staff	I'm often in NYC and usually stay in Midtown. This trip I needed a hotel in Chelsea/SoHo area. Most are quite expensive in this trendy area. Searching the web, I ran across this hotel and tried it out. First the rates are reasonable, but the rooms are very small, even for NYC. My first room did not have a bathtub either, just a shower. My check in was quite late, so the next morning I requested a room change and the staff was very accomodating, switching us to another room that was larger (but still small). Each room was equipped with Roman shades, which do offer privacy, but do not block morning sun - so be prepared to be an early riser unless you block it with sheets which is what we ultimately did. Hotel staff is terrific, great little bar off the lobby, good in-hotel restaurant and convenient location for downtown/midtown stay. I would suggest calling the hotel to make a reservation - they were very helpful and suggested several ways to get discounted rates. Bottom line, not a ton of amenities and small rooms, but a good, reasonably priced hotel for the area.	
Apr 8 2007 	Decent hotel needs a few changes	My daughter and I stayed at the Four Points Chelsea the last weekend in March. Our room was very clean and the staff friendly (although a bit befuddled on the phone.) We used the free internet several times to check email. Our room was on the 6th floor, facing the street. Lots of street noise all night long, including a moving van being loaded at 1 am across the street.The hotel has to address the window coverings! The Roman shades are lovely, but the windows need blackout shades, and soon. Also, as others have mentioned, the lack of shelf space in the bathroom is a problem, and could be simply fixed with a shelf along the outside wall. I took the towels out of the unit above the toilet and used that shelf for my toiletries, but it was a bit high for my daughter to reach. Ask for rooms on the back of the hotel, on the higher floors, and the noise won't be much of a problem. We heard no noise from the elevator or the room next to us.We had a Starwood hotel rate, but I've seen this hotel available for $199, which isn't bad, given its location. We liked being so close to 3 different subway stations, and took the bus back after a show on Friday night. Plenty of little breakfast places around for a quick bagel and a coffee before you head out for the day. The Chelsea garage flea market is half a block away if you're there on the weekend, too. We spend the following two nights at the Sheraton New York Towers. Although our room at the Sheraton Towers was quieter, I'd much prefer to return to the Four Points.I have photos to add when we figure out the problem with my camera!	
Mar 19 2007 	pretty good for NYC	We cashed in some SPG points for a free night here and were very happy with the hotel. A couple of hiccups, but nothing serious. We were first assigned a room that the desk clerk said, with a smile (as if it were a good thing), was on a floor with an ice machine. Only when we saw that the ice machine was jammed into a space between the stairs and our room did we see why he was smiling. My loved one said it wasn't a big deal until I asked her to go into the room, close the door, and I then pushed the button for ice. After the avalanche of ice and noise she opened the door and said, &quot;Let's move.&quot;. It was literally next to the wall that was 2 feet from the bed.We got a nice room on the SPG floor (no ice machines). The size was typical for NYC budget hotels, enough room to move around, but not a whole lot of room. We were on a very quiet side facing the back of buildings on 24th street, so minimal street noise. We could hear the conversation of the maids quite clearly, so pray you get quiet neighbors. The room was done nicely with the famous sweet sleeper and decent ammenities in the toilet.The location is great if you like Chelsea, but it's close to walk to mid-town, Union Square, or even the village if it's nice out.The major downside to this place is the breakfast. They wanted $3 for a simple coffee. I told the guy I was only going to have half a cup anyway, so he let it go, &quot;Just this one time&quot; he scolded. Seriously, for rooms starting at $225 a night, they can't have complementary coffee in the lobby or restaurant?Summary, go there, it's nice, clean, relatively cheap for NYC, no pool, gym, good service and nice staff. Bring your own ice!	
Mar 15 2007 	Overall good value	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for two nights for an anniversary getaway. We chose this hotel for the location and value, as we wanted to spend our money on dinners out, etc...Overall we had a good experience, the bed was very comfortable and the room was small but cozy. Everything was clean, and the staff was friendly. There were, however, a few negatives.-nowhere to place toiletries, so we had to put them on the floor or toilet.-staff walkie-talkies were turned up very loud and we were woken up by them one morning at around 7 a.m. Soundproofing also not very good as we could hear conversations in the hallway and noise from the street.-we ordered a pot of hot chocolate through room service, and after an hour called to check on it's whereabouts. They had failed to take down our room number and were waiting for us to call them back. When we finally got it, it was watery and undrinkable. They took it off our bill though the next morning without a problem.-Chelsea is a cute area, with lots of options for shopping and eating. However, although the Theatre District and Times Square are technically within walking distance, if you are looking to spend a lot time at these places, consider choosing a more centrally located hotel.If you are looking for a decent-sized comfortable room for good value, this is a great option. Just be prepared to deal with some small annoyances.	
Mar 12 2007 	Perfect and reasonable	Stayed at the Four Points Chelsea with a group of girlfriends over the first weekend of March. It was the first time all of us (late thirties) have been out without the children/husbands in a looong time and we wanted to save our money to spend on going out as opposed to hotels. While the W is trendy, this property was actually comprable room-wise. They are not huge, but definitely suitable and fine for NYC. We booked doubles which had 2 &quot;double beds&quot; as they call them, but they are really more like a twin and a half than a full/double. The area is fine and many things are walkable. Recommend Kanvass on 9th b/w 23rd and 24th as a starting off point. It has the look and feel of trendy, but not the attitude. Good music, nice seating (reserve) and outrageously good appetizers. Best part is, from 5-10 o'clock, martinis are half price at $5. We all had at least 3 drinks and an appetizer tower plus a few other apps. for $30/person including tip! Back to the hotel-service wasn't a big need as we were in for one night but staff were accomodating and did their best to put us in rooms nearby one another, etc. Highly recommend as a reasonable but clean, nice place to stay in NY.	
Mar 12 2007 	great location shame about the room	Just got back from four nights at the Four Points by Sheraton. Location wise it's great for the area. There's a number of subway stations within a few blocks of the hotel, so had no problems getting from JFK to the hotel.Booked a deluxe room, though not sure what that gives you about a traditional, and asked for it to be away from the ice machine, as others had stated. I was up on the 19th floor, and there was an ice machine up there, and it was very noisy, so I understand now why people say this. If I was in the room right next to it there's no way I could have stayed there. Nice view of the Empire State Building from my window too.Lots of people were complaining about the size of the rooms whilst in the lifts, but as I was travelling alone, it was ok for me, but I can see their point.The free internet access worked with no problems, and was speedy enough for my needs. Most hotels have blackout curtains, so whatever time of day it is, you can close the curtains and have no idea if it's daylight or not. The blinds here hang away from the window, letting in a lot of light, not what you want in the morning. Not very sound-proofed either. Lots of noise from street level. Tried room service once, got a warm burger and fries, which was cold before I'd finished it.I would stay again, if I got a decent rate. Just stay away from the ice machines!To end on a positive note, the staff were very friendly and probably the best feature of the hotel.	
Mar 6 2007	Clean Comfortable and Small	I arrived late on a Sunday night for a long business trip. The location can't be beat, and it was very clean and comfortable (really the most important parts) but the hotel itself has a couple of issues. While the room was very clean and the bed comfortable, I heard the garbage trucks late at night and early in the morning as my room faced the street, even though it was 11 stories up. Light peeked through the drapes all night, but it wasn't horrible. I did sleep with earplugs, though, I couldn't hear my neighbors.The bathroom was small and there was no shelf space for my personal toiletries (makeup, hairbrush, etc) so I was forced to place it on top of the toilet...not my favorite place. However, I absolutely loved the mini products for use. Shea butter lotion and soaps were wonderful. I have to admit I took a few for later use! The towels were abundant, but a few were less than white.There were no food options upon my late arrival (11pm) and the front desk suggested I walk around the corner to a deli. Not knowing NYC, I wasn't about to stroll about in the dead of night. SInce there was no mini bar, I really was out of luck. I did enjoy the one complimentary water bottle included in my room (one - even though there were 2 double beds) and also the service that the cleaning staff provided when they remembered to deliver more than the one bottle of water for the rest of my stay.Upon the arrival of a huge rainstorm, the hotel did have someone catching cabs, but the front desk staff failed to advise the accesibility of an ATM in their lobby, and instead directed me to a bank several blocks away. It was raining. It didn't make sense to head outside to a bank. The gym was tiny and included a TV, towels, water 2 treadmills, one of which was out of order, 2 stationary bikes and 1 elliptical. Small and bare, but it got the job done...for free. I would stay there again, but it's not my favorite.	
Feb 28 2007 	Good Location Efficient Service	We stayed for two nights over President's Day Weekend. We were on an overnight flight and arrived at the hotel at about 9:30am. Our room was ready for check-in when we arrived. That's always a plus. The staff at the front desk were friendly. We requested an extra pillow from the front desk. They called us back after a couple of minutes and said that they were going to be delayed approx. 10 minutes in bringing the pillow, but it did show up within that 10 minute timeframe. The room was small but sufficient. The only complaints I had with the room were: 1) There was a dirty sock under the chair that a previous guest had left and housekeeping hadn't spotted. 2) There was a stain on the comforter. I never sleep with the comforter on the bed anyway, but it was gross. 3) They also don't double sheet the blanket, which would have been nice. Since the comforter had obviously been reused between guests, what about the blanket? Also, be sure to give the bellmen a little extra time if you're storing your bags. There was only one person taking care of all of the bags and we had to wait a few extra minutes after our ride showed up waiting for the bellman to bring the bags up. I would stay here again because the hotel is in a good location--also if I got a good rate.	
Feb 21 2007 	Terrible Service Negative Experience	I stayed at this hotel for three nights on business. The service at this hotel was exceptionally unfriendly and unpleasant.Particularly, I had negative experiences with check-in, room service, and phone service. If you are looking to stay here for business, I highly advise against it. If you are looking to stay here with your family or partner, I highly advise against it if you're looking to have a relaxing and pleasant stay.Specifically:The room I reserved was not available and I was placed in a different type of room. I wouldn't have minded if the person at the front desk showed any sign of concern or apology, but he was so rude and made me feel as though it was my fault that I didn't have my reserved room. He also had a demeanor that suggested, &quot;don't you dare try to protest this.&quot; The following morning my breakfast was scheduled to arrive at 7:15am (they have a system where you can order breakfast the night before) but when I called at 7:20am to inquire where my breakfast was, the person said they didn't know what time I wanted my breakfast and was told that it would take at least 20-25 minutes for the food to be ready. I didn't have time to wait, so I went to work without any breakfast. Again, if the person showed any sign of concern or apology, maybe a, &quot;we can get BLANK ready in 10 minutes, if that works for you,&quot; then I wouldn't have minded so much. But the person obviously could care less for my well being.I was also getting phone calls to my room and all the people who called me said they had unfriendly and unpleasant interactions with the hotel staff. In fact, most calls were directed to my voicemail rather than to my phone, even though I was in the room.I thought the only good thing about this hotel was its location, but there are plenty of other hotels in the area in this price range.Please don't stay at this hotel until they improve their service and if you do stay here, please kindly help to improve the service at this hotel.	
Feb 6 2007 	Contemporary - well taken care of	Stayed here last November. The staff was young friendly and knowledgeable about mass transit (don't sit in the first subway car to Lower Manhattan) and tourist sites. The parking garage is a block away. The rooms are typical in size for a city with dark walls and modern furnishings. Free papers in the morning. Quiet guests. The location is easy walking distance to Greenwich Village and Gramercy. An enjoyable stay.	
Jan 30 2007	Great little hotel for a night!	I have to say that for one night this hotel was perfect and not expensive. We had a birthday party to attend in Greenwich Villageand when I found several to choose from I read the reviews and this came up with good ones. We checked in late afternoon and the room looked exactly like the photo; small but very sophisticated in its decor and very cozy and clean. It had everything you could ask for. I would definitely recommend staying here if you need a place for a night or two. They even have a small bar and restaurant if you need a quick bite.	
Jan 16 2007	Great value and location	My friend and I stayed for a week. As it was our first time we did not know what to expect and were very pleasantly surprised. The location of the Four Points is very good, the rooms are clean with very comfortable beds and a good size, too. Even though we could not hear any noise from the other rooms, the ongoing roadworks ouside were rather noisy.The staff at the front desk was very helpful.	
Dec 17 2006 	Cheaper in Chelsea	Preamble: We used Starwood Points to stay for our annual pre-Christmas holiday shopping trip; given the current prices of NYC hotels it was a great use of points: saved us well over $700!!!!!Check-in: Professional efficient and friendly.Lobby: Small with a friendly bar immediately adjacent to the front desk.Room: Small, nicely decorated. Nice color and furniture scheme although the furniture was suprisingly worn in places, despite our placement on a &quot;Starwood Preferred Guest Floor&quot;.Bed: Very firm, nice linens and covers.TV: Excellent with HBO and lots of cable choices.Bathroom: Spacious with a great shower, excellent lighting, wonderful bath products, and nice towels.Check-out: Professional efficient and friendly.Location: Awesome if you want to roam around Chelsea and Greenwich Village; quiet location but close to lots of shopping and restaurants.BONUS: FREE HIGH SPEED INTERNET SERVICE!!! FREE BOTTLED WATER IN THE ROOMS. This answered two of my pet peeves about hotels these days: $10-15/day for high speed internet and $5 bottles of water that you can get elsewhere for 99 cents.Complaints: You can hear everyone talking in the hallways in your room, although not from the interior of the adjacent rooms. Scratched furniture contrasting with an otherwise creative decor.	
Dec 11 2006	Not regrets great hotel	I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. I would say hotel was great, above my expectation, the room was nice, clean and new, plus bed was excellent !The only 'disadvantage' is the location - it is not right smack in the city centre, and you will need to walk about 10-15 minutes to the city centre. Not many shops around this area. But for the amount you pay (about USD250 plus tax), it is definitely worth the distance because you can still walk to the city centre or alternatively there is a subway station near the hotel.I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to stay in a nice, clean, new hotel, modern room (though room is not that big) and comfortable beds !!	
Nov 11 2006 	be aware of overbooking and confused management	We had a prepaid and guaranteed room in the Sheraton since months.When we arrived at check in 1am in the morning the lady at the check in desk told us that we have to move to another hotel for 1 night, cause our prepaid and guaranteed room was given away, but that we have to move back to the Sheraton for the 2nd night.I reply that we just have 2 nights, so only 1 day for New York sightseeing, but she was really cool and told us that we can pay the 2nd night in the other hotel on our own.SO WHAT??? !!!! we had a prepaid room that was guaranteed since months and than thats what they offered us.After much discussion it was 2am and we really like to get a bed for sleeping, so we accept or sleep under a bridge.The next day we move back to the Sheraton, half of our our NY day was lost and our sightseeing was ruined.After a new discussion with the Asst. Manager he offered us a full refund for the first night and we should get a letter for this to our room. We never received this refund letter (also we asked for 3 times at the front desk). St check out we asked again for the letter no one knows and much confusion. After 30 minutrs wait at check out someone came from back office and hand it out to us.Bad, bad customer service.The hotel itself is not too bad, designed rooms, bit small but ok for a New York mid class hotel.Just be awared of overbookings and how the handle it, so for that reason i will never go back there.	
Sep 19 2006 	Excellent Stay in Chelsea	My boyfriend and I had a very nice stay over Labor Day weekend at the Four Points in Chelsea. I usually stay at more upscale hotels but we wanted to be near the gay scene in Chelsea. From check-in to check-out the hotel staff were very professional and accomodating. We arrived a bit early and requested a room with a view of the Empire State Building. The room wasn't ready yet but the staff graciously stored our luggage and offered to call me on my mobile when the room was ready. The room itself was exactly as pictured on the hotel web site. It was small but very adequately equipped and nicely maintained. We never felt cramped or uncomfortable and defintiely enjoyed the view. The hotel was very gay-friendly with many other gay male guests but also families and straight couples. I particularly thought the &quot;gay&quot; dance music playing in the lobby was a nice touch. The hotel was reasonably convenient to the subway and just a half block from 7th Avenue with restaurants, shops, and a Whole Foods Market. Will definitely return to this hotel the next time I visit Chelsea.	
Sep 10 2006 	Nice Slower Pace	Just got off the plane from NYC and this was a great hotel. My family and I go to NYC quite a bit (third time this year for me) and we usually stay in Times Square, but this time, we had something going on in Chelsea, the hot new art area. My sister went to NYC for the first time in about eight years and stayed in Times Square a few months ago and she does not like the crowds, lights, or sounds at all. She really liked the pace of this hotel, as well as Chelsea itself. While only having eight rooms to a floor and 21 floors in all, the rooms were terribly small (I think I read 200 square feet on their site) but definitely comfortable. There were four of us and we decided to get two rooms as it would have been impossible to fit four people on two doubles. Speaking of the beds, they were absolutely wonderful. The room features earthy chocolate walls, velvet shades, an amoire, among other features. The view was exceptional. It overlooked the financial district and we could see the 9/11 lights at night, although we were on the Starwood Preferred Guest floors, which are higher than the standard ones. The only thing about the hotel that was sub-par was the small and blank bathroom, although the faucet, toilet, and shower all worked properly. Just no decoration at all.All in all, this is a great hotel for those who prefer the slower pace of Chelsea and don't need a whole lot of space.	
Aug 24 2006 	It's an OK place	We stayed here on our &quot;mini-honeymoon&quot; in August 2006, and although pleasant, it was nothing special - if i could, i'd give it a 3 and a half rating. But i'll give them the benefit of the doubt, and rate them as a 4, as i've not stayed elsewhere in NYC, so have no point of reference to compare them to.Pretty much everything was OK, but not great - the only exception to this was the bed, which as many have said before is heavenly!Location is ok, far enough away from the major hustle and bustle of the city, but be prepared for a 15-20 min walk every day to get anywhere, or use the subway/taxis if you want. We're fit and healthy and enjoy walking around new places, so we pretty much walked everywhere, got the subway a couple of times and took a taxi a few more!When we first checked in we were given a twin room rather than a deluxe as booked, but this was quickly sorted out. The room was small-ish but more than adequate for us, the heavenly bed, and the large amount of shopping we amassed! The bathroom door could have done with a good clean, but i put this down to the faux-aluminum paint that was used which shows up dirt quite easily rather than a cleanliness problem. The rest of the room was clean and neat and kept that way by housekeeping.The room was quiet enough (we sleep with earplugs anyway - just a habit picked up from living in a busy city) though we overlooked the &quot;garden cafe&quot; part of a local bar, which on at least one night was noisy enough to hear from the 9th floor.The staff were ok - again i don't know if it's just the way New York is, but we found the friendliness of the staff quite forced and not genuine at all - it felt like any request we made was a hassle for them - unlike other places in America we have visited where staff have been glad to help.Would i stay here again? Probably not, i'd want to try another top 50 rated hotel in NYC so i could compare it!	
Aug 13 2006 	Great hotel friendly staff nice accomodations	Got a great deal on priceline and it was a superb hotel. Friendly, helpful staff, great acoomodations and great location. Near subway lines and lots of great restaurants. Will stay there again in the future.	
Aug 13 2006 	Ideal Location Quiet and Comfortable	We stayed here in June, having booked it through the Sheraton website as we are SPG members. Yes, the rooms are small but what do you expect in NYC! The rooms have all the amenities you need and the heavenly bed which is worth the admission fee alone. A fridge would have been useful but there is ice available. The one thing that struck us about the room (we were on the 14th floor) is how quiet it is. Despite being in a busy area of Manhattan is was really quiet so a good night's sleep was ensured.The staff were very friendly and always helpful although we were out most of the day exploring.For breakfast, we checked out the cafe recommended by others on the site but it was 95 degrees so we didn't fancy many hot omelettes. We can recommend the Whole Foods Market just round the corner on 7th Avenue which has an amazing array of hot and cold food for breakfast and lunch. There's another one at the bottom right-hand corner of Central Park as well - great for picnics.For dinner, The Salaam Bombay (Greenwich Street, Lower Manhattan) was fantastic and for Italian, go for Pelegrino's in LIttle Italy which is a little pricier but fantastic food and service. Some of the other places in Little Italy offer below-average food and way-above-average prices.One tip - if you're flying back from JFK allow at least an hour from the hotel because the traffic can be really bad.Great hotel - would definitely go back if we revisit NYC - reasonable rate, clean rooms, friendly staff and very quiet!	
Jun 26 2006	We had a Gay ole Time!	My partner and I went to NYC for the Gay Pride Weekend and the Rapture on the River dance on the pier.We arrived on 25th street by foot, after having taken the Ferry from New Jersey and the free bus from the ferry to 23rd and 7th. We walked two block, turned right and there it was. The location couldnt be beat, it seemed it only cost around $6 in a taxi to anywhere we wanted to go and all of the trains and buses also go right near by.The lobby was well air conditioned much to our immediate relief as it was muggy and sticky outside. The staff was extremely well trained. We checked in and were told that there were no more king rooms left due to the Pride festival going on that week. I replied, firm yet polite, that our rate was for a king room that was confirmed over a month ago and if they wanted to give us a double room they should adjust the price downward because on the internet these rooms were less expensive. After some chatting with co-workers about the situation both there in front of us and on the walkie talkie we were given a suite on the top floor! I was so pleased, I tried to tip Lisa Lew (the front desk person) but she would not accept it. :) We saw the bar but did not drink there, but it was lit up like something in Sex and the City or Queer as Folk. Very chic. The staff always asked if there was anything they could do for us when they saw us in the lobby, as if it were part of their greeting. The room was great! There was a balcony overlooking the empire state building! The balcony was shared by the suite next door, but we never saw them or heard them. It would be fun to get the two suites and have a nice party! Nothing over the top mind you, just a nice party and fun in the city.There was a leather love seat that folded out to a bed, a chair for the desk and another comfy chair and a tv in the living room. In the Bedroom was a luxurious king bed with it seemed like hundreds of pillows and another view of the empire state building. There was a 40 inch flat screen plazma tv on an extension bracket that brought the tv almost right over the bed! Excellent to wind down at night with. It looked exactly like the pictures of the suite on their website, but we did not pay the suite price at all! The place was spotlessly clean (even my mother would have liked it!) and the bathroom was huge by NYC standards. We have travelled the world and this suite was holding its own in comparison.The walls were so thick between rooms that when I was out in the hallway I could hear the people in the next suite being very loud, but in our room at all. Let me tell you, the fun we had on the pier was extended to the suite aftward. No one from the hotel ever bothered us or intruded on our privacy. I could not hear the cleaning service at all in the morning and that one thing is a personal pet peeve of mine because I cannot stand the sound of a vacuum in the morning time. I am a pretty picky traveller and I was pleased 100%.Ice was on every other floor and easy to get to. The front desk offered a mini fridge but we didnt really need it. I personally never heard a sound from outside of our suite, but I wouldnt want the room next to the ice machine. There were vending machines somewhere but we had the city to get our snacks from! Definitely try the dumpling bar on west 23rd between 6th and 7th. We did not try the hotel food but it looked good! Thank you Lisa Lew, you made our Pride of 2006 a wonderful memory!	
Jun 21 2006	Turned out to be a Great Hotel!	I stayed here for 7 nights with my daughter, sister-in-law and her daughter so we had 4 and when we opened our door and saw 2 double beds we were worried. I asked for a roll away and none were available although they immediately brought up a refrigerator which I also asked for. We ended up just putting the one bed up to the wall, moving the other one next to it and pulling up the cloth chair and bench to add a little more room and we sleep like logs every night! Especially after all the walking. The room was small but the staff was wonderful, the location was wonderful and it was perfect for what we needed. The maid even gave us extras when she saw the rearrangement of furniture and made us very comfy every day which we really appreciated. I'd definetly stay here again. The front desk even let me come down and use their computer to print out double decker tour bus tickets and when I couldn't get to my email to get the confirmation after ordering them, the super nice gentlement gave me his personal email address to send it to. Ran upstairs, emailed him from my computer (free high speed interent also) and he had it printed when I came down to pick it up. Helped with ordering a car from the airport on our final day. HIGHLY recommended! How much time do you spend in your room anyway. OHHH the best part! We were on the 21st floor and our view was the Empire State Building! Saw it change colors three different times while we were there. Just perfect!	
Jun 20 2006	Small Space But Big on Style and Comfort	The Four Points by Sheraton in Manhattan/Chelsea is the quintessential, pseudo-boutique, quasi neighborhood hotel. It small on space, but big on comfort, and isn’t that all you need when your planning to be out and about in the Big Apple? This was my first stay at a Four Points, and I was very pleasantly surprised. It had a lot of the styling of a boutique hotel and the comfort and familiarity of a chain hotel.The rooms we very stylishly appointed with dark cooper-brown wallpaper and black &amp; white photos of machines. (A mechanical motif runs throughout the hotel.) The rooms had a cool, dark relaxing atmosphere, which was greatly appreciated at the end of a hot New York day. The furniture placement made good use of limited space. There was a desk, dresser and wardrobe with ample room for clothes. But it was the beds (2 doubles) that won me over -- comfortable, inviting and loaded with pillows. It rivaled some of the beds in higher-end hotels. Maybe a little of the heavenliness of the Uncle Westin’s Heavenly Beds have been incorporated into the Four Points product line. I don't know for certain, but I found them to be just as heavenly.The bath, surprisingly, had a full size shower with the shower head mounted at good six feet or more on the wall. Ask any tall person and they'll tell you how that little attention to detail makes a big difference. The bath was also stocked with unique herbal-based product -- no cheesy French milled soap or brand name sample shampoo. The room and bath were both immaculate! A little aromatherapy really added to the boutique feel, but it was little overpowering at times. If you’re sensitive to those type things, you might want to warn them before check-in. Add to all of this a courteous and efficient staff, and you have a nice &quot;neighborhood” hotel – away from the hustle and bustle of Time Square, but close enough to everything.Now we get to the matter of price. The Four Points is one of the many mid-range hotels that have been popping up in Manhattan as lower price alternatives to the big name luxury hotels. However, some of these hotels can still pack a punch on your wallet, so shop around. If you can get rates below $250 at the Four Points, you're doing well, and you will be pleasantly surprised. North of that price, I would recommend you check around. You might do better depending on the time of year and the days of the week you will be staying.	
May 30 2006	Nice hotel for a good price!	Stayed there for 3 nights during Memorial Day Weekend.The rates were reasonable unlike in other Starwood Hotels in NYC.The rooms are a bit small (but let's face it: rooms in NYC are usually small), butvery modern, clean and nicely furnished. Staff was very friendly and check-in andcheck-out experience were both very smooth and fast!The Hotel is located on 25th Street and it is a 5 minute walk to MSG and Penn Station. Add another 5 to 10 minutes and you are at Times Square. So the location is quite convenient and you could even bring your car and park it on the street as you won't have any trouble finding parking space.After staying at the Sheraton Manhattan for 3 times in the past where the rooms are a little aged and the rate is usually higher, I can really recommend this hotel, because it is good value for money plus you can earn starpoints!!!	
May 17 2006	Good value	My friends and I stayed here for my bachelorette party. It's pleasant, clean, and cute. The rooms are a decent size for the price. No complaints.	
May 3 2006	Extremely quiet hotel in central NYC and room exactly like website pictures !!!	We stayed five nights from the 12th April at the Four Points Sheraton Chelsea and were extremely happy with our stay. I know the city very well after many visits but my other half had not been before so it was great to have such a good base to explore from. We arrived at Midday on the 12th to drop our bags off expecting that we may have to return later but they allowed us to check into the room straight away, much to the delight of the person checking us in. Honestly she seemed happier about the early check in than we did !!. We had requested in advance a higher floor away from Ice Machines (thanks to the good people writing here) and got a lovely big room (for New York) on the 14th floor. The decor is exactly as shown on the (--) website which we booked through at a rate of $205 a night plus tax which was great value for this modern room. We had a large television, very comfortable bed, very nice bathroom and everything seemed new, there was certainly enough space so we didn't feel cramped at all.I was very happy that there was a free digital in room safe that I have often been charged for elsewhere. The room was so QUIET right in the middle of Manhattan. We could not hear any noise at all from the street or from other rooms which I was particularly pleased about. Let me stress again, ask for a higher room so you have a view, away form the very noisy ice machines that are on alternating floors, book through starwood(--) to get the cheapest price and you are in for a very nice stay here indeed.	
Apr 29 2006	Good Value for New York	I recently stayed at the 4 Points Sheraton in Chelsea - very convenient location - I am an artist and wanted to be close to the Chelsea galleries. The rooms are basic, but clean and comfortable. Not terribly noisy except when the garbage is collected. Close to public transport and a quick cab ride if you want to go to the theatre. If you are looking for a hotel with lots of extras, this is probably not it, however if you are looking for something clean, affordable and fairly central then this is very good value. Less crowded than Times Square - you feel as if you are getting a real taste of New York. Across the road on the corner of 7th avenue and West 24th is a real good organic grocery store - they have a take away salad bar that is really good if you are looking for fresh vegetables and are tired of greasy take aways, they also have lots of fresh fruit and a deli. Quick walk to the +-250 art galleries in the district.	
Apr 12 2006	Great NYC hotel good price	I decided to stay here for a weekend getaway with my husband after reading reviews on this site. The room is small but that is the case with my hotels in Manhattan. Chelsea is a cute little neighborhood and there are normal, drop-in type restaurants, diners and small neighborhood places to have a casual meal. We never had trouble catching a cab from here. The staff was nice and the room was very clean. The decorations were also very tasteful and modern looking. We were on the 17th floor and we never heard any of our neighbors or any street noise. I would definitely stay here again on our next trip. Also, we paid $219/night for a king thru the Sheraton website.	
Apr 4 2006	Great little find! Just avoid room service :)	Got a great deal staying here for 6 nights in October 2005. It's a great little hotel. Our twin room was a little cozy, but comfortable, very clean and in good condition. The beds are great! A few too many pillows though (6 is just overkill). The bathroom was quite large (compared to the actual room). Even though the windows are double glazed, the rooms at the front can still be a little noisy - but hey, that's New York! Earplugs worked a treat.The staff at reception were very friendly and always willing to help. I would, however, advise staying away from room service (very slow, overpriced and badly made). The breakfasts are pretty much the same. Don't know what their dinners are like - the breakfast and room service put me off!I would definitely stay here again, especially if I got the same deal for 6 nights.	
Mar 29 2006	Helpful staff and clean but not much else	I stayed here since it was close to a business meeting and wanted to be within walking disctance. The lobby is small but well designed and offers a small lounge and restaurant. I had a room on the 12th floor that stated &quot;designated for Starwood Preferred members&quot;. Aside from the sign, there didn't appear to be any advantages or services offered that differed from any other floor.The room itself, although well appointed, was very small...even by NYC standards. The &quot;double&quot; beds are more like twins. There is only limited room service (appetizers, salads, drinks) along with breakfast. There was a fair amount of noise from the street all night, and the adjacent room doors slam very loudly. I don't recommend getting a room on the street side if you're a light sleeper...unless you're on a very high floor.All in all, this place is not a bad choice if you need to be in Chelsea, but for the money, you can find several other relatively close options that offer bigger rooms and more services.	
Mar 28 2006 	Loved Everything About This Place	I've been coming to NY on business for several years and this was one of the best experience I've had. The front staff were more than helpful, the rooms near brand new and kind of chic and very clean and the beds very very comfortable. It was even really quiet which is remarkable in NY. Yes, the room weren't huge but what do you expect in NY and why do you want to be in your room when you have this amazing city to explore. There were endless bars, restaurants, clubs, a cinema, shops, subway and a Whole Foods supermarket within a few blocks and far enough from Time Square to be comfortable.It was also a lot cheaper than some of the Midtown hotels I've stayed in. All in all great value.	
Mar 27 2006	Great room-super clean-helpful staff--would return for sure.	Very nice--just remember to request a room away from elevator and ice machine--and higher floors offer better views. Windows opened, which was nice.	
Mar 27 2006	Loved it!	This is my new favorite hotel in New York. It's a nice, manageable size and I never felt lost in a maze of corridors. In fact, the 22nd floor has only eight rooms. The front desk is staffed by enthusiastic and very friendly people. We felt welcomed in a sincere way. The beds in our double room were extremely comfortable, albeit small. If you're sharing a bed, be prepared to get cozy because they're not quite doubles. Even though the room we had was small, it wasn't particularly cramped. It was nicely appointed and very quiet. The hotel is in a great location. If you enjoy antiques, be sure to visit the flea market down the block (might be weekends only). I didn't eat at the restaurant, and recommend the Ridgeway Diner on 21st and 6th for a good breakfast.	
Feb 14 2006 	Good Value Postage stamp size rooms	Mixed impressions of the Sheraton. Our price per night for NYC was outstanding. Location was pretty good (only blocks from the subway) but since we were there for the Blizzard of '06, we made a bee-line for our destinations and did not spend much time exploring the neighborhood.The staff was quite helpful and friendly. We were a bit dissappointed however as we are SPG Gold members and although we were upgraded to a higher floor, we were given the smallest room on the floor. If you are given the --07 room, there is a cut-out for the service closet and the ice machine. The room was so small, we were unable to open the door or armoir without hitting another piece of furniture. I'm also convinced it was a queen rather than king bed that was advertised. When we asked one individual, we were told they were all exactly the same size and he was unwilling to switch us. If you look on room chart however, it was obvious this was a smaller space. That was the only person who was unwilling to do all that he could for us the whole weekend.We found the place to be clean but the furniture was worn and chipped (probably from having to sidestep your way round the bed). The beds were very comfortable and the shower pressure was good. The bathroom layout offered no counterspace so no place to place, electric razors, blowdryers or makeup without fearing they would fall into the sink or toilet. We had to ask that the cleaning staff not chat in the hallway near the service closet since the sound through the doors defintitely carried but it never happened again. Walls seemed thick enough though and we heard NO city noise on the upper floors.Basically, we realized that we would leave at 8:30 PM and return at 10-11 so we were thrilled to pocket the difference in $$ another hotel would have set us back. If your are looking for a scene or plan on spending a lot of time in the hotel, look elsewhere but this was an alright base for exploring the city.	
Feb 9 2006	A nice place to stay. Clean comfortable and good location.	My son and I stayed there one night for his NYU artistic review at Chelsea Studios (which was only one block away from the hotel). We were able to walk to the hotel easily from Penn Station. A front desk recommendation and initialed business card for a nearby restaurant netted us a 10% discount and the food was excellent (Porter's). We walked to and back from the Majestic Theatre (Phantom of the Opera) without trouble. Breakfast was served promptly, food was prepared to order and was delicious. Was able to get a free local router wireless internet connection on my laptop while in our room on the 12th floor. The room was immaculate, clean, well stocked. Bathroom / shower was adequate but a little small. The two small &quot;double&quot; beds were a bit smaller than most hotels but were extremely comfortable. We slept great. The hotel staff at front desk, lounge bar, and restaurant were young and friendly. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 27 2006	Fun in the City	My husband and I stayed at thie Four Points for a long weekend. I could tell we were going to enjoy the stay as soon as we walked into the lobby. The staff were friendly and quickly checked us in. The rooms were a decent size for a New York hotel. I loved the bathroom. It looked like it was right out of a pottery barn catalog page. The beds were extremely comfortable. Complimentary water bottle was a plus! The location was great. We were able to get anywhere in the city we wanted to within 15 minutes by foot or subway. Parking was right around the corner. Would stay here again!!!	
Jan 27 2006	New Years	We had a GREAT TIME! Very reasonable rates, and close to everything. The subway is close so we were able to get to ground zero and times square very easily, and a short walk to 5th Ave for some shopping.Also we had the best veiw of the Empire State building, it was beatiful lit up at night.The rooms are bigger than most New York rooms I've stayed in, and have very well appointed decoration. An Indrustrial feel, very clean and healthy, while being comfortable as well.Lots of help from the front desk, and room service was prompt.We had a lot of fun in the bar on the first floor of the hotel before we went out!!We will definitely stay here again!!!!	
Jan 27 2006	Tiny Cool	My wife and I stayed at the Four Points Chelsea for two nights and have stayed there before when we're in Manhattan. If you can get a good rate, and they very drastically for the same, small room, this hotel is a deal.The rooms are REALLY tiny. You can walk around the bed, but that's about it. However, the furnishings are good. Compfy bed, lots of good lighting, big desk, free and fast broad-band connection, coffee maker, and nice amenities for the bathroom...not the standard Four Points stuff. The staff is young, energetic and helpful...early check-ins, questions, concerns (room right next to the ice machine)...all handled efficiently and pleastly...in New York City!Hotel seems spotless and breakfast is good and inexpensive. The location is great, close to several subway lines and only a short walk to theaters. (Visiting Manhattan, walking is part of the experience!) There's a great Whole Foods Market just a block away for killer take-back-to-your-room meals. But, unless you get a high floor, you'll be looking into windows of adjacent buildings. On high floors, you get a spectacular view that could only be New York....picture taken from our room window is attached.Finally, staying there seems to cheer me up rather than depress me as happens in most budget hotels.	
Jan 10 2006	The good and the mediocre	My wife and I stayed at the 4Points Chelsea for 6 nites over the xmas holiday, and were pleased with the friendly and prompt front desk staff and the room that was clean, warm, well-furnished and pleasant. When I had a problem with the room safe, the front desk sent someone up in less than 3 minutes and fixed the problem.Depending on the neighbor in the next room, we found the walls to be a bit too thin 2 of our 6 nites. Also hallway noise was a problem when most guests would be talking or raising their voices while waiting for the elevator. The shower's water pressure was non-existant. Although advertised, the room did not have a mini-bar or refrigerator.The Chelsea neighborhood is a mixed bag of upcoming shops and urban harshness, and after 10pm it's hard to find a restaurant. And forget about finding a decent cafe in the morning, unless you like starbucks. The only saving grace for us location wise was the 2 block walk to the subway and seven blocks to Penn Station for the quick LIRR ride to JFK.If you want good parisian-style coffee in NY, I suggest Le Pain de Quotidien, but most of them seem to be either in SOHO/Village or Upper East Side. This place never disappointed us. Otherwise it seems that NewYorkers are content drinking some kind of icky brown river water they call 'kwa-fee'.	
Jan 8 2006	Great Hotel Clean and Comfy	Really pleased with this hotel. The rooms, not massive but the beds are VERY VERY COMFY, with loads of extra pillows, just what you need after a long day in NY. Bathroom was big and powerful shower, everywhere was very clean and decorated in a modern style, browns and creams. Huge TV. Don't be put off by dark small lobby, door man speaks little english but all reception staff very friendly. Would recommend this hotel and would go back there again. Short walk from shopping area. Felt safe walking around the area. Food shops/eatries nearby.	
Jan 4 2006	Fab Location/Great Value	Booked Four Points off Priceline -- we were surprised at the great location; close to 3 different train lines &amp; NJ Path train; quick walk to Union Sq, Penn Station &amp; Time Sq. My husband &amp; I walked from a comedy club on W3rd Street after 1am - safe &amp; comfortable walk. They have a really good happy hour and great restaurant. Best of all, Wholefoods is on the corner!! Yes, the room is small &amp; quiet but who goes to NYC to stay in a room? The room was comfortable and perfect for sleep.	
Dec 26 2005	Thought it was great	The beds are sooo comfy!! The rooms are New York small but nicely decorated in chocolate tones. You have to walk a little more then staying in Times Square but we expected that. My friend and I go to New York 2 or 3 times a year and I would stay here again.	
Dec 4 2005	Alright	I booked this hotel after reading the fantastic reviews on this site, but I felt dissapointed.First of all the rooms-Our room was on the 2nd floor and let me tell you there was NO view, We actually had to shut the blinds.The room was lovely decorated and beds very comfy but Im a bit alarmed at just reading a previous review about bed bugs cos I was scratching my arm the whole time blaming it on the soap.. maybe just a coincidence.Location- I would have rather have been closer to Times Sq, I don't mind walking at all and it was only roughly 15 mins walk from times sq but at night in the freezing cold it felt a lot longer and the fact there are so many roads to cross (around 20)and I felt a bit unsafe once you got into the Chelsea district.Im not one to complain about hotels but I would have enjoyed my holiday a lot more if it had been more central.	
Nov 28 2005	Bed Bugs	Stood at the four points not too long ago. I absolutly loved the front desk staff. They have to be the best staff I have ever met. The location is great, next to everything. The room is small and dark and a little too much money (you can stay at the W new york for less) but that is somewhat compensated for the service. However there is one serious problem that will cause me to unfortunatly never stay there again.During my stay I noticed 2 sets of matresses outside of the hotel, wrapped in sheets. Out of my own curiosity I decided to take a peek and see why these mattress were being tossed. To my surprise they were infested with bed bug droppings it was ABSOLUTLY DISGUSTING! I immediatly went back to my room to inspect my bed, thankfully there were no bugs in my bed. The discovery of this led me to not have a very good nights sleep. So word to the wise CHECK YOUR BED! Don't let the bed bugs bite!	
Nov 17 2005 	Great service	Having read other reviews on trip advisor I decided to book a couple of nights at the Four Points. Unfortunately on arrival I was told that the hotel was still fully booked and that I would have to be transferred to another hotel. Normally this would not be good news but I was transferred to the Roosevelt at no extra cost (cab fares paid both ways) and also given a full refund for the night I missed at the four points.On arrival the next day I was especially looked after by Melissa on reception who put me in a great room on the 18th floor (room 1805). The high speed internet connection was free (first time ever for me in a NY hotel) and you even got a complementary bottle of water!Although the location is not the best in NY it's very central location and a quick cab ride to time square or a short walk to Broadway, Greenwich Village etc.I'll definitely book it again.	
Oct 20 2005	Great Bang for the Buck	This hotel is awesome. Everything in there looks brand new. And it is in a great location. I've read some reviews about small rooms but you really can't complain when it is in New York City. All the hotels in New York City are going to be a bit smaller than your hotels in different states. I've stayed at many different places but none of them can beat the quality of this hotel and none of them can offer it for the same prices.	
Oct 19 2005	Awesome	Just returned from 4 nights in New York. I am a travel agent and a firm believer in you get what you pay for. I found that the 4 Points was a great property and the price was good as well in comparison to some of the hotels closer to Time Square. The location of the hotel was good as we walked to SOHO and Chelsea as well as to Time Square and the Theatre district and the Empire State Building. THe walk to Time square was about 15 minutes and we walked at all hours of the day and night and there were always people around so I never felt unsafe. We walked to teh Empire State Building as well and we went via the wholesale district and checked out some of the great shopping.Our room was 1006 and was in the front corner of the building with 2 beds in it (this was all that was available when we booked). I did not find the hotel noisy at all and we were very close to the elevator. The rooms are small but clean and very comfortable beds. The staff was very quick and always had a good morning or good evening for us. They were frioendly and helpful with all that we needed and there always were lots of people working. The asian style restuarant and bar was a nice touch as well. We had drinks at the bar and visited with Benny the bartender who gave us some shopping and sightseeing tips.I recommend that you try out a New York Deli called &quot;TOASTIES&quot; on 7th ave between 23 and 24th streets. They make amazing sandwiches and huge salads, everything was fresh and tasted great. If you are looking for a close restaurant for a nice dinner try &quot;Orchid&quot; &amp;/or &quot;Rogue&quot; located on 6th Ave between 25th &amp; 26th street. They seemd to be operated by the same people and the menus are both similar but the service was good and the atmosphere was great at both of them (Orchid was a bit more trendy and personal while Rogue more sporty). The hotel is within walking distance to most tourist areas with the exception of Ground Zero, Financial District, Fish Market, and Statue of Liberty/Statton Island Ferry. Taxis only cost about $7-10 to all of these areas from the hotel. If you want to do the tourist thing be sure to get a 48 hour hop on hop off double decker bus pass from Grayline. It was a great deal and you can get throughout the whole city on the pass and see all the tourist stops.All in all I really enjoyed the stay at the 4 Points - it was a good price and good location and if you are a Starwood Preffered member you will get points for your stay as well.	
Sep 29 2005	Would definitely recommend it	I stayed at the Four Points by Sheraton Manhattan Chelsea with a friend for a week during Easter 2005. We really enjoyed our stay! The staff was really helpful in a professional but casual way; friendly. They gladly gave us recommendations on restaurants and shops etc and always greeted us with a smile. We loved our room which was quite small but very modern and clean &amp; cool with a brown colour range (very cosy) and situated on a high floor with a great view. The beds were really wonderful! Also I had brought my laptop and the internet access worked smoothly!The hotel was being partly refurbished during our stay, so the restaurant was not that great at the time, but I suppose it is much better now. We hung out in the hotel bar next to the lobby for a while and it was small but nice. Also with a modern urban feel to it. The shared areas (lobby, bar etc) were a bit small, but on the other hand all of hip NY was within walking distance! We really loved the location in Chelsea, which was close to all the cool places we wanted to go to. The street was a bit dark and &quot;not happening&quot;, but that also made it calm, which was good. We felt completely safe and right in the middle of things. We walked each morning to have breakfast at a diner which I found redommended on this site (Malibu, I think it was called). Just a couple of blocks away, perfect! No fuss and not too expensive.I would gladly stay at this hotel again - it's totally worth the price! And I would definitely recommend the place to anyone, especially if you are a couple of friends travelling without children.	
Sep 27 2005	Great location	This new hotel was conveniently located with Midtown, Chelsea, Meatpacking and SoHo districts nearby. Rooms were clean, quiet and of good size. And the airconditioning was great on those hot humid nights!	
Sep 25 2005	Great overall experience!	We stayed at Four Points Chelsea for ten days in April, and it was a wonderful ten days! It is a Category 4 hotel through Starwood, but I actually preferred it more to the other Cat. 4 hotels I've stayed in! The hotel staff was extremely helpful, polite, and warm. They also upgraded us because of our long stay (we are Starwood members). The exterior of the hotel, like others have said, is very unassuming -- so much so that when I arrived (by subway), I couldn't quite figure out where it was. I was searching for a big sign denoting the hotel, but couldn't find one. The exterior is pretty subtle, in that you have to pass by the hotel to see the sign. Anyway, the lobby, though very small, is very pleasant and modern looking. We stayed on the 20th floor, and the views from our hotel room were incredible! I loved waking up in the morning and opening the curtains to look at the view! The hotel room is incredibly chic and fashionable for a Four Points. Honestly, it reminded us of the W hotels. The king-sized bed was so comfortable and gave us many good nights of sleep. The leather chairs were such nice touches, as well. The bathroom was very pleasant and modern, although it had a small sink area.The service like I mentioned earlier, was impeccable. Everybody from the front desk to the room service people were very hospitable, catering to your every need -- very hard to find at times, especially in New York! They always had a pleasant smile on their faces, too. All in all, our stay in Four Points was a very pleasant surprise! The decor was what I would expect from a W, the service was unbeatable, and the location was superb as well -- very close to the 1,9 subway lines as well as a short walk from the F subway station! Also, we made a few trips to the Whole Foods which is about a block or so away and Chelsea Papaya for a late night snack or dinner. I would definitely stay at the Four Points again.	
Sep 11 2005	Perfect for us	My mom and I took our first trip to New York City and stayed here. Got a great deal on the Starwood website...buy two nights get one free. So check there before booking directly.It's a small, low key hotel with awesome staff (and no I don't work for the hotel). They were friendly, down to earth, helpful and took their time with each guest...not the rushed feeling I thought I'd get.The hotel is right between two subway stops, near Chelsea's neat antiques and flea market areas and since it's right between Time's Square and the ferry to the Statue of Liberty, there wasn't a day that we thought &quot;Oh no, now we have to travel all the way back to the hotel.&quot;The room looked exactly like it did on the web site. The outside is very unassuming, nothing special to look at, but there's so much else to see-why fixate on the hotel?The beds were extremely comfortable, the decor is hip, modern and relaxing. It was clean and really, I could only have asked for a better view...and I saw that in several other places. All in, we had a great time. I wouldn't have paid more (given my deal), but felt we got great value for money. Advice: book a room away from the ice machine. I did. When I used the ice machine, I felt bad for the folks in that room. It's really loud.	
Sep 9 2005	Loved the Four Points by Sheraton Chelsea!	I put my relatives up at The Four Points by Sheraton Chelsea last weekend and we were all truly surprised. We got a great internet rate through the Starwood Hotel website. Yes, the room was small but very nicely decorated and comfortable. The brown interior, comfortable bed with luxurious bedding and pillows plus the egronomic desk chair was a pleasant surprise. You usually don't find beautifully decorated interiors unless you are staying at the super upscale places. I called to let the front desk know that they wouldn't arrive at the hotel until 1 am so that they would hold the room until they landed after midnight. Everything was great. They were so happy that the lounge downstairs was still open and they got to relax after they checked in. It was easy to get from the lobby to the elevator and up to your room without having to walk through a casino lobby. Plus there are so many great restaurants and Whole Foods is just around the corner. We will always recommend this hotel to all our NYC visitors!	
Aug 14 2005	Hold Out for a High Floor	Last summer we stayed at the hotel on one of the highest floors. This time we stayed for four nights in early August, 2005 in room 608.Like last year, the beds were very comfortable, the rooms are small, the service is pretty good, the elevators a bit slow and they brought us a fridge. The main difference was our room's location. This time, with our room situated on a low floor facing the airshaft really made it apparant how poorly lighted the rooms are. Do yourself a favor and get a high floor room.	
Jul 28 2005	Great quieter NYC hotel for business	Quieter area, if you like that, nice rooms, helpful staff. It's been a great stay as a business traveler who just wants high speed internet access, bottled water and a comfortable bed. I was a bit concerned when I couldn't get a room via my corporate agency but reserved the room through hotels. They paused a long time at the front desk before I got a room. My advice based on this experience and others that I've read about on this site - if you book via Expedia or hotels - don't arrive late or you may not have a room.	
Jul 5 2005	Great choice for NYC	Just back. Excellent stay. Comfortable beds. New York sized room. Small bathroom, but well stocked. Fantastic location. Whole Foods, Tasti D-Lite and good Chinese food on 7th. Diner next door with inexpensive breakfast.New Asian restaurant in hotel. Hotel is now 100% smoke free. Ice machine is very noisy. Small lobby gets crowded.	
Jun 26 2005 	Great Value for NYC	I just stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and it was a great value. The rooms are small, but have a great desk and king size bed. Bathroom was a normal size for NYC. The room was clean, the staff very pleasent and efficient. THe clientele seemed to be younger than other Sheratons. The location is very convinent with WholeFoods on the corner and many great restaurants and bars nearbuy. I also found the rooms quiet. I was in 307 which was on the back of the building. I would consider staying here again.	
Jun 6 2005	Great deal in funky Chelsea	My girlfriend and I had a great week in this property. The staff was very helpful and positive. The front desk helped us get a new room away from the noisy ice machine in just 24 hours. If you are looking for a clean and relatively cheap place to sleep in NY this is the place + it has free in room broadband access.	
Jun 1 2005	Very warm atmosphere and frienly service.... Highly Recommended	I was vacationing in New York over Memorial Day weekend, in 2005, and I have to say, we could not have picked a better hotel. My friend, I was traveling with, booked our reservation on priceline and we ended up paying around $145/night. Yes, the rooms were a little small but for as long as we spent in the room, it was enough for us. We did not require room service so I'll leave that out of my review, but the front desk service was impeccable. On our last day, we talked to Melissa at the front desk and she recommended a great Chinese restaurant, not far from the hotel. The warm rich colors of the room were very condusive to a few hours nap in between the long days of sightseeing in the &quot;City That Never Sleeps&quot; and the bed was very comfortable, almost felt like I was sleeping at home in my own bed. I would recommend the hotel to anyone that asked for a hotel in the Chelsea District, amongst a very prominent homosexual community. Or to anyone for that matter. 4 Points gets 4 Stars in my book!!!	
Apr 22 2005 	It's worth staying just for the service 	I have to say, this is the most impressive hotel I have stayed at in recent years, mainly because of the above &amp; beyond service given at the Front Desk. The Operations Director, Tamara, leads the staff her friendly, outgoing team, who go out of their way to smile, offer help and seem to love their jobs. Although the rooms are small, the hotel is definitely worth visiting while in New York to see how a hotel should be run. Ten stars!!	
Apr 20 2005 	Recommended	Dimensions of lobby, room, beds are small, but quality is high. Rooms are much more interestingly decorated that one usually finds. No beige walls with pastel watercolor prints and floral bedspreads here! A pleasant surprise. Beds comfortable. Good water pressure. Clean. Doesn't have the &quot;plasticky&quot; feel of many hotel rooms. More sumptuous. Good neighborhood. I'd return without hesitation.	
Apr 6 2005	Caused Cash Problems	Nice hotel, good location. However when I checked in on a Friday, I used my debit card. My account was charged, but the hotel's computer system did not register it. My account could not be fixed until Monday, after I had returned home. Net, net, I did not have access to more than $700.00 of my money that I planned to use that weekend. Following up through the &quot;contact us&quot; areas on the company web pages, my eventual answer was &quot;I'm sorry&quot; and they closed their file. There was no offer of any recompense for my distress. I do intend to continue to follow up with their management.	
Mar 28 2005	Know what to expect!	This hotel is in a great neighborhood (Chelsea), across the street from a Whole Foods Market (they receive Doughnut Plant donuts every morning at 8 a.m. -- don't miss them!), around the corner from the subway (at 23rd St.). One of the most comfortable beds you'll ever sleep on -- pleasant modern, industrial chic decor with dark (cinnamon) walls. Great water pressure and large shower head. But no minibar, no central heat/air (a motel type wall unit does the job adequately and helps screen street noise, as well). Small lobby and just 2 elevators. If these things will not put a bee in your bonnet, you'll love it here, as I did. Rooms are snug, but comfortable. Ask for a room away from the ice machine and on a high floor. Helpful, friendly staff recommended memorable spots within walking distance: The Red Cat restaurant (one of the best in the city), Kanvas (gallery and bar) and the hilarious Trailer Park Lounge (great fun!). Cosy breakfast spot a few doors a way on the same side of the street.	
Mar 24 2005	Gave our room away	We had reservations at the Chelsea Sheraton. Upon arrival, we were informed that our room was not available because the previous occupants didn't check out. What are reservations for? The staff was unprofessional in both attire and attitude. The rates were also high for a lobby that was a dump.	
Mar 21 2005	Outstanding service	This is a fantastic hotel! The rooms are well-appointed and comfortable, and has been mentioned before, the staff is outstanding. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a stylish, hip hotel in a great neighborhood, though the rooms are probably too small to accommodate nore than 2 adults. If you are traveling by yourself, or with your significant other, though, this is an outstanding hotel.	
Mar 20 2005	its ok..but do the staff write some reviwes?	the place is fine..lobby a shambles bar and retaurant forgetit.. but who needs them when your in the middle of chelsea. avoid rooms near the dreaded ice machine ...all you will hear is clunk clunk clunk all night! $160 per night is the limit ..its not worth more. coffe in room a nice touch..um yeh its ok.. but five out of five..no way. maybe the staff write some of the reviews	
Mar 19 2005	I'll stay here again!	I had some big problems here but due to the fast response of the manager and Sheraton Corp to my concerns, I'll stay again with no hesitation!Major problems during my 6 night stay:1) Security. They accidentally issued keys to two different guests on two different evenings which opened to the door to our room! Both guests were as shocked as we were and apologized profusely. Too bad the staff didn't call and do the same.2) Leaky toilet. Requested repair twice and was never fixed.3) Automated wake up call service inoperative. Fortunately, I had my travel clock. Reported the problem the first time and they said it would be fixed quickly. It wasn't. Reported it again and it still wasn't fixed. Called a third time and they said they won't know when it will be fixed. I wish they had alerted us so that we didn't rely on the automated service twice.4) TBS &amp; CNN channels didn't work. Requested repair twice and was never fixed.On the positive side:1) Great accomodations. I loved the decor. And the beds were sooooo comfortable - what a treat after a long, busy day! 2) Great housekeeping and turndown service! Smiles, smiles, smiles! Their friendliness went a long way to balancing the negatives!3) Great response from the manager and Sheraton Corp. We reported everything to the manager and Sheraton after our stay. They called back in less then 24 hours and we worked everything out. They were professional and made me feel confident that the problems we encountered wouldn't happen again!	
Mar 17 2005	Very helpful	Stayed here 11-15 February 2005.Staff very helpful, no problem with the two rooms booked being next to one another. Also very helpful when our return was delayed 12 hours allowing us late check out.Great diner around the corner- the Malibu for traditional breakfasts.	
Feb 14 2005	what a great hotel!	I have stayed here on many occasions and found this to be among the hippest properties I have ever been in anywhere. They say this is the &quot;flagship&quot; of the Four Points brand and I can see why.  The staff is young and fun, and they play techno music in the lobby.  The rooms are just as they say, industrial chic and very richly appointed.  Request a room away from the ice machine.  One of my favorite hotels anywhere. Especially perfect if you're visiting NY to check out the Chelsea scene. 	
Feb 11 2005	Best Staff in New York - Hands Down	I travel weekly - all ove the country. The staff at this small, hip Chelsea hotel is absolutely unbeatable! The Front Desk staff is always &quot;on&quot;, although they do many things at the same time, they never skip a beat. The service is not cookie-cutter but personable, warm &amp; always friendly. If you ask where to go to eat, they will whip out 50 suggestions on the fly. The rooms are hip with the most comforatable beds in New York. They have a winner here! 	
Jan 31 2005	Wonderful staff!	We stayed at this hotel last September and can't say enough great things. The rooms were small, we had 3 of us, but clean and lovely. The location is great and the staff was so wonderful, I have never had better service in a hotel. We booked on priceline for about 135 a night and woudl love to stay there on our next trip.	
Jan 10 2005	The BEST	I don't waste time writing reviews on hotels or anything else for that matter that I don't like. This Hotel just happens to be one of the best hotels in NYC. Why? The management &amp; staff are the best that you will find anywhere in the hospitality industry. I have never been treated better in any other hotel in the city. That includes The W, Tribeca Grand, City Club, Morgans &amp; many more. The room size was more than adequate &amp; exceptionally clean. The hospitality starts as soon as you go through the door &amp; are at the front desk. After checking in head to the lounge &amp; Benny, Rebecca or Jolene will make you the best martini in the city. The location is also hard to beat. Just a couple of short blocks to the subway on 23rd &amp; 7th. Will I go back? in a heartbeat!Thanks to Al, James , Parker &amp; Tamara &amp; all of their staff at Four Points Chelsea.	
Jan 8 2005	Great value and service	I traveled to New York for New Year 2004 - 2005 and at first hesitated for this hotel and the almost perfect reviews.Well, to my surprise, it was an excellent choice.We were 2 adults and 2 kids. The rooms are very nice, even though kind of small (opened in feb 2004), the staff very servicable and polite.It has 2 subway stations just about 3 minute walk, a supermarket and an excelent choice for breakfast at a diner half a block away. Also, nice restaurants for lunch and dinner at two blocks.I will stay there without any doubt on my next visit. All family agreed that it was nice, silent and confortable hotel.I hope they keep it that way.	
Dec 24 2004	Perfect for a dad and his daughter	Just a wonderful experience. Like others, I reserved it based on the reviews here. Went with my 12 year old daughter for the Christmas holidays. It's in a great neighborhood, 2 pizza shops per block, good ethnic of every stripe, convenient to subways. Seems quite safe, a place where people live rather than visit. 'Bout 1/2 way between Macy's and the Village.From the second we stepped thru the door, the folks at the front desk were wonderful, very helpful. When we needed some plunging, a nice young man was there in about 5 minutes. The housekeeping people are wonderful, very conscientious and considerate.Yeah, the rooms are small but that's relative in NYC. Ours was more than adequate. 2 very comfortable full size beds. And the hot water was hot (a particular issue after our last trip up there).We had thought about staying at the Chelsea but I am glad we did not. For less $ we got a clean, odor-free room in a place run by very nice people. We visited the lobby of the Chelsea to look for ghosts of dead rock stars. That was plenty. Next time I don't even have to read all these reviews. We're going back to the 4 Points Sheraton.	
Dec 7 2004	Very Nice Stay.	Went purely based on the favorable reviews on this web site and I was not disappointed. Although the hotel is oddly situated right in the middle of a rather shady looking neighborhood, you forget all that once you walk through the two sliding doors into the modern-appearing, warm lobby.1. friendly staff2. Small but nicely docorated, modern-appearing, clean rooms.3. King sized bed was very, very comfortable with lots of pillows and very nice sheets.4. Thoughtfulness everywhere, best exemplified by the complimentary bottle of water every day.Down sides are 1. shady neighborhood kind of away from major stuff 2. rooms are very small3. no central A/C or heating, wall unit worked very well but was also quite loud, had to turn it off at night to sleep, but then got really cold in the morningOtherwise, a very nice stay.	
Nov 9 2004	Good Price Good Location Average Amenities	I stayed at the Four Points Chelsea the first weekend of November '04. Overall I had an OK time, I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable place to stay. It's no frills but definitely a good choice for business people not too concerned with luxury or casual tourists and students.Service: I was pleased with the service - front desk people were very helpful an polite, housekeeping was efficient and unintrusive. Amenities:I was a bit disappointed with the state of my room, it was definitely the smallest I've had when staying in Manhattan (i'm there every other weekend on business). The desk and chair were worn out and scratched, and the air conditioning unit was loud and ineffective. The beds were fantastic as usual with all Starwoods hotels. TV and other amenities were great too. My biggest qualms were the lack of room service, any minibar or lobby-level convenience store. It was a bit of a pain to have to leave the property to buy a snack or drink especially late at night. Location: This was my first time staying in Chelsea and I must admit the location is pretty good, easy access to midtown and union square by foot. If you want to go downtown, a taxi's probably best.	
Nov 2 2004	Generally a good hotel to stay	I stayed there for two days during the Republican Convention. Booked a double bed room on priceline for under $100. The room is indeed small. Don't bring a lot of luggages because there isn't much space! No minibar and no safety box. The room is a little bit dark because the walls are docorated with brown wall papers. But I like it being very clean and new. Also it's quiet so you can have a good night sleep. The staffs are very courteous and helpful. Another plus is that it is close to subway stations. Generally I think it's a good budget hotel.	
Oct 5 2004	Nice hotel	It's one of Starwood's properties in NYC. It's more moderate in terms of price but they don't seem to skip on the quality. The beds are great, the staff friendly and helpful. The ergonomic desk chair was great and the a/c did the job! I didn't get to the restaurant or bar so I won't comment on them. The location is about 2 blocks from 2 different subway lines as well as a couple of blocks from coffee and shopping. Lots of antique/vintage stores/sellers in the area. The hotel is in the heart of Chelsea so it's quite friendly to gay/lesbian guests. Lots of great restaurants in the area. Not much in terms of views from the hotel but it's NYC, what do you expect? I'd stay here again.	
Sep 11 2004	I hope they keep their rates low!!!!	Stayed one week end of August 2004/first week of September (during the Republican Convention). Yes, the rooms are pretty small, but almost everything else was great: Comfortable beds, modern lighting, small but modern bathroom with superb water pressure, powerful aircon, excellent technical equipment (TV, flawless FREE highspeed internet in rooms), superb ergonomic desk chair and plenty of power outlets. I got a great rate of $ 179 on their website. High praise for the housekeeping staff, they kept the room spotless and were not causing too much noise. Excellent location, close to subway and some great restaurants (you need to try the &quot;Biltmore Room&quot; on 290 Eight Avenue and 25th Street, a hidden gem!!!) in walking distance. Extreme friendly and helpful staff. Only minor complaints: The doors have a slam-shut mechanism (bring earplus, otherwise almost no street noise), and on my departure day they forgot my wake-up call but apologized for the mistake (I still made my flight). Restaurant not yet open, they should mention it on their website. Will definitely return and hope they keep their rates low (I tried to book for December, and rate are partly up to $ 400 a night now!).If you get a room for around $ 200, you cannot go wrong with this new hotel. Thanks, Mr. Apodaca, for your restaurant recommendation, and thanks again, Gloriana, for faxing me the papers I requested!F. Diederichs, Phoenix	
Aug 24 2004	EXCELLENT	This was my 4th trip to NY this year and by far the best place I have stayed. Staff was out-of-the- way friendly, location was excellent ( not too touristy like Times Square) and the rooms were beautifully furnished. If you can live without room service, this is the place to stay!! I got the room from Priceline for under $100 and wasn't expecting much. However, I would stay here again and be willling to pay a lot more for the comfort &amp; location offered by Four Points Chelsea.	
Aug 13 2004	Cozy modern Chelsea hotel	This hotel is a great find! There are not many hotels in Chelsea and this one is perfect. It is new, clean and modern. The staff was very friendly, I even left my glasses in the room and upon returning home, I called, they had the glasses and sent them to me ( no charge) by 2 day air. The beds are very comfortable and yes, the rooms are small, but so is everything in NYC. The Whole Foods across the street is a plus. They have a temporary restaurant, it wil be interesting to see the fininshed product. I will definately stay there again!	
Aug 10 2004	great location but small room		
Aug 2 2004 	Yes !		
Jul 29 2004	Great place. Dont be afraid to ask		
Jul 26 2004	A great Find		
Jul 12 2004	Excellent room and value		
Jul 7 2004	Rooms too small		
May 10 2004	Great Bargain		
Mar 23 2004	Fantastic Value- Especially through Priceline		
Feb 26 2004	Wow - sensational!!!!		
Feb 19 2004	Great Value		
Nov 21 2009 	Hay una disco en la planta baja!		
Aug 27 2009 	Pensavo meglio...bella la vista sull'Empire!		
Aug 24 2009	charming and relaxing		
Aug 15 2009 	?????????????		
May 8 2009	Tolle Lage gute Zimmer		
Mar 21 2009 	Hotel Fashion en Manhattan		
Feb 13 2009 	Me encanto el hotel		
Sep 6 2008 	Un albergo discreto conforme alle aspettative		
Jul 24 2008 	pas hyper top mais on s'y fait !!		
Jun 26 2008 	Très bon rapport qualité-prix pour hôtel idéalement situé		
May 21 2008 	Super localisation		
Oct 30 2007 	Fantástico		
