	Good hotel but a bit far out for sightseeing with a toddler	My husband and 2 year old son stayed here for three nights over the Thanksgiving weekend. We got an excellent rate through priceline and the front desk staff upgraded us to a superior room on the 33rd floor. We had a big room with fantastic view of the hudson and jersey city. There was a small fridge in the room to put milk and yogurt for my son. The hotel is a standard marriot and the rooms are rather large for a Manhattan hotel.The 85 west restaurant has a decent menu but a bit pricy ($20 for a burger). We had breakfast from starbucks one day and the other mornings went to a diner a block away (Georges) which is excellent. I can't compalin about the hotel except I would not stay downtown again for sightseeing or shopping. Also not that many restaurants around.The hotel is one block from ground zero and in general there is a lot of construction in the area with sidewalks blocked off and traffic diverted. The subway stations are very close for getting into town. It is a 20 minute ride to midtown and 25-30 to uptown/central park. All in all, a great hotel but not the most convenient location for midtown sights, especially with a child and a stroller. We also prefer to come back to the hotel for naps and that was inconvenient from midtown as taxi ride is about $30. On the plus side, the ferry for liberty and ellis islands is 10 minutes walk from the hotel.	
Nov 18 2009 	Small issue spoils a potentially better hotel	Stayed here for a wedding over the weekend so immediate area was pretty quiet and dull. Great location for business travelers though - being only a short stroll to Wall Street and all the subway connections you need. But its the little things that did not do credit to the hotel. I needed to urgently print out a 4 page document on the Sunday I was there. The business center was closed and the front desk staff uncooperative to put it mildly. For a business hotel, this is unacceptable. Only after getting irritated, did the concierge agree to have me email the document to her and then print it for me. You certainly can't rely on the front desk to help with a business request. Otherwise, the rooms were better than average (with great flat screen TV), the lobby pleasant although beware of huge construction next door at the WTC site. Starbucks in the hotel was wonderful and the brunch/breakfast at Roy's restaurant in the hotel was absolutely excellent and recommended. Unfortunately, Internet is not free and this is such a disappointment for a business hotel. For those wanting Wall Street, its pretty good. Just make sure the business center is open otherwise you might find little help from anyone. Pity about that.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great upgrade	Apparently they just recently renovated the hotel and it shows. Staff was friendly and courteous.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great Hotel w/lots of construction in the vicinity	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night. The room was very nice but small (as all are in NYC). We were on the 18th floor on the back of the building with no view. But this didn't matter since we got the hotel through Priceline for an excellent deal. There were many subway lines nearby (4/5/1/r/w) that can take you anywhere quicker than a cab. The only thing we didn't like was the amount of construction going on in the area. Of course there is going to be construction around the WTC site, but it seemed liked everything else around the building was scaffolded and the sidewalks were detoured. However, our room was completely quiet! There was a business center on the 2nd floor that let you print out your airline boarding passes for free.	
Oct 26 2009 	Gorgeous hotel wonderful staff good view of the Hudson River	I loved this hotel! The rooms were perfect, modern, clean, roomy and the windows were huge. This hotel had the best hotel gym I've ever seen. The pool was under construction but who wants to swim in this time of year? I also believe it's indoor. The staff was really lovely and helpful when it came to asking what's in the area. Also, the resturant that is in the hotel seems to be very popular because it was really packed throughout the entire day. I'd stay here again because it's near everything if you are interested in staying in Downtown.	
Oct 12 2009 	Breathtaking Location	With a breathtaking location only a block or two away from Ground Zero and the Hudson River in downtown Manhattan, we found the Marriott Downtown clean, the staff helpful and pleasant, and the overall quality of the hotel excellent. For example, on the second day of our stay while running late for the wedding we were in town for, we left our room keys back in the room while frantically trying to take in as many sights as we could. The front desk was friendly and courteous, quickly providing a duplicate with a smile and a, “no problem.” We found the rooms exceptionally clean and provided every possible convenience including a spacious refrigerator, flat screen HD television, iron, and safe. The views from the room are classic New York too. Try taking the elevator to the 33rd floor for a birds-eye view of the construction taking place at Ground Zero. Nestled within the bustling financial district, this is a typical Manhattan building: a narrow high rise. We found the only drawbacks minor. For example, a definite inconvenience to a high rise hotel was the wait for an elevator which could be a little long, especially during peak hours such as checkout, although it normally wasn’t. Don’t expect any extras that you might normally expect at other hotels such as complimentary newspaper, coffee, or a centrally located computer station to check email. Despite these very minor drawbacks, the location and convenience make the Marriott Downtown a gem.	
Oct 9 2009 	Best downtown hotel by far	This is the 4th time at this hotel and wouldnt stay any other place now. The Marriott for me is in the best location you could ask for. It takes 5mins to walk to Ground Zero, Century 21 and Battery Park.The hotel itself has large rooms and excellent views of the Statue of Liberty, staff are very pleasant and helpful. We stayed here for 3 nights, checked in Sep 25th.I love this hotel mainly because its within walking distance to Ground Zero, Century 21 (NYC best kept secret) if you dont know what I'm talking about, its a department store that has every designer item reduced including clothes, perfume, bedding and shoes. The first afternoon we got there I spent 3 hours in it and still didnt get round everything!!You can also walk or get the subway to Canal Street (fake and real designer heaven) just make sure you follow the chinese bag people and dont be afraid to haggle and negotiate prices! Canal Street never disappoints with fake/real (you never know) Tiffany, Coach and Louis Vitton bargains. Some bags still have the original price tickets on them.You can also catch the subway to Times Square and 5th Avenue easily, we buy a daily sub ticket which now costs $8.50 a day but well worth it considering it'll take you all over Manhattan all day. Our favourite deli is also just round the corner from the Marriott. Cordatos's is a working mans deli but to be honest its the best food I've tasted. They make everything fresh and anything you fancy is on the menu. They have 4 tables of 4 that you can sit at and is always busy, they have lunch and dinner specials. Its not the most elegant of places but you wont find a cheaper and best NYC meal anywhere else nearby. Its more than value for money.Downtown NYC has more than came on since the last time I was there 4 years ago. There are lots of new bars and restaurants, new hotels and lots of memorial centre's that you can visit, it's very busy now. You still cant see what's happening with Ground Zero as its still marked off but you can peek through. Still just a gaping whole but construction work is always on-going. It was good to see downtown NYC back on its feet!!Stay at this hotel everytime if you want bargains and the best sightseeing, Times Sq etc is overated, nothing but tac shops and yellow cabs! I say downtown everytime!	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location Great Service Great Hotel	Stayed here for a long sightseeing weekend, the location is great I would reccomend the downtown area, although its obviously being rebuild still. Ground Zero is just round the corner with the tours and visitors centre. Statue of Liberty and ellis island ferry right on your doorstep. The service is great the hotel has several places to eat although we never used them, plenty of other places near.Check in was quick simple and easy and the staff were welcoming and helpful.The room was large, the beds were very comfy, the bathroom was well layed out.Hotel has e-check for most major airlines so you can do that before leaving for the airport, nice bonus.	
Oct 9 2009 	Not the best accommodations it worked for me	I travelled to downtown NY on a business trip and the Marriot downtown location was perfect. It's right across from where I had to be (world financial center). The only downfall about the location is that around that area tons of construction was going on then. Not just the world trade center site but everywhere. When I first went into my room, it looked clean but after checking the bathroom i had second thoughts. It looks like someone just replaced all the bathroom toiletries and didn't bother cleaning anything up. I called the front desk about getting another room but they had none due to some convention or something. So I had to make due with what I had.I can't say much about the other areas of the hotel as I didn't use the hotel amenities much. But everything seemed to be like a typical Marriott hotel.After I came home from my trip, someone called me about my issue with the hotel room cleanliness after I filled out their review before my checkout . I told her what happened and she awarded me points for the issue and apologized. So I thought that was great service. It made up for the small blemish that they had on the room.It's not the BEST accommodations in the area but it worked for me in terms of location, price, and follow-up service.	
Oct 4 2009 	5 Star hotel at 3 star prices	Visited NYC Four times this is the best Hotel we have stopped in ! Book online to get best price , Rooms are really nice and clean we booked after reading review on Trip Advisor .Down side is your a taxi ride from Time Square Etc.	
Sep 22 2009	Wonderful Wedding Weekend	We booked a block of rooms for our daughter's wedding that was held at Battery Gardens.From the time we checked in, till the end of our stay , the staff at the Marriott treated all of us royally. Our rooms were very spacious, with beautiful views of lower Manhattan. Kerry, from the sales department and her entire staff helped make our Wedding Weekend a memorable occasion.	
Aug 22 2009 	Liked the Downtown location a lot..."	Having visited NYC only a handful of times, I was concerned that the location of the New York Marriott Downtown would be inconvenient. But since I used Marriott Rewards to book our stay, this hotel allowed us to stay for the longest number of days with the fewest number of points spent. We had a very good stay. After mentioning that we were celebrating our anniversary, we were given a corner room that was a spacious junior suite, with a small living area. While we were not high enough to see the Statue of Liberty (as others have mentioned), we did have a nice river view. The Starbucks off to the lobby was a great perk; we did not eat in the hotel restaurant, but picked up food at delis near-by. The woman who checked-us in was kind enough to send us a hand-written note wishing us, &quot;Happy Anniversary.&quot; We had a great (and informal) anniversary meal outdoors at Adrienne's Pizza Bar in the Stone Street Historic District, about 15 minutes walk from the hotel. There were several other restaurants there that also had their tables set out on the cobble stone street. My wife thought it was &quot;charming&quot; and the pizza was very good. We were surprised that the person helping us with directions at the front desk hadn't heart of the area. Finally, access to the subway was very easy, just a few minutes walk from the hotel. We took the subway everywhere and never took a cab. After seeing a play on Broadway one night, we were very glad that we did not stay in the very crowded and noisy Theatre District/Times Square area and that we could come home to the quiet of the New York Marriott Downtown. We would definitely go back.	
Aug 10 2009 	A true room with a view---can you meet Ms. Liberty from the window	The marriott is always dependable and this one lives up to it's word too! It's very clean and well-maintained. The staff is friendly and helpful. There is a concierge too that will get you tickets and reservations for dinner. For a few $$ you can upgrade if it's available with a room with a view. You can see the Statue of Liberty from the window! Amazing. The beds are comfortable and you have lots of pillows! The restaurant downstairs has a nice hearty breakfast and the hotel is connected to a Starbucks. If you want a final nightcap you can get a drink at the bar! Lovely.	
Aug 10 2009 	Good Hotel - Ideal Location	We stayed here for 3 nights in July '09 - family of 4. Found the hotel to be very good.Nice sized rooms and the room we were allocated on the 35th had a fantastic view across the river!. The room was well appointed, comfy with all of the mod cons expected from a Marriott Hotel. The staff were friendly &amp; helpful at all times. We requested a late check out on the morning of departure and this was done without any problem whatsoever. A Good bar / restaurant at the front with nice food - a little noisy but hey this is NYC! Yes - there is construction within the location of the hotel but please remember you are literally within yards of Ground Zero at the WTC. Breakfast at Starbucks (in the same building) was far better value than at Roy's Restaurant. We found the location ideal - particularly for Battery Park, The Staten Island Ferry / Statue of Liberty, Ground Zero and downtown NYC. Around a 20 minute walk up Broadway to China Town &amp; Little Italy.Plenty of subway stops close to the hotel so getting quickly &amp; easily to mid &amp; uptown was no problem and cheap. Overall everything you would expect of a Marriot and a good location for exploring Manhattan &amp; beyond.	
Aug 9 2009 	Wouldn't stay here again	I found this hotel very disappointing. The rooms are okay, but the soundproofing isn't wonderful, and the hotel is a bit shabby. I had asked for a quiet room (and usually as a Marriott Rewards Elite member you do get a decent room); when I arrived after a long and delayed flight, I was given a room directly across from the ice machines, the cleaning staff room, and the service elevator. My room key card had the original room number--a corner room--crossed out, with the new room number written beside it. Clearly another guest had complained about being alloted such a bad room, so they had given that guest the room I had originally been assigned. I was told that there was no other room available.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great hotel	This hotel was clean and the staff were overly courteous and attentive. Parking is expensive but we just parked the car for 4 days and used public transportation.Downstairs bar is pretty good for munchies. There is no pool, not much to do at this hotel but NY never sleeps! There's a deli around the corner (beside 911 Museum) that serves all foods. Most delis do and are fantastic food and budget wise. There's a little breakfast place around the corner as well - breakfast at the hotel is very pricey. The hotel is not right downtown but is in a good location for the subway. Buy a pass and take it everywhere! First day there, do the bus tour - there are 3 - choose your preference. It'll show you what's out there and give you an idea of where locations of interest are. Try to get out and try the restaurants. Shop and dine at Pier 17. Uno (one of the restaurants) was just OK. Try NINJA for a neat dining experience. A bit pricey but fun. Wear comfortable shoes and carry an umbrella wherever you go. There are people selling water bottles everywhere for a buck, thankfully!The city is unbelievably clean and the people are undeniably kind. Even the young workers have great attitudes and actually want to help and serve you ! - sorry but it's hard to come by in Ottawa!! No homeless people and the streets are safe all the time.If you have teen girls - go to 5th Avenue and browse! Abercrombie and Finch - they'll love it - they can get their pic taken with the model du jour !! Free of charge! Central Park is a must - it's large but beautiful. Check out Gugenheim museum. If you want to go up Empire Stage bldg. be prepared to stand in line!ENJOY!	
Jul 26 2009 	Awful	My weekend shopping was accidentally thrown away as garbage...okSecurity made me feel awful, almost saying like it wasnt the end of the world after I complained. They said they will reimburse the money back with an extra 50 USD, which I considered humilliating. Also, one day it took me like an hour to close the door, the next one plumbing problems, that was fixed the same day after I mentioned it.Location is good. Concierge, check in, etc were ok as well.	
Jul 26 2009 	Awesome hotel!	This hotel is very clean! The staff was extremely helpful and polite.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location at a great price	Although in the financial district of NYC, I found the location excellent. There are several subway stations close by and the ride to mid town is about 10 minutes. I had read that usually over the weekends the area was not crowded, but to my surprise I found a lot of tourists walking around both days, so I felt safe walking around as well. Perfect place to stay if you have to wake up early to visit the Statue of Liberty as it will take you five minutes to get to Battery Park. My only challenge was that my key stopped working after two days (for a 3 day stay) and when I requested a copy at the f/d, the girl asked me three times if I didn't have additional keys because she didn't want to cancel them. As a Front Office person myself, I understood the reason behind her question, but after the first time when I told her &quot;no, these are the only 2 keys&quot;, she should have given me my new keys. Besides that, everything was excellent.	
Jul 20 2009	worst hotel I have ever had the misfortune to stay at - please stay elsewhere	Rude and abusive staff that bully and assault. Concierge service that ruined over $400 worth of tickets and tours as with mis - information and laziness. Staff that cannot properly deal with complaints other than to ask you to leave, of course the hotel was prepaid. Building site outside the front door, dirty windows - but just awful, terrible staff.	
Jul 18 2009 	Business hotel OK for tourists	I stayed at this hotel with my partner for 2 nights in July. We chose it for price as we did not want to pay too much as we did not plan on spending much time in the hotel. We were aware of the pool being closed but this did not bother us.The hotel is a good location for the financial district but also good for tourists to see the lower end of Manhattan. It is particularly convenient for Battery Park, Wall Street and the ferry to the Statue of Liberty. We even walked back from Central Park to the hotel - it took a couple of hours.We arrived around midnight and found reception staff helpful and friendly. We were able to arrange a checkout for 2pm although would have preferred later. Despite the construction work close by at the WTC site we did not find it disturbed us on the 9th floor.We were allocated a disabled room in order to have a king-size bed. We found the bathroom door difficult to open/close and the shower temperature only lukewarm most of the time.We had one breakfast at Roy's in the hotel but did not find it good value for money. Next morning we had similar breakfast at Starbucks for a fraction of the price. We had one dinner in the noisy sports bar - large portions and plenty of choice.Overall this hotel suited our needs of a reasonably priced room for two nights.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Value in Lower Manhattan.	We stayed here on the weekend of July 11, 2009 with another couple. This was (probably) our 6th or 7th stay at this hotel, so I feel obligated to write a review even if it feels a little like home now.We like the place because we usually don't go above 16th street and stay in the village/soho for most of our stays. For first-timers who want to go to Central Park and see all of the sights in midtown, it's a bit of a hike even on the train. (Red 1 and Yellow R lines have stations within a few blocks of the hotel, so it's not too hard to get wherever you want to go.)I write this report because I need to point out how quick and easy it is to get in and out of here. All it takes is a quick U-turn on the West Side Highway at Battery Park and you're there in a few blocks. The front desk attendants have always been very quick and friendly at check-in.I don't really take too much time worrying about the rooms, because we spend no time there. However, the beds are very, very comfortable. (We get a king bed and sleep like we're dead.) The bathrooms are good, spacious hotel bathrooms. The TV's look fancy, but they picture tends to be below average. If you're planning to spend a ton if time in a room watching TV, go somewhere else. The view can be great. Ask for a room facing the Hudson River with a view of the Statue of Liberty if it's something your'e interested in. It's a nice view to look out upon if you spend a lot of time in the room.Roy's is the hotel restaurant. He's a very highly regarded Hawaiian chef and the place gets great feedback, though we've never eaten there.The bar (915 West?) has expensive cocktails and some very good food. (My wife swears it's one of the best Tuna Tartar's she's had. She's had a lot of that stuff!) Cool vibe. 100% tourists...not a local in sight.Starbucks and a gift shop are on site. World Trade Center site is a block away. Lower Broadway is two blocks away.The very trendy W Hotel chain is putting a place up right next door, which should bring other businesses to the neighborhood. I think it's a real good sign that the neighborhood is really coming back to life after being decimated on 9/11/01.Overall: This hotel is our homebase when we come to NYC, 2-3 times/year.Reason: Great value. Easy to get into/out of by car. Subway stops right nearby, so we can go anywhere very easily. Very friendly staff.	
Jul 7 2009 	Beautiful Weekend	We stayed here Memorial Day Weekend and had a wonderful time. The hotel will seem expensive for out-of-towners, but generally felt in-line with Manhattan prices (parking and use of the Internet were the 2 costs that felt too high). There was considerable construction on the street in front of the hotel, but the hotel staff was very helpful in helping us unload the car and, once inside, it felt like an oasis. They gave us 2 adjoining corner rooms with beautiful views of the Hudson and Bay. The rooms were so comfortable, the children didn't want to leave the hotel. The hotel used to operate an indoor pool, but no longer does. They've noted this on the web page, but unfortunately, references to the pool are still on the room documents and other signs. A couple of restaurants, a small grocery store, and street carts selling fruit were within a couple of blocks westward. The hotel also has a restaurant and a Starbucks. Battery Park with ferries to Staten Island and the Statue of Liberty is about a 15 min walk (with kids). There are two subway stops within a 5-10 min walk - we used the subway to easily get to midtown attractions. One of the nicest features of the area is the walkway along the Hudson River - fun to stroll along at sunset. I've stayed in many hotels in Manhattan and enjoyed this one far more than the more cramped sunless ones in midtown.	
Jul 1 2009 	Good Base Hotel with nearby and well connected transport links	Our room was located on the 11th floor. We had hoped to be higher so we could have views of the statue of liberty and the hudson but this would have cost and extra $40 a night which we did not feel was worth it as we were going to be out and about for most of the day. Our three night stay at the Marriott was pleasant. The reception staff were friendly and were able to help us out with planning trips and advise. There is a subway very close to the hotel (Rector Street) which provides fast and easy travel uptown. A single ride costs $2.25. We did get a taxi back from Times Square to the hotel one evening and this cost us approx $20. The nearby vicinty is quiet in the evenings and there is a lot of construction work going on (WTC very closeby) however we were not disturbed by this (i think the higher up you are, the better). There are a few nice delis and restuarants near to the hotel. The hotel is close to Battery park and close to the Hudson with a lovely walk nearby where you can find some livelier bars along the river. Our room was clean and spacious and we were not dissappointed. There was a coffee machine, fridge, iron and hairdryer in the room with internet access and on demand tv and a 32&quot; plasma. We had two double beds in our room and were impressed with the space and cleanliness. The starbucks on site was handy in the mornings and there is also a restaurant (approx $20 each for breakfast) and a cocktail bar for a quiet drink in the evenings. Some tour operator listings state that there is an indoor pool within the hotel but we discovered that this is now closed.We cannot fault the hotel.If you wish to get away from the busy parts of town and have a quiet evening at times then this is fine and there are local shops and restaurants to be discovered. Links to midtown and uptown are easy and we did not find this problematic. By staying downtown we saw a lot of parts that we may not have necessarily found in a guide book or have made the trip down to explore when on a short break so we felt that this aspect helped make this a good choice of hotel.Our flight was to and from JFk and the standard flat fare is $45 each way. In addition to this you have to pay any tolls so it would be advisable to tell the driver to use the Brooklyn Bridge or Manhattan bridge to avoid additional costs. It takes about an hour for the transfer. We were advised that a bus from the airport would cost the same and due to the downton location we would be looking at two hours transfer as the bus would start dropping people off up town. Nearby:Wall StreetWTC SiteCentury 21 Shopping Centre (shooping bargains galore!!)Battery ParkFerries to Statue of Liberty and Staten IslandHudson River (walk/cycle/roller blade route)Fulton Market/Pier 17 for seafood restaurants and bars. Abercrombie, Gap and Benneton shops which are less crowded than uptown and have great clearance items as well!)During our stay we visited the Jersey Gardens Mall (near newark airport) There were numerous outlets and was worth the visit if you are shopping for bargains (Abercrombie and GAP were great and you could find UGG boots for $100!). The trip cost $10.50 return on a bus from Port Authority (42nd Street) bus station and took about 45 minutes.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great Views	We had a room on the 35th floor. The views were excellent. We could see the Statueof Liberty. The room was nice, clean and had very nice furntiure and appointments. Thebathroom was nice, but nothing spectacular.We were attending a conference. I thought the common area rugs were filthy and theactual conference area was average at best. I thought the service and staff were good.For the price I thought it was satisfactory.	
Jun 25 2009 	Very good choice	Nice hotel in a good location to explore New York. Just take a taxi or the subway and your near everything. Very clean and comfortable rooms.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great hotel located in Wall Street/downtown area with excellent service	I recently stayed at this hotel and I loved it. I'm very familiar with Marriott hotels and stay at different properties several times a year - this is definitely one of the best. The location is great - right in the Financial District of Manhattan, which is great for tourists as well as those who are on business trips. There's a subway station located close by, which makes travel to other parts of Manhattan very easy. The hotel itself is very clean and modern. The rooms seem recently renovated, which also makes for a pleasant and nice stay. Usually hotel staff at the Marriott is well-trained and friendly and the same can be said for staff at this location - very accommodating and friendly.A few other perks at the hotel include a Roy's Restaurant inside the hotel (one of my personal favorites serving Hawaiian-fusion cuisine) as well as a fitness center that is adequate for simple weight training and cardio workouts. For those who need a coffee fix, a Starbucks is also on site and a great convenience. Probably the best thing about the hotel is the value - most hotels in New York City can be very expensive, but if you book early enough, you can find some amazing deals ($220 - $270/per night). Considering the level of service and the amenities the hotel offers, this is probably one of the best deals in New York City.	
Jun 20 2009 	Downtown Marriott helped make our trip great!	My wife booked a trip to NYC at the last minute for five day vacation. She selected the Downtown Marriott.The concierege we had the most contact with was Jay. He was awesome! If you have the pleasure of his service, please take care of him. The rooms were extremely clean, the service was attentive. My wife booked our reservations through expedia. There was a mix-up between expedia and the Marriott. The desk help did not fix the problem the first time, nor the second time - when I had to go down to the front desk with my paperwork. It took them calling me a third time at 10PM the night before my flight left for the problem to be resolved. I understand mix-ups happen. I understand it may have been expedia's error. However, why wasn't it fixed the first time?Since it is downtown, there isn't much, if anything going on during the evening. The A train is nearby, so if you don't mind using the subway, getting around is a breeze.I traveled with my wife, 13 year-old daughter, and 8 year-old daughter. They all enjoyed the hotel.This was our second trip to NYC on vacation for a week. I would definitely use the Downtown Marriott again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Hotel for Value	I just stayed at this hotel a second time in 4 weeks. The Bell Captain remembered who I was which amazed me. Requested room with a view and was not disappointed. The room was actually a nice size for NYC with clean bathroom, flat screen TV and Starbucks!!! The staff was pleasant and was more than willing to assist us with several requests. Had a night cap at the bar which was very nice. Had the Tuna sashimi with sesame crust that was very good for a bar. All in all, I will definitely stay here again. Anyone who says there a bedbugs should probably bathe better, because the beds were lean and comfty!!!	
May 29 2009 	No Pool - But no-one informed us!	The hotel room itself was lovely, with great views from the 36th floor. The coffee maker was fine - just ask if you need extra supplies. The staff were friendly and helpful. However, we booked through B A Holidays and we were never informed that the hotel pool was closed permanently in January! The gym was good and partly made up for this disappointment. Lots of construction work, but this didn't bother us - what can you expect when being next to Ground Zero? Overall, a good hotel.	
May 24 2009 	Fitted the bill for what you would want in a hotel while staying in new York	Nice, clean professional hotel, I really couldn't imagine bedbugs as someone said. It's really new looking. It's really near to the statue of liberty and ellis island and there are load of subway staions that only cost $2 each time you travel flat rate. Because of the tube it's really easy to get to anywhere in new York. Never got to sample the pool, but remember to take your cosy. The biggest benefit is that they have a starbucks in the hotel as well.	
May 19 2009 	A very comfortable stay in a convenient location	The hotel happened to be very busy the weekend of our stay with lots of guests in town for a large bicycle ride, and as a result, there were bikes all over the lobby. Despite this, getting help at the front desk and from the concierge was easy and pretty fast. The rooms themselves are very comfortable, with very soft and nice beds. Traffic noise was almost non-existent, a big plus for us. This Marriott is close to restaurants and some shopping, it's easy to catch taxis, and the subway is also close by.	
May 8 2009 	Excellent base to explore NY	I stayed at this hotel for four nights, the beds were so comfortable, excellent staff freindly &amp; helpfull. Legendary New York brekfast did not dissapoint, nor did the meal we had there one night, &amp; for me &amp; the family (13 &amp; 8 yr old) we found it a great base from which to explore. recomended	
May 5 2009 	Excellent Stay at Downtown Marriott	We spent the weekend at the Downtown Marriott primarily because my son and I were doing the Five Boroughs Bike Tour on Sunday. Our family of four (two teenage sons) had a wonderful stay at the Marriott. Good location for accessing the sights of the Downtown/Financial district area. Battery Park (Statue of Liberty ferry), Wall Street, Ground Zero and South Street Seaport were all within walking distance for us. Set in a &quot;quiet&quot; area of Manhattan, away from the hustle of midtown, we enjoyed walking the streets and eating from a quiet street cafe. The room service prices were astronomical (hey, it is NY) but it was a quick walk to the corner store for all our provisions...all the local vendors that we dealt with were super helpful and friendly. Also, be aware that the Ground Zero area is still very much under construction as is the road in front of the hotel. We did not find it a problem to get around.The location was perfect for the Five Boroughs bike tour and kudos for the Marriott for making accomendations for riders (bike storage, late check-out). The staff was very friendly, the room was spacious (for NYC) and clean. Overall, it was an excellent stay.We look forward to our next visit!	
May 4 2009 	Pleasant stay	We went to NYC for a long weekend, as a celebration for my birthday. Although the location of this hotel was not our first choice, the fares were reasonable and the reviews were mostly positive. Our flight arrived in the early morning so we headed to the hotel and asked for an early check-in, which was accepted. Our room was on a high floor, as requested when we booked. The room was nicely appointed, clean and it had nice city views.The only thing was that it faced a construction site - something hard to avoid being in downtown - and after an overnight flight we wanted to get some rest before heading to the city. It was not disturbingly noisy, but there was some background noise, though I think that on a regular day it would not have bothered us. We went back to the front desk and asked if they could get us another room facing the other side. We were kindly helped by Mr. Michael Bormann, Assistant Manager, who even took us upstairs to see a couple of rooms available. Knowing it was my b-day weekend, he also suggested some options for an upgrade at a discounted fare, in order to make our stay even more special. We were very pleased with the kind of attention we got and changed rooms. The next room was also nicely appointed, spacious and clean, plus it was much quieter and had a wonderful view of the Hudson river. The next day, the actual b-day, I even got a card with kind wishes from Mr. Bormann. My husband and I found it very gracious of him.Location wise, it was a bit out of our way, but within a few subway stations, a short cab ride or even a nice walk we were right where we wanted, no hassle whatsoever, even at night..The Marriott Downtown was surely a good choice and we would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great location for Statue of Liberty	This was a perfect hotel for our weekend. We stayed on the 30th floor and had a view of the Statue of Liberty. We were celebrating my daughter's 10th birthday, and I asked upon checking for milk and cookies to be sent to room. The hotel obliged and sent up the goods (an a card) as a gift. The room was very clean and a comfortable size for New York, where hotel room can run small. The coffee maker in the room brewed terrible coffee, so we were glad to have the Starbucks in the lobby. Room service was very prompt with breakfast, which was expensive but tasty. There is quite a bit of construction in the area, but we did not hear any noise while in our room. This is a great location if you are visiting the Statue of Liberty, ground zero, TriBeca, Wall Street or South Street Seaport. It was an easy walk to all of these areas (on a sunny day).	
Apr 5 2009 	Great hotel accomodating staff aims to please	My wife and I traveled to New York for a long weekend of rest and relaxation and found the Mariott to be a great hotel. The rooms are bigger than your typial New York hotel room, even compared to other hotels in this class. Everything was reasonably new considering all of the construction and renovation that has been required post-9/11. Although the hotel is indeed very close to ground zero, the only time that ever was an inconvenience was when our taxi from the airport had to pull up short to drop us off -- there isn't a traditional pull-through for check in because of the ongoing construction. In the rain this was a small inconvenience but not terrible. The hotel is very reasonable walking distance to 3 major subway lines, making this hotel the perfect base for city exploration. I must commend the hotel staff for resolving the only problem we encountered during our stay: there was an extremely large tour group of high school kids who had a block of rooms at the hotel. Several of them were on our floor and making a lot of noise. After asking security to quiet them down once, the hotel immediately moved us to another room -- and upgraded us to a Jr. Suite. When we returned from dinner that night there was a bottle of wine and dessert platter with a hand-written note from the manager apologizing for the inconvenience. I was impressed with how seriously they took our complaint and how quickly they resolved the issue.	
Mar 31 2009 	OH My!! All I can say is BED BUGS !! BED BUGS!!	The comfy pillows and comforter cannot mask those little critters. We had a pleasant stay up until the 3rd night when we started seeing little bites on us. The desk clerk found us another room right away, but it was hard to sleep without thinking about things crawling on you. The plus... is that they were quick to find us another room. The negative is they would only give us a $20 discount on our bill. We had to check out on the 4th night.	
Mar 23 2009 	Overall service is very poor - would not stay here again	The bell boy was great - other than that, the rest of the staff was rude. From the moment of check in you are treated like they are doing you a favor by allowing you to stay at their motel. We stayed for one week. On our last day, the desk calls your room about 8:30 AM to see if you have checked out yet. They do not speak to you - they just check if someone answers and then they hang up on you. We had a do not disturb sign on our door and check out wasn't until 11. The location is a detriment as well. You are right next to a busy highway and nothing is within walking distance. If you want internet in your room, be prepared to pay to much for it - along with everything else.	
Mar 18 2009	Pleasant hotel -- location is both benefit and caveat	I'm not going to talk much about the hotel -- it's perfectly pleasant. But readers should understand a bit about the location. it's the hotel's biggest plus -- and it's biggest minus. You want to have the full story before you stay here. The hotel is literally a block from Ground Zero. What most visitors don't realize is that it's is not just Ground Zero that is under construction. The highway -- right outside the hotel -- is being rebuilt. Buildings to the south and east of the hotel are being demolished (because of damage sustained on 9/11) and constructed. You are literally in the midst of a construction zone. And while you are also two blocks from the lovely (really lovely) Battery Park City esplanade (perhaps one of the nicest walks you can do in New York City, with amazing views of the Hudson RIver, New Jersey (yes, there are nice views of New Jersey), Ellis Island, Liberty State Park, the Statue of Liberty and the many ferries plying the river), you need to cross West Street to get there. West Street is a major thoroughfare now being rebuilt. The crossing by the hotel is manned during peak hours by traffic police and construction workers, but it is still a rather dangerous intersection (and this is coming from someone who had to navigate it many times with a stroller). The traffic pattern changes almost daily, and a pedestrian bridge, just to the south of the hotel has been closed for repairs as of March (and isn't expected to reopen until at least May). The only other way to get to Battery Park City is via a bridge from Ground Zero (which does have an elevator). It's a bit out of the way, but reliable and safe.That said, there are plenty of positive things about the location. You are a quick walk to three major subway lines on Rector Street (the 1, the R/W, and the 4/5). If you can safely navigate West Street, Battery Park City is spectacularly beautiful (a great, great place to go for an evening stroll). Wall Street is a short walk. So are City Hall, the Brooklyn Bridge, the Woolworth Building, the Staten Island Ferry, and a ton of lovely parks. And the hotel is quite lovely, too.Just keep in mind the pros and cons of the location.	
Mar 11 2009 	Awesome hotel Service and away from RAT RACE! :-)	spent 3 nights here for quick getaway trip to NYC from Texas, celebration of wifes Bday and Marriage Anniversary. Awesome curb service, check in service, bell boy service, the corner room we had on the 35th floor, overlooking ellis island was way cool!..... the room was immaculate and awesomely decorated!... Bed was comfy and room was roomy for NYC standards (ever stayed at the Roger Williams?? or Marriott Eastside??)...room really are pretty good size, probably not as big as the Marriott Marquis, but just about the same. The Hotel Lobby is tastefully decorated and there is a starbucks on teh 'backside' of the hotel and hte bar area restaurant is great!... very good service and surprisingly also had very good food to serve, limited menu, but food was good for late night eating.....There are some things that you must be aware of, which were not big issues at all for us, this hotel is a bit out of the way in comparison to times square or central park area. Having said that, having been to NYC many times, we watned to be a bit away from it all and enjoy some 'quietness'. The rooms were obviously recently renovated and have a very good layout and room for NYC, the maid service is efficient (remember to tip for their service, they are the workhorses for a hotel, leave a $2 or $3 tip for their service) and even though we had people next door to us, we never heard anything, not even a murmur of voices, so rooms appear to be pretty well padded. BTW: the room has the 'ihome' clock/radio, so if you have and ipod device, you can connect to it, which was a real nice surprise to listen to your music while you get ready to go out, etc.The closest subway will be the 1,2,3, trains @ rector st., the subway at century 21 location as of this writing is 'closed', so beware! rector st. is about 1.5 blocks or so away, there is somewhat limited eateries in area in comparison to westside/eastside/times sqr. area, but what is around the hotel is decent and worthy of consideration. You are about 2 blocks or so away from WTC area and about 18 minute walk to seaport area, about same to brooklyn bridge. So if your using the subway's you can use the L or S trains to jump over to teh other side of manhattan to catch the 4,5,6 trains if you need to, so the rector street location was not as bad as a starting point as it could have been, just something to consider. NOW, there appears to be pending construction or something to that affect, maybe security?...who knows, but there are concrete barriers in the front of the hotel at this time, so there is no direct drop off in front of hotel, it is a little akward to be dropped off/picked up, etc. just be forewarned.We flew into JFK, via Jetblue, just an awesome NEW terminal! having been to JFK with other airlines, it is nice to see a new terminal!.. default $45 taxi ride into manhattan, if u take taxi, we had towncar service both ways (average cost of about $60 for towncar service, plus gratuities,etc.).. we used a personal driver into manhattan (no website) and used Dial7 for drive to JFK and had no complaints for the most part. VERY different service though, Dial 7 drove and operated his car as a taxi, very impersonal.... but was on time and got us to our destination w/o issues, but not very personal attention as our first driver (again, word of mouth driver which was very personal, slow driving, very professional). THE MARRIOTT STAFF and HOTEL left us with great memories and definitely feels and represents what the MARRIOTT is and suppose to be, would go back in a heartbeat, recommend highly!	
Feb 23 2009 	Excellent experience at the Marriott Downtown	Just spent a weekend here with the family (wife and 2 kids) for a quick getaway to NYC. I have to say that the whole experience from the moment we arrived to when we left was great. The hotel was easy to get to and the check-in was flawless. I didn't mind the location in the Financial District and actually considered it a plus to escape to a calmer location after dealing with the mobs of people in Midtown/Times Square and elsewhere. If you are unfamiliar with NYC the downtown financial district, while busy during the week, really clears out on weekends (and leads to some great hotel deals for leisure travelers.) The subway uptown is a 2 minute walk from the hotel and will have you at some of the major midtown sights in 10-15 minutes.Rooms were spotless and the bed was comfortable. We also had a great view from the 25th floor. If I had any negative it was that parking costs $55 per night but that is the standard in the city so there's nothing you can do about it. Service stood out as every employee we interacted with was friendly, accomodating and concerned about the quality of our stay. I'll definitely be back.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great Hotel...We'll be back!	Our stay and the Marriott Downtown was great. The rooms were very clean. The staff was very friendly. The view from our room was great. Our room was on the 38th floor with spectacular views. For a little more money, I would recommend doing the breakfast package. The breakfast buffet at Roy's Restaurant located inside the hotel was great. The hotel is also conveniently located near the Greenwich St/Rector St. subway...about a block away. Also a short 10 minute walk to Battery Park where you can catch the ferry to the Statute of Liberty and Ellis Island. Our next stay in NYC will definitely be at the Marriott Downtown.	
Feb 4 2009 	Convenient friendly hotel	Great hotel for business or pleasure. Whilst located in the downtown financial district it has easy and good subway access if you're a tourist wanting to see the rest of Manhattan, and if here on business Wall St is only a short walk away.Rooms had been refurbished since my first visit a year and a half ago. They're much improved as a result, being clean and well appointed. Excellent flat screen TVs, with a host of media connections in the wall that you can hook your laptop too if you want. Nice touch with the bedside clock radio having an iPod dock.Restaurant adequate if somewhat overpriced, especially breakfast. However a Starbucks is located in the same building so you can easily get a quick coffee and something to eat there too.If checking in, ask for a high level room with bay views - especially if it's your 1st time in NYC.	
Jan 22 2009 	average in everything	small rooms. old plumbing. stayed in 3 different hotels on the same trip given jammed occupancy on the trip. this was the worst of the 3 hotels.	
Jan 9 2009 	1st Time NYC Visit! Good Guess	1st time to visit NYC and we chose well with this hotel! Family of four with two teenagers looking to do all the typical touristy stuff and not too interested in being right in the middle of things. This hotel fit us perfectly. Easy to get to from the subway, beautiful view of the river &amp; Status of Liberty and quiet! Rooms were clean and decorated nicely, beds &amp; pillows excellent and large bathrooms with great, refreshing showers. Staff was very helpful moving us at check in to a room further up (floor 17 to 31) Harbor View which let us greet Lady Liberty every morning &amp; evening! We love it!	
Jan 6 2009	Great hotel with great rates	I've been to New York three times now, and this was by far the best hotel experience. Excellent sized room which was clean and well maintained including a flat screen TV, a fridge and a spotless bathroom with a great shower. Paid £700 for five nights over New Year using a well known website which I thought was a good deal. Great location, just round the corner from a subway which takes you all points north. Also really near Battery Park if you are doing the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. Location is quiet of an evening and great if you don't want to be at the centre of the action.The hotel bar is really friendly, and the service is great. Good value meals (£15 for a steak) and they serve a wide range of beer and ales. The NY Cheesecake is to die for!Niggles? Only really minor. The tea/coffee machine had no UHT milk cartons. The fridge was not stocked. There was a bit of a wait for lifts...allow five minutes to get up or down - but they're installing a new system right now to speed it up and make it more efficient. The concierge was friendly, but only offered me a number to book tickets for a Nicks game, rather than trying to do it himself. But I'm being really picky here and it didn't detract from the overall experience.Also, don't use Roy's restaurant for breakfast if you are room only - you will pay £20 per person and it's not worth it. Instead, nip round the corner to George's or the place opposite it. Here you will get a decent breakfast for more than half the price. In summary, this is a great hotel in a great location and I'd recommend it to anyone.	
Jan 2 2009 	Wonderful hotel	Stayed at the Marriott for 6 nights from Dec 23rd which was our first time in New York.The cab ride from JFK was a bit hair raising to say the least!Anyway upon arrival at the hotel we were greeted by a very nice guy behind the desk who had noted my request for Statue of Liberty views which we were given.The room itself was lovely,spotless and comfortable.We found the hotel to be spotless throughout and very welcoming.The concierge guy was a bit of a misery but the rest of the staff were very pleasant.Found the 2 restaurants to be a bit pricey,$5 for a small glass of orange juice at breakfast so we used Starbucks after that.The only complaint would be the elevators.On our last day we waited 20 mins for them and it seemed only one of the three were working.When we did finally squeeze into one with our luggage it stopped at every single floor from the 31st down.All in all it took almost 30 mins to get down.We would go back to the Marriott and i would recommend it if you don't mind paying a little more.	
Dec 4 2008 	Nice Hotel; Friendly Staff	It’s a nice and clean hotel. The staff is very kind, helpful and accommodating. Since the hotel is located downtown in the financial district, it’s not close to any of the touristy sites. However, the subway is about three to four blocks away. So, the trip to Time Square /Uptown is a short trip. Ground Zero, Battery Park and the Staten Island Ferry are within walking distance from the hotel. The elevators are slow, but not a deal breaker. There is a lot of construction outside. Overall, it was a good experience. I’ll definitely stay there again. I really like the room and I had an awesome view of the river.	
Nov 22 2008 	wonderful hospitality	It was fabulous, they looked after us so well. We had ordered a stretch limo to collect us from the airport and the whole holiday did not disappoint. Exceptionally clean and comfortable. All and more. Do not take heed of the problems with the lifts hardly bothered us at all.	
Nov 10 2008 	Decent Marriott in Financial District	Marriott Downtown is decent hotel in Financial District, steps away from ground zero. I stayed for business as it was convenient to my meetings; it's not near many touristy sites if you're visting NYC. Room included: hair dryer, iron, coffee maker, flat-screen tv, expensive high-speed internet, in-room safe, bath amenities shampoo, lotion, conditioner, etc.Pros:* Spacious and clean* Comfortable bedCons:* Noisy hallways* Elevators currently under repair and caused some delays in waiting* In-room safe was in a drawer, making it difficult and heavy to open.	
Nov 5 2008 	Nice Hotel/Boring Location	Stayed Saturday night in November, 2008. Bid $250.00 on Priceline.Location: accross the street from &quot;Ground Zero.&quot; Can observe the construction outside room's window. Financial district area is dead on weekend and after hours. Subway stop three-ish blocks away.Appearance: fairly new, probably from renovation after 9/11. Everything had a better than standard look, but definitely not &quot;luxurious&quot;.Recommendation: stay, but weigh in costs in time and money of traveling to activity centers (e.g., 42nd Street).	
Nov 4 2008 	Clean great service and room	Very friendly and quick service--- let me check in as early as 9:30am, even though it said 3pm. Small fridge under the TV in cabinet. The room and bed was very comfortable and clean-- large LCD TV as well and fantastic shower head.	
Oct 31 2008 	Great room great view but a little out of the way	We stayed at the hotel for my husband's business trip. It was a very clean, warm, nice hotel. Warmth was important to me since it snowed during the entire trip! The staff were friendly and I have no complaints about the room or hotel. The one thing that would keep me from staying there again is the location. It's not really close to anything to see or do while in NYC. It's in a location more for business. Overall though, great place to stay.	
Oct 29 2008 	Good Value Hotel	We stayed in this hotel (2 plus 13 year old child) after previously using hotels in and around Times Square. This hotel was an improvement on all of the others. From the moment we checked in, we were made to feel welcome. Our room consisted of 2 double beds which were more than adequate for our needs, and the maid service was excellent. Although not exactly central, there are still loads of restaurants/bars/deli's in the immediate vicinity. Check out the small Thai takeaway just near the back entrance - delicious, cheap food on your doorstep. The hotel pool was pretty good and made a nice start to the day. I would highly recommend a walk to the nearby Battery City Park &amp; the Winter Gardens. from there you can walk up the west side of the Hudson or down towards Battery Park &amp; the ferries.The downsides - room service was ridiculously expensive ($7 for a bottle of water, $42 for a pizza &amp; pepsi ) and put us off using it again. The issue with the lifts seems to have dragged on for ages. Only one lift went as far as the 12th floor where we stayed so it could be a bit of a wait. The bad news is the work to upgrade them will take a few more months. I dare say they'll get there eventually.Overall - a very positive stay at a good hotel. I would definitely use the Marriott Downtown again.	
Oct 18 2008 	Mixed Experience	if you get a good deal, the hotel is certainly ok, but can be crowded with large travel groups. Our room was on the 6th floor, which could only be reached by one of the four elevators, since another one was under repair. This arrangements resulted in frequent and partially long waits for an elevator, which in this hotel category and price class are not acceptable. The hotel room was large and the bed and furniture were comfortable, however the ice machine opposite our room was noisy and could be heared in the room during the night. When the air conditioning failed, service was quick and upon return to the hotel, everything was working again.Overall, the rating reflects that for 1600 EUR for 5 nights, we simply expect a better, less noisy room and hassle free elevators. However, the Roys Restaurant was delicious, albeit pricy.	
Oct 16 2008	Can't praise this hotel more highly	My husband only requested a river view room because this was my belated 50th birthday trip and this was all we hoped for at the most. We arrived without our luggage late on Wednesday night to find that we had been upgraded to a junior suite and were given toiletry packs to help us out. On the desk in our suite was a cheese platter, a box of crackers, a bottle of champagne and two champagne flutes, a box of Godiva truffles and an individual Godiva birthday cake shaped truffle. When I walked past the coffee table I noticed a plate with a cover under which there were chocolate dipped strawberries on it. It was like my birthday all over again! I was deeply touched by their kind thoughts and attention to detail.We went down to the lively cocktail bar off the lobby (not one of the dead dull places that some hotel bars can be) at about 11.30pm, starving as the second meal on the plane was pizza and I am wheat intolerant and my husband hates cheese! They serve until midnight and their French onion soup (minus croutons for me) was excellent. Their Cosmopolitans were very good too.The next day at about 5pm there was a knock on the door. With sore feet from shopping I padded to the door and there was a member of staff with another plate of chocolate dipped strawberries and half a bottle of wine! I felt truly spoilt.The hotel is fitted out to the high standard I have come to expect from Marriotts, with very comfortable beds and pillows (I needn't have brought my own memory foam one, theirs was just as good - note to self!). Yes, the elevators were a little slow but not tragically and they are working on them. It is sad to be able to see Ground Zero while you are waiting for the elevators but we need to remember what happened just around the corner, not forget it. It is in an excellent location for getting uptown on the Subway with Rector Street station really just a couple of blocks and a few minutes away. It is on the best line for getting to Loehman's at 18th Street for great bargains, and you just have to stay on a while longer for Macy's at 34th Street. The view across the river was worth requesting as there is the impressive looking Goldman Sachs Tower on the other side. It was the manager who found that out for me and she even attached the page from Wikipedia explaining which building it was after I got home. That is the level of service provided by this hotel.We had a wonderful time there in spite of my luggage taking a full 48 hours longer than me to arrive. A big thank you to all of the staff who made it special for me.	
Oct 16 2008 	Great weekend value	Went to NYC with my husband and parents for an overnight and was able to snag a double room for $350! An amazing deal for NYC, and still not sure how it happened. We got to the hotel at 11am, checked our bags, and then went out sightseeing and did not actually return to check in until 11pm.The room was impeccable, comfortable beds, nice decor - obvisously very set up for the business traveler but it was perfect for our one &quot;crash&quot; night. We were up and out by 9 am the next morning, so really didn't spend a lot of time there, but it served our needs. Staff at check-in was friendly and efficient.The only drawback is the location - it's downtown near Ground Zero and that's not a very happening area on the weekends (especially Sunday morning). If you plan to do all of your sightseeing up in Midtown (Rockefeller, Central Park, Museums, etc.) then you may not like the location.	
Oct 9 2008 	Great base for 4 girls	I have just returned from a stay at the Downtown Marriott (2nd-6th Oct). I was travelling with 3 friends &amp; we stayed in a 2 double bedded room. I was a little worried about 4 of us in one room; the amount of space, one badroom, getting ready etc. However our room was great, it was clean, had everything we needed and enough space &amp; storage for us all. Admittedly we were not in it very much as there is so much to do in New York, but as a base and for the price it was excellent. Do not go if you are after luxury and personality. The only thing I could fault is the fact that one of the elevators was not working (you had to wait a good few minutes for one to arrive) and the staff on the reception desk were not very friendly. I'd reccomend it to anyone going to New York who wants somewhere that is clean &amp; good value as a base.	
Sep 23 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We recently stayed in the Downtown Marriott for a couple of nights and found it to be an excellent hotel. Fortunately, my husband had Marriott points that covered our 2 nights stay. The location was great for visiting Battery Park, going over on the Staten Island Ferry and as it was also located very near the Rector Street Subway station, we found it useful to catch the no.1 train to travel further uptown. As it's location is close to Ground Zero, there is a lot of construction work nearby but we did not find it to be problem at all.Our room was a king size, beautifully clean and large compared to hotel room sizes we've stayed in when travelling in Europe. The bed was so comfortable too. There were plenty of towels available in the bathroom. Other room provisions included a really good hairdryer and an iron and ironing board. The facilities were great. There was a Starbucks cafe - handy for breakfast, but really busy early in the morning as a lot of business people staying at the hotel find it useful. I believe there is another bar but we didn't use it and also health facilities - pool/sauna, again we didn't get a chance to use them.We had a room on the 10th floor, the view was pretty good - we could see the Hudson River in between buildings opposite. I guess higher floors have an even greater view.We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 18 2008 	Wonderful hotel great views	We stayed for 2 nights over a weekend at the end of August. The room rate was incredibly good, given the standard of this hotel: $219 a night for 2 adults plus 2 kids in a double queen room, pre-paid rate!I had requested a room on a higher floor, which , to my surprise and pleasure, we got. The room was amazingly clean and comfortable with ample space for the 4 of us.Probably the best thing was the view - or should I say views- right over to the Statue of Liberty. Plus, from the second window, my architect husband was equally thrilled to be able to follow the buidling site under construction just opposite (without the noise, of course, great soundproofing).For our girls, a major plus was the heated indoor pool, a real treat after a day's sightseeing - Battery Park is so close, we got on one of the first boats to Liberty/Ellis after just a 10/15 min walk. Century 21 is also nearby, as is Wall Street and only a block away you will find Ground Zero -we even took a photo looking down onto the site from the window by the hotel elevator. This hotel may be a little off the usual beaten tourist path for NYC, but the rest of Manhattan is just a short subway ride away, and to be honest, lower Manhattan near a weekend ( we stayed Thurs/ Fri) is refreshingly calm compared to non stop Times Square.The staff were ALL cheerful and very obliging ( special mention for the guy by the pool). The elevator renovation really didn't bother us, but then we were there as tourists, not on business as most of the hotel guests seem to be.We ate at Roy's on our first evening - excellent food, nice bar-like atmosphere, a bit pricey.Breakfast was from the in-hotel Starbucks ( how convenient can you get?) rather than the 'official' one , and you can even buy souvenirs from the hotel's gift shop if you are in a rush.Overall an excellent experience. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Sep 17 2008 	very nice place	This was a very nice hotel. The rooms are large for a NY hotel. The linens are fabulous. The lobby was pretty. The view was nice. One of the elevators was out of service but we didn't have to wait too long on any given day.	
Sep 9 2008 	More Than I Expected!	Not really a fan of Marriotts...only because of some of my former stays, but this was a class act! Excellent accomodations (spotlessly clean) with a great bed and view . Wonderful and very helpful staff. Area perfect for lower Manhattan sites and easy access via subway to other parts of NYC. Lots of restoration/revitalization in the area. Enjoyed a walk along the river in the morning with our coffee!	
Aug 29 2008 	Fantastic	I was delighted to find a deal on Expedia at such a reasonable price for this fantastic hotel. It was my first visit to New York and I had been looking forward to going so much, and I wanted everything to be just perfect so I would have loads of great memories and be happy that NYC lived up to its hype. I was so glad that we picked the Marriott Downtown as our hotel. We arrived on Boxing Day late at night. Everywhere was so quiet and I just put it down to the fact that it was Boxing Day and people were doing family things. But throughout our entire stay this location proved to be a very peaceful retreat despite being on a major road and one block from the World Trade Centre site. In a city as buzzing as New York, a quiet respite is a truly welcome thing. We were greeted by very friendly and welcoming desk staff on check in and quickly made friends with a very helpful and chirpy doorman who was so much fun to chat to. You could tell by talking to him (I believe his name was Sandy) that he loved the city he worked in and he gave us a spring in our step as we left the hotel to explore the city!Our rooms were plush and clean. The beds were SO comfortable and I found it hard to say goodbye to them. We reserved a standard room and had a decent view, we could see the Statue of Liberty and some of the immense skyscrapers of downtown. The turndown service was impecable and every day we had our bathroom restocked and the cleaning lady even folded our pyjamas! Despite being downtown and some distance from the hive of activity up in midtown, this hotel is only round the corner from Rector Street subway and like I said WTC is one block away with loads of access to uptown. That being said there's plenty to see and do in this neighbourhood too! Wall Street is only a few blocks away, the shops of Broadway even closer and why not take a ferry ride to Staten Island from the South Street Seaport to take in the views of the skyline. There's also the heliport for aerial views and you can catch a boat over to the Statue of Liberty from Battery Park. All of which are within a 15 minute walk from the hotel.I absolutely loved staying at the New York Marriott Downtown and wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, in a New York Minute!	
Aug 26 2008 	Great place to stay.	Recently stayed at the Marriot Downtown NYC for four days with my husband and two teenagers. We had a very good experience there and would consider staying there again. I got a great rate through Travelocity so that helped. The hotel is right next to the World Trade Center site and there is a lot of construction going on - but it didn't bother us at all. The exterior of the hotel is nothing special but the location is great - near a couple of subway stops, lots of little restaurants and stores (including Century 21 which is absolutely insane but worth it for designer clothes and handbags at about 1/2 the price). The room was small (normal for NYC), the hotel was very nice inside - a lovely stained glass light in the lobby, a Starbucks and Roys - apparently a great restaurant although we didn't go (it was a bit expensive). Front desk, bellmen and concierge were all very nice and helpful. They had chocolate fondue in the lobby one afternoon - it was a nice little treat. The only complaint I have is that there is sometimes a wait for the elevator - but nothing that would stop me from going there again.	
Aug 16 2008 	NIce stay	I booked this hotel with my airmiles and it was certainly worth it. The hotel is positioned well for sightseeing Battery Park,( ferries to Statue of Liberty , Statern Island ) South Street Sea Port, Ground Zero etc but a way to go for Times Square and Central Park. All was very clean, the beds were heavenly and there was enough room for all 4 adults. We had an amazing view just missing the Statue of Liberty. The bar served very nice cocktails and you had a choice of a restaurant or Starbucks inside the hotel if you wanted breakfast there. Otherwise there were lots of cafes and bars around about. We used the swimming pool which was clean, warm and a reasonable size. What really made the hotel however was their service- everyone wanted to help and they were all very pleasant. They were having problems with the lifts when we left and the bottled water was expensive in the room which is why I have given this 4 and not 5.	
Aug 14 2008 	Great location for neighborhood vibe	We have stayed in this property many times and on two occasions this summer. The location is downtown and the bike and walking paths with river views run for miles along the Hudson and begin in this area. It is a perfect spot to bond with the Statue of Liberty! We like the downtown area because it is quite and has a neighborhood feel. The hotel is close to Tribeca, the Meat Packing district and Soho. There is a large movie theatre just blocks away and many wonderful restaurants and the rest of NYC is only a cab ride or a subway ride away. The hotel has come a long way since it began it's renovation. The rooms are fully up to speed, but the elevators are a different story. They are being refurbished and in the mean time are extremely slow. The concierge was okay at best ( we live in Northern New Jersey and are in the city all the time, so for us it did not matter much). Hotel staff were just going through the motions and security did not seem to be around ( which on our last stay over a year ago very much was). The concierge lounge was very nice and breakfast was fine there. It was nice having a Starbucks inthe lobby. We would stay here again for the views and because we like the general area, but would like to see hotel management instill a &quot;can-do&quot; attitude with it's employees. We will wait until the elevator refurbishment is complete!	
Aug 13 2008 	Fair price for a great Manhattan hotel!	We booked this hotel as a last-minute thing for one night (extended trip for one day, stayed at the Millenium Hilton the other two nights). We paid for $299+tax/fee from the hotel's website, for a King regular room. It was running a special that the room rate includes a $50 Exxon gas card (1 per stay) which was very nice. We enjoyed our stay very much and will definitely go back.&gt; LOCATION – not that close to a lot of tourist spots, but is convenient for taxi and close to subways. Chinatown/SoHo are all within walk-able distance.&gt; CHECK-IN – very smooth, polite and professional. We waited in line for ~3min and check-in took ~2min.&gt; ROOM – nice sized room for the price, compare to other hotels I’ve stayed, especially for the bathroom; very clean and fresh, with all the typical amenities you’ll need; closet is a bit small but typical for a Manhattan hotel (it is actually a bit bigger than the Westin at Times Square). Bed is super comfy (seems like all hotels are upgrading their beds these days). See uploaded photos I took.&gt; VIEW – good view for a harbor-view room – you can see decent amount of the harbor and lady Liberty in the distance, but in between other surrounding buildings.&gt; SERVICE – superb! A hotel clerk offered the service elevator after we checked-in since 2 of the 3 main ones are being ‘modernized’ and he said we could wait for a while. He was very professional with everyone at each stop. We got a tray of cheese &amp; fruit as a welcoming gift shortly after we entered the room. The next morning a manager called just to tell us the weather forecast and to wish us a nice day. All these little touches do make a difference.&gt; OTHER NOTES: 1)Hotel entrance faces the north bound of West street which is a divided big street. If you take a taxi to the hotel on West street from the north, try to get off across the street and walk over, otherwise the taxi has to go down a lot further to make a U-turn. 2)It’s better to reserve a car pick-up service from the airports since it’s cheaper than taking a taxi (and more comfy) – ~$30 for LGA, $40-45 for JFK. They are flat rates for Manhattan (higher rate for going back to the airports).	
Jul 14 2008 	Great hotel affordable luxury.	This hotel was one of the few in Manhattan that was able to accomodate our requirements; a room for two adults and two teenagers and a pool. We were very pleased with the price and felt the hotel offered very good value for money.It was very clean and luxurious with extremely comfortable beds with lots of pillows. We loved the pool - the changing area provided everything you could think of eg. towels, hairdrier, body wash and shampoo. The staff were friendly and helpful; the concierge arranged for us to take a helicopter ride at a special time that suited us.We loved the breakfasts - all you can eat buffet being the highlight. The hotel is downtown,about a 10 minute subway ride from Times Square, but these are easy to negotiate and cheap and, of course, its very easy to get a cab. This means that you are very near Battery Park and virtually next door to Ground Zero. All in all, an excellent hotel, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and recommend it.	
Jul 13 2008 	great	The staff was great, and the room was better. We stayed for two nights. Only two blocks from the # 1 subway train. We had a great view fo the Hudson River and Ellis Island. I would stay again.	
Jul 12 2008 	Marriott "Downtrodden"	We all know that the location of this hotel meant it suffered in extremis on Sept 11 and the committment of the staff to keep the hotel operational in those dark days was deeply impressive.However, 7 years on, this Marriott is showing its age. The public areas are good with a cosy &quot;Cheers&quot; style bar and a good restaurant. However, the rooms are simply no longer good enough and need total rennovation.Given that it's not particulalry cheap, it will need to up its game substantially if it is to compete in the years ahead.Thankfully, there is a programme to renovate the rooms and you are strongly advised to check beforehand.The proximity to the WTC site is also unfortunate due to the construction and can be upsetting. It's also a long way from the cut and thrust of the city (even the financial district is a brisk walk) and one is heavily dependent on the west side highway. That said, we stayed there to demonstrate our committment to help regenerate that part of Manhattan.With so many good properties in Manhattanm we are likley to try our luck elsewhere for the time being.	
Jul 10 2008 	View of Lady Liberty on the 4th of July!	Stayed here overnight on July 4th to be in a convenient place to walk to the fireworks. This is a great hotel! I am a big Marriott fan and am so for a reason. I have yet to stay at a Marriott that has disappointed me. Location: I live in CT and have been to NYC many times. If you have never been, you may find the Marriott Marquis in a better &quot;touristy&quot; location, as it is smack dab in the middle of Times Square, but I wanted to be able to walk over to South Street Seaport to watch the fireworks. This hotel is a 5 minute walk to Battery Park where you catch the ferries to Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty. Its about a 10-15 minute walk to South Street Seaport, and around the corner from The Twin towers site (I get chocked up just writing those words). If you do drive in from CT (or anywhere in New England) follow the hotel directions and do the FDR, not the West Side Highway, much less traffic and easy. Hotel: I had read the reviews here before booking (I always do!) and knew that the elevators were slow, so I was prepared to wait. And as a matter of fact, it wasnt that bad and they are in the process of replaing them with high speed elevators! From the moment we pulled up to the hotel, we were greeted by one of the nicest Bellman that I have every met! (ps its $50 to valet your car for 24hours). He set the stage for all the staff that followed. Tennile was a sweetheart at the front desk. We asked for a room with a view of the Statue of liberty , she checked and was able to accomodate us! we stayed in room 3604-- awesome view!!! The room was clean, bright, flat screen TV, nice marble bathroom. Bed was definatley not the &quot;marriott bed&quot; but it was fine. We had a package that included breakfast for 2 in Roys Rest. off the lobby. It was a very nice buffet with all you could want! and the staff there just couldnt have been nicer!! there is also a real Starbucks attached to the hotel, so you can enter right thru the lobby. if you stay here, you cant go wrong!	
Jul 5 2008 	Easy location for all of Manhattan - Allowed 4 adults in room	This was one of the only hotels in Manhattan that allowed 4 adults in the room which was a huge cost savings for us! We got a good rate by staying over a holiday weekend, since this hotel caters to business travelers. Even though it is down at the south tip of manhattan, I found it to be very convenient to everything we wanted to do since it is close to 3 major subway lines. We saw a broadway show and then easily took the 1 Train directly from Times Square to Rector Street by the hotel - no changes. The rooms were comfortable and nicely decorated. Nice gym and pool. And a starbucks in the lobby - perfect!	
Jun 21 2008	Bittersweet stay at NY Downtown Marriott	Every February we look forward to a saturday evening in Chinatown in New York City to celebrate the Chinese New Year with our adopted daughter who is Chinese and several other adoptive families and their children. This year we were able to find a room at the downtown Marriott for $250 (room plus tax) and decided to stay overnight so we could catch the famous Chinese New Year parade on Sunday. Since we had to drop off my older daughter at Newark Airport on the way, I printed out the directions from the Marriott website. Unfortunately, the directions were incorrect, indicating that you should turn right onto Laight street after exiting the Holland Tunnel. Since we rarely drive into the city, I turned right onto Laight street and was promptly stopped by a cadre of police officers who were pulling one car after the other over and ticketing them for not going straight as the green arrows indicate. There is no sign indicating that a right hand turn is illegal. Shortly thereafter, we arrived at the Marriott - valet parking is the only way to go as it is $50 for the night. Our room was well appointed, comfortable and private. Yes elevators are slow. We took a quick 10 minute taxi ride to Chinatown to meet up with other families where we enjoyed a wonderful Chinese meal and then toured the endless row of stores and outdoor bazaars. We decided to take the 30 minute walk back to the hotel with another family and enjoyed the peacefulness of the area as well as the architecture. Since the hotel is very close to the ground zero, we stopped to observe the construction site of the memorial structure that is being built and comtemplate for a moment amid these peaceful and sacred ruins where so many lost their lives. The hotel has a wonderful indoor heated lap pool. While the discount on the room was a selling point for us, the first floor concessions are very expensive for families of modest means so on Sunday morning I walked several blocks to buy some affordable croissants and muffins. After returning home, I contacted the hotel's customer service to let them know that as a result of wrong directions from Newark Airport on their website, I was confused upon exiting the Holland Tunnel and ended up getting a traffic ticket. I was not expecting that they pay my fine but thought they might take some responsibility for the erroneous directions, e.g. correcting the directions on their website and maybe offerring a small credit for the inconvenience that we incurred. I did receive a verbal apology but the directions were never corrected and remain incorrect as of today, 6/21/08. I then wrote a letter to the CEO of Marriott and received the same response - a letter apologizing for the inconvenience but no remuneration of any kind and no change to the incorrect directions. If you decide to visit this Marriott, follow the Mapquest directions, not Marriott's!	
Jun 16 2008 	Wonderful Birthday Celebration!	My sister and I made plans to take my mother to NYC for the weekend to celebrate her 80th birthday. She wanted to see the Statue of Liberty, so we chose to stay at the Marriott Downtown. I booked a Friday and Saturday night stay for an amazing senior rate of $212 a night. We checked in an hour early and were given a corner room on the 35th floor with a view of the Statue (which would have been more expensive had we booked it that way online). While this hotel is clearly not in the center of all the action of NYC, it was perfect for us. The hotel is just a 5 minute walk to Battery Park and the Statue of Libetry ferry, and a 15 minute walk to South Street Seaport. It is a $15 - $20 cab ride to Times Square, and the subway station, Rector Street, is just around the corner. My 80 year old mother loved the subway, and we used it to shop for knock offs on Canal Street and to travel to and fromTimes Square in the day and at night.The concierges were very helpful and everyone at the front desk and the door were friendly and attentive. Requests for extra towels and ice for an injury were met promptly.We requested late check out on Sunday so that we could make the most of our day before catching our bus home, and were allowed to stay until 2 pm without charge. We had drinks at the hotel lounge, and had lunch there on Sunday. The food was surprisingly good. We had pizza and chicken sandwiches on focaccia bread, which were large enough to save half for the bus ride home.We had read about the inconvenience of the elevators, but did not experience any problems. The elevators were being updated and one of the 3 that traveled to our floor was out of service for our entire stay, but we still did not have to wait for an elevator for longer than 5 minutes.The only negative was that there was a lot of construction going on on the streets and buildings in the area. It was not noisy for us on the 35th floor, but it was hard to navigate for the taxis and somewhat for walking. I do a lot of research and planning for travel, and my high expectations were definitely met at this hotel.	
Jun 10 2008 	Great Hotel great location great view	We stayed at the Marriott from June 5th to June 9th, we got a wknd special 289 per night excellent value. Paid for a city view room and requested a harbour view if available, We got room 3613 full hudson river room view of ellis island and new jersey beautiful night view, rooms were newly renovated and very clean, housekeeping was excellent, check in staff excellent, front door man was excellent. ok elevators sucked they only had 4 working and at peek times was a bit of a wait, some people may not like location but seriously the subway station was around the corner and off you went to anywhere and anytime. will definately stay again.	
May 14 2008 	Fabulous view	Stayed two nights on a weekend at a reasonable rate for NYC. The rooms have been recently updated and have nice furnishings. It was a good size and clean. Our corner room had a great view of the Statue of Liberty and the Hudson River. The hotel is about 2 1/2 blocks from a subway to midtown. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Only two of the elevators were operating, so you had to wait a few minutes. However, that was the only negative regarding the hotel.	
May 14 2008 	Excellent Service and Rooms	We arrived at around noon and were greeted by Anna the front desk manager. She checked us in right away despite being so early (their check in time is 4 pm). She gave us a room with a view of the harbour and the Statue of Liberty. I know this is a room they can charge extra for, but she gave it to us anyway.The room was great and the view tremendous. They even have a Starbucks! They are in the midst of an elevator upfit, so the elevators were slow. The hotel is located at the southern tip of Manhattan where three major subway lines converge (1/2/3, 4/5/6 &amp; N/R/W). You therefore have have access to the east side, west side and central midtown within a short walk from the hotel.Excellent discount shopping is within a 5 minute walk (Century 21 and Sym's) and the financial district is at your finger tips. The Staten Island Ferry is also a quick walk away.When we checked out Anna recognized us and wished us a safe trip. We will definitely return to the New York Downtown Marriott.	
May 12 2008 	Great visit!	I just returned from an NYC weekend trip where we stayed at this hotel. It was a simply wonderful trip and a great hotel. The staff is outstandingly pleasant, the room was perfect, the bed was amazingly comfortable, and the amenities were first-class. The hotel is only a short cab ride away from Union Square, Times Square, etc. and the doorman makes getting a cab easy. I was on a lower level floor but still had a really neat view; my friends on upper floors had incredible views. I thought the hotel restaurant was a little pricey, but it IS New York City, after all, so that really came as no surprise - and there are very affordable little cafes all around within walking distance. Our only complaint was the elevators - especially to the higher floors, there was a long wait, and usually there was at least one elevator not in service. Didn't spoil the visit, though. I would certainly stay here again if I had business in the financial district or couldn't find an affordable hotel in Midtown.	
May 11 2008 	Staff is top notch!!	We received one of the newly refurbished rooms (I'm not sure they're all done yet) and it.When we checked in there was a huge group (and lots of kids), yet the staff stayed very polite, professional and helpful.The location is good (near 1 subway), but not great, otherwise I can't think of any other constructive feedback - the rooms, the service and staff were all wonderful - even when they were swamped.	
May 5 2008 	A fabulous city break	We stayed here for 2 nights with our two young daughters (2 and 5 months). I was a little worried prior to the trip as it's obvious this hotel is mainly inhabited by business travellers, as it is in the heart of the financial district. I didn't see another child in the hotel for the entire trip - but the staff and facilities were fantastic and we didn't struggle with the girls at all. Our room on the 27th floor had a double aspet view out over the water, and on our 1st night we were given complimentary access to the concierge lounge, which had a stunning view of the statue of liberty. Out room was fairly spacious and had two king sized beds, plus they'd added a cot for us (a real cot, not a travel cot which hotels often provide) We drove in to the city from Boston and the hotel was easy to find. We also had valet parking until 5.30pm the day we left, so the car was taken care of completely by the hotel. The hotel was a short stroll to Battery Park, which is where you pick up the Ellis Island ferry (big queues tho). It is also immediately next to Ground Zero and you could see the work going on from out of the elevator lobby windows. We took cabs into the centre of city, Times Square, Blue Circle ferry pier for trip around Manhatten, also to Broadway to the theatre. Grabbing a cab was easy as there are plenty around. Central Park is right over the other side of the city so that was the longest cab ride we took. I don't think this hotel would be right if you wanted to be more in the heart of the city, but that didn't bother us at all. As you'd imagine, 100% clean and excellent service. Friendly waiters at breakfast waived any charge for our toddler and just offered her the buffet without charge. Waitress on our last day also offered take away cartons for us to take whatever food we wanted to the journey - which was great. Front desk gave our children a bag of goodies, a lovely teddy, toys and activity bits too. I couldn't fault this hotel at all.	
May 4 2008 	Mixed review	My wife and I just stayed 2 nights at the Marriott Downtown for our anniversary. The check-in was smooth and friendly. My wife's parents sent us a large vase of flowers that was waiting for us at the front desk. I'm sure if we ASKED, they would've brought it up to our room for us (our hands were full with luggage). But, they could've offered.The room was a decent size - everything was clean and looked like it had been updated recently (nice flat screen TV, good bed linens). But, I found the bed VERY uncomfortable. It didn't bother my wife as much as it did me, but we both agreed it was beat-up and lumpy.Now, I don't hold this next complaint against the Marriott, but its worth mentioning. Our room was on the 15th (out of 35+) floor located on the West St/front side of the building, We had a late night Thursday, and come 6:30am Friday there was a cop blowing a whistle (directing traffic) right outside the hotel. That went on until 8:30-9am. From the 15th floor it was more annoying than loud. Paired with the bad mattress it was a bad night/morning for me.We had the breakfast buffet at Roy's (hotel restuarant). They had a little of everything. Great selection of fresh fruit. I wouldn't say the food was exceptionally good, but it was ok. Expensive ($25) but ok. We also had a quick bite at the 85th St. Cafe (also in the hotel). The food was pretty good, but the acoustic duo playing that night was painfully loud...and bad.The hotel is very close to the 1 subway line (about 3 small blocks). The R, W is one block further. And the 4, 5 isn't too far past that. The South St Seaport is about a 25 minute walk away. So overall, not really a bad place - just nothing exceptional. I wouldn't recommend it as an ideal location for tourists. But, if you can't get an affordable room mid-town, this isn't a bad option.	
May 3 2008 	Awesome	This was an awesome stay, everyone was friendly and the rooms were especially great. They were clean and we had an awesome view. I would definitely stay here again in a heartbeat. The beds were vvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeery comfy.	
Apr 25 2008 	A very good choice	We chose the location for an 8 year old's first trip to NYC. It was an easy walk to the Brooklyn Bridge, and an even easier walk to the Statue of Liberty ferry, and a nearby subway stop to take us everywhere else. We found good, moderately priced restaurants in the neighborhood as well. The room was a decent size for two adults and the 8 year old, and we found it very clean and well-appointed. The pool and workout area were an added bonus. The staff is superb! One very minor downside: the hotel seems to be a magnet for school groups, so the lobby and elevators can get noisy and crowded at times, but otherwise no complaints. A suggestion, if you're driving, go online and reserve a space in one of the Icon garages, www.iconparking.com, located just next door. It's a bit less expensive than the valet parking offered by the hotel.	
Apr 22 2008 	Disgusting. Enema Package in Drawer! Never Staying Here Again	I stayed at this hotel in January 2008 and I was highly disappointed. I actually booked the hotel due to the reviews from tripadvisor. Coming into the hotel, the lobby was very nice, but once I got into my room it was a different story. The room I stayed in was very worn. I never go barefoot in a hotel room and generally leave on socks, but in this case I actually left my shoes on at all times until I crawled into bed. The final straw for me was when I was searching for the remote control (that ended up being on top of the TV) I opened the drawer next to the bed and there was an ENEMA package still in the drawer. This brought two things in my mind. #1) the cleaning staff obviously does not clean the room inside and out after each guest and #2) SOMEONE who previously stayed in this SAME room did a freakin ENEMA, and obviously was so disgusting that they could not throw the package away. Needless to say I did not touch anything in the room after that. When I had to turn a light on or off I used a piece of kleenex. This is not what I expect when staying at such a &quot;nice 4 star hotel&quot; I don't know what kind of hotel some of the people who have given this hotel high reviews have stayed in, but finding an enema package in the drawer next to my bed was a deal breaker and I will never ever stay at this hotel again.Absolutely disgusting.	
Apr 21 2008 	Very Nice Hotel - Slightly Out of the Way	We stayed here for a weekend. Pretty much everything inside the hotel was extremely nice. Had a great view of Battery Park City and the Hudson River. Service was very professional, friendly bartender (expensive drinks). Good place for a romantic getaway. It is a little out of the way from the subway, but with walking distance of most downtown attractions (it is next to Ground Zero) including the South Street Seaport.	
Apr 20 2008 	Perfect!	All I can say is outstanding in EVERY way.I am a, very, very fussy traveler but was incredibly impressed with The Marriot DowntownThey went out of their way to make our stay perfect. Absolutely fantastic customer service.	
Apr 15 2008 	Very Nice Marriott Good Service Location Just Okay	I was very impressed by this Marriott. The rooms are newly renovated and the hotel is very nice. There's a Starbucks and Roy's in the lobby. The service was very accommodating and there's a nice workout facility (with an indoor pool). My only real complaint was the location. With all the construction at the WTC site, it was difficult to get around. If you have business in the financial district, this is a perfect location. If you're in NYC as a visitor to see the sites, it's a little cumbersome. All in all, I was very happy with the hotel -- it was probably the nicest Marriott that I've stayed at.	
Apr 12 2008 	Fantastic!!!	For my 30th birthday a few girlfriends and I went to New York City for an all girls weekend and stayed at the Marriott Downtown (formerly the called Marriott Financial Center).We loved everything about this property. Its a fantastic location for shopping and nightclubing (walking distance from Century 21 and the famous SOHO shopping districts). Its resonably priced (300 dollars per night cheaper then staying closer to Times Square). The beds were like sleeping in heaven!! They seriously were the most comfortable beds Ive ever slept in!! The rooms were a good size and the view was fantastic (nice veiw of the Statue of Liberty).We also ate at the reasturant on site called Roys. It too was excellent. The only part of the stay we didnt enjoy was the elevator ride. Not sure what but the elevators were running very slow and I think one of them was actually out of order.Nonetheless this hotel is a terrific value for staying in New York City. So if you want to go to New York and dont feel like spending 500 or 600 a night for a hotel room in the middle of it all, you can stay at this place for around 320 per night. Its only about a 10 min subway ride or a short cab ride from Times Square (its in all about 30 blocks away). Its much more economical and is still a luxurious hotel. A great value for the money!!!	
Apr 9 2008 	Nice Stay	We loved this hotel. The room had recently been remodelled and they did a great job. The hotel pool was fabulous. Not many hotels in New York have a pool, and this one has a great one. The locker room is amazing. There is a sauna and even a dryer for your bathing suit!We went to see the Statue of Liberty, so we spent some time in the financial district, however, the location might prohibit us from staying here in the future because it is a long subway ride up to midtown.We stayed here because we saw the rooms with the fabulous statue of liberty views on the website. We booked a bay view, room but had a loosy view. The hotel manager said they did not have any more rooms left with this view. They did however, adjust our rate accordinly. A bit disappointing. I am not sure they have that many rooms available that have the view of the statue shown on the website.	
Mar 24 2008 	Nice Hotel Wonderful Staff	We just returned from an overnight at the Marriott Downtown for a wedding. It was hard to navigate our way to the hotel because how downtown NYC is mapped out. Once we found the hotel, it was quite easy to go back and forth from the hotel. The service was friendly and willing to help in any way. Knowing we had to two people who were part of the wedding party, they offered us early check in. We were able to check in when we arrived. We had a corner room on the 34th floor. The room was bright and clean. We had beautiful views of uptown and Hudson River. Quite honestly, I was more impressed with the room than I was with the hotel itself. While the hotel was clean and bright - it just didn't stand out as much as the other places I had stayed in.The hotel is one block from Ground Zero, and several blocks away from Battery Park. Taxis are easy to get from the area. I suggest that before you park your car for $50. a day at the hotel - find out how much ICON Parking is, that is literally around the corner. Look at www.iconparking.com and find the one on West Street, the entrance is on Albany Street. Also, the elevators took a VERY long time, but that really is a concern everywhere, isn't it? If you call the front desk, they will bring up a service elevator for you to help keep your stress levels down! BTW - it was a GREAT wedding!	
Mar 12 2008 	Enjoyed the stay	Overall, I was impressed with this property. Bell man and front desk extremely helpful as far as activities to do in New York. Good location in the financial district. Only a block or so to the train that you can get anywhere on. My room had a great view, was on the end so had two full windows looking out with a slight view of the river. Great meeting rooms and wonderful food. Staff did everything they needed to make it a more pleasant stay, and the housekeeper was great!!	
Mar 11 2008 	Good hotel close to all transport links!	We arrived at the hotel about 7pm at night, the lobby was full, but check-in only took about 5 mins. Check-in staff were welcoming and friendly.We then went to the lifts.....and waited 10mins for one of the 3 lifts that went to floors 17+ to appear. There were another 15+ people waiting for these lifts.This occured throughtout the 4 night stay. The lifts are a joke! (it must be noted that the whole hotel is being renovated - including the lifts, scheduled completion date &quot;Spring&quot;).Maybe the lifts will improve once this is completed. Be warned until then!!!We arrived at our room on 31st floor, which was looking out to Liberty Island. FANTASTIC!The room was one of the recently re-modelled ones, great decor, think it had a 37&quot; LCD TV, nice bathroom, and extremely comfy beds.Never ate in the restaurants on site, but they seemed to be pretty busy every evening. Starbucks on site is convenient, but the staff are far from being happy in their jobs, in fact, it seemed like I was doing something wrong just by asking for a drink!!! NUFF SAIDHotel is located 5 mins walk from the World Trade Centre subway station which has links uptown. Other stations to Brooklyn etc are within a comfortable 10 mins.Took a taxi from La Guardia to the hotel and were ripped off well and truly. $45!! Traffic was not that bad, he just took us the long way around for the fun it. Try a limo - 7777 limo's charge $30 from the airport, $35 to the airport. (The hotel wanted $65 for the same journey!!!!!).All in all, it was great to stay downtown for a change, with the subway taking 10mins max to get to all the popular attractions aound midtown. The hotel met expectations.	
Feb 15 2008 	Poor	Room has a mini bar. Upon arrival I quickly downed a bottle. There was only one bottle of the liquor I enjoy inside the mini bar. I asked to have it restocked the next day, which never happned. I called to compalin that this was never done upon my request the prior day. Customer service stated that personnel who has access to refill this is gone for the evening. Overbilled for items inside mini bar as well. Had to get money refunded to my bill. As a Marriott Rewards member I expected better. I am now done with Marriott. This will be my final stay in any Marriott. I do not need the added stress dealing with poor customer service in a hotel of this caliber. Had poor experience in Detroit as well at their Marrriott at Ren-Cen (GM building). BOO!!!! NOT IMPRESSED :-(	
Feb 13 2008 	Get a new staff!	We checked in about 9 pm. We pulled up to unload, and the doorman wouldn't even get out of the way. The front desk staff finished their leisure conversation before deciding to make eye contact with us. We asked about available suites, and they said that they don't do that at the front desk, that's a billing question. What?! We're waiting in the lobby for the rest of our party and the maid starts vacuuming even though there are plenty of people heading out for the night who were waiting in the lobby as well. People are tripping over her cord, giving her dirty looks, and she just keeps on vacuuming. I found it extremely rude, and refused to move from my chair so she hits my foot with the vacuum!Nice lobby, nice room. Just make sure when you get there, check in as quick as possible and run straight up to your room.	
Feb 4 2008 	Smelly rooms and poor costumer service	I didn't like this hotel. We arrange trough their website our arrival at 11.00 Am and the room was ready at 4.00 PM. The staff was rude. The room smelly like dirty clothes, we are 4 and request extra towels and extra pillows, but never arrived in our room.Dirty bathroom, dirty towels, dirty room.For sure, never again.The location is so far from everything.	
Jan 31 2008	Location location location	This is a perfectly adequate business travel hotel with an unbeatable location for visitors to the Financial District. Easily accessible via the West Side Highway, it sits within walking distance not only of Wall Street and the WTC site but of every Manhattan subway line as well. The former is, of course, important for meetings- I much prefer a hotel within walking distance when I'm doing business- while the latter is crucial for the evenings. If you want to go out at night, you'll almost certainly be leaving the area.The hotel itself is not particularly remarkable but perfectly fine. Based on two recent visits, room quality can vary somewhat; on my first visit, I received an oddly-shaped low floor room with a view of a residentially building across the alley, while the second time I received a well-laid out, high-story room with a panoramic view of the WTC site. I understand the hotel is about to undergo renovations; hopefully that will lift this into the 5 of 5 category, but for now, its location coupled with comfortable enough, problem-free rooms makes it a solid 4 of 5.	
Jan 28 2008	Reasonable service nice lobby	Unlike the previous poster, I didn't get chocolates or a view of the harbour...my view was of an apartment building. However, all in all, not a bad experience. Staff was helpful when I had a couple of questions on different occasions, but I wouldn't describe them as particularly friendly (with the possible exception of the doormen). Beds were okay and the bathroom was spacious. A few of the same experiences as previous poster -- no kidding, my room did not have a closet...as a guy travelling alone, this was no big deal -- but I thought was very strange. Whatever they have been doing with elevators, they are still doing it...was a pile of stuff at landing the the 6th floor, anyway.	
Jan 27 2008 	A real 'pretty woman' hotel! Gorgeous!	This was the first of two hotels I stayed in whilst on my 30th birthday celebratory trip to New York. What an amazing feeling I got walking into the lobby of this hotel! From the bell staff to the receptionists, everyone greeted me with a big smile and such professional personal service - I was made to feel like the most important VIP in the world! An illusion of course, but what a wonderful fairytale! I don't know how they do it, but they make you feel like the only person in the hotel! Even when I called down for a wake up call, the lady on the other end said &quot;by the way - happy birthday!&quot; I spent the first three days of my holiday in New York in a daydream (then I moved to a hotel in midtown manhattan to be close to fifth avenue, I'd planned this in advance). The secret of this hotel is all in the attention to details... the box of chocolates handed to me as a gift to mark my 30th birthday upon check-in, the complimentary cheese and wine plateau delivered to my room on my last evening with a handwritten card thanking me for staying in the hotel, and wishing me a great rest of the holiday (I thought that was a very special touch, and added to the magic of that eveing!), the housekeeping manager - Larry, who came to check the work of the housekeeping staff when I had a (very small) problem with the bath one day - the response to my phone call was immediate, and he was a very warm, kind character and very proffesional, as were all the housekeeping staff - the room was not just beautifully clean, but they always had a smile for me in the mornings! This really adds the 'feel-good factor' to your day. And everytime I requested something, it was dealt with efficiently (and I am a very demanding guest!) And attention to detail in the rooms was amazing: the beautiful array of quality bath soaps and conditioners (bath and body works) and the gorgeously decorated bathroom, and of course the most gorgeous harbour view imaginable - statue of liberty, ellis island, brooklyn bridge, and if this wasn't enough, since I had been upgraded to a corner room I had a second window looking into downtown Manhattan (see photos - unfortunately, my mobile phone camera didn't do the views justice - the view from the harbour window was panoramic, and one photo couldn't convey anything close to the real beauty of these views). One word of warning though - the bed is sooooooo seriously comfortable, you won't want to leave it... and on the last day, I finally gave in, and I didn't - I stayed in it ALL DAY! Well, it was sunday, and this hotel is perfect for that lazy sunday feeling... And you can pamper yourself until the cows come home in this hotel too, no need to go anywhere else - there's a hotel massage service, a wonderful room service menu, in-room movies service (if the numerous channels aren't enough for you!), an evening turn down service (with two quality boxes of chocolates), a good size swimming pool and luxurious gym (with free ipod loan), free fruit and water all day, and plenty going on in the hotel - it has a magazine and goodies shop, starbucks, and two really friendly bar/restaurants to choose from (I tried out both and had two lovely nights out there, and as a single woman on my own I felt perfectly safe and welcome)... But to be honest, I spent most of my hours spent there lying in bed and watching the massive ships come in and out of harbour, and I nearly cried at the beauty of the most amazing sunsets over the harbour. A truly magical view. And to top it all off, you get the sense that the people that work here really care about their hotel as well. It feels like a grand boutique hotel, not a chain. The guys on the door have been working here for years and have great stories to tell. Dave is great - he's one of the security guards there, and a real New Yorker! He made me feel right at home! Each and every member of staff makes the effort to recognise you and give you a friendly greeting every day - as I say, you feel like a VIP of the hotel rather than just another guest. The breakfast is very good, though expensive, it is worth trying one day just for the hash browns and poached eggs (I'm missing them already!), though I have to say I didn't like the food in the restaurant 'Roys' in the evening very much - it's not bad, just a bit fancy-french style, fussy, and way over-hyped for the price. But the staff in the restaurant were so friendly and professional, I felt like I was paying for the service and ambiance as much as for the food, so I didn't resent paying so much. If you're looking for a special, romantic and memorable break in New York, this hotel is the perfect place! They really look after you - american style (it has to be seen to be believed - I've never experienced anything like it in Europe. Here you feel like a real client, that your custom is valued). It is great used as a base for visiting New York as well - there is not so much to do in the area, although there are beautiful harbour walks to be had, but soho's so close if you take a cab. The subway was too far away for me at night time - even though it felt like a safe place at night, I wouldn't have ventured off on my own anytime after 10pm, if it wasn't in a taxi. But this hotel is full of cinema-type New York fantasy and will bring something very special to any holiday. Yes, it's old, as some people have mentionned in their reviews, and is currently undergoing a make over, but the 'oldness' gave my room charm and history and was more 'antique' than 'worn', more 'elegant eldery gentleman' than 'tired old man', and certainly more 'nineteen fifties New York' than 'big modern and pretentiously flashy', and its age only adds to its grandeur, in my opinion. And I never had to wait for the lifts (and I was on the 34th floor!) All this, and I paid less than 200 usd per night (it's cheaper at weekends and at this time of year, and I booked early and got a pre-paid rate on the marriott website - but still, what a bargain)! I wanted to make my 30th birthday treat really special, and I certainly got what I came for! I have very fond memories of my stay in this hotel, and will treasure them fondly for many years to come. A truly magical experience in a wonderful hotel with staff that really care.	
Jan 22 2008 	New Year in New York!	This hotel was great for what we wanted it for - location. We didn't want to spend a fortune and just wanted a comfortable, clean base which would be situated in a good place so that we could explore New York. I have been to NYC before just before Christmas and I must say that on this occassion we came just before New Year and it was more enjoyable! The christmas shopping was not so hectic this time and although it was still busy the atmosphere was great. I would definitely suggest missing the christmas shopping and instead coming for the sales!! We did visit some of the tourists sites which were very busy but the hotel staff were great in recommending the best deals and the best ways to avoid the queues (special offers, different combo tickets etc). New Years Eve itself was amazing and there was nothing quite like being in Times Square when the ball drops!!! We got engaged which made it extra special but it was special enough just being there! The hotel was clean, service from the staff was good and we had no complaints. All in all a very pleasant &amp; enjoyable stay.	
Jan 16 2008 	It's alright	Typical Marriott, room service is good though. They're doing some work on the elevators, some delay, but not too much.	
Jan 9 2008	Very bad hotel	To start with, staff that welcomes us at the door was very rude and did not even attempt to open the car door. We thought our payment includes the breakfast, as the guy on the phone from the hotel told as so when we were making the reservation, but we found out that they were charcing extra 30 dollars. They tried to charge us for one more extra day of internet that we didnt use. Although the hotel is in `financial district` and claims tob e suitable for business, it does not even has wireless internet. If you want to stay connected you have to stay on the chair and hook up with the shortest cable I have ever seen. The staff at front desk is rude (except the lady working on 7th Jan morning) and not willing and able to help with directions (they give directions of a metro station that has been closed). Although, you have to check out at 11.00am and can only check in after 4.00 pm, we were waken up at 8.00am by the cleaning lady who wants to clean the room. The location is quite far away from real touristic areas and very very noisy as there are constructions everywhere. No available parking and hotel charges 50 dollars and you are not paying daily but in each time that you take and leave your car (In fact they tell you that once you leave it for a day you cant take it back unless you want to buy another 50 dollar).Finally, the room was one of the smallest I have ever seen. Within this price range one can definetely find a better place to stay. At least one with a better staff.	
Jan 4 2008 	Good Business Hotel	Stayed at the Marriott Financial Center for two nights to attend a conference. Nice clean rooms, average size. Not a lot of restaurants close to the hotel. Checked in at 7:00 pm after a long flight across the county, ate in the hotel bar with average menu. Being in the financial district you're not close to Time Square, Broadway or Rockefeller Center, about a 30 minute subway ride or $20 cab ride. If you have business in the financial district this is a nice hotel, close to Wall Street. If you’re their to sight see, try to stay mid-town or Time Square.	
Dec 13 2007	Downtown Upscale	Reliable Marriott-quality hotel. Helpful staff, and not inconvenient for SoHo, LIttle Italy, Chinatown, etc. Good pricing may be offset by transportation costs to travel uptown, unless you use public transit. Good value overall.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great Views OK Location	Stayed at this hotel because of Marriott Reward Points. Our stay was from Nov. 19-23, 2007. We have stayed in midtown for previous visits (and for the first three days of this visit), so have been spoiled by the convenience of that location. The closest subway to this hotel is 2 1/2 blocks away. We are used to it being right next door, so this was an adjustment. Also, at night there is not as much pedestrian traffic on the streets, so we didn't feel as comfortable walking around. We were able to get where we needed by taking the subway and making transfers, but it took a little more time. Overall, the hotel was good. Checkin was great. We arrived a little before 12:30 and were promptly checked into our room. Through Marriott's Virtual Concierge, which emails you for special requests prior to your visit, we requested foam pillows and a refrigerator in the room. The front desk said that they would be there, but they weren't. We had access to the Concierge Lounge which was nice, but very small compared to others I have used. Breakfast was good, as were the limited dessert items in the evening. The elevators in the hotel were slow to arrive, but fast when they finally did. We did experience a couple of problems with one getting stuck on a floor, but they had notified the guests that they were in the midst of maintenance on the elevators. We had a harbor view room which was amazing. We could see the Statue of Liberty an a piece of Ellis Island from our room. I would stay here again if I had the points to get it free, but if I am paying, I will be in midtown.	
Nov 12 2007 	We will stay in this hotel next trip.	We/ve stayed in several areas of the city before,but will return to the Marriott Financial Center again.The area is vibrant,full of optimism,safe and clean.The concierge(Goeffrey)showed us how to use the #1 line of the subway and we zipped around the city easily.Sunday morning we took a walk to Battery Park and went to a cultural festival.Trees,grass,familes,food,gorgeous views! Our room was on the 17th floor....could see Ellis Island,ferries...we'll be back!	
Nov 12 2007 	Can't fault it	We visited NYC at a peak time where all the hotels were charging a fortune. However The Marriot cost us the same as a 2/3 star would near Times Square. Although not close to the action the hotel is in a peaceful area near the Hudson River/Wall Street and Ground Zero. From our room you could see the Statue of Liberty. It's close to the tube - about 6 stops/20 mins from Times Square, Rockefeller Center and only a couple more to Central Park. You can walk to areas like SoHo and Greenwich Village in about half an hour anf the hotel is in a very safe area.The hotel itself is immaculate, the rooms were large and clean as were the other areas. 'Roys' downstairs does a great breakfast and all the staff were extremely helpful booking us reservations at top restaurants and letting us have a very late checkout for no extra cost.I looked at this site before booking and most of the reviews agree with mine. We could have booked at hotels such as The Milford Plaza, The Wellington and other big tourist hotels however I would say don't risk it - pay a little extra to be guaranteed a perfect stay in a very modern hotel where every room is perfect. This is especially the case if like us you are going to NY on a one-off trip.	
Nov 6 2007 	Nice accomodations near Ground Zero	I stayed here for a business meeting, and was very worried about its proximity to Ground Zero (the 9/11 World Trade Center site). It was no problem at all, save for the emotions ellicited whenever seeing that great gaping hole and thinking about all the lives that were destroyed. In fact, the location is excellent: very near to the subway, to lots or tourist attractions, and to the PATH train station (in case you need to go to NJ: its only $1.50 each way to Newark). The hotel itself has a small feel, the rooms are in good shape (not new, but not worn out either), and all of the staff were great. I highly recommend this place if you want a great NYC experience without paying the high prices they charge for similar rooms in Midtown.	
Oct 10 2007 	Wonderful!	Pricey during the week. Weekend stay good deals. Room service didn't get order right twice. I don't like mistakes when I am hungary. Finally ,when food arrived, it was good. Wallpaper falling off in some areas of room. Very quiet room. Locatednext to ground zero, a quiet place in a noisy city. I have been to Ground Zero twice 2002 and 2007,personally it is still overwheming.We requested a view room of the Staute of Liberty. Awesome!New Yorkers are super!	
Oct 9 2007	Nice Place With a Wonderful View	I spent at the NY Marriott Financial Center a couple of nights when rushed from SoBe to NYC for Justine Timberlake concert at Madison Square Garden. I decided to stay by the river in South Manhattan, and my choice wasn’t wrong. I’ve got no one word of critics on this hotel and can only numerate its positive sides. Its staffs are professional and friendly and their service is very good. It’s very well located on the West Street going along the Hudson River, near Battery Park, so this hotel got wonderful views of New York Harbor with Ellis and Liberty islands. Sounds good, yeah? It’s very close to subway station (“Rector Street”) at Trinity Place, so in some minutes you’re able to get any place of the city. A ride by cab from the hotel to somewhere around the 42nd street or back would cost near 15 bucks with tip.  It’s at walking distance (5-7 minutes) from the Broadway at Wall Street which is too convenient in case you’re on business trip.  Its neighborhood is very quiet and not overcrowded in comparison with the city center. It’s cheaper than the other Marriott hotels situated in the city center, but it provides customers with the same service. That means that the hotel got an appropriate price-quality ratio.Finally, it has the restaurant, indoor pool and gym, and there is a Starbucks café in the same building. The check in took only some moments and I got a standard Marriott’s room with all the necessary amenities, traditionally comfy king bed and a nice view of the Hudson River and Jersey City. Besides a nice buffet breakfast, my accommodation plan included free cruise tickets around NY harbor with stops on Liberty and Ellis islands, two day-long subway tickets and two flyers for free admission to all the museums in South Manhattan - nothing special but very pleasant.  After a quick check out, I caught a cab to the JFK – in a couple of minutes we crossed the East River through Brooklyn Bridge when rushed to Queens and got the airport very quickly (not wasting a lot of time in Manhattan’s traffic jams). Oh, that JFK! We spent two hours crawling for take off in a line of hundreds of aircrafts, but this is another story. All in all, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend anyone to stay at New York Marriott Financial Center.	
Oct 8 2007 	Amazing!!	Outstanding service!! My girlfriends and I took a weekend trip up to NYC and booked this hotel because it was the best deal. We got a great deal, a great room, and great service!! The concierge and bell hops all went out of their way to help us. The front desk staff was so friendly! There were a few problems, they checked us into a room that someone was still in, and in our room there was some water leaking in the bathroom. However, the good points out weighed those problems. I'm used to experiencing age discrimination because were all in our early 20s, but not once were they ever rude or uncaring. Customer service the way it should be!! Our room had an amazing view, and our bell hop let us in on the where to eat, and stories from working at the hotel for so many years. I HIGHLY recommend, and I hope to go back!	
Oct 7 2007 	Best Hotel For The Money In NYC	This is a great place to stay in NYC despite the out-of-the-way location. The room was large and comfortable and quiet and had all the usual Marriott amenities plus a terrific view of the harbor and the statue of liberty. (Although our window was a little dingy and could have used cleaning...) Comfortable beds, a large bathroom with great water pressure, comfortable chair for reading, good desk and plenty of lamps for reading. And the pool was great! It's lap pool that isn't grand, but is certainly large enough for lap swimming. It is very easy to get to mid town by hopping on the subway, which is a short walk from the hotel. Early check in and late check out was no problem. Everybody on the staff was friendly and well-informed. I'm planning to stay here often.	
Sep 24 2007 	EXCEPTIONAL Service!!!	Hello,My sister and I recently treated my mom to a weekend in NYC in celebration of her 50th birthday. The employees at the NY Marriott Financial Center went above and beyond to make our weekend in NYC extraordinary. The beds were extremely comfortable and the hotel was clean. We ordered pizza on Saturday night and hotel security escorted them to the room. It definitely made us feel safe! The hotel is close to the Rector St subway station (two blocks). I DEFINITELY recommend this hotel!!	
Sep 17 2007 	Great Stay	Great service, fantastic bed and nice room. Two blocks from the Rector Street subway station and Battery Park.	
Aug 24 2007 	Still LOVE this hotel!	I'm shocked that the last review of this hotel was mine 2 years ago! Well, since it's been a while, I'll chime in again. I stay here every year for a conference, and it gets better each time. I'm not sure if it's the fact that it's next door to Ground Zero, and it gives me time to reflect on that day, but I really like being there. The hotel lobby is classy as ever, staff is very friendly, and the food at both restaurants is very good. Location is right in the heart of the Financial District, and walking distance to the Village, and Chinatown (Many cabs won’t drive you to Chinatown from the hotel because of the grid lock). It's also a nice walk to the boardwalk where you can see the Statue of Liberty and the Jersey shore. If there wasn't a new building in the way, I'd be able to see the Statue from my room. I just really like this area, as it's now very calm and quiet for NY. The rooms are not huge, but they're big enough, and the beds are comfortable. Bathroom is clean, and for the cost, it's well worth staying here. Never any issues with the hotel being unclean or anything like that. I love this place because it's trustworthy.	
Aug 10 2007 	Extremely comfortable!	Comfortable beds - probably the most comfortable I've slept in in a hotel. Clean and neat and well-equipped: coffeemaker, room fridge, room safe, iron and ironing board. Nice big clean bathroom. Very quiet room. Nice television with cable. Ice bucket and for once, the hotel provides the can opener.  Excellent location. The subway station is right around the corner. Take the #1 uptown and you are everywhere.  Walked a few blocks to Tribeca and had dinner at the Tribeca Grill. Delicious. Stopped at a grocery store in Tribeca and stocked up on soda for the room. I'd love to spend an entire week in this hotel and see a lot more of New York. I recommend it to anyone who likes to relax in comfort at the end of a day of trekking all over the city!	
Aug 8 2007	good hotel	A good hotel close to ferry area to Staten Island, Wall street and Twin tower site but if you want to visit central park, Fifth Ave, Broadway or museums, stay closer into the city area as too far to walk to these attractions. Our bus tour left from here that is why we stayed there for one night. The hotel was good. Staff friendly and helpful and the restaurants in the hotel were good value. We went to the bar area and had a meal and they make the best and I mean the best pizza I have ever eaten. The rooms are a good size and have good views. There was no ber fridge in the room so you had to go to the ice machine to keep your drinks or water cold, that was the only problem we encounted, but a lot of American hotels were the same, not like here in Australia where nearly all hotels inlude bar fridges.	
Aug 6 2007 	Recharged at Battery Park Marriott	Stayed for three nights in early August. Hotel is perfectly located to subway, shopping, dining, and historical site seeing in the financial district. Room was very clean and we had a great view. Bed was comfy and bathroom quite adequate/clean. We booked a parking/breakfast included deal which was a great value. Breakfast buffet was excellent quality with so many choices. It's nice that they have an indoor pool but was loaded with kids and water was too hot to swim in summer. Gym looked adequate. We ate dinner one night at Roy's restaurant which is located downstairs in the hotel. Food was actually very good although service was off and it is a bit expensive overall. We plan to stay at this Marriott in the future.	
Jul 17 2007 	Clean Comfortable Rooms at the Marriott	We only stayed 1 night in New York City but we lucked out when we booked this hotel. We didn't have much time to plan this trip but I had heard so many horror stories about small rooms and vile conditions that I wasn't even looking forward to spending the night in the city.For our family of 4, we needed a room with 2 double (or queen) beds but I found that was hard to find in NYC because many affordable hotels offered 2 twin or 1 double - otherwise you'd have to pay for 2 rooms. We came across the Marriott Financial Center on Expedia.com and they offered an Internet special with 2 double beds. Marriott was a name we could trust and the location looked good so I booked it on-line.The hotel was great and the room was very very clean, everything looked like it was new and the beds were extremely comfortable. Our room had very pretty views of the Hudson River. The Bellman were friendly and helpful in getting us cabs and giving us information.Be prepared that the hotel is located very close to &quot;Ground Zero&quot;. Due to construction, the sidewalks are closed on the hotel side of the street but there are walking bridges to get across busy West Street. Take advantage of the walking areas along the Hudson River that run down to Battery Park, it's a very pretty walk with lots of benches for relaxing.	
Jun 26 2007 	Very comfortable 	First time at this location. It was very professional. Very clean. The beds were comfortable. GREAT views of the harbor. It's in walking distance to 2 subway lines (and the amazing discount dept. store, Century 21). There's a Roy's restaurant and Starbucks off the lobby. I highly recommend this hotel for your next stay in NYC. Only drawback is that there's a lot of construction going on around this hotel since 9/11.	
Jun 14 2007 	Most excellent stay awesome staff great location!!	As a family and a tad nevous about visiting the &quot;big City,&quot; the Marriott Financial District was an excellent choice!!!! It offered a very quiet, very warm welcome each evening, away from the busy days of touring the city. We were met w/ candles and fresh lemonade in the lobby and staff to greet you, each evening. Great to sit in the bar, 85 West and relax with a drink.Across the street, and 3 blks ahead, you can walk the Battery Park Promanade and relax in a cafe along the waterfront and watch the sunset. (Also great for my husband to run along each morning! ) Excellent staff, all needs were met. And we were given a fabulous corner room on the 37th floor with views of Hudson River and WTC. Pool was nice, although a tad warm.Great advise from staff for local breakfast: George's, and not far to an excellent Tribeca Sunday breakfast :Bubby's. Dinner and a sunset along Promenade: Steamers and local deli across from WTC and next to a very moving, Tribute WTC9/11 Visitors center and NYFD Ladder 10 .Easy access to subway within 2 blocks, Trinity Station.Will definitely stay here again!!!	
Jun 7 2007 	Great Location	This was the third time I've stayed at this property. It is conveniently located close to the financial centers. I also liked the fact that all the subway lines to anywhere in the city are located within a four block walk. The room was very clean with a comfortable bed. The bathroom is not anything over the top. Plenty of exercise equipment (weight machine sub-par) and a pool. You are a three blocks from the walkway along the Hudson in Battery Park. In pleasant weather this is a great place to go and unwind. This is a good value given the location.	
May 28 2007 	Fine if undistinguished	This hotel is in a good location- lots of subway lines nearby. And it's close to Century 21 discount department store. Rooms are large and well appointed. Concierge gave me the wrong information about the cost of a cab back to JFK- it's not a fixed fee going out- and i queried that, but she insisted.But they let me have a late check out without charge which was good.	
May 18 2007 	Nice hotel nice location	We spent Xmas and New Year in this hotel. We liked the room very much, it was clean and comfortable, nice smell (and it is very important for me as I am a non smoker). The heather was working fine and it has the most comfortable beds I had ever been. :) The hotel is in a nice location next to the subway and it is a quiet place at night so you can sleep.I disliked the dirty windows and it is a real pity because of the nice view you have from the room.We had another problem with the bill, they charged meals in their restaurants we never had!! :( I wish I would... jajajaja instead of a pizza outside the hotel.About the renewing works outside, we didn´t suffer them because most of the workable time we were out the hotel visiting places.The bathroom was clean and hot water all day long. And the courtesy (shampoo, conditioner, cream, etc..) were enough and of a very good quality. One nice thing you will find for every woman is the hair dryer, it is a real one to dry hair and not to feel a simple breeze.The free coffee and tea at the room was a nice touch, we enjoyed it very much specially on winter.This is a hotel I would go back.	
May 4 2007 	Great Hotel	Stayed at this hotel 4/19/07-4/23/07. Check in was great, arrived at hotel at 8am and was given early check in. Concierge desk was helpful each and every time we had a question or needed directions. Hotel restuarant ( roy's) was good, a little pricy but food was good and drinks were great. Hotel is in the heart of the downtown financial center and a few blocks from ground zero. Hotel is close to a few subways so getting around is no problem. You can also hail a cab easily from the entrance. I would very much stay there again when I come back to NY.Hotel is about a 20 minute ride to Central Park or Times Square or 40 minutes to harlem or anyplace in that directon. So Ho village is walking distance if you don't mind walking 15 blocks... its a great way to see the city.	
Apr 17 2007 	Marriott's aren't what they use to be...	In December 2006 I booked a room with two beds for a family of four from Travelocity for three days over Easter break. Upon arriving, I was told that the hotel was full and that they only had rooms with king size beds available. They offered to give us a single rollaway bed and extra bedding for the 4th person to sleep on the ground. They indicated that because the hotel was booked through Travelocity, they weren't notified that we had requested a room with two beds, nor were they able to give a refund. This I found to be ridicules as why am I given the option on Travelocity’s website for room selection, yet Travelocity, one of the top travel sites on the internet doesn't give this data to the hotel?? Come on...After about 20 minutes of arguing with the front desk staff and manager, they offered to put us on a list for another rollaway bed for the night and comp'ed our breakfast the next day ($20 buffet?? NY is $$) and changed our room to a double the next day.I found both rooms that I was in to be less than what I was expecting a Marriott to be. The rooms were dated, AC/heater required you to use ear plugs because it was so loud, the wall paper in the bathroom looked like it was from the 1980's and was peeling off the wall in some places, plus we had a nice selection of mold around the crown molding. The price for this hotel was nice, but don't think for one minute (like I did) that because it's a Marriott you know it's going to be nice. Also, as the other reviewer said before this one to make sure you call in advance to ensure that you're getting the room that you had booked and not told &quot;so sorry&quot; when you check in.	
Apr 8 2007 	Not what we expected	In November 2006, we booked two rooms for 2 nights during Easter break. We booked for a family of four and for a family of three. Upon arrival, we were informed that there were only rooms available with 1 king bed. They would add a rollaway bed to the room, but that would still only provide room for 3 people.The front desk manager tried to find a double bed-room in a different hotel; as it was Easter weekend, nothing was available in Manhattan. We were offered the room for free, and as we did not want to go home and spoil the visit for the other family (their first visit to United States), we accepted. The person on the rollaway had a good night sleep, the 3 others (in 1 king! ) did hardly get any sleep.... we were all exhausted! In my opinion, they should have offered the room for free and also a free stay award! I learned my lesson: If I stay in a Marriott again, I will check before departure to make sure we will get what we asked for.	
Mar 26 2007 	Nice Affordable Hotel	We just returned from a 3-night, weekend stay at the Marriott Financial Center. Overall, we had a good experience with our family of four, which includes two small boys ages 4 &amp; 5.We booked directly through Marriott’s reservation service (we participate in the Marriott Rewards program) and requested an upper floor room with a view of the Statue of Liberty and an early check-in. Our check-in around noon on a Thursday was extremely quick and our requests were accommodated. The room was clean and a decent size for NYC with an in-room safe, mini-bar, hair dryer, clothes iron &amp; board, small desk, and comfy chair with ottoman. There is a charge for Internet access. The two beds in the room were double not queen size, so they were cramped to share with another. However, the beds themselves, pillows and linens were very comfortable. The bathroom lighting was TERRIBLE! but toiletries and plenty of towels were provided. We had no problems with the elevators or noise from the outside construction.Housekeeping and room service were pleasant and very responsive to our requests. However, the concierge left a little to be desired. Responses to our inquires were vague at best. They did not seem enthusiastic to help us make our sons’ first trip to NYC and our oldest son’s birthday (being celebrated during our stay and the reason for our trip) a memorable experience.Our Sunday morning check-out did not go as smoothly as our check-in. The valet was prompt in retrieving our car from the garage. However, after a 10-20 minute wait for the bell hop to pick up our luggage from our room, we decided to make a couple of trips down to the lobby with the luggage ourselves.We must agree that the location of the Marriot Financial Center is not the best for tourists, but since it caters to business travelers, weekend rates can be very reasonable.As a side note, I would encourage any visitor to NYC to contact the Big Apple Greeters. We had a wonderful day with one of the volunteers and would highly recommend it! For further information; [-]	
Mar 1 2007 	ok but only stay there is you really need to be downtown	This hotel is right next to the World Trade Center site. My room was on the 36th floor with a view of the re-construction. My advice would be to ask if you have a view, and if you don't want to see that (I honestly did not) then ask to move. The rooms are ok (not large, but average for New York). Lighting in the room was not adequate for working on your pc., The elevators are very slow. The workout room is nothing special. if you can stay in mid-town, there are much better options for food/services.	
Feb 28 2007	Excellent Service and Hotel!	Excellent hotel &amp; service. Beautiful rooms, very clean and quiet. Nice location.	
Feb 18 2007 	Great experience	Stayed at this hotel while vacationing in NYC. Location is a mixed bag as there can be some construction noise from Ground Zero, but it didn't bother us.Check in (early) was easy. Our room was a large corner room with a partial view of Ground Zero and the Hudson River. Beds and pillows were very comfortable. We didn't experience any elevator problems, but I'm not sure how full the hotel was. The hotel is convenient to Wall Street and Battery Park. We walked to both as well as Southport one morning with no problems inspite of the hot, humid weather. There is a nice Greek restaurant a couple of blocks away and an Irish pub with good food even closer. We didn't try Roy's as the prices were pretty high, even for NYC. There is a popular discount clothing store (Century 21) a five minute walk away.The theater distict is a $15 taxi ride away. We had no problems getting a taxi at the hotel, but finding one after the shows let out can be tough. If you walk east on any westbound street in the theater district, you can catch a taxi returning from runs to hotels on the east side of town. We also used taxis to get to/from Canal Street, SOHO and the Village. You can access the subway system one block away, although we didn't try that system.Valet parking was friendly and efficient.	
Feb 15 2007	Friendly service	I had to write because we were so impressed with how things were handled in such a professional and friendly manner. The employess have been there a long time and seem very dedicated to the comfort of your stay. We had a great room overlooking the Hudson River but it does depend on what side of the hotel you stay as far as the speed of elevators and views. The rooms were very comfortable and quiet. We would love to go back.	
Feb 11 2007	Very Very Nice Hotel for New York	We stayed at this Hotel for New Years Eve &amp; it was a Very Nice Hotel! I've been to New York before &amp; the Hotel we stayed at was nothing compared to this one! I always feel weird about sleeping in a Hotel bed since I'm not sure how clean it may be but the sheets on this bed were so white, soft &amp; comfortable, that I had no problems falling asleep. The Bathroom was super clean. I didn't feel uncomfortable being in the Bathtub at all. The Service was good. One of the nice things is that they have a Starbucks connected to the Hotel. How great is that?! The location is great, since it's a Block away from the World Trade Center site. It's also walking distance to Battery Park where you can take a Ferry to the Statue of Liberty. The subway isn't far at all either in case you want to take it down to Times Square. The Price wasn't that bad either. Over all, I would definately stay at this Hotel again.	
Jan 20 2007 	A few problems	We went back to this Marriott as we had stayed a few years earlier on business and had found it to be a clean, reliable hotel (as most Marriotts are). Unfortunately our trip was disrupted by having to change rooms 3 times. The room allocated to us on arrived was absolutely thick with dust. TV, window sills, curtains all absolutely grey. Surely US vacuum cleaners have a nozzle to do the skirting areas! We were given another room and all seemed OK , albeit a bit less dusty than the other, until we got into bed that night. The smell of cigarettes on the duvet was disgusting - bear in mind that Marriott now advertise that all their hotels in the US are non-smoking. Why on earth did they not invest in new bedding when this rule was introduced? The room was changed the day after and we were back to the thick dust again. To be fair, there seems to be a great deal of work happening to the outside of the hotel, with scaffolding etc. but surely better housekeeping could compensate for this. This used to be a really smart hotel but I would avoid for the time being until the work has been completed and the place cleaned up.	
Jan 20 2007	Decent Marriott Slow Elevators	This is a pretty decent hotel. The rooms are large for Manhattan, and were clean and comfortable. The location on West Street isn't great, but it's lower Manhattan so everything is close anyway.The elevators were brutally slow. I waited about 15 minutes in the morning waiting.	
Jan 3 2007 	I aged waiting for the elevators	I booked the Marriott Financial Center (I'm a Marriott Card Holder) and we tried lower Manhattan this time. The hotel was very typical of a Marriott, nice, clean and a few restaurants attached, which I like. The only problem we encountered is the elevators were so slow and full, seriously we waited about 15-20 minutes to get one. But don't blame the Marriott, it was a Sat. morning around 9:00 and people were checking in and out, so everyone was waiting for elevators on each and every floor. I think the Marrriott bellhops should have separate elevators to bring luggage up/down. Do you have any idea how much room those carts take up? I'm sure that would just be a gazillion dollars to add a separate elevator - but hey it's worth mentioning.Both restaurants in hotel are pretty good, we had an appetizer in the Hawaiian one and the other one we had coffee and dessert in both nights. The pool was nice too but I wish they had a jacuzzi. Man, I just want it all, don't I?Yes, I would stay here again if I wanted to stay in the lower Manhatttan area. Although our preffrence is the Marriott Marquis!	
Dec 29 2006 	Decent Business hotel in the heart of the financial district	I stayed at the Marriott, New York Financial Center from 8/22/06 to 8/25/06. The best part of the hotel is its location. Right in the heart of the financial district and opposite the World Financial Center. The rooms are strictly okay, appears old. The lobby is small. They have a Starbucks in the hotel. Cabs were easily available, and there is public parking behind the hotel. The closest Subway Station is the Rector St station on line &quot;1&quot;. The other convenient subway station is &quot;R or &quot;W line station at Rector St and Trinity Place. The stations are couple of blocks from the rear entrance of the hotel. I also had breakfast and one dinner at a small, charming bistro called George's &amp; Sons at 89 Greenwich St, minutes from the hotel and close to &quot;R-W&quot; subway station at Rector St. Good cooking, prepared fresh.	
Dec 29 2006 	Nice hotel but beware the drilling	We booked a xmas stay here based on the good reviews I had seen. Hotel is nice but they have just started building work on the outside of the building. What that means is the constant sound of drilling from 9-5. Even worse on our arrival day when there was no water in the rooms - it had been turned off due to the work. The staff were excellent and tried to help us by moving us to a higher room, sadly the next day the work started on the higher floors so we were no better off. What was bad was Marriott not warning guest about the noise and work. No email or warning on their website (staff had asked for this). We checked out after a day as it was too much. To be fair they were excellent and moved us uptown to a brilliant Courtyard on 3rd Ave. So it is a nice hotel and staff were excellent but check to see how the drilling is going - it is very noisy.	
Dec 11 2006 	Marriott was the Marriott (of course its not the Ritz)!!	I am a huge fan of this website. I was very surprised to see a reviewer compare this hotel to the Ritz Carlton. Although Marriott owns Ritz Carlton they have their own style and cater to differ clients.This Marriott was a Marriott (of course its not the Ritz)!! This was a signature Marriott hotel in every way. It did have the lovely new beds!! My partner and I took my parents for an early Christmas gift for a trip to NYC. Our room had a great view of the Statue of Liberty and was close to several subway stops.The service was great! Roy's was wonderful for breakfast and also for lunch. There are SEVERAL close by places to grab a bit and corner stores to pick up bottled water, etc.It was the largest room we have ever had in NYC. It was quiet and never felt crowded.My only small complaint was that the elevators were slow. We will make another trip back in the near future.MichaelArlington, VA	
Nov 26 2006	Nice hotel	Nice hotel. We got a corner room, which was really huge. Staff was nice and facilities like free in room coffee maker / coffee made the stay very pleasant. Room/bathroom was neat and clean. Would stay there again.	
Nov 1 2006 	My second fantastic stay	My partner and I have just returned from our second stay at this hotel. We loved every moment of it. The staff were supremely professional, courteous and helpful. Our room was on the 19th floor and had a nice view over the Hudson River and Ellis Island although the Statue of Liberty was obscured by another building.The room was a typical Marriott - clean and spacious. The bed was really comfortable and the bathroom stocked with Bath &amp; Body Works products.We used room service once. We ordered breakfast on our first morning there - it arrived exactly as we ordered and bang on time. We also drank in the bar a couple of times, which had a nice atmosphere to it.The nearest subway station, Rector Street, is just around the back of the hotel, about 1 block away. We were made aware that the 1 train would not be running over the weekend and that we should enter the station another block back and use the R or W train instead. This presented no problems whatsoever.We were also advised that some exterior work was being carried out on the building during the day but, as we were out being tourists, we didn't see or hear anything.A wonderful hotel in a great location - I can't wait to return.	
Oct 26 2006 	Nice hotel	Although I wasn't pleased with the location of the room they initially offered, polite insistence got me a much nicer room with an excellent view of New York harbor. The room was fairly small, but more than sufficient for my needs as a single business traveler. The bed was quite comfortable. I would definitely consider staying there again, even if I were coming to New York as a tourist. Sure, it's farther from most tourist attractions, but still only a short subway ride away. And although the area is pretty dead at night, that provides some of the peace and quiet that is so hard to find in Manhattan. The nearby Millenium Hotel is in what looked to me an even quieter, though less scenic, location.	
Sep 25 2006 	Pretty Nice	This is a very nice hotel. Staff is very professional, and I was actually able to check-in early. My room had a wonderful view of the Statue of Liberty. The room was very clean, not very big. Bed was extremely comfortable, and the marble bathroom is quite nice. I asked the front desk for a dinner recommendation and they whipped out a map and marked some spots on it for me to try. Overall, I enjoyed my experience here.	
Sep 19 2006 	Half as nice as the Ritz Carlton Battery Park	We spent four nights in New York - two at this Marriott, and two at the Ritz Carlton Battery Park just down the street. We paid the same rate for a harbor view room at both hotels but the Ritz Carlton was, hands down, twice as nice. The Marriott, while livable, is an old hotel with small rooms and visible black mold peeking out from behind the crown moulding and the wallpaper. It was also very understaffed, with one bellhop to handle hordes of arriving and departing guests. The Ritz Carlton, on the other hand, is a new hotel with beautifully appointed rooms and outstanding service. So, if you're looking to stay downtown, I would only recommend the Marriott over the Ritz Carlton if the rate were half as much. Anything higher than that and I would suggest that you should just head to the Ritz where you will have a far more enjoyable stay!	
Sep 18 2006 	Unlike a NYC hotel	Large rooms, comfortable beds, quiet A/C unit, great views ,local markets and ma&amp;pa eateries nearby made this an exceptional value. The only negative was that the trains don't run on weekends because of local construction, so you have to hoof it alittle, and the Starbucks on the property don't take Starbuck cards. Roys on the Labor Day weekend was OK.	
Sep 4 2006 	Great location your escape from the City	This is a great hotel located very close to Ground Zero. Marriott have managed to bring this hotel back to life and it offers a part of the City with lots of greenery and fresh air. The bedrooms in the hotel were large with great views over the Statue of Liberty and they had the most comfortable beds. Great hotel for leisure or business. I will defintely stay there again.	
Sep 3 2006	Great for new york	We have just returned from a week at the Marriott. The hotel is above average and the service is alright. The A/C didn't work very well, so it was either always on or off. The rooms were OK but smelled musty. The bathroom needed some paint.Great location and good staff. A very quite part of town. right next to the 9/11 sight.Very close to Battery Park. The R, W and 1 subway are a block away.	
Aug 24 2006 	Unexpectedly Terrific	I stayed for 3 nights at the Marriott Financial Center for a mini family vacation Aug. 18-21. I had travelled to NYC a few times before for business with never a great experience ... rooms in the city always seem tiny, dated, poorly serviced and over-priced. Because of this, I was exceptionally worried about this trip because my wife and kids' standards tend to be somewhat high - e.g., in Orlando, my family insists on the Loews Royal Pacific. Now while the Marriott isn't the Royal Pacific, I can tell you our stay got top marks from a pretty picky bunch. First, the hotel was gracious and accurate in meeting our requests, from having a rollaway already in the room upon check-in to the view of the Hudson River (see photo from our room of Ellis Island - a great view to wake up to every morning!). The room itself was a decent size and far from cramped. The bedding was well liked. The property is clean and immacute ... no NYC musty smells or frayed carpets here - even the hair dryer was top notch (a usual weakness at most hotels). Front desk was professional but not gushingly friendly, but the chamber maids were always ready with a smile and pleasant &quot;hello&quot;. Roy's, the hotel restaurant, delivers a very nice $20 breakfast buffet and the $13 apple and macadamia nut French Toast from the menu was gigantic and out of this world! We lucked out with a weekend package that included breakfast and parking, but this didn't necessarily taint our view of the restaurant's food quality and service. Finally, the location ... will never stay in midtown again. The downtown location allowed for a great night's sleep without the typical NYC street noise and sirens. The Marriott is 2 short blocks away from the Rector subway station on the R/W, which connected us easily to every sight we ended up visiting.This hotel is not reviewed by any of the guidebooks that I researched but should not go unconsidered!	
Aug 24 2006 	Better than most NY hotels some bad service though	Stayed there this weekend just passed and generally was very impressed with the hotel - I loved the location, the bed was out of this world. However we arrived at 3pm on Saturday to be told our room was not ready and told to come back at 4pm. The receptionist was rude and unhelpful. We came back at 5pm and it still wasn't ready, however another receptionist was much more helpful this time and gave us a room. View was fantastic over the Hudson and NJ and you get much more feeling of space staying this end of Manhattan. Asked Concierge to book us a car to the airport on the last day - he did and advised price - I kept just enough cash. I confirmed airport, terminal and airline to him (for flight to London). Car turns up next day saying La Guardia had been booked, rather than JFK where we were going. I only had enough cash for La Guardia! So be careful if doing that. The room was a bit Laura Ashley mid 1980's in design but the bed was simply FANTASTIC - one of the most comfy beds I'd ever slept in and we had 8 pillows. I would stay there again. Wish the service would improve a bit. Oh, we left room at 10.30am one day and came back at 2pm to find our room had still not been serviced. Went out again and came back at 5pm to find the maid just starting. So that was a bit poor in my opinion. Fantastic to have a Starbucks in the building though on the ground floor!	
Aug 21 2006 	Great Place For Families	We are a family of 4 - 2 kids 12 and 13. We chose the hotel based on location (near WTC where we stayed 3 weeks before 9/11 at the Millenium Hilton) and because I knew this business hotel would have a nice rate for the weekend. For $225, we got a beautiful room with a view of Lady Liberty, breakfast and parking. Let's start with the room. This was as comfortable a room as we have experienced in a long time. The beds were top, top quality. The mattresses were amazing - you just sink into them. The pillows and linens were what I would buy for my home. There was enough room for four of us, including two beds and a rollaway, plus room to move around. The free bottled water was a nice touch. The bathroom made my wife gasp - very large. The breakfast buffet cannot be described without gushing. Included with our package, it was almost worth the $70 we would have paid had it been separate. Pastry, eggs and omlettes any style, French toast, amazing pork sausage and pepper bacon, fresh fruit salad, great coffee, fresh juices...the kids made sure they had plenty of energy when we left in the morning.The location isn't central. If you've ever stayed in mid-town, you know that's a good thing. It's a quiet area on the weekends, an an easy subway ride or $8 taxi trip to 42nd St, and convenient to Battery Park where you can catch the ferries. Ground Zero is right there, as well. As much as this hallowed ground might seem a somber and mournful tomb, it is starting to brim with new life and energy. The train station is rebuilt. The new WTC is growing around it. Construction is 24/7. The police and fire details are cheerful and happy to greet you. And in my opinion, every American should visit it if they can - before the hole in the earth is covered, so to speak. Yeah, we loved this hotel. The staff was professional and polite, and the rate was more than fair. Do not hesitate to book here for the package deals.	
Aug 4 2006 	Far beyond our expectations!	The Marriott Financial in terms is kind of a calm and quit hideaway on manhattan island. We slept in more than comfortable beds and had beautiful views over the Hudson and Ellis Island. Our room has been astonishingly clean, so that you could feel like home using the bath and bed after a long day of sightseeing and shopping. The Marriott is located in an absolutely safe and quiet part of downtown, so that we had a peaceful and undisturbed sleep during each night. Breakfast at Roy's has been a good start into our day, but if someone wants to, he could also find many quality breakfast cafes and restaurants close to the hotel. Subway station is a 3 min. stroll away and within just 15 min. after locking your room you're right in the middle of Time's Square. It's the same time with a cab ride for which we never paid more than 15$ to/from uptown.Many of the world renowm tourists' sites are near the hotel, like Battery Park, the Ferry to Statue of Liberty, Wall Street, the Woolworth building and Pier 17. Not to mention Ground zero, which is just a block away and a mustgo to remember and give a prayer. After listening to so many horrible stories about even more horrible NYC hotels that our friends and family experienced before us, we were more than relieved to realize that the Marriott Financial is a real 4star hotel with all amenities one would expect. We were lucky to get rates for a kingbed room, which haven't been higher than the rates for all the dirty and rundown 2star tourist hotelcages uptown. So the Marriott Financial made our stay in New York an unforgettable nice one. Highly recommend it!	
Jul 9 2006	Great Hotel	We stayed for the weekend in July with the parking and breakfast package. Room was large and clean. Our room was next to the elevator on the 19th floor. It was very quiet. The breakfast at Roy's was delicious. The hotel is a couple blocks to the subway. We were out till 11:00pm and felt safe. I would definately stay here again.	
Jul 3 2006	EXCELLENT	We stayed here for 2 nights 3 days in March of 05. It was my 3rd trip to NYC and finally took my husband and son. This hotel was just 2 blocks away from Ground Zero. We visited Ground Zero and wept. The hotel was beyond nice, the beds were so comfortable, our view was outstanding, it faced south so we saw Lady Liberty every day and she was beautiful at sunset. The temperature was perfect, the WIFI worked outstanding, the toiletries were nice, the room was big. We got a last minute special for hotel and rt airfare for $369 so this was a steal! compared to other prices I've paid in NYC. The only drawback and it wasn't much of one, is that it's pretty far from major attractions, but the good news is there was an express train so we didn't have to stop every 5 seconds. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 22 2006	Great Hotel In NYC	We had a great stay at the Marriott Financial District on June 16th. The hotel was spotless and accommodating. The beds are wonderful! Staff went above and beyond to make us feel comfortable. We stayed on the 37th floor and had a great view of the Statue of Liberty. It was a concierge level, however the service was not offered on weekends.Starbucks is located in the hotel and Roy's is a great place for meals. It's so nice to see the revitalization in the area. The hotel is within walking distance to Battery Park and the Staton Island Ferry. $15.00 cab fare to Midtown and subway is nearby. O'Hara's Pub offers great food and it's very close.	
Jun 21 2006	Great hotel!!	My sister, 10 year old niece and I stayed at this hotel the second weekend of June 2006.We were very pleased with our stay. We got a room on the 27th floor, we could see the Statue of Liberty from our room. The front desk had a nice breakfast sent to our room for my niece on her birthday at no charge, it made her feel special. The hotel is located close to at least 2 subway stations, we used line 1 to get to Times Square, and line R to get to Grand Central Station and the JFK airport on Sun. There are several places to eat around the hotel, a pharmacy at the end of West Ave., the ferry to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, etc. I plan to visit NYC again with another sister and stay at this hotel.	
Jun 13 2006 	Nice location nice property	I just got back from a quick (2 day) visit to New York. I stayed at the Marriott Financial Center. It was very nice -- bigger than average room, comfortable bed, nice bathroom. I was on the ninth floor, but still had a nice view of the river. The location was great -- just a few blocks to a subway station, two blocks from the river, an easy walk to Battery Park and one building away from Ground Zero. I paid a conference rate that was about half the rack rate. I'm not sure the rack rate price would have been worth it to me.	
Jun 3 2006	Great alternative to midtown	We stayed at this hotel during a vacation over the Memorial Day weekend. Getting to the hotel from the Holland Tunnel was a breeze, even with holiday traffic, and the valet parking the hotel provides is a great service. Unfortunately, since we were at the hotel over a holiday and the room had been booked close to the weekend we weren't able to get the room configuration we had hoped for (2 queen beds), but the hotel did provide us with a room with a king size been with a rollaway at no extra charge. The room was a little smaller than the standard Marriott room, but was as much as we needed, even with the roll away. The room was very clean (a big factor for us) and the beds were very comfortable.Everyone we dealt with at the hotel was very polite and very helpful, in spite of the very busy weekend. Since this was the first time the family had been to New York we planned on spending alot of time in the midtown area and I was a little concerned about the logistics of getting back and forth to midtown. This really wasn't a problem since the hotel is only a couple of blocks from the Rector St. station and the subways in NY run very frequently (~every 20 min), even late at night on the weekend.Even though the hotel is not very close to many of the popular tourist attractions in NY (Empire State Building, Times Square) it is close to some other interesting sites, including the World Trade Center site (it borders the site), the South Street Seaport, and Battery Park, which is where you can catch a ferry out to the Statue of Liberty. We actually left the car parked at the hotel and were able to walk to the park to take the ferry out to the statue on Memorial Day, which worked out great. As far as dining is concerned, there are a couple of restaurants in the hotel; however, we opted to try some of the other local eateries. Someone at the front desk recommended George's Restaurant, which is right around the corner from the hotel on Rector St. and has an unbelievable breakfast for about what you'd pay at McDonald's. AWESOME!Although seeing the action at Times Square was great, I'd highly recommend this hotel for any tourists who want a little peace and quiet at night.	
May 30 2006 	Third stay enjoyed every one so far	I just stayed there for a conference for the third year in a row. I really like this hotel, especially compared to the six or eight other places I've stayed in NYC, but I can understand how it isn't for everyone:Pro's - very clean rooms, nice bedding, decent but not great selection of TV channels, quiet area especially at night, excellent fitness center and pool, and a short cab ride to most places in lower manhattan, quick trip from Laguardia (under 30 minutes non-rush-hour). I had a wonderful view of the Hudson river from my corner room, others had views of the statue of liberty. Also is close to the water taxi to New Jersey.Con's - expensive Internet service, small bar, expensive (but very good) restaurant (Roy's), quiet at night, and a long cab ride to mid-town and points north. There really isn't much activity around the hotel and the nearest subway station is a few blocks away.We ate in greenwich village most nights so the location was fine, though it seems with road construction, almost every cab has to make a u-turn in front of the place and drop you off in the middle of the street, one time a cab driver figured out how to end up right in front.About the only other negatives are a fairly small lobby and bar, the room service menu is a bit limited as well.If I'm in the financial district for business, this would be hotel of choice, but if I needed to spend most of my time in mid-town, I'd look at the Millenium off broadway, which is my favorite hotel in that area.	
May 17 2006	I liked it alot	Some people think staying downtown / lower manhattan / financial district is unacceptable for leisure travel-- I say this is complete rubbish. Three subway lines which will take you to anywhere in Manhattan are within a 2 to 8 minute walk, and yes it is a safe walk even at 2 am--I did it several times and I'm from a redneck town in the Midwest. I like downtown, its quieter and the water and bridges are more influential in this part of manhattan. The hotel is upscale, not luxry but definetely upscale. The rooms are decently sized, the views are good. The staff was pretty friendly as far as NY goes. The part I liked the most was that the area on the weekends is much quieter and peaceful than midtown. Also you experience the water alot more at this hotel than in midtown--first the room I had had views of the hudson river, the Statue of Liberty ferry in Battery Park was a short walk away and thats right on the water and South Street Seaport which is a neat historical spot where they sell Broadway show tickets is on the East River with views of the Brooklyn Bridge. In Midtown, you never experience the water or the brides at all. Also the Financial Center has good access to Tribecca, Greenwich Village, Chelsea etc and alot of nightlife. You can take the subway to any of these areas in the evening and if you don'[t like riding the subway at 2 am, you can take a cab for hardly anything. I took a cab from Greenwich Village to the Marriott Financial Center at 3 am at it only cost about $6.50.	
Apr 14 2006	Great hotel	A group of us stayed here for a long weeekend when we got a good deal through British airways. Slight hiccups on checking in as requests such as 2 beds and smoking rooms had not been passed through to the hotel, but were easily resolved. Rooms were big for NYC (well 3 times the size of the room we'd had at the Hudson). Location was fine, very near subway lines so easy to get about. The staff at the hotel were fabulous, Ben at reception couldn't have been more helpful, getting us reservations and information about bars etc. The bar at the hotel wasnice for a drink before going out to dinner. All in all a lovely place to stay	
Mar 18 2006 	Very Nice Downtown Hotel	If you have business downtown, you will not go wrong staying at this hotel. While physically, the rooms are fairly average, they are nicely appointed and the beds and bedding are extremely comfortable. Service is prompt, pleasant and attentive both from the front desk and bell staff and room service (which was quite decent).Roys, the restaurant, is worth a visit even if you are not staying here. Hawaiian-themed and seafood-oriented, the food is simply delicious. While pricey, finding such a gem in a Marriott hotel was an unexpected and pleasant surprise.The work-out facilities and pool also are unusually good for a Marriott and above average for New York hotels generally.While there's not much to do in the immediate area (two blocks south of the WTC site), it is beginning to come back to life, albeit slowly.	
Mar 8 2006	couldnt find any fault	We have just got back from spending 3 nights in this wonderful hotel. All of the staff are marvellous and really go out of their way to make you feel welcome, particularly Carols the doorman. The public areas are immaculate and the food was fantastic and not overpriced. The only thing we didnt try was the leisure facilities because we simply had too much else to do but we took a look. I had to admit that the pool looked a little on the small side but then again I dont suppose that it gets used all that much as mostly the guests will be either business people or on short city sightseeing trips. It is a bit out of the way but we liked it that way. It costs around $20 per trip in a cab(including tip)to get to say Times Square which can mount up if you go in and out twice in the day as we were doing. We could have used the tube but didnt want to be underground missing the sites. The rooms were spaceous and very clean. Could have done with bigger bath sheets. Beds were the comfiest beds that I have EVER slept in and the views from the 32nd floor were amazing. We didnt eat in Roys but it looked like a very nice restaurant with a wonderful menu, the food in the cocktail bar was as good as a lot of expensive restaurants and the breakfast from room service was tremendous. I hadnt realised until we got home that the original NYMFC was destroyed in 9/11 and the building that the hotel is in at the moment was given a facelift and made into the hotel as it is now which explains the newness feel to it. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 8 2006 	First timer	Just spent one night in a concierge level room -- travelling on business. Room was typical Marriott middle tier -- rather drab and antiseptic but very clean and quiet. Bed was too soft and desk was too small to hold a laptop and some papers. Bathroom was large and towels were plentiful. Concierge lounge was pretty ordinary with breakfast being better than evening. Room service was unusually good. Staff was very accomodating albeit rather rushed at check in (almost too fast). Location was prime for my business purpose although I would agree that it is out of the way for most leisure travellers. I did enjoy an early evening stroll along the waterfront.	
Jan 31 2006	Marriott Financial	Have just returned from a week end in New York and had a fantastic stay in Marriott Financial Hotel. The location was great and the breakfast in Roys hotel was a good start to the day. The staff were very helpful and everything was very clean.	
Jan 22 2006	Great Stay at New York Marriott Financial	Stayed at the New York Marriott Financial right before the Christmas holidays. The other Marriott properties in New York would do well to follow the example of the Financial Marriott. Rooms are larger and you definitely have the feeling of spaciousness. The staff is very accomodating and how bad can it be when there is a Roy's Restaurant on property. The restaurant serves breakfast (which is wonderful), lunch and dinner and of course dinner being their forte. It is very easy to catch the subway to get anyplace in the city. Also, easier to get to any of the airports from this property.Enjoy	
Jan 18 2006	AWESOME HOTEL	My mother, daughter and I stayed at this hotel when my daughter ran the NY Marathon. While I agree it was a bit out of the way as far as being right in the city, our stay there was incredible. The rooms were immaculate, the restaurant was wonderful and the bell hops were the most helpful I had ever seen. They offered to get us an SUV to take us (and 2 other people in our group)to JFK so we didn't have to pay for two taxis. They also applauded my daughter when we got back from the marathon for her accomplishment in running! We loved staying there	
Jan 16 2006 	perfect for business travelers too far downtown if you're a tourist I think	I stayed here for a week on business before I eventually moved to NYC. This is a really nice place to stay. The rooms are big, the bed extremely comfy, good size bathroom and spectacular views. I didn't experience room service although I had a couple of things laundered and the service was excellent. The business center staff were also extremely helpful. The pool area is lovely and full of natural light. The downstairs cocktail bar is great - serves excellent food and bar staff highly focussed on personal service. The week I stayed here the temperature went over 100 degrees and I'm relieved to say the a/c more than adequately coped. If you're staying here and want a local drink or bite to eat you don't have to go far - walk across West Street towards the Hudson river and you'll see a great little bar which serves wide selection of beer and food. Also carry on to the waterfront on the same street then take a right, there's a FANTASTIC seafood place with outside dining available right on the waterfront. Totally worth stepping out of the hotel and you don't have to schlep uptown if you don't feel up to it. This was one of the best hotel experiences of my NY trips and I absolutely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 3 2006	1st visit to NYC with a GREAT hotel	I just recently visted NYC for the first time (with a group of friends) last weekend. I was in NYC for the New Years Eve annual ball drop. I picked this hotel because this was the cheapest (decent) hotel I could get on the Manhattan island. My experience here was EXCELLENT. Before coming to NYC I read that NYC hotel rooms were very small. But the room we were issued was a corner room on the 30th floor, that was very large.Even with five people in the room, it still didn't feel too small or overcrowded. The front desk staff were very friendly, professional, and helpful. The concierge desk recommended a great nearby diner called George's that serves excellent breakfast. The subway is conveniently located two blocks away on Rector St.The room and bathroom were very clean when we arrived. The bathroom is spacious too! Housekeeping was prompt in issuing us more towels when requested. While leaving our room, we ran into the housekeeping staff who asked us if there was anything we would like extra in our room. We told them we needed more lotions and soaps. When we got back, they were already waiting in the bathroom for us!With a spacious &amp; clean room, spacious &amp; clean bathroom, great views, and great service. I would definitley recommend staying here.	
Jan 3 2006	Fantastic hotel!!!	My family stayed there December 22nd and 23rd. It was fantastic! Everyone is very nice and helpful, the hotel is clean, beds are extremely soft and the view is amazing. I would highly recommend this hotel. It is near the subway, good restaurants and the World Trade Center. We will be back again.	
Dec 7 2005	The Marriott Financial Center - all round great place to stay !	My mother and I stayed here at the end of October (based on other Trip Advisor reviews) and it was marvellous. Great location - very near to a subway station and the number 6 bus that goes all the way to Central Park (better than the sub-way for really getting a feel for the city). The hotel is a short stroll to Battery Park and the Ellis Island/Statue of Liberty ferries. Very safe, quiet neighbourhood. I had mentioned that it was my mother's first time in New York and also her birthday and we were given a beautiful comfortable corner room with breathtaking views of the Hudson (perfect for 2 people but wardrobe space would be limited for more than that). The very friendly and helpful staff had also arranged a beautiful bouquet of flowers for my mother ! Breakfast was included in our rate and was great - their specialities (such as french toast with apple, maple syrup and cream) are divine and will keep you going all day ! I would highly recommend this hotel - ask for a rooom with a view. I had been to New York a number of times and always stayed in mid or uptown but in future it will be downtown !	
Nov 29 2005	This Hotel is EXCELLENT!!!	Stayed at this hotel in early November 2005 and loved it! We arrived early in the morning and they allowed us to check in early. I was very impressed with the room. Got a 19th floor room with a view of the Hudson River. The room is very clean and well kept. Pretty new furnishings and immaculate bathroom! Bed is very comfortable and beddings were clean and soft. We got a single King bed which is huge. I loved our stay here and would stay again! The hotel staff are friendly and willing to help you. It is very close to Subway stops and just one block from the World Trade Center. Battery Park and Statue of Liberty is a couple of blocks away. If you want a upscale and quiet area, this is the hotel. It's not cheap, but you will get a super clean room with upscale flair. I have seen good rates for this property if you check around the different websites.	
Oct 11 2005	Good Value 	My husband and I stayed for a night at the Marriott Financial Center in mid-Sept 2005. We had tickets to see Spamalot, so took Amtrak down from Boston. I chose this hotel because we were able to get a government rate for $209 a night, which for NYC is excellent. Most of the other available hotel rooms for the night we were staying were at least twice as much. The hotel never asked to see any type of id to prove that we were eligible for a government rate.We had requested an early check-in and the hotel did try to accommodate us, however, they said they had so many other early check-ins that day that we were not able to get into our room until almost 3 pm.Our room was fine. It was clean and fairly large, with 2 double beds, an armoire with tv and honor bar (one of the ones where if you even remove an item, you are charged. Put it back, and you're charged again), and a desk and chair. The bathroom was okay, but the lighting was terrible and there was no light over the tub, which made it quite dark when taking a shower. I could hear quests talking in their rooms when I walked down the hall, but I did not hear other guests when we were in our room. The ice machine for our floor was located right outside our room door (which I found to be an odd location), and I was afraid that we would hear it all night, but either no one wanted ice, or it was not as loud as I had feared.The hotel is about 2 blocks from Battery Park and the site of the World Trade Center, both easy walks. It is also near a subway stop, and it's a short ride to Times Square.There is nothing really special about this hotel, but it's clean, the rooms are big enough, and the location is good. If I could get a reasonable price, I would definately stay here again.	
Sep 24 2005 	3-star hotel; 5-star prices	I stayed for six nights recently on business. Although very close to Wall Street, the hotel faces west to the Hudson River and you don’t feel you’re staying in Downtown Manhattan. Adjacent to the WTC site and to the World Financial Center offices, restaurants, shops and riverside walks.The hotel itself is nothing special at all. I guess around 30 years old (note the ugly metal box air-con / heater units in the rooms), and possibly a converted office block (internal bedroom walls are not brick or concrete – so plenty of scope to hear your neighbours’ televisions or other noise).I arrived around 11am on a Sunday after 22 hours of flying, and no room was available. My company had requested an early check-in, but I realised this could not be guaranteed. The receptionist was typically New York cold, matter-or-fact. When I asked when a room might be available, she shrugged “any time between 11 and 4”. I asked if there was somewhere I could wait and get a coffee and was told abruptly “there’s a seat over there [in the lobby] and breakfast is being served in Roy’s [the restaurant]”. Not wanting to spend up to five hours sat in the lobby, and not wanting to eat another breakfast, I went out to watch the 9/11 commemoration ceremony at the WTC site. That was after having persuaded a senior receptionist to try and get a room for me by noon which, thankfully, did happen.The room was quite long but narrow (see attached photos), so the beds had to be short to fit in. Windows on two sides, which would have offered nice views had they not been so dirty on the outside. Drab and dated colour scheme, 1970s furnishings, and a tiny desk that was cluttered with a phone, modem box, in-house advertising, and so narrow – 20 inches – that it would be impossible to work at in the small amount of space left. TV with enough channels and clear reception. The bed itself was comfortable but the covers, although clean, looked like they had been in use for 20 years. Likewise the towels – old, hard, and in some cases frayed. Bathroom was clean enough but with only a shallow bath tub and no lighting in the bath/shower area. For the room as a whole, no central lighting control at bed-side, or anywhere else for that matter, so entering and leaving the room always involved a tour round various lamp stands and wall switches. The fridge is of the auto-charging variety – you only have to take an item out to inspect it, and it’s charged to your bill. The contents is arranged such that it completely fills the fridge, neatly discouraging the guest from buying items at one-third the cost from outside and daring to house them in the fridge.As I was on business and did need to work from the room, I asked if I could move to a less narrow room that may have had space for a less narrow desk. The move happened the following evening and I was “upgraded” to a room that they sell for USD 500 a night, according to the receptionist. This was a bit larger than the original room, but exactly the same features inside, including the same narrow desk. It had a view of the Statue of Liberty - other reviewers have commented on this as a plus-point, but it’s so far in the distance through the haze, that I didn’t even bother to take a photo.On the positive side, the buffet breakfast in Roy’s is good, as is usually the case in NY hotels, and the staff were pleasant enough. I also enjoyed a light meal (“light” by American standards, a full meal for anyone else) and drink in the West 85 bar.I was staying on a discounted corporate rate but, even so, I found this hotel to be offering barely 3-star amenities by international, if not US, standards but at 5-star prices; the cramped and dated rooms and fixtures (other than the lobby) being offset slightly by satisfactory service levels from the staff, if you leave out the first receptionist I encountered. But I suppose all New York hotels charge sky-high prices so, relative to others in that city, perhaps it was not that bad.Would I willingly return again? For the location, perhaps; for the hotel itself, no.	
Sep 16 2005	Out of the hustle-bustle!	This is a great hotel. The beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept on! The staff was courteous, helpful, and friendly. And lower manhattan is a beautiful place to stay. Not hectic at all on the weekends--very laid back. No crowds at all, restaurants were practically empty during labor day weekend. People rollerblading and jogging near battery park. This area reminds me of the north part of downtown chicago--very elegant. I am sure it is much busier during business hours, since you are near Wall Street. You are within easy walking distance (by way of Rector Street) to 3 different subway lines to take you anywhere you need to go. I can't imagine staying in the jungle of midtown manhattan after staying here. The prices are cheaper and the rooms are spacious. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 5 2005	Excellent stay at the Marriott Financial Center	We stayed at the Marriott in August 05 for 1 week.We had a double room and it was spacious enough for the family of 2 adults and 3 children.It was on the 20th floor with a view of the hudson river.The children enjoyed the swimming pool .The hotel staff were friendly and helpful.The service was excellent.Roys resturant and cocktail bar within hotel.Hotel near ground zero and subways. Felt safe around area during night because of police presence.I would recommend this hotel if you prefer to be away from the busy locations of midtown.Regular subway trains are a short ride to the midtown area.	
Aug 12 2005 	Very Pleased	Stayed here in May, 2005, for the TIA convention at Javits. Hotel was excellent. Staff, especially room service was exceptional. Roy's restaurant was great! Room was clean, spacious and well furnished with a great view of the harbor. Was little far from the Convention Center but our show had shuttle service so it was fine. Great location for visit to WTC, Century 21, Battery Park, Brooklyn Bridge, etc.. I LOVE NEW YORK!	
Aug 7 2005	Good option in NYC	Stayed at the Marriott Finanical Center a couple of weeks ago. Picked this location somewhat last minute because I was able to get a good weekend rate and the location is good. If you are particularly interested in lower Manhattan you can't beat this place. Also the service was excellent. I had several special requests and the hotel staff met each in prompt order. My only issue is the construction that is going on around the hotel and on the roadways. But given that the hotel is located next to Ground Zero is certainly understandable.	
Jul 17 2005	Perfect for a Christmas Trip	I stayed with my wife in this hotel for one week and we were very satisfied. The room was spacy, very clean with extremly comfortable beds and stylish furnitures. We had a room in the 23th floor and the view over the WFC and the Hudson River was wonderful. The front desk personal was very friendly and helpful and the location in the Financial District is not so bad for tourists, as we could read in some other reviews. The next Subway station is just a few walking minutes away. And over all we were surprised, how quiet the hotel is, probably the result of a good isolation between the rooms.	
Jul 17 2005	Very Nice	Stayed here for 3 days. Had a corner room with two queen beds. The hotel was very clean. The staff was excellent. Paid $169.00 per night over the weekend. The only drawback was that the pool was closed for renovation. However, they paid for our cab ride to Brooklyn Marriott so the children could swim.	
Jun 20 2005	Very Nice	Stayed one night this past weekend while moving our son into his apartment. Used valet parking which went quickly as did check in. Front desk was polite and accomodating - we were assigned the room type we requested (room 3010 on the 30th floor). The view of the Hudson River was spectacular. We couldn't see the Statue of Liberty as another building blocked it, but didn't mind at all. The room is traditional furniture &amp; offered a very comfy bed and a chair w/ottoman &amp; lamp for reading. Bathroom was clean and nice. I have already booked this hotel again. We paid $279.00 which included a great breakfast buffet plus $40.00 for parking. Didn't need to move the car until 5pm day of checkout, so we were able to buzz around all day by subway. We liked this hotel very much, but even better was the walk around Battery Park along the water and through gardens. This is across the street and two blocks over. The area is quiet. We used the subways with ease so the location, though away from uptown &amp; theaters, was not a problem.	
Jun 12 2005	Nothing Special	Wow, what a disappointment this hotel was. Checked in for a 3 night weekend stay to celebrate our 10 year anniversary. We decided to stay downtown this time to be closer to the shopping/restaurants in SoHo, the village, etc... The reviews of this hotel are so good, and my husband is a member of the Marriott rewards program, so I expected to be treated much better than we were. First, when checking in, I informed them that it was our anniversary, and asked if it were possible to get an upgraded room (and I was more than willing to pay the difference in price from the regular room). I was told &quot;no, all of our rooms are the same&quot;. Yeah, right! The room I was given was small (the website says the regular rooms are some 400 sq ft, but this was closer to 250!) and the bathroom was a joke (2 yelllow lights over the sink and NO LIGHTS in the shower!). Also, I had read that this hotel had been recently refurbished after the damage from 9/11, but this was clearly not the case. I called down to the front desk and asked to be moved to a different room, and preferably a newly renovated one. The response to this request from the front desk was &quot;we don't have any newly renovated rooms&quot;. Ok, whatever, I just wanted any other room and was moved to a room 4 floors lower that was pretty much identical. Small, tacky and very outdated.This hotel is fine for a business traveler, but don't make the mistake of staying here if you're looking for anything special. And even if staying for business, I would never pay more than $200 a night. It's simply not worth it and you can do better. We usually stay at the Rihga (Marriott) midtown, and let me assure you, it's an entirely different type of property, and well worth the small difference in price.One last thing I noticed is that eventhough I made the desk aware of our anniversary celebration, not one person on the staff congratulated us or went out of their way to acknowledge it. It's truly not a big deal, but very strange and, unfortunately, said a lot about the service (or lack of it).	
Jun 7 2005	Excellent value for NYC	The rooms are excellent, health club is above average - and location is quiet - just south of World Trade Center Site. Rooms on highest floors have viewsof Statue of Liberty. We were in a weekend special rate so we weren't high enough (24th floor) and couldn't see it - but I heard if you're up at the top of the hotel (40th floor and higher) there are beautiful NY Bay views. We prefer to be closer to the Theatre District - but no rooms at moderate rates were available there when we made our reservations - after all - it was Memorial Day Weekend. Make sure if you stay here on weekend rate get a rate that includes breakfast/brunch. Their Sunday brunch is tremendous and is normally some $20 per person - a good deal in itself - but with the weekend special it's only $10-$20 extra for the entire room. Don't stay here if you depend on taxis as it's a $20 fare with tip to the theatre district and going back and forth th mid-town will get pricy - but the subway stop is a short walk so if you can handle the subway this hotel is fine. But if you're going to be in the financial district area - you just can't beat this hotel.	
May 27 2005	Excellent Hotel	My husband and I celebrated our wedding anniversary in NYC. The travel agent booked the Marriot Financial Center. Because of 911 and the commute to mid-town, we thought it would be a disaster. In turned out to be an excellent hotel. The accomodations were very clean and service was outstanding. I highly recommend this hotel! Dr. in South Florida	
May 7 2005	Excellent Downtown Hotel	Stayed in this hotel in 1997 and loved it, so much so that I booked it again as a surprise for my mum for April. Unfortunately only 1 room was booked for us by our booking agent when 2 had been reserved. We had problems at check-in and would have liked the reception staff to be a bit more helpful especially as I had e-mailed customer services to let them know of the situation beforehand, but reception said they had no notes at all.Total waste of time. It kinda took the edge off the first night as we had just spent 13 nights in Vegas and hoped the next 2 nights would be as enjoyable before returning home. Our rooms were lovely though, with excellent views on 25th floor. Even after all our check-in hassle, we really enjoyed our stay. The hotel is in an excellent position for downtown NYC, with Ground Zero, Century 21 and Canal Street just minutes walk away. There are alot more eating and drinking places around this area now and really cheap too which makes this hotel an ideal place to stay when in New York.Definately recommend and stay again.	
Apr 26 2005	****Awesome***	We just returned from a 10 day stay at New York Marriott Financial Center. This was the most amazing place. I was traveling with my entire family including 2 children under 10. It started with allowing us to check in early because of our red-eye flight from California. We were in our rooms by 9:30 am. Of course the staff were friendly, accomodating and pleasant. We got to the rooms and all I can say is &quot;Large&quot; We have stayed at several hotels in Manhattan and they were not much bigger than closets....I was pleasantly surprised. Unfortunately, there was no dresser for storage but you can get over that real quick when you see the view. We had rooms on the 31 floor with excellent views of the Hudson, Battery Park, Lady Liberty and Ellis Island. The beds were awesome! My kids loved the indoor pool and I enjoyed the fitness facility. The location was perfect, you were away from the hustle and bustle, but yet just a short subway ride to the excitement. The subway is conveniently located just around the corner. We will stay at this Marriott again. We got a tremendous rate of $145 and were not disappointed. This was classic Marriott style!The Bell and Door men were so pleasant, and they loved seeing our smiling faces everyday return. They worked tirelessly to make sure our trip was good and free from negative incidents. You won't be disappointed.	
Apr 26 2005	Can't beat the Marriott	The Marriott in the Fianancial District was the best. We really wanted to stay uptown but the rates kept us downtown. My first New York experience was staying at the Marriott Marquis, but that was when I did not have to foot the bill!! Prime location, especially when you are 19 and single (living off of mom and dad) was definately needed back then. And the Marquis was the best. But now travelling with children; security, cleanliness and budget comes first. We were pleasantly surprised by this hotel. We were in a great location! We could see the World Trade site from the hallway while awaiting the elevator. The HUGE discount department store 21 was very near the hotel as were the subway stations! It was very easy to catch a cab by the help of the bellman. The conceirge helped us with finding Bubby's restaurant in Tribeca. And even when it was pouring down rain, the front desk gave us nice umbrellas!! Location is everything and surprisingly the Marriott was the best location to suit our needs. We left the hotel early every morning and returned after 10 PM every evening. I felt very safe and secure. We shopped and dined all day and when it was time to retire, it was nice to return to a quiet uncrowded area to unwind. We ate the breakfast buffet in the morning, a bit pricey at $20 per person (children were half price). The spread was fantastic, though. Everything you would ever want, from fresh fruit to made to order omelets. The fitness center and pool were very nice also. The entire hotel was spotless. We stayed in the corner room with 2 queen beds and plenty of space to spread out.There was a nice bureau and a desk with a chair and a lounging chair. The beds were out of this world comfy!!! The bathroom was full sized and very euro chic. And most importantly, CLEAN!! All in all, I have not one bad thing to write about the Marriott Financial District!	
Apr 24 2005 	Best Kept Secret In NYC	I love this hotel. I have stayed 5 times since it re-opened in January 2002(it was damaged in the 9/11 attacks). If you book at Marriots Website you can usually get the weekend rate (Thursday night checking out Monday morning) for $189.00For $189.00 in Manhattan your get a 5 star hotel, with great rooms and a friendly staff. Great Views of the Hudson and Statue of Liberty. Close to Battery Park, SoHo, Greenwich Village, and the subway.If you are a tourist it is in the finacial disctrict so you have to take a cab ride, bus tour or the subway a little more but it is worth it!!!!! You really aren't that far from Time Square, Broadway or Central Park.I have stayed at about 10 diffent NYC hotels and this is by far the best for the price.	
Apr 11 2005	Wonderful Experience	Family of four (including rambunctious 7 yo) had a great stay. Got a room on the 30th with a view of Statue of Liberty. Room was excellent, Staff was friendly and helpful. Pool was decent size with steam room and well equiped gym. Location was ideal. 1 block from Ground Zero. 5 minutes walk from ferry to Statue of liberty. 10 mins by subway to Times square and the mid town action but far away enough to sleep peacefully.Would very highly recommend especially if you can get the buffet breakfast included. Valet parking was $40/night (this is New York) but at least the car came back in one piece. Actually neighborhood was very safe late in to the night	
Apr 7 2005	Stayed there 31st - 4 April 2005	My self and family have just got back from this hotel and had 2 rooms with connecting doors. Can't really fault this hotel, we only had standard rooms but still had a view out front of the Hudson from the 28th floor.The beds are exceptionally comfortable and bathrooms of an excellent standard.Should you decide to have the breakfast in the hotel restaurant (Roys) then you won't be disappointed. You can either choose set breakfast meals or like us go for the buffet at about $18 a head.Unlimited coffee, masses amount of hot and cold things to choose from cereal, porridge, croissants to bacon, sausage, potatoes etc.There is even a couple of chefs on hand to take your orders for additional things like pancakes, waffles, eggs and hash browns, all in the buffet price.There is a subway station very close (Rector Street) and in fact Courtland Street subway is very close adjacent to the WTC site and Century 21 shop.If you want to stay downtown you won't be disappointed here.It does have a fitness room and indoor pool but we didn't see them.	
Feb 28 2005	Excellent hotel!	Just stayed at the Marriott Financial this past weekend 2/25/05-2/27/05. Very nice hotel, clean, quiet, nice staff and felt very safe (saw security walking the floors). We were in a spacious corner room looking over the harbor and battery park.. The best features were the fabulous breakfast buffet with made to order waffles and omelets, swimming pool for the kids, very comfortable beds and friendly staff. It’s a little bit away from the hustle and bustle – which is good if you want to wind down. Drove in and it was easy to find and the car was very close by in a monitored lot. All in all a very nice comfortable hotel. Will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 25 2005	Comfortable Cosy and Great Value	We stayed at the Marriott for 3 nights in February 2005 and can throughly recommend it! The weather was absolutely freezing cold, but the rooms were warm, comfortable, spacious and spotlessly clean - a real pleasure to come back to - especially after a day spent pounding the snow covered pavements of Manhattan.We had great views from our 24th &amp; 25th floor rooms of the Empire State Building and the Hudson River - fantastic at night-time!As first time tourists from the UK, we found the location absolutely ideal - away from the hustle and bustle (and somewhat dodgy hotel rooms) of Midtown, yet only a short direct (no changes) hop on the subway to Times Square and onwards to Central Park. (Rector Street subway line is literally round the corner, and a $2 fare takes you directly to Times Square in less than 10 minutes) We also found that the sites of Downtown were easily accessible - Wall Street and the NY stock exchange a few minutes away, Battery Park a short stroll, and the new South Ferry port closeby. An absolute must do is Staton Island Ferry ride from South Ferry to Staton Island and back again...you have the most fabulous views of Manhattan - we did it by night and was probably the best memory we have of the visit - and its free!! Great photo opportunities!We took the special &quot;stay for breakfast&quot; deal booked directly with Marriott hotels website. We paid $169 per room, including breakfast for two - and what a breakfast!! Its a full buffet, with items cooked to order, fresh fruit, fresh bakery items, cereals, juices, coffee...you name, you get it! Fantastic value - we all loved it!The children loved the pool - small but perfectly formed, and open sensible hours.Overall we had a fabulous time - just one word of caution, keep inquisitive fingers away from the mini-bar! The chocolate is too much of a temptation for children not to lift out - and it immediately registers with reception for a charge to your account. If lifted out by mistake reception will immediately and courteously reverse the charge - but better not to do it in the first place!Highly recommended - perfect for a busy family weekend exploring NYC!	
Feb 9 2005	A very comfortable stay for New York	I have stayed in bad NYC hotels before, as I think most people have, which is why I appreciated this one so thoroughly. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were spacious, extremely spacious for New York. The bed was one of the most comfortable that I have slept on. It had a nice down feather bed and down pillows. Everything was clean and looked fresh, not faded. We had nice views of the harbor from our room, and the area felt safe and was quiet-good for sleeping. There was also an indoor pool and sauna, which is rare for NYC. The lobby was clean and pleasantly decorated. If this hotel were in another city, I would rate it above average, but since it is in NYC, I rate it as excellent. I was very happy to have selected this hotel. 	
Dec 28 2004	Great Weekend Specials	We stayed here the weekend before Christmas and received a wonderful package that included parking and breakfast. Our room was very comfortable. Our breakfast far exceeded our expectations and the parking was very easy. It is simple to get to the hotel by car which is saying a lot for vacationers not used to driving in NYC. We highly recommend staying here.	
Dec 2 2004	Handy for Manhatten	Stayed November 7,8,9, 2004. I've stayed here before in 2002 so I knew how to find it again and what to expect. Rooms are pretty plush and staff swift and attentive. It's certainly handy for the waterfront and Battery Park for statue of liberty. On a good day the view from the Concierge lounge is excellent. Parking is arranged just round the corner and getting forgotten items out of the car is no problem. The cocktail lounge provides excellent meals if you get stuck in a big queue for Roys rest at the rear of the hotel. Roys is first class cuisine and service, no need to step outside the hotel for anything, but Century 21 is about 5 minutes walk away.Subway at Rector Street about 3 minutes walk away, taxi rank ouside the hotel never seemed to be empty. Pricey I think by UK standards but service standards are soooo much better in NY Arrive Saturday of Sunday you may be able to negociate a weekend rate if your stay extends into the next week. Hard by the WTC site so overview of ground zero from upper floors with the repairs still taking place on adjacent buildings. Good view of the city by night from upper floors as well. Swimming pool on floor 5 a must! One annoying problem, if you book by Internet as a couple with different names, they divide the bill between the two of you with one bill each! Just how daft is that?	
Nov 23 2004	Comfortable hotel not-so-great staff	We stayed here 11/18-21 and are Marriott Platinum members. Our room wasn't correct when we arrived 10pm (two doubles rather than the king as guaranteed in writing) and then were switched to a lower floor and a room by the elevators. Not sure if this room was smoking (as requested) but my partner smoked anyway since the front desk assured him it was a smoking room despite the lack of ashtrays. The front desk was pretty unfriendly throughout the entire process.The location is near the subway lines but kinda inconvenient for tourists. For business people in the Wall Street area, however, it's a great location!The room was nice and clean. We didn't get shampoo one day so I had to use the Hyatt shampoo from my dop kit but no big deal.Overall, it's a 3-star Marriott. I wouldn't pay more than 3 star prices for it!	
Sep 30 2004	Just Great!	I have stayed at this hotel twice and it was just great! Staff is friendly and helpfull, Subway is just one block away. Wall Street, Chinatown, Battery Park and a nice boardwalk are near the hotel. The rooms are very clean... Need I say more? This is definitely my first choice when I go to New York!	
Sep 22 2004	Great Hotel for Location	We usually stay in midtown when traveling to NYC. Last time we stayed at the Marquis (highly recommend) However, knowing that Marriott is known for comfort, we decided to give it a shot. Although, this hotel is not on top of the midtown hotspots, it is very very nice. The rooms are big for NYC. Nicely appointed. What a great bed. Bring your significant other for a great weekend in lower manhattan. Great views of the river and Status of Liberty. Subway is nearby for a fast ride uptown.	
Sep 21 2004	NICE VIEWGREAT BED	Good location.The staff is very friendly and helpful.The rooms have a lot of space and the most comfortable bed that i've been in any hotel.PS: ask them to upgrade your room to a very high floor so u can enjoy the outstanding view of the statue liberty,hudson river and the new york skyline.	
Sep 17 2004	Excellent hotel and a lovely base for your stay.....		
Sep 14 2004	Good Prices Good Hotel		
Jul 31 2004	Loved it! Stayed July 23-26		
Jul 19 2004	Good Deal..get the parking and breakfast package		
Jun 14 2004	Need some peace in NYC? Stay here.		
Oct 26 2003	Definately stay here!		
Jul 25 2003	Really terrific for the price!		
Jul 24 2003	A great hotel in a great city		
Jul 15 2003	A good deal for a weekend		
Apr 30 2003	If you have to be way downtown it's ok		
Oct 4 2009 	ottima posizione		
Sep 8 2009 	???????????		
Apr 5 2009	Tolles Hotel! Immer wieder!		
Jan 7 2009 	Buona posizone		
Aug 18 2008 	Excelente hotel!!		
Sep 6 2007	Gutes Preis Leistungsverhältnis		
