	Clean and friendly	I arrived in New York by train and the hotel is located only a couple blocks from Penn Station, so the location was convenient. The price was reasonable for staying in the city. The room was clean (always my top priority).The front desk staff was very friendly. Breakfast was included with the room and included a buffet with cereal, fruit, bread, pastries, coffee, eggs, etc. It was busy during the breakfast rush, but I had no problem finding a table. The wireless was free and worked great in my room.My only complaint is the noise level in the room. I could hear everything in the hallway. My neighbor was in and out of her room all night and I could hear the door open and slam shut every time.	
Nov 25 2009 	Convenient Clean and Comfortable	Stayed here for a night. Small room, but had everything we needed. It's amazing how everything fitted in that small room. Breakfast was complimentary and good. Free WIFI available. Only con was that the vending machine did not work. The receptionist was helpful and gave me change for my dollar to see if that worked. They even hold your bags for you, which was really convenient for us as we checked out in the morning and took a tour of NY.The parking lot that they validate the parking for is about 2 blocks from the hotel - $24.00 for a day - Central parking. There is a parking lot right next to the Hotel - Icon parking, and is about $30 a day.	
Nov 22 2009 	Basketball trip	Our reservations were messed up at the Penn, so tried the Holiday Inn Express MSG. Just a couple of blocks away and although the room is small, it was clean and the bathroom looked to be newly renovated. Price was right and you get a decent breakfast. Overall was satisfied with experience.	
Nov 17 2009 	very good -remember you are in NY	I liked in stay here. The room is really short but remember: you are at ny!! The price is good, you have a free continental breakfast and you are so close to Macys, Empire state and others attractions! I payed U$140 dollars for 4 people with breakfast! Its amazing..	
Nov 15 2009 	Fantastic hotel spotless brilliant service.	We stayed here for 3 nights in October. The staff on the reception desk were all unfailingly helpful and polite, happy to answer any queries. Our room was compact, but spotless. A small bathroom with shower/bath, but also exceptionally clean. The hotel is ideally situated for walking to the major sights, many places to eat nearby.Would recommend and happily stay there again. We were both very impressed and felt it offered excellent value for money.The only negative would the lifts....2 lifts for a 10(ish?) story, very bust hotel made for long waits to and from our room.	
Nov 9 2009 	Location Location!	I just got back from an overnight trip at the Showboat to see Daughtry at the Trump Taj Mahal--- Trump was too much money - got a GREAT deal with the Showboat - and did not have to go outside to get to the Trump Arena!!!! Room was very large !!!! View overlooking the ocean!!!! Big bathroom with separate room for toilet!!! Downside - internet was $11.60/day....walls a little thin, but not too noisy.Staff was very helpful -would def stay here again!	
Nov 6 2009 	Be prepared to hear everything in the hall...	Nice hotel, and great location. Courteous staff. Nice breakfast.Allow me to explain the layout of this hotel, as it was very different than what I had expected. The hotel has a VERY small footprint. There were only 10 rooms on our floor.Upon our arrival, my husband needed to sleep. I found that I could hear every conversation that took place in the hallway, as well as the elevator opening and closing. I heard children cry in another room, as well as friends who had just arrived, and described in detail their plans for the evening. It was remedied slightly with a towel against the bottom of the door. We had a fan in our luggage to provide some white noise which helped, but without it, well.... It would have made for long nights.	
Nov 5 2009 	Amazing impeccable service in a beautiful hotel	We stayed here after the New York Marathon. The hotel appeared to be at 100% capacity, but you would never have known that from the service. Every single person we encountered treated us like royalty. Gloria at the front desk was especially helpful and gracious. The housekeeping staff was friendly and helped us find a great Mexican restaurant in the area. The breakfast staff was busy, but kind and deferential. I can't properly convey how overwhelmed we were with the staff's care. It felt much more like a 5-star hotel than a HIE.Breakfast was great and ample. We went during the thick of it. There are 48 chairs arranged around 16 tables in groups of 2, 3, or 4. I counted because it was a concern after reading some of the previous comments. It was the expanded HIE menu including biscuits and gravy, sausage, and pre-made omelets. These were quickly refilled as necessary. Coffee is available 24 hours. Priority Club members can have their breakfast delivered, if they like.The hotel is located a block from the #1 line, or 2.5 blocks from Madison Square Garden/Penn Station. It's a block the other way from the Fashion Institute of Technology. The neighborhood is okay and felt safe walking alone at night; there was a crazy on the street, but it's New York and there are crazies on most blocks. There is a parking lot next door, $28/day, I think. Taxis frequently come by, and can be arranged at the front desk.The business center consists of 3 computers in the lobby. They are at standing level with couches near them. I brought a chair over, which didn't seem to be a problem. There is a nice and fairly large fitness center in the basement, where the ice machine and vending machines are also located.The rooms are compact, as you'd expect in NYC. They were very plush, immaculate, and had upscale furnishings and bedding. Two doubles fit, and still allowed room for a desk, table, and tv area. There is no view to speak of, except for from the top floor (ask for it, if you're a PC member). The price was great; about half as much as most of the other hotels in NYC. I don't know why, and I'm certainly not complaining!Though we have family a short train ride away, we've decided that this hotel is so reasonable and wonderful that we'll always stay here instead.	
Nov 3 2009 	Not bad for the price!	The room was a little small but always clean. Good AC. Staff was always very helpful. Wanted to be near the Garden and we were. Just have to make sure when you come back in to your room that the maid staff has replenished everything they were supposed to. Not big on waking up early for breakfast, but for those who are, they had a full assortment including eggs, sausage, bacon etc. Easily saved $ for those who eat early. Would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great bargain for a NYC hotel	I don't usually stay in hotels in NYC, because I usually stay at my friend's apartment. But I needed a room for one night because of some scheduling conflicts. I got a great deal on this room and the location was ideal, just a few blocks from Penn Station. The staff was great. I got there around noon and they were able to let me check in right away. I had to very quickly get back to Penn Station to take a train to Long Island, so I was most grateful to them. The room was nice, clean and comfortable. I don't recall there being any sort of street noise. I believe all Holiday Inn Expresses have free internet and breakfast, which makes for a great bargain.If, for some reason, I again find myself needing a room in NYC, I will certainly consider this hotel again.	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent Stay Will Definitely Be Returning!	The Holiday Inn @ Maddison Square Garden was one of the best stays in NYc I have had. I have stayed at many hotels in the city and this one was the best location and service for the money. Times Square, Herald Square, the Empire State Building and Chelsea are all within walking distance. So is Central Park if you don't mind a bit more of a stroll. If your more in the mood for taking the subway to get where you need to go, you can jump on within a block or 2 in either direction. Only a few minutes ride to Times Square and from there you can catch the subway to just about anywhere you could want to go. The hotel itself is in great condition. The rooms were big enough to have 2 queen size beds and my sister was still able to sleep on the floor in between them. The hotel was ok with having a 5th person in the room, but was just unable to provide a cot due to fire regulations. There is a nice continental breakfast in the morning, so if your on a budget it saves you having to pay for breakfast. I would definitely stay here again, and would reccomend it to anyone wanting to stay in the city.Oh yeah, there is also free wi-fi and a fitness room if your interested.	
Oct 4 2009 	Get to Breakfast Early	New York hotels within the range of the 'average' traveller are expensive with small rooms. Bottom line. The Holiday Inn Express was reasonably priced with decent sized rooms and incl. breakfast.Breakfast is quite literally a bun fight. GET THERE EARLY or you will be waiting aimlessly for a table and the food will be well and truely picked over. That being said, it's great value for NYC and a nice quality hotel.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location	Stayed there for a week in September. Rooms are small but clean and bed are comfy. Gary the Manager was F-A-B-U-L-O-U-S!!! The best I have ever encountered! Could not do enough for us! We have stayed in HI hotels for years and no one is a great as Gary. The hotel is within a 20 min walk to Times Square. Close the Pen Station. Free internet in Foyer. Breakfast can get busy so go early, or take the food back to your room. But for a short stay in NYC. Great value and great service.	
Sep 21 2009 	Comfortable hotel - great location	We stayed in this hotel for a weekend in NYC. The location is excellent, within walking distance of Penn Station (we had taken the train) and several subway lines. And the price really couldn't be beat (it probably helps that we booked our room about 3 months in advance).Our room was small, but had all the usual amenities of the hotel brand, including free Internet. We didn't spend much time in our room anyway. Still, a comfy bed and nice shower go a long way. And the room was immaculate. One minor complaint is that the hallway can get noisy; I could hear people talking loudly in one of the rooms while waiting for the elevator. Free breakfast is a nice addition at this price point, though we did opt to eat at a restaurant one morning so we could enjoy a &quot;real&quot; New York breakfast. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Location	This was our first trip to NYC and we decided upon this hotel due to location and value. It was in a really good location- close to all the touristy things that we wanted to do. Time's Square was really close, Madison Square Garden was around the corner and the subway was easy assessible. The hotel offered a really low rate in this city of expensive hotels. It was adequate for our needs. Rooms small, but from what I have heard this is standarded for most hotels in NYC. FREE breakfast was included. The breakfast area was crowded, but it was free, so we just waited patiently. The only problem we experienced was the hotel ran out of linens-no towels or wash clothes. When I called they sent someone who gave me 2 wash clothes and told me that we would have to &quot;share&quot;. We survived and overall it was a pleasant trip. If you are a luxury traveler, I doubt this would be the place for you, but for those of us who spend limited amount of time in a hotel during a vacation this was perfect!	
Sep 3 2009 	Good value for money in New York	Nothing wrong with this hotel. Great location being close to Empire State Building , Penn Station and subways , Madison Sq. Garden. Contrary to a previous reviewer's comment there are more than six tables for breakfast. There are probably around twelve tables plus more tables outside which some may consider preferable. Yes, it does get busy around 8 to 8.30 a.m. Why don't you go down at 7.45 ? There is a good selection of food including cereals, hard-boiled eggs, yoghurts, bread and bagels for toasting, pastries, ready-made omelettes and sausage patties, fruit and probably more besides.There are three computers in the lobby with free use of internet. All the other hotels we stayed at during our trip charged for their &quot;Business Center&quot;.The bedroom and bathroom were fine and perfectly clean.The price for midtown Manhattan was more than fair given the fact that breakfast and internet use were included .	
Aug 23 2009 	Holiday Inn - works out fine for NYC trip	The four of us stayed in a single room - room was small, but worked out fine. Was close to bus and subway lines. Breakfast was OK. I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. A real plus was the outside tables in front of the Hotel where we could eat our takeout and just people watch.	
Aug 14 2009 	Nice hotel with a central location	We stayed here with my PC points and got a nice room. Location was nice.Breakfast was a complete chaos !!! There were roughly six table for all hotel quests which lead to compleate chaos and I ended eating my breakfast while waiting for the elevator to get back to our room.I'm happy I didn't pay any actual money for the stay !Concierge was nice though we felt a bit ripped-off when trying to get a taxi to the airport when he suggested renting a driver &amp; car instead of getting a taxi.All in all not a nice memory of this hotel.	
Aug 13 2009 	Don't leave anything valuable in your room!	I thought I was being smart by hiding my jewellery in a small jar with my makeup bag, but even then it went missing! (When I think of how much snooping was no doubt done thrugh my stuff it makes me nausous!) I didn't file a report with the New York poice while there, big mistake. And the hotel has not responded to my phone calls and email. Without these reports I can't claim the $500. loss with my insurance company, There are no safes in the rooms, so I would strongly recommend that you leave your good jewellery at home!	
Aug 6 2009 	Perfect Hotel!!!!	We couldnt have picked a better hotel! It was close to everything. The front desk was helpful also. The rooms were awesome clean the beds were very comfortable! Timesuware is in walking distance the Empire State buikding is 2 blocks away. The boarding area for the double decker bus's is only 5 blocks away, the hotel also has free internet in the Lobby with 3 computers and a great breakfast its also 1 block away from a GREAT chinese restraunt called Home on 8th you must go there!!! Stay at this hotel you wont be disappointed!!!!!!	
Aug 4 2009 	Couldn't have asked for more!	This hotel was perfect for what I was after. The location is superb, within walking distance to everything. The staff are friendly and courteous and the cleanliness is exceptional. Nice big comfortable bed and a great shower (my 2 key criteria to a good hotel room!). The breakfast is great - make sure you get there early though to avoid the stampede! The free internet is a huge plus and the gym is really well equipped with nice new cardio equipment! I shopped around so much before I booked my accommodation and I'm so glad I settled with this one. You can't beat the value for money for this hotel in New York City	
Aug 3 2009 	Great location hotel amenities fine.	I stayed here with my girlfriend and another couple for a long weekend trip to NYC. We weren't planning on hanging around the room very much, so the fact that the room itself is quite small wasn't a big deal for us. The 4 of us managed to fit in comfortably, though we are close. No complaints about the the hotel save that the elevator is slow, everything worked out fine, there were two places to park next door, (the one not associated with the hotel gave a better rate, $25/day I believe), there was light breakfast available on the main floor (though there are many better options available nearby) and it's very centrally located in a good neighborhood. I would stay here again. Good for what we needed it for.	
Jul 31 2009 	New York City bargin	The first few days of our trip we stayed in Times Square which was fun but very busy and very expensive. We moved over to this place which is still walking distance to everything. It was a bargin. We got a rate of $139/night which includes free internet, hot breakfast. The rooms were bigger than our Times Square up market hotel, and the service was probably better. Rooms were clean, breakfast was good..... Would recommend it and I would definitely stay here again. Some reviews talked about it being noisy and yes, you can hear the doors shutting but again our one we paid a lot more for we could hear the people next to us VIVIDLY. I think it is just the small NYC hotel rooms. It is basic but for NYC this is a fine.	
Jul 29 2009 	Good for the Money	This was our 3rd trip to New York mainly to see the Yankees in the new stadium. This was the cheapest place we have stayed in NY and for the price this was an excellent choice. The furnishings were updated and the bathroom was nice. Good air conditioner (fan runs all the time which is nice to drown out sounds). Provided free breakfast but be prepared for crowds and limited seating. Very close proximity to a subway station and Penn Station. I felt very safe walking around outside as well. Very helpful concierage who helped us get a taxi when we checked out (didn't expect that type of service at this hotel). There were a few negatives listed below but overall this was an excellent place for the economical visit to NY (if there is such a thing). Negatives included:1. very small rooms and bathrooms (we knew this before we went but still surprises you at how they get 2 double beds in the room).2. Hall noises were loud. Our room was next to the stairwell door and everytime someone used that door we could hear the door slam in our room. Not so great when you're trying to rest or sleep.3. Never had our wash clothes replaced. Ended up using hand towels by the end of our 3 night stay. Requested wash clothes at the front desk and they said they would send some up but I never saw them.4. SLOW ELEVATORS AND SMALL ELEVATORS. Very annoying.5. Limited seating at the breakfast area and very crowded. You kind of have to battle for the food but it's better than spending $$ and finding breakfast in NY.In spite of the negatives, I would definitely go here again and I recommend the Pizza Suprema on 8th Ave next to Madison Square Garden for a good slice of NY pizza.	
Jul 29 2009 	No clue on how to operate a hotel	The hotel is new and clean. Beyond that you can expect nothing. They overbooked the hotel and had no room for our reservation upon arrival. They first gave us a room, somewhat dirty and without pillows, next to the only ice machine in the hotel. After further complints we got another room. This room was fine except that they forgot the towels and did clean the room for two out of four days. They then claimed our reservation was one day short and made us pay extra fees. We never had the lobby breakfast as it was always packed with tables occupied completely. In short, they built a good hotel but they have not a clue how to operate it.	
Jul 28 2009 	Outstanding Staff Clean and a Good Breakfast	We just stayed here this last week, very affordable hotel, very clean with very friendly staff. The staff was extremely helpful, we were travelling with a baby and they made us feel very welcome. The breakfast is also good, elevators take time in the morning but try to stay on a high floor so when they get to you they are empty. They have only one ice machine, no microwave or fridge in the room but they have a common on the main floor which can be used at anytime. This is probably the best holiday-inn I've ever stayed at and usually we never stay at these hotels but I was very pleasantly surprised by the friendliness of the staff and the cleanliness of the rooms. I would most definitely recommend it - it is close to all train station and close to shopping, and the rest.	
Jul 24 2009 	2 Tips use stairs 	Location-Great, Cleaning Staff-Great, but the breakfast is like something out of a pig farm! We stayed here for 3 days and it was really to get sleep, as we were sight seeing all day. The days we stayed, the lifts stopped at every floor up and down, and on checkout it took us 43 mins to get in a lift. we were used to using the stairs, but with all the luggage we couldnt. One of the lifts had a family group in it and they would not get out of the lift, they just kept going up and down for the whole time???? When we complained the counter staff said they were customers like anyone else and if they wanted to stay in the lift then the staff were not going to stop them. This was not taken well by the growing numbers waiting to check out. Overall the stay was fine, but the staff need to be a bit more sympathetic to the majority of their customers well being than to one family.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great value and good location	Located close to the city centre, Holiday Inn Express Madison Square Garden, offers a good location for a tourist visit to New York. The rooms are on the small side but clean and tidy with decent linen.Breakfast for Priority Club members can be served in room, but unfortunately only very basic items can be delivered (not even bread is included!). The breakfast though served in the busy area next to reception is more than satisfying for a budget hotel.No major complaints at all, well recommended!	
Jul 12 2009 	Can't beat the value of this hotel in NYC	My husband and I have traveled to NYC several times, and have stayed at a wide range of places, from the W, to the Novetel, Affinia and a tiny little scary place somewhere in Times Square. For the value, you can't beat the price and cleanliness of the Holiday Inn Express Madison Square Garden. It's just steps away from the subway - and in easy walking distance to Times Square/Broadway. I have not stayed in a room with a cleaner bathroom in NYC, period. The rooms are small, but again for less than $150 a night, in NYC, it's an incredible value (free high speed internet! - and 3 computers in the lobby for guests to use for free). Also - the morning breakfast (just wish the hours were longer) is unbeatable as far as selection - more than just cold cereal and bagels, the breakfast included mini omelets and hot sausage patties as well as cinnamon rolls. If you are trying to save money for other things like shopping and great restaurants in NYC (L'Artusi in the West Village!) then stay at this hotel! Oh - and they even let us keep our bags locked up for over 6 hours AFTER our check-out time!	
Jul 11 2009 	You get what you pay for!	My family wanted to stay in NYC after a cruise vacation. I searched for affordable/clean/reliable accommodations. This hotel served the purpose. However, you do get what you pay for. I've been in bathrooms larger than our room. It was almost comical trying to navigate luggage around the room. If you have very little luggage, go for it. We had four people, three suitcases and four carry-ons and utilized the top of the armoire and every other available space. Thank goodness we really just needed to sleep. On a positive note, the breakfast bar is very nice. In addition, they have a nice seating area in front of the hotel. It was nice to sit out there and enjoy the summer mornings and evenings. This hotel seems to be in a fairly nice/safe area. It is within walking distance to the Empire State Building and Madison Square Garden. If you do the Grayline Hop on - Hop off tours, you can hop off about 5 blocks from the hotel. Beware...ask if your room is in the back, facing the alley. I listened to the thump thump thump of a club to fall asleep. Thank goodness I am not a light sleeper. Sound proofing was not a priority when building this hotel and I hope I woke my neighbor with the slamming of my door.  Overall, if you are traveling on a budget, this will do.	
Jul 7 2009 	Perfect stay	I stayed there for the 4th July holiday and it was my second at this hotel. My brother and me had a lovely stay right from the beginning! We had a lovely and clean room on the 5th floor facing the front entrance. There was no problem sleeping at night, even with the little noise of the closing room doors. Breakfast was really good with a lot of choices! As it is complentary you cannot ask for more! The free wifi is perfect to check your Emails or even look for some directions! I am sure we are going to stay at this hotel the next time we'll go to NYC! For us there is no reason to stay at any other hotel in the city!	
Jul 3 2009 	Good Choice for those on a budget	I stayed in this hotel over Saint Patricks Day weekend. I got a great rate on Travelzoo. The Hotel is within an easy walk of Penn Central and is a good choice for those coming into the city by train. Their are two subways near the hotel and while it is not in one of the most stellar of neighborhoods, we felt safe walking back to our room at night. The hotel features your standard Holiday Inn express breakfast which was kept stocked. There was helpful staff who could book events for you. Rooms were tiny, but they were clean. The Hotel is in buisness area so their were few restaurants or other types of amentities close by, but plenty within a moderate walk or a subway stop away. Had a good stay in a great city and would stay again given a good deal.	
Jun 29 2009 	Two Sleepless Nights	We arrived on Saturday night and our room was on the back side of the hotel, apparently across from a club. The music boomed until about 5 in the morning. On Sunday night, there was no music. I was asleep and the front desk called at 11:30. He told me they were working on the cable. He said the TV, internet, and phones would not work until 6 a.m. He told me to leave the phone off the hook until 6:00 a.m.When I checked in, they gave me a number to call to have breakfast items delivered to the room (we are Priority Platinum members). Both days no one answered the number. I just received a message saying that the mailbox was full.The people at the front desk were nice and so was the maid who fixed our roll away bed. The room was small, but I expected that after reading others reviews. The hotel was clean and the breakfast was good, crowded by good. If they put you in a handcapped room be careful of the inside of the bathroom door. The door closes hard and fast. There is a low towel hook. The door slammed on me and the hook bruised my arm. As other people said, the doors slam a lot. The hotel is about a five minute walk to restaurants and shopping, like Macy's. It is close to Penn Station. If you are not used to taking subways, Penn station is not an easy station to start with as it has several lines.We had free wifi easy to set up.	
Jun 22 2009 	Very nice Hotel centrally located clean room great breakfast.	Stayed at the Hotel for three nights over the Father's Day weekend. Even though the property was very crowded, the staff did a great job of keeping the breakfast well stocked. This is a nice property. We will return to this hotel.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great location very nice staff	It was our first time in NYC, and we were very pleased. I spoke with the staff for advice many times, and they were extremely friendly and helpful. Especially compared with the hotel we had to change to for our last evening. Rooms are small, but I think that is typical. Breakfast was good, but again breakfast room was too small for number of people there, especially since it was raining and exterior tables were off limits. Subway was just around corner, and I guess the discount parking was convenient. AGain, they offered a discount, and we paid half of what we paid when we changed hotels. Would definitely stay again. Jeremie was particularly helpful	
Jun 17 2009 	very good location	I stayed here for one night on business. The location is excellent, just less than a 5 min walk from Penn station, yet very quiet. Rooms were good and clean, and I appreciated the free wifi and breakfast (not as elaborate as you have in luxury hotels, but very good).This hotel gives you an excellent location, good rooms, at a decent price.	
Jun 11 2009 	Hit and Miss	We had reserved a non-smoking 2 double bed room for 3 days, all pre-paid on my credit card weeks prior to our trip. Upon arrival at the hotel, we found out the only room available was a smoking room with king size bed. THey had overbooked. We slept 4 people on a king size bed that night! They did not even have any extra blankets to provide us, nor were they very apologetic about the situation. Upon speaking to the manager the next day, we were told that the room type is only a 'request' and is not guaranteed, and there was no compensation b/c the king size bed room is the same price as 2 double beds. All of it sounded pretty unreasonable to me, and I had already prepaid the whole amount, but we let it go so as not to ruin our vacation.The next day they switched us to a 2 double bed room. As we were getting ready for bed that night, there was a knock on the door. My mom went over to the peep hole and saw 3 men standing on the other side. She was about to open the door when to our surprise the door began to open. They had a key to the room! The door was opened halfway before the man saw my mom standing there, he said 'sorry' and hastly shut the door. We were pretty freaked out. We talked to the front desk and they were concerned as well, after calling around they found that some workers had been instructed to enter to 'clean the room' by mistake. What hotel does housekeeping at night? it was already past midnight at that time, we could have been sleeping and 3 strange men were coming into our room. I shudder at the thought.The key cards kept on malfunctioning and we had to get them reset at the front desk multiple times. Probably we put them too near our credit cards or what not, I heard that older key card systems are sensitive that way, but it was quite annoying. The other 2 hotels we stayed at during our trip did not have this problem.Pros about this hotel:1)cheap2)good location, convienent and good shops/food closeby, safe, close to subway3)breakfast included and tea and water available all day4) a couple parking garages right next door at a reasonable price (for NYC)5)Clean and updated rooms and bath. not very big but it is NYC.6)internet cafe and workout room in the basement was niceYou get what you pay for, take a chance if you will. This hotel is hit and miss.	
Jun 10 2009 	awesome hotel to stay at	my friend and i were going to nyc for spring break and didn't book our hotel until literally right before we left. it was more than we wanted to pay for a hotel, but we decided in the end that it was worth it. our room was very clean, there was a complimentary breakfast in the morning that was kindof crowded but had a nice selection. the employees were friendly, and they had hot tea and coffee in the lobby all hours of the day. it is also very conveniently located with tons of attractions and penn station nearby if you want to commute further. would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to nyc!	
Jun 3 2009 	Convenient Location	This hotel is conveniently located and only 2 blocks from the subway. We never felt unsafe walking back to the hotel from the subway because the area is vibrant. This is a newly built structure so everything is modern and clean. We got an excellent rate and we stayed for 4 nights. The first night was a disappointment because the room was near the stairway and all night the doors open &amp; shut which kept us awake. We asked to have the room changed the next morning and Indira(?) at the front desk was kind enough to arrange for us. We had no noise problem with the new room and we slept very well on a comfortable king bed. A decent hot and cold continental breakfast was included but at times the dinning area is crowded -maybe because of March Break? All in all a very pleasant stay.	
May 15 2009 	Good location for exploring New York	We found this a good value hotel and a great location for exploring New York. The rooms are small but when you are in a city like this you spend very little time in your room anyway. That said they are clean and the bed is comfortable. The only complaint we would have is breakfast. While there was a good selection to choose form the breakfast room was just to small for the amount of people there and it became a bit chaotic there.	
May 10 2009 	great value great location nice hotel	Nothing outstanding about the rooms, small but the location, value, breakfast, NYC....all made it a great choice.The staff are top notch, some of the best I have met.Location is everything here and you are right in mid town Manhattan, two blocks from the Garden. Great Breakfast too!!	
May 10 2009 	QUITE GOOD IN NYC	Excellent locationVery quiet room, nice beds,but as mentionned in previous posts,a bit too small for a family of 4..Good HousekeepingCool bathroom with tub, but very bad hairdryerNice and helpful staffGreat breakfast, but be down there before 8 AM, otherwise, you will have to stand in line and queue for a while until a table gets available...	
May 9 2009 	Great hotel for the money	We paid $110 USD a night for 9 nights and found the hotel to be great. It was about a 2/3 minute walk to 28th street subway which was 2 stops to time square. Hotel room was very small which is expected for New York. Very quiet street which was good as halfway between 7th and 8th avenue. Free breakfast was good but got very crowded best to head down early. Breakfast consisted of hot cinnamon rolls, bagels, muffins, coffee, juice, cereal, fruit, yoghurt. Small but good gym which had 2 x treadmills, 1 x bike and free weights. 3 x computers offering free internet.	
May 5 2009 	Greate hotel near everything in New York City	Good hotel near Madison Square Garden, Penn Station and all kind of places.Greate room, greate people that work in the hotel.It could be small for more than 4 people with lot of baggae.	
May 4 2009 	Not Usually a Fan of Holiday Inns Pleasantly Surprised	For the second time within the last several months, I have stayed at a Holiday Inn property, not generally my lodging of choice, and I have been pleasantly surprised and pleased with my stay. The staff was very courteous and equally accommodating. Our room was immaculately clean, and the entire hotel seemed to be clean and well-maintained. The room was a bit small with a view of another building, as we've often experienced in New York, but it was well equipped and comfortable. There was a nice whirlpool bath that opened up to the guest area, all of the plumbing fixtures worked properly (no leaks, no clogged drains), the towels were soft and absorbent, the mattress was very comfortable, and the ventilation system worked well. There was a recycling bin in the room, but I would have liked to have seen energy-saving lighting.There are some shortcomings to the property, but not enough to detract from my rating. Other reviewers have mentioned the noisy guest room doors, and this is true. If guests are not careful, the doors will slam loudly, echoing down the hall. Loud guests who engage in conversation in the hallway can also be disturbing, but this only occurred once during the night. The breakfast area is a bit too small for the size of the hotel, but I asked another couple if we could join them, and we enjoyed a pleasant breakfast conversation. The food selection at breakfast was okay, but could have been better. (For example, if the bananas are not ripe, don't put them out.)Probably the biggest shortcoming with the property is the fact that the validated parking garage is about half a mile away. (Really!) Depending upon the weather, a guest's ability to walk the distance, or other factors, this could be a problem. It certainly is not convenient. On the flip side, the validated parking reduced our fee from over $40.00 (for one night) to the hotel's $24.00 rate.I have pointed out the property's shortcomings and minor complaints, but let me once again emphasize that we were overall pleased with our stay, particularly the cleanliness of the property and the courtesy of the staff.	
Apr 27 2009 	Life in the fast lane	This hotel was chosen for two reasons...Broadway show and proximity.The hotel is .9 mile away and a great walk. Driving to New York is hell and getting to this hotel by car was an adventure in itself. The hotel is great in terms of its amenities but they really should have a contract next door. Not wanting to park and drive anymore, I ended up parking next door at which the guy told me $25 overnight. You can almost tell when a guy is lying just to make a living. To me, that was okay. I did end up paying $38 the next day but that $13 extra was worth not driving a street over and 5 blocks away on rush hour traffic, walking, and doing it again the next day.As for the hotel, eat breakfast early. The place was so full of people that I just ate outside where there are chairs and tables despite the cool weather. There are only 3 or 4 computers down the basement and needed the printer to print my boarding passes. The room was cramped with 2 adults 2 seniors and a child but was worth the $130 special which equates to $26/person. With the free breakfast, this hotel was a deal. Our walk at 12midnight felt safe and did not feel threatened in any way. A street performer actually sang &quot;bring your baby home&quot; on our way to the hotel.	
Apr 24 2009 	Friendly staff clean rooms and in a great location.	ProsStaff were friendly and helpful.Hotel was smart and clean inside.Room was a good size room and was clean and tidy. King size bed was very comfortable.Breakfast was busy but people were always moving on. Not a huge selection of food but there was something for everyone.Luggage claim was very handy if you have a late flight as check out is 12.Easy walking distance to attractions.ConsYou can hear the room doors bang if there's inconsiderate (or drunk!) people about so take earplugs if you are a light sleeper. Was there 5 nights but only one of these where we were awoken throughout the night by the doors. Think the hotel should advise guests to close the doors with a little more care but it would not put me off going back at all.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great place to stay great location but room doors make so much noise!	We stayed on 12th floor here for 3 nights last week, great complimentary breakfast (cinnamon buns to die for!) although very busy at times as it is quite a small area to sit but we took breakfast to our room instead. We were at the front of the building above street but with window closed at night didn't hear a thing! Amazing view of Empire State from window, wireless internet was brilliant. The only thing I have to say is that the room doors are very poorly designed, they make such a noise when closing them, even when trying to shut them quietly as to not disturb other guests. Most of the guests in our neighbouring rooms just let them slam which when you are fast asleep at 3am sounds like an explosion! Not the noise you want to hear! Other than that a great stay!	
Apr 20 2009 	If again in NY It is my only Choice!	I chose this hotel based on TripAdvisor reviews and I cannot say how happy I am from this decision. The location is great, The staff are great especially their supervisors called Gary and ????;So helpful and welcoming. The breakfast eas the best on its range. It has every thing you need for a good hotel , unbeleivably great location near major atractions and metro stations.The only weak point is that 2 lifts are not enough for a 12 storey building.	
Apr 19 2009 	Nice choice	Good location only a few blocks from Penn Station. Comfortable hotel with very helpful desk staff. Quiet, clean, nice room for NYC	
Apr 12 2009 	Surprise surprise - a NYC hotel that’s nearly value for money!	We recently enjoyed a 4 night stay and were very pleasantly surprised at the high standard of this hotel. Features such as complimentary breakfast (although best to eat before 8am to avoid the rush!) and internet were the icing on the cake!We had requested a quiet, high floor room and although we were initially allocated a low level room at check-in, our prompting soon had this altered. Our room was modern, comfortable and well-equipped. If only the door had offered better insulation from corridor noise it would have been perfect! Location wise, the hotel was great!We found its central positioning enabled a realistic walk to many attractions, although the subway or taxis were never far away! As far as eating goes, we enjoyed fantastic Japanese and Greek food in the immediate area. Next time we’re in NYC, we know where we’ll be staying!	
Apr 6 2009 	Loud Small Expensive and poor value!	Well after paying almost $1500 for the weeks stay, i expected to at least be able to eat breakfast until 9am. on 3 occasions during the week, breakfast was packed up early. The rooms need some kind of sound deadening, and the locks were so loud that when people were getting back to the hotel all night long we were woken up. Rooms wouldn't be cleaned until 4-5pm (10th floor) and we were almost always back at the room after a whole day in the city before the room was offered to be cleaned. Absolutely atrocious. The room was so small i was honestly feeling claustrophobic! Seriously, I'm sure the value and clenliness and service would be better at a hostel.... take my word for it, I'm pretty forgiving whn it comes to hotel, and after staying in 9 different hotels whilst in the states for a month this was BY FAR THE WORST and MOST EXPENSIVE!	
Apr 1 2009	Great Value Location Accommodating Staff	I was here with a group of 70 high school studant. There is not mauc in way of ammenities but there is a continental plus breakfast. The staff was extremely accomodating, rooms were updated and very clean but they are small. Location is excellent if you are trying to stay in the middle of lower Manhattan (couth of Central Park).	
Mar 29 2009	Great location very clean.	fab hotel, good location for subways, buses and walking of course. BUT take ear plugs the corridors are very noisy or rather the people that insist in having phone conversations not in their rooms...... The doors slam and someone decided that their dog neeeded a break, it spent hours barking one nght non stop whilst they were out,. Like others have said breakfast was busy but only near 9am, get up early and you'll have no problems. Safety deposit boxes behind the reception readiky available, so was the tea and coffee. The rooms whilst small were spotless, the bathroom immaculate.	
Mar 28 2009 	Excellent location and facilities	We stayed in this hotel for 7 nights and had no complaints at all. Very central location, close to 2 tube stations and literally 5 mins walk to Macys and the Empire State Building. The room was not massive but big enough, the bed however was massive and very comfortable. Nice touch having tea and coffee in the rooms and the toiletries were also very handy.Breakfast was excellent and saved us a lot of money. Great choice, always hot and tasty.Try Amadeus pizza for excellent, good value for money food ( 8th ave-a few mins from hotel) try the old fashioned bakery opposite for desert and Brother Jimmys Barbecue was very good too.We would recommend this hotel to anyone and will definately stay there again.	
Mar 27 2009 	Better than expected	In NYC for a convention at the Javits Center and spent 2 nights at the HIE- a fifteen minute walk. The room was small- there was about a foot of space between the corner of the bed and the wall which you had to squeeze through to get to the bathroom (which in comparison to the room is spacious!) It was okay for me, traveling alone, but I wouldn't try to fit more than 2 people in that room. There is no closet, just a little armoire. The mattress and pillows were really comfy. Really clean modern bathroom. The only thing that really bothered me was the fact that I could hear when anyone opened their doors at my end of the floor. Sounded as loud as if it were my own door's latch. Kind of annoying in the middle of the night. The front desk staff was pleasant. Breakfast was good. The coffee is suprisingly really good. Internet service wasn't that great- signal wasn't very strong. The neighborhood felt safe and Penn Station is about a 5 min walk. I will definitely stay here again when traveling to NYC. Clean, up-to-date furnishings, nice bathroom, cheap parking around the corner, and in a great location. Can't beat if for $140/night for a weekend stay.	
Mar 8 2009 	Central Location and Good Quality	This hotel is very good if you're willing to walk short(ish) distances or to pay for very short cab rides. The rooms very extremely pleasant. A very good breakfast (including: cooked food; waffles; doughnuts; biscuits; cakes; cereal). 24 hour coffee urn in lobby. High quality gym. Internet in business centre worked but took a while. Wifi throughout hotel.Really enjoyed stay.	
Mar 8 2009 	Great value great location	Great hotel. Just a few minutes walk from Penn Station or Madison Square Garden. Very convenient for Macys! Hotel itself is on a quiet street so you get a decent nights sleep after all the sightseeing. The room was clean and comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful. There were 3 PC's with internet access available which was handy. Free tea &amp; coffee was available throughout the day which was great. The breakfast buffet has cereal, some hot food, pastries, yoghurt etc which saved us a lot of time and money. Overall we thought it was great value for money and an enjoyable weeks stay.	
Feb 25 2009 	Good location for MSG pricey for HI express	Stayed 4 nights with my wife and some friends. Was right at MSG for basketball and hockey games. A bit of a cab ride to time square although there is a subway station a block away. The rooms were the smallest I have ever encountered, but maybe thats how NY is? Breakfast was crouded but they had some decent continental and hot choices. Really no complaints except the price, but NY is NY and location costs.	
Feb 17 2009 	Excellent NYC Hotel	I stayed at this hotel one night and would highly recommend it. Check in was very quick and hotel staff was friendly. We recieved an &quot;upgraded&quot; room without asking. Room was on the 12th floor. Did not hear any street noise what so ever. The walls are also not as thin as other hotels. We did not hear any neighbors. No trouble at all with the elevators. The room size for New York was surprisingly big, however that may be what the &quot;upgrade&quot; was. We went to breakfast very late in the morning. Just about 15 minutes before it was set to end and there was still a good selection. Seating was crowded, but I enjoy bringing back to the room any way. Can't recommend this hotel enough.	
Feb 15 2009 	Great clean and good location	Friend and I stayed here in November. Was clean and staff were friendly. Fantastic location right near the train station, 5th Avenue and 20 minute walk to Times Square. Room was small but hey aren't all NYC hotel rooms tiny? e got a great breakfast every day in with the deal and had free internet access. Would stay there again in a heartbeat! Quiet and Clean and god location - and reasonable (for NY) price.	
Feb 13 2009 	Clean affordable convenient	Stayed two nights at the HIE MSG in June 2008. Overall, fairly pleased with experience. Room was of decent size (around 200 sq ft) for NYC--good for price paid/quality level of hotel. Free hot breakfast was fairly good too, although breakfast area was always overcrowded and very busy. Some issues with elevators while staying there--one of two elevators wasn't working at times, so often resorted to taking the stairs or waiting a long while. Even with both elevators running, often long waits at peak hours with a full house.Rooms are clean, comfortable, with modern decor. Nothing special but functional and attractive. Location is convenient to MSG/Penn Station area and heart of Chelsea is just a few blocks south of hotel. Discount parking was available for $26/day at a garage a few blocks away--a good deal for the area (check with hotel for details).I'd consider staying here again if I could get a room at a good price. Rate in late June was around $225/night--not a bad deal.	
Feb 11 2009 	Excellent value great experience!	I stayed here with my dog that was entered in the Westminster Kennel Club dog show. I got an excellent rate through the Holiday Inn Priority Club.The location to Madison Square Garden was excellent. The hotel was easy to find and it was relatively easy to get a spot to unload our luggage. There are parking lots next door, but the preferred parking garage is a street over and 2 blocks down. Be prepared to walk back to the hotel if you park there! Even though parking is listed for $24/day on the website, that price is for small cars. To park my minivan it was $10 more per day. Still, an excellent price.The hotel staff was courteous and check-in was done as promptly as possible even though it was quite busy. Our room was small as other reviewers have noted. It was very clean, organized and fresh. The bathroom was larger than I expected and included a 3/4 tub with good water pressure. Our 2 double bed room overlooked a patio courtyard and was not at all noisy. The high speed internet was free, fast and easy to access. The adjustable electronic thermostat worked great and we were quite comfortable.The continental breakfast was nice. Priority Club members can avoid the long breakfast lines and have food delivered to the room each morning. Items included pancakes, cheese omelets, cereals, muffins, fruit, etc... The coffee service was availabe 24/7.I will definitely stay here again.	
Feb 5 2009 	Bad Experience	Date: January 26 to February 2, 2009Reviewer: Lee Pu ShengWe have just returned from a week stay at the Holiday Inn Express Madison Square Garden NYC, and the experience was terrible! My wife left her purse in the room the only time and found out that someone took US$300 from her! Four T-shirts were also missing from our luggage after we check them with the hotel since we had a late flight home!! Ironically, one of the T-shirt had the new American president's picture on it; :Yes We Can- Steal!!!&quot;There is certain a negligence on our part since we should have all our stuff with us when going out, also, we would not be able to provide any solid evidence to prove the said thefts were carried out by abyone in the hotel; still, we would like to remind all possible customers: Be Prepared!!!!	
Jan 20 2009 	disappointed	We often stay at the holiday inn express hotels throughout the USA.I was really disappointed with the size of the rooms, we had 3 people in our room with 2 double beds and there was absolutely no room to move.The buffet breakfast was crowded and there were not enough tables to fit everyone and the whole experience was awful.This breakfast was one reason we stayed there and most mornings we didnt even bother to eat there as there was no room.The location was good although i think it is better to stay closer to Times Square.Also while we were there, the lift broke down so we had to climb the stairs which was exhausting.Wouldnt stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 19 2009 	Overall a good place for a budget traveler but with some inconveniences	I have stayed at this hotel 3 times, and choose it when I can get a very good rate – they often have lower rates than other nearby hotels of similar quality and I have also landed on this hotel via Hotwire. The hotel is clean, safe, in a good location, and the room furnishings/bedding are in good condition. Rooms are quite small, even slightly smaller than typical Manhattan rooms with just a body-wide space to walk around 3 sides of the bed. However, there are a few moderate inconveniences: First, there are only 2 elevators for a larger 15-story hotel, and there is no separate staff elevator -- so, expect long waits every time you go up and down, particularly around check-out times. It is particularly inconvenient that the elevator stops very often for hotel staff members getting on and off, including housekeepers and their carts (on multiple occasions we stopped at 4+ different floors just for hotel employees getting on/off – at times, hotel employees were in the elevator when it was full, leaving guests to wait for the next one). Secondly, we called the hotel front desk because the bathroom fan was running 24x7 and could not be turned off. We were told that most of their rooms on high floors are required to keep the fans on and nothing could be done. Even with the bathroom door closed, you could hear a constant fan humming through the door which was a little annoying ...the good thing was that on the 15th floor with every little NYC street noise – overall this will not prevent me from staying here at a good price, but it does prevent me from giving this hotel a high score. They have an &quot;OK&quot; free continental breakfast -- mostly pastries, juice, coffee, yogurt, etc. -- nothing special, except the fact it's fast and free.So, if you find a bargain rate and can live with the above inconveniences, this is a good place to stay. I suggest asking for a room between the 7th and the 10th floor, high enough to minimize NYC street noise while avoiding the highest floors to minimize elevator inconvenience and the fan problem noted above.	
Jan 17 2009 	Wonderful stay!	Was extremely pleased with this hotel and the location is great. Every staff member encountered from the time we walked through the doors was very friendly and welcoming. This will be the first place I check for future stays in New York. Reasonably priced, comfortable accommodations, variety at breakfast buffet, conveniently located to Penn St and great places to eat. It was an all around wonderful experience.	
Jan 17 2009	Really liked this place!	I stay in hotels 50 - 70x a year, and I've stayed at probably 20 places in NYC. This visit was with my daughter for fun. The hotel was very reasonably priced. The room was tiny! However, we spent very little time there, so the more important criteria were that it was well situated (an easy walk to Times Square and very near the subway, close to some fine Chelsea restaurants), clean, and quiet. The staff was very helpful. I did not use any of the workout facilities. Wireless was free and fast. The restaurant was vastly overpriced for breakfast, so we only made that mistake only once. Overall, a very good experience.	
Jan 15 2009	Great Location nice hotel	Got a great deal on this hotel using Hotwire (where you don't know the actual hotel until you've booked). The hotel rooms are fine, although without any stunning view or anything (our room looked down into a courtyard), but we weren't in New York to look out of the hotel window. The complimentary breakfast was good - the cinnamon buns were just the least healthy possible thing to eat, I'm sure, but they tasted good. The breakfast area was too small to accomodate all the people, but we got down to breakfast at around 8, and it was fine - a little after that and it became a nightmare and just got worse until we left the hotel at about 10am.The location was great, within walking distance of a range of nice bars and restaurants on 8th street (I think) down towards Chelsea. The complimentary &quot;business centre&quot; was some PCs with free printers, so you could check-in online if necessary (very useful if flying with Delta - what a horrible terminal they have at JFK! But that's another story).Complimentary coffee is available all day, which is nice when you get back from tramping round New York all day.Overall, very nice hotel and I'd recommend it.	
Jan 7 2009 	Excellent alternative in NY	We stayed at this hotel for three nights and we were very pleased with it. Clean, good rate for NY, looked modern, free breakfast, good location very close to Penn station, 34th St., etc.The only tip I can give you is that you should go to the breakfast early in the morning; otherwise you will end making a line to get it, and you will not find a seat and will ahve to take it upstairs to your room.	
Jan 1 2009 	Great location but some inconveniences	I stayed in this hotel for a weel and in general, I am satisfied with my stay. It was walking distance to a lot of places and attractions, as well as to bus, train and subway stations. There are restaurants close to it and also plenty of stores.The breakfast in the morning was always warm, fresh and very good, although it was hard to find a place to sit and most days, I had to take breakfast to my bedroom. Also, there was always coffee and tea available in the lobby. There were a couple of things I was not satisfied about. One is that the heater in my bedroom was so loud that I didn´t get one night of good sleep while I was there, even using ear plugs, if you have sensitive sleep, I don´t recomend to take the risk. I complained because the heater in my father´s bedroom was not that loud and they told me to turn it off... not much of a help, considering it was december and I´d rather sleep bad than get a cold in my vacation.Another thing I was not satisfied about was that the room service was inconsistent. In 7 days I was there, I didn´t get toiletteries nor clean towels, nor tea or coffee in my bedroom for 2 days. The bedroom was always cleaned and the bed made, but to forget to leave clean towels 2 out of 7 days I think is a thing to mention. I also complained about in in the reception and I got woken up at 6:30 am with clean towels.Besides these two things, I would recommend this hotel for its location, for the breakfast and the fact that it was neat and clean.Also, I must say that the street where it is located felt quite safe to me, which I think is important if you plan to go back to the hotel at night.	
Dec 23 2008 	Great Location Great Customer Service	I was able to get a room for six nights with two double beds with my rewards points for our family trip. We found the location to be great. We have stayed at Holiday Inn Express hotels in quite a few states so we were used to the wonderful breakfast that they serve. At this hotel the space is a bit small but we never had trouble getting a table. Our room was very clean. The people at the front desk went out of there way to be helpful as did the gentleman at the concerige desk. The only thing I would probably do different if I was to go back is get two rooms. I had been warned by many friends that the rooms in New York were a good bit smaller than what we were accustomed to. It was true! However a family of four managed to make it for six days with a little organization. A helpful tip I have used for travel would be to take a clear Over the Door shoe holder for the bathroom for your tolietries, curling irons and such. It helps with the clutter and gives you a little more counter space.	
Dec 21 2008 	Great place great rate!	We just returned from a weekend get a way to NYC. It was our first time. Our family loved the trip. The sights and sounds of NY were wonderful. The hotel was great! The rooms are not huge but it's NY and I didn't expect them to be big. But they were clean, the hallways quiet and the hot breakfast was outstanding. We were close to everything. We didn't know how to navigate the city but the front desk staff couldn't have been nicer. They gave us maps, tips on travel, recommended routes etc. They were very friendly and efficient at check in and at check out. We truly had a great stay and will visit this Holiday Inn Express again.	
Dec 21 2008 	will be back..	Fantastic stay, stayed here for a few days before thanksgivingSpotlessly clean and the breakfast was a welcome surprise	
Dec 19 2008 	Excellent	Stayed here 24th-30th November. My sister and I had booked two rooms and requested that they were next door to each other, which they were. Check in was super quick and the staff were always helpful and friendly. We both had a double room and the rooms were lovely. They're not huge but not tiny either. Perfectly fine and cleaned very well on a daily basis. Breakfast was good and plentiful - lots of cereal, fruit, yoghurt, toast and some hot items (eggs, sausage, pancakes....), but it's true, the breakfast area is small and does get crowded. But we did get a table every time we ate at the hotel so it's not too bad. The best thing about the hotel is it's location - 5 minutes away from MSG and Macy's. We did a lot of walking but also took the subway quite a few times and it's a 2 minute walk from the Hotel. The basement also has about 3 computers connected to the internet which you can use for free.	
Dec 11 2008	Great Little Hotel	While the rooms were small, they were clean and modern. We had three staying in each of three rooms. No problem. The breakfast was terrific. I expected stale rolls and some coffee - I don't know why my expectations were so low! Everything was really good and there was a large choice. The hotel isn't in my favorite location, but it was easy to get to the subway, taxis, and a very short walk to Times Square. Finally, the concierge was extremely helpful. Actually, the entire staff was wonderful. A rare thing for New York! I'd stay here again.	
Dec 10 2008 	Beware these Rip-off Artists!	I booked this location for business the week before Thanksgiving for the first day of December. My client changed the trip dates on us and the hotel would NOT let us cancel. Even though I called them more than a full week before my planned stay they told me they could not allow me to cancel the room (more like would not!). THEY BILLED ME OVER $550.00 FOR A CANCELLED ROOM that I never used.We all they being in Manhattan they were able to rent this room.The Holiday Inn NYC MSG basically STOLE over $550.00 from me. BEWARE!	
Dec 5 2008 	Great Customer Service	I enjoyed receiving excellent service. The room I was in was not to my expectation, the front night auditor suggested another room and I decided to keep the one assigned and waited for my request. I received what I asked for and enjoyed my stay. The entire staff were very nice, and on top of that the early breakfast was free hot and very enjoyable..................I loved the stay!	
Nov 29 2008 	great location good price for NYC....breakfast	Good price through Priceline for NYC. Rooms are a bit small, to be expected in NYC. Hotel seems clean, staff helpful. I've stayed a couple of times with no complaints. The breakfast is very good. Pleanty of space. Free wireless internet.	
Nov 19 2008 	Worst hotel room I have ever stayed in.	I reserved a suite with a king size bed and Jacuzzi tub on the Holiday Inn website. Then I discovered a friend would be traveling with me and I added a comment to the reservation asking for 2 double beds in place of the king suite. I called the hotel and the receptionist said she got the request and would try to accommodate the request and to ask about it when I got to the hotel the following week. When I arrived too early to check in on Saturday, October 11, 2008, the receptionist said they have rooms with double beds available and to return at check in time to get the room. I returned to the hotel at 6:00 p.m. to check in. The new receptionist said they were out of double bedded rooms and the only way to accommodate us was to put us in the wheelchair accessible room with a queen bed and to request a roll-away bed. I asked him to get us the roll away bed right away to ensure we would have a place for my friend to sleep. He did and we went downstairs to the subterranean level to room 102.As we got off the elevator, we were shocked that the entire hallway was blocked by huge laundry bins and dirty laundry piled up throughout the floor space. It was so clogged up that the employees sorting the dirty laundry had to lift our luggage over the piles for us and we had to climb over them to get to our room. The hallway smelled like disgusting wet towels and sheets. It was so filthy! Unfortunately, since there were no more double bedded rooms and since the hotel was completely sold out we didn’t have any other option than to stay in that room.That night, in the middle of the night, the workers outside the hallway were being very loud. My friend had to ask them to quiet down, which they did and apologized. Then half an hour later the noise started up again. We came to discover the next morning that the employee break room was next to our room and the employees were bringing their small children to work with them. If we could not get down the hallway without the assistance of the employees with our luggage, it is absolutely inconceivable that a disabled person in a wheelchair could possibly navigate through the piles of dirty laundry and the bins taking up hall space. This is a violation of laws governing disabled access. I encouraged the hotel to investigate and solve the issue for future disabled guests. I have forwarded my complaint to the hotel twice and followed up. I still have not received a response. I hope my experience will serve as a warning to future travelers!	
Nov 10 2008 	Great little hotel!	This Holiday Inn Express is a terrific value located a couple of blocks south of Madison Square Garden. The neighborhood wasn't prime, but within a few blocks are restaurants, bars and shopping (Macy's Herald Square). We arrived super early in the morning, were able to store our bags (no charge) and we hit the Grayline Uptown/Downtown Loop Tour (a great way to get the lay of the land). When we returned to the hotel, we checked in and went up to our room. The room was quite small, but spotlessly clean with a nice, new-looking bathroom. We did have a slight bit of noise Saturday night (sounded like there was a dance club nearby) but it wasn't that loud and we were able to put in our earplugs and sleep away. The complimentary breakfast at this hotel is extensive--and delicious!! There are omelettes, sausage, biscuits, cinnamon rolls, bagels and the list goes on and on. It's not a 5 star, but all in all, a great place--highly recommended!	
Oct 20 2008 	Kind and polite but not pretentious	Everything in this property was as expected and some things we´re even better. Almost an instant response from front office to an email concerning details of the rate we had chosen before our arrival was perfectly in line with everyhing else: kind and polite, but not pretentious. Everyone we met at this hotel we´re doing a wonderful job being like that!If you´re thinking about staying in this hotel, you´re probably not looking for some luxurious options that New York City has plenty to offer, but good basic accomodations for a reasonable price.I think this is one of the best ones in this gategory and it is quitepossible that we´ll be staying there again in the future especially when staying in Chelsea.	
Oct 15 2008	Great hotel great location	HI Express at Madison Square Garden is a great hotel. It is conveniently located only 1 block from a red line subway stop and is near Macy's, Penn Station and some great restaurants. The continental breakfast is great, includes some hot items in addition to bagels, donuts, muffins, cereal, etc. My only complaints - I had requested a cot when I made my reservation and called to confirm it, and when I got there they told me that my room doesn't allow a cot, only the handicapped accessible rooms. Also, we were in room 411, and it was right behind the elevator shaft. I think this made the room quite a bit smaller and also somewhat noisy from the sound of the elevator. Overall, it is a great hotel at a great rate (I paid $200 a night during Columbus Day weekend!).	
Oct 14 2008 	Great Location	I was a big fan of this hotel. First the positives: breakfast was good, with a good selection of food; the location was excellent, with the 28th street stop on the 1 train only about a block away and Penn Station about 5 blocks; there are lots of food and bar options in the immediate area; the rooms are OK sized, by NYC standards; the staff was great; and the street is relatively quiet for NYC. Now the negatives: I would reccomend staying on a lower floor, as there are only 2 elevators for the whole hotel, and the wait could stretch to 4-5 minutes during busy times; also the breakfast area was terribly packed, making it difficult to find a seat and get food. Overall, a good value in a great location.	
Oct 12 2008	Oct. 2nd and 3rd 2008	Breakfast was fantastic. Rooms were clean. All the staff was pleasant and helpful. Guests were quiet and friendly. We would highly recommend this Hotel.	
Oct 8 2008 	Loved it!	My husband and I have just got back from spending 5 amazing nights in New York. We booked our stay with the Holiday Inn Express after a last minute cancel of our pre-booked hotel - Hotel Pennsylvannia (thank god! - the reviews for this hotel are really bad!). We were really happy with the Holiday Inn Express in Madison Square Garden. On the first night, we were placed on the first floor right next to the lifts. This was unfortunately really nosiy, especially when everyone came down to breakfast in the morning! However, after notifying the front desk of the issue, they kindly moved us to the 7th floor which was a lot better! The rooms are a great size and very clean! They provide you with ample towels and nice little creams and shampoos. The TV is HUGE and has all the major channels which is a nice break after a long day of sightseeing and shopping. The added bonus of staying in the hotel is the morning breakfast. Whilst it's no gourmet buffet, some toast and coffee really hits the spot! It also means you don't have to go wondering the city for breakfast in the morning. The location is good, but considering we spent most of our time in Time Sqaure and towards Central Park, it can be a long walk back. There isn't much around Madison Square Garden itself, with Macy's located some 3 blocks away. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel for those looking for a short break to New York. Whilst people say that a hotel is only a place to sleep, it really makes a difference to have a nice clean room with a comfy bed and pillow. Enjoy!	
Oct 7 2008 	Great but not for Business Travellers	This is a very nice hotel just a few blocks south of Madison Square Garden. It is a block from the Red Line (1) making it extremely easy to get to Times Square, Wall Street and South Ferry.The rooms are small but clean and quite nice. I'd give the beds a 3.5 / 5 for comfort.The only problem I had was the advertised &quot;High Speed Internet&quot; never ran faster than 2k (that's 1/14th dial-up speeds for the non-technical). Web pages would rarely (if ever) load under these speeds and technical support (for us business travellers) is impossible. I had to pack up my laptop and haul it down the street to find a coffee shop with a more reasonable connection (and pay for it). It would have been nice if there was an option to pay for a faster connection INSIDE the hotel like many other hotels provide.But as a traveller on vacation, I'd stay here again without hesitation (and probably will during my next visit)!	
Oct 5 2008 	A Very Enjoyable Stay	I'll try and put this in a nutshell. Customer service was exceptional throuhout the hotel. Staff were always curteous and never kept you waiting. Check in and out were fine with no problems. The rooms were very clean and well stocked with towels,toiletries. Good selection of TV channels, Clock radio has an MP3 attachment which was a nice touch if you like to take your music with you. I would describe the size of the rooms as cosy. As long as your not planning to move in for a month or two the rooms have plently of storage/wardrobe space for a weeks stay. Bathrooms are compact but no drama to use. We had a room at the back of the hotel which tended to be quieter at night. On saying that, the hotel is set off a main road so there's not too much noise anyhow. The express start breakfast was a winner! Just what you need to get your energy up for all your walking,shopping or business needs. We are early risers and there was no waiting on any of the mornings of our stay .Don't let the mention of cues by others put you off. They should have gotten up earlier! After breakfast is over the coffee/tea section is kept stocked all day and is complimentary for guests. For getting around you are in a perfect spot. Subway is 5 minutes away no matter which way you are heading. Empire state, Maddison Sqaure Garden, Times Square and Macy's are all just around the corner. We had a long walk downtown to Brookly Bridge. It took a while but it was nice to take a look at Chelsea and Grenwich village on the way. This hotel represents excellent value for money compared with other hotels in Manhattan. A little tip, I became a priority club member when I booked. Just for the seven nights stay I have enough points for a free nights stay somewhere already. Also, as a priority club member the hotel will deliver breakfast to your room. You also get a paper under your door. Oh and nearly forgot. Hotel has free broadband in the rooms and if you don't have a computer they have three on the cellar level for guests to use. I would have no reservations about booking this hotel again.	
Sep 25 2008 	Good Location Great Stay	My husband and I were visiting New York for the first time in Sept of 2008. We chose this hotel after much research. It really was a good value, great location, and very much recommended by other travelers. We got the the hotel about 5 hours before check in and they allowed us to stow our bags while we left to do some sight seeing. We came back at about 4pm and checked in. The staff was friendly and helpful. The lobby was clean and stylish. Check in was fast, we were put in the room that we specifically reserved. Our room was clean and nice. The bathroom was a touch small, but managable. If I were a high maintainance kind of woman I might be put off by the size of the bathroom, but as I am, I wasn't bothered by it. The bed was comfortable, tv was good, bathroom products were many and lovely. Lots of space to put clothes. We stayed for 3 nights and never once had any kind of a negative experience. The staff was VERY helpful. They helped us find the best way to get from point a to b and assisted us numerous times. The business center's internet was down while we were there. We needed to look up a time for an event we were attending and the staff actually looked it up for us at the front desk. I was very impressed at the customer service. We were able to stow our bags for hours after check out as well. The subway is just a few blocks from the hotel. The neighborhood seemed fine. We walked back to the hotel late every evening and never were worried about the neighborhood. Over all I was very impressed on every aspect. I would go back again.	
Sep 25 2008 	Good find in NY!	We decided on this hotel after trawling through numerous brochures, websites and reviews on Tripadvisor, and we were not disappointed with our choice. Situated one block from the nearest subway and a few streets from Penn Station, you can reach anywhere from this hotel in very little time really. The best way to get around Manhattan is by foot however, so make sure you take a good pair of shoes for walking. From the hotel you can be at Macys/ Madison Square Gardens/ The Empire State Building within 5/10 minutes or so. Times Square is a straight walk from the hotel up 7th Avenue in 10/15 minutes. As for the hotel itself, it has everything you can expect from a Holiday Inn Express: clean, adequate accommodation, friendly staff, buffet breakfast. The breakfast area does get busy, but you can eat anytime between 6-10.30am, so if you have to wait for a table, its only for a couple of minutes. We had a family room with two doubles, very nice, and a large bathroom. The wardrobe space could have been bigger, but there was plenty of drawer space. Our room had a view of the Empire State Building and the street was quiet on an evening, the only noise was the air con, which you control yourselves. New York is an amazing city and we are already planning a return visit for next year. I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 6 2008 	Excellent stay and very good value for money	I'm very picky when it comes to hotels, but this one was really good value and defintiely exceeded my expectations. Rooms were quite large for NYC, and bathtroom was very big. Location is excellent, you can walk to anything really. Breakfast also included and very good value, much better than most continental breakfasts. I booked a very low rate and got a room just next to reception, which I was worried was going to be noicy but wasn't. However, in the morning it smelled like fresh baked goods due to it's proximity to the breakfast bufet! I would feniteiyl recommend this hotel.	
Sep 1 2008	Agree with all the positive reviews	This was a great base from which to see NYC. Subway station one block away took you uptown and downtown. Empire state 10 mins walk. Macys similar. Madison Square gardens 5 mins. Totally agree with all the positive reviews and would always recommend this. A tip for all the British visitors...US Holiday Inn Express's (I have stayed at many of these) tend to be much better than the full service Holiday Inns rather than the opposite here in th UK. I would always recommend staying in an Express over a full service.	
Aug 28 2008 	Very Pleased!	Flew to NY for a job interview and this place really had such a helpful staff. I needed help with the computer printer downstairs and they jumped fast to help me. While I was downstairs I told them a bulb burned out in my room and they were up and replacing it before I got back up the elevator to my room. The front desk people were always really nice. The room was nice. I loved the football leather chair at the desk. It was a nice cozy king bed room. The bed took up a good part of the room, but it looked really nice inside and it served its function well for me. I appreciated the ironing board and iron and hair dryer. The breakfast was really nice and yes, it gets crowded downstairs at breakfast time but it was a nice choice of eggs, sausage, cereal, oatmeal, coffee, oj, cranberry juice, apple juice, yogurt, sweet rolls, toast, bagles, whatever. I was so pleased that I chose this place. And there is a little mini-Staples Office Supply and Copy Center right on the corner of the block -- perfect if you forgot items for your business presentation -- small things like paper clips, notebooks, printer ink, sheet protectors, tape, pens, whatever, they had it right down the block from this wonderfullly located Holiday Inn Express. This place was comforatble -- especially nice for out of town visitors who feel safer in a place they've heard of before. I wasn't expecting much when I arrived and I was pleasently surprised. I will 100% stay here again!	
Aug 27 2008 	Helpful Staff Good location - Very noisey over the weekend	We stayed at this hotel either side of a cruise holiday. I have to say that as this was our first visit to New York, the hotel was ideally located. The staff were very polite and helpful and I can only re-inforce the other reviews I have read about the breakfast situation. Basically very crowded. The only real gripe I have was that our second stay was over the weekend (15th&amp;16th August) and after arriving late back at the hotel on both nights we were all awoken by load music from what i can only assume was a nearby disco. This loud thumping bass noise finally subsided around 5:00am !!! (We were in room 417 on the side of the hotel).This said I would recommend this hotel and judging by how busy it was the whole time we were there the message is spreading fast.	
Aug 19 2008 	Totally Satisfied!!	O.K. If you're doing N.Y. on a budget and you need a very centrally located accomodation that is affordable, can't beat it. My sister got an amazing rate (don't know how she did it!) and we were able to walk to all of the midtown sights, shopping, Broadway, and beyond. When we ventured beyond, we were able to cab it back quite affordably. My feet were tired!Rooms are compact, but newly refurbished, comfy beds, super clean and noise, what noise, I was too zonked after the all day sight seeing and shopping to notice. Breakfast included, and sure the breakfast seating area is tight, no biggy we took our plates outside and sat on the benches conveniently located in front. Defintely nothing to complain about. If not, go to the Park Plaza or Waldorf and pay the big bucks. Staff was very courteous and helpful, even gave us a later checkout, no charge. It was a Monday and many guests had left that day. Goes to show that they are willing to help if they can. We took a shuttle bus back to JFK and preferred our location to the other 4 pick-ups the shuttle van made on the way to the Airport. Both my sister and I commented on the money we saved in cab fare had we been accomodated in any those other locations.Exceeded our expectations!	
Aug 15 2008	Great location in NYC	I had read reviews ot this hotel before I left for NYC. They were mixed. I loved the hotel, location, and the people working there were the best!! Breakfast was great. If you like to walk, as I do, this place was perfect in Manhattan. I was centrally located with Times Square not far away and Penn Station/Madison Square Gardens right around the corner. The rooms are small but perfect for me as a solo traveler. Two people would be comfortable also. I saw many families with children staying there.The price was good too.....location!	
Aug 13 2008 	Great Place	This was the first trip to New York for myself and my ten year old grandson. The hotel was walking distant from Penn station. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was small, but comfortable and clean. The morning breakfast was very popular with travelers. I opted to grab a cup of coffee and a piece of fruit rather than wait for a table. The hotel is conveniently located which allowed us to walk to many sites. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good deal..	
Jul 27 2008 	Nasty rude reception at 5 AM	Me my wife and son stayed here for 3 nights 24/25/26 July 2008. Small rooms but very clean and new and very well looked after. Very convenient location for us for the theatre district. Nice but to us overdone cooked breakfast with all extras bagelsl etc.The breakfast room was crowded worse then Penn station.Our only complaint was the surly receptionists one at 5 AM when we were heading for JFK airport to return to London, the other when we checked in.The African American at check out 5 am on 26th July was bloody rude and wanted to &quot;complete his audit&quot; whatever that means and asked if he could send our bill by fax after ignoring me for a fair period when we were rushing to JFK airport. I did get a print out before going but the rudeness at 5 am was something I could have done without.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great find in NYC	We stayed at the Holiday Inn express one night before embarking on a Canadian Maritime cruise. We needed two rooms as we were a group of 5 and there is no such thing as a room for 5 in NYC. My husband had enough Holiday Inn points that we were able to secure two rooms for points. A savings of at least $600.We had two rooms - both smoking. One with a king bed and the other with two doubles. Both rooms were immaculate although really small. The bathrooms were a nice size and there was enough room for storage for a night.The front dest staff were very helpful and most pleasant to deal with. And the breakfast the next morning was more than enough. But its true what others said - it does get very crowded so have someone grab a table first then you can get food. We saw many people standing around having something to eat. Its too bad the eating area couldnt be a bit bigger.All in all a nice stay in NYC - I would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 10 2008 	Bad rooms nice people	O.k. - so we didn't book this room ourselves. It was for a job I had. basically had no idea we were staying here. I'm hardly ungrateful since the room was paid for us. That stated, I probably would not stay here again. Even by New York standards the rooms were small. Barely any space in the bathrooms and no closet- just a small dresser. It was hard to even move in the room!! Room was very noisy and the view was looking into a dirty alley outside. There were stains all over the carpet as well. On the plus side, the beds were very comfortable. The staff was also really, really nice. Genuninely really good helpful people. It is a shame that the rooms were so unclean and too small because the staff was just so sweet and attentive. BTW, the free breakfast in the morning is very crowded. Get a seat early if you can! Location was convienent to Times Square.	
Jul 5 2008 	Unhappy...	Overall stay was o.k.. The hotel was clean, but rooms were VERY small. A good deal for seein the beatiful city. Booked a room with double beds but got a room with one king. Front desk did nothing to fix the problem. They said they had no other rooms available, but when going back to front desk to see what could be done, other guest were offered what we asked for!!!! O.K. hotel but will never stay there again...terrible costumer service!!!	
Jul 4 2008 	Location location	Never having visited NYC before, everything I booked was a shot in the dark. We flew into Newark with no plan on how to get to the hotel in NYC. As luck would have it a train runs from the airport to Penn Station - 2 blocks away. The hotel is also walking distance to Times Square and of course the subway (a block away) can take you anywhere. After exploring it is so nice to have a clean comfortable room to come home to. It's not big by any measure but it does have everything you need.	
Jun 26 2008 	Pretty Good overall	We are Holiday Inn Priority Club members and we booked this hotel using points. It is small (many in NYC are) but clean with a decent bed and bath. Front desk and concierge have been a pleasure to deal with and helpful. Parking is relatively inexpensive for this area at 24.00 per night with hotel stamp. The only real downside is the noise level which can escalate if you have ungracious guests or housekeping around you. Adequete breakffast is free with stay. All in all a gem if you are looking for a clean moderate place to put your head down in between fabulous activities in the greatest city in the world	
Jun 22 2008 	GREAT VALUE and GREAT LOCATION	This was a &quot;girls trip&quot; and our first time to NYC. We didn't want to spend all of our money on a hotel, but at the same time, didn't want to sacrifice our safety either. This was a perfect hotel to accomplish that. Its central location made it easy to get to the attractions quickly, and it was also an easy walk to almost anywhere! We walked from Ground Zero all the way through Greenwich Village and Soho just to see the neighborhoods, and it wasn't too much trouble. (Don't do this if you have somewhere to be quickly - it took a while!) We also easily walked to Times Square and the Theater District, Rockefeller Center, the Empire State Building, and Central Park. The hotel is nice enough - comfortable and clean. The breakfast is a big plus - it is way more than a continental...in fact, there are many hot items each morning, and you can count on the cinnamon rolls to start your day off right. We ate such a hearty breakfast, we could skip lunch and have a nice dinner. The staff was very helpful and friendly, especially a male concierge working the bellstand the morning we arrived. He stored our bags and helped us with a map so we could go out and hit the city before we could check into our hotel. Obviously, there are much nicer hotels in the city, but if you would rather spend your money having fun and eating well, this is a great find....and you could tell that the staff really want to make the experience pleasant to build its repeat clientel. As two women traveling together, we never once felt threatened or not safe at ANYTIME while in NYC. Just be alert and smart, and everything will be fine.	
Jun 9 2008 	Fantastic Stay!	We stayed here for one night on June 6. We were in town for a Broadway show and wanted an average place to crash after walking all over the city. We were pleasently surprised to find this hotel only 4 blocks from Madison Square Garden, yet on a very quiet section of West 29th in the quaint, hipster-ville of Chelsea. The King size room was normal - nothing super fancy, but clean, and enough room to actually walk around without having to climb over the bed. No construction going on anywhere, and a suprisingly low amount of outside noise.The free breakfast was nice. Egg, sausage biscuits with gravy, toast, cereal, oatmeal, juices and hot cinnamon buns. But the nicest thing was how long they agreed to store our bags even though we had already checked out! They said they would keep bags until 11PM! I know most NYC hotels will store bags, but not for this long. They were very pleasent.The number one reason we loved them was the fact that we called them from our second night's hotel after midnight to tell them we had left an I-pod in the dresser draw and asked if they could check and see if it was still there. We didn't have high hopes that it would happen, but the woman at the front desk went and got the I-pod and took our address, assuring us that she would have it in the mail that day!! Penn Station is right up the street, as is a convenient subway line that will take you to Chinatown/Little Italy. Avoid the overly priced Stage Deli around the corner, but do try Super Mac, an awesome &quot;all varieties&quot; of mac and cheese joint. If you love clothes, you can walk up to Herald Square (W 34th) and shop at Daffy's, a designer's discount store.	
Jun 4 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	Stayed 4 nights at this hotel with Husband &amp; Son and really loved it.Had stayed in New Jersey for 2 nights prior to this and upon arrival was slightly worried about area.No need it was perfectly safe.Rooms spotless,slightly small (2 DBL Beds)but hey this is NY, Bathroom lovely too.Breakfast was great a little crowed after 0900am but nice variety to begin day. Macy's five minute walk away and everywhere within easy reach.Coffee maker in room and complimentary tea &amp; coffee available all day in lobby.Internet available also.Found the staff very helpful and in particular Joseph hotel's day concierge. Joseph was extremely helpful and plesant on all occasions and far exceeded his duties.I had trouble buying tickets for a Yankee game (Son had to see before old stadium closed) as booking site could not complete because my credit card billing address was Ireland. I e-mailed ,phoned etc...etc... and it proved impossible.I was resigned to not going as going to the Bronx without tickets may have really disappointed.As we were heading out for the day Joseph enquired how we got on with tickets I explained and he offered to put tickets on his debit card and I could pay him, which he did.We were ecstatic ,we all enjoyed the game,(Not sure how scoring worked?) but atmosphere was brilliant and a few home runs also.Joseph has travelled and knew what seeing a game means, but it was very kind of him to help us.By the time we were leaving hotel felt like home. Highly recommend the hotel for NY trip.	
Jun 1 2008 	Nice stay great location..	This was a really nice room and a little bigger than what you expect in NYC--Very clean and new. The only drawback is that we slept in one morning and the maids there start slamming doors at about 9:30am. Its really obnoxious, so don't stay here if you want to sleep in til noon. Otherwise, its a great stay. The contracted parking garage is about 3.5 blocks away ($24), u-drive, u-park, u-walk! All staff were pretty pleasant and professional. One great perk was that there are three computers in the &quot;C&quot; level with internet--free! All in all, a nice stay and would have been great with the door-slamming maids.	
May 19 2008 	Great Location and Staff	Loved the location, 5 min. walk to Penn Station, 2 mins to subway on 27th st. The staff was excellent, hotel was very clean and comfortable. Breakfast bar was very crowded and too small for the amount of people using it, though.	
May 18 2008 	Excellent hotel	Martin's Travel Rule No 1 (well one of them, anyway) is never ever stay in a Holiday Inn Express. New addition to rule No1 - except this one. It's pretty good. Clean, modern and my free upgrade room with whirlpool bath was large by NYC standards and very comfortable. Maybe a little off the beaten path for tourists but Chelsea is charming and all the sights are an easy walk. It worked equally well for me as a business hotel with a workdesk, free wi-fi in the room and a decent enough business centre for a budget hotel. Reception was extremely welcoming, fast and efficient as were all the staff. I will definitely stay here again especially as it's just 10 m inutes from the office.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great Location Great Hotell and Great Breakfast	I thought this was a fantastic hotel. Okay, the room was on the small side. However, the amenities were great. The bathroom had a bath and shower and the free toiletries were extensiv and to a very high standard. The complimentary breakfast really set you up for that day's exploring. I can't believe the variety and quality of the food provided plus there was free tea and coffee proviided thoughout the day. There was everything from fruit, yogurt, bagels and muffins to sausages, hash browns and egg and this varied daily.Madison Square Gardens was literally just around the corner and Macy's about five minutes walk away which was good when transporting all the packages back to the hotel! It would have been a 10 minute walk to Times Square.Found reception staff to be good. One recommended a Chinese close by (we arrived late at night) which was really good.	
Apr 19 2008	1st Stay in NYC we will stay here again!	The stay at Holiday Inn Express Manhattan-Chelsea/MSG greatly exceeded our expectations. From the sincere friendly and knowledgeable service at the front desk, the fast and efficient luggage check-in/out to the extreme cleanliness of the facility, it was a breath of fresh air. We have traveled extensively over the years and without a doubt the breakfast offerings were the best we have experienced given it was “just a hotel stay”! It was delicious, varied and changed every day. The time saved (and$$) was very welcome in NYC! The Internet room made it great to access our e-mail and for me to check on my business. There was no need for our laptop. We did not use the exercise equipment, but it was there if needed and available most of the time. The facility validated our parking at a recommended secure parking ramp saving us even more money! It was our 1st trip to NYC. The only negative was the room was small. It did not matter though as the space was very efficiently used with plenty of storage. There is no doubt in my mind that I will be looking to stay here again and would highly recommend others to do so also.	
Apr 18 2008 	Beat expectations	Myself and two friends stayed here at the beginning of April and we were all very happy with our stay. We arrived an hour and a half before check-in but were immediately told we could go straight to our room (on the 12th floor with a nice view of the Empire State Building). The staff were all friendly and happy to help with any queries.The location was the highlight for me, a 3min walk to Madison Square Garden and the nearest subway station. We walked to most places anyway, Times Square was around 15mins away, Macy's around 5mins, Central Park around 45mins walk.The room itself had everything you need, was modern, clean and had a very nice bathroom.Breakfast being included was a bonus, fair enough the selection was limited, but its free, what do you expect?!There were also 3 computers which were free to use and very handy for things like checking in for your flight online.On our final day our bags were stored free of charge for us once we had checked out which was helpful.Overall, for the price we paid this hotel was excellent value and is ideal for anyone visiting New York on a limited budget.	
Apr 5 2008 	Disappointing all-around	Being fairly familiar with the Holiday Inn brand, and its owning chain (InterContenintal Hotel Group), I unfortunately have to say that this location was not up to par.Trying to remain objective and not 'rant', this is a breakdown of the highlights of my recent stay:The room was not ready when promised at 2pm (regular check-in is 3pm), and I requested an early check-in &amp; I'm also a gold member of the hotel's frequent guest program.Upon check-in, and interatcing throughout the stay, and when checking-out, none of the staff were very pleasant.The whirlpool in the room (which I paid extra for) was not working, and took two maintenance workers about 45 minutes to noisily repair. Also, the glass partition between the bathroom and bedroom rattled loudly. There was also low water pressure in the shower, and the shower curtain was torn and mouldy.Another few problems included: the phone beside the bed was not working, and the room was missing its &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign. When notified, the staff did nothing about this..... which caused the housekeeping staff to wake me up while letting herself in around 8am.Overall about the hotel though........ the location is a bit &quot;off the beaten path&quot;, so I would not recommend travelling alone at night in the area. The hotel is very close to Madison Square Garden, but about a 5-10 min. ride on the subway away from the main tourist area/ Times Square.The hotel lobby and hallways seemed to be fairly clean, and well-kept (although the room needed a bit of plaster &amp; paint repair). The exterior and entrance areas were also very presentable.One major benefit (which is available at all Holiday Inn Express locations) is the &quot;express start&quot; breakfast, which consists of unlimited hot food and drinks for no charge. Another plus is that they stored my bags at no extra cost until the room was ready.Overall, I would NOT stay here again and would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone I know. However, I would highly recommend the Holiday Inn Express just uptown from this one, at Fifth Ave. and 45th.... it was far superior and very impressive.	
Apr 2 2008 	Nice but expensive	I was in NY to see Bruce Springsteen at the Madison Square Garden so for me the location couldn't be better.The check in worked out fine, so did the safe deposit in the reception as well as the baggage storage on the day of check out.The room was as usual in New York not too big, but had a rather big bathtub which actually was a jacuzzi - nice surprise! The TV had the usual cable channels.In New York you don't spend very much time in your room, but it was a great bed to sleep in at least. So I'm happy with that.The breakfast (included, which is very rare in the city) was one of the better I had. Not very environment friendly with one time-use plates and glasses, but apart from that good. Different breads, cupcakes, cereals, fresh fruit and juices. The juices and coffee was available 24/7, so that was perfect when you came back after a long walk.When I was leaving for the airport I was in a great hurry. So I asked them to order a cab, which they gladly did - for an extra fee of $25! They told me taking a cab on the street would be cheaper, but I didn't have time to chase one. That was really bad for a hotel with prices rather expensive even for New York. The hotel I stayed at in 2005 called for a cab, and no extra fees at all. This lowers my grading of this hotel, but it's great except from that.	
Mar 13 2008 	good reliable base for New york tourists	Hi this hotel offers good facilities and a great position for tourists visiting New York. as a single traveller the king size bed and room was plenty big enough for doing what you need a hotel room for..sleep!. Bathroom perfectly adequate too and the breakfast whilst nothing special is enough to kick start a busy tourists day.The situation of the hotel is very good with easy access to the subway system.Talking to some other residents it's quite clear that rates vary massively so check as many websites as possible before booking.Foodwise just 100 yards down on opposite side of road is an indian cafe Sagwat, first rate cheap indian basic food highly recommended.	
Mar 11 2008 	great location good value!	Holiday Inn Express, MSG, NYC is a good bargain for those of you who wish to be close to everything while in the Big Apple. The location, at 29th St, is perfect for shopping and sightseeing and there are lots of interesting things around.The hotel itself is above average. The rooms may be a bit small, and the cost is high enough, but it's nice and clean and the building is all new. Also there is free internet access as well as free breakfast. Hot and cold food is served every morning between 6-10.30 AM and it's a good breakfast. Cereal, bagels, yoghurt and fruit as well as omeletts, sausages and pan cakes are on the menu.I would definitely stay at Holiday Inn Express MSG again!	
Mar 11 2008 	Clean and Friendly	I was recently in New York City for a church conference. I received a discounted rate of $209 per night for a king bed. I took the M60 bus and then the #2 train to Penn Station. The hotel was easy to find; only 5 short blocks down from Penn Station and 4 short blocks from Madison Square Garden. Although I arrived a few hours earlier than check in, a room was available. The front desk workers were polite. The room was clean. The room had no funky odor or worn down furnishings. The bed was moderatly comfortable but missing a comforter. There was only a thin blanket to cover up with, other than the two standard white sheets. The room was warm so the blanket worked out fine. The bathroom was small but clean. Housekeeping cleaned the room well during the afternoon. The hotel offers an okay breakfast in the morning. The breakfast consisted of three juices, coffee, biscuits and gravy, eggs, doughnuts, and so forth. If you want something more, there are plenty starbucks coffee shops around (on every other corner almost). There is also a cafe called The Bread Factory located between 35th and 36th. The Holiday Inn Express is ideal for visitors who want a deal and do not mind a 5-10minute walk to visit Time Square. If you need to be closer to Madison Square Garden, there is a hotel called Affina that is directly across the street. The short walk from 29th to 33rd street was not bad. I highly recommend this newly rennovated hotel.	
Mar 6 2008 	Affordable and Comfortable	If you are looking for an afforadable hotel in a good location, this fits the bill.Rooms are small but comfortable.The breakfast is not gourmet, but it is included in the room rate, convenient, and has enough variety that it should meet most everyone's needs. A little crowded and hectic, but overall acceptable.The staff seemed very friendly.Location is great for transportation. Very short walk to Penn station and either Penn Station or 28th St subway.We got the room for $133/night, which seemed like a bargain for NYC.	
Mar 5 2008	Exactly as described on TripAdvisor	As I was looking for a hotel in New York within walking distance of Madison Square Garden, I chose this Holiday Inn Express mainly based on the reviews on TripAdvisor. And I must say, they were spot on. The hotel was relatively reasonably priced for the area, it was clean, nice breakfast, rooms were ok in size, the comfort offered was very nice. And the Garden was a very short walk away... If you need to be in mid-town Manhattan, this hotel is very much worth checking into...	
Feb 28 2008 	Great deal good location easy trip!	Stayed at the HIExpress near MSG from 2/78-2/11/8. Received a rate of $90 on priceline which was FANTASTIC for the area because the massive dog show was in town and hotels were very pricey.This is the 2nd Holiday Inn Express we've stayed at, and I found the service to be quite good again.We arrived early after flying the red eye, and our room wasn't ready (not until 3pm). They did check our bags for free, gave map and suggested some places nearby to check out for lunch while we waited.We found the front desk and concierge staff to be very helpful.. we asked a ton of questions looking for good restaurants. Hotel:Well located, not the nicest street... located in the middle of a bunch of fur wholesalers. Very central to 3 of the train lines, perfect for sightseeing or getting to any other area of the city. Close enough to walk to MSG and many shopping areas. Walkable from time square as well.The free business centre is really useful, open all hours with free printing. (Great for making reservations and printing hard to find maps!)Breakfast was varied, different combination of baked goods and a couple warm items (eggs, omlette/hardboiled/scambled and sausage). Good bagels the first day, but I didn't see them again. Nothing too exciting, and they don't really refill anything so if it's busy and you aren't there early you may miss out. But it does save you some $!Room was fine, i didn't think it was as small as many people have mentioned. I've seen MUCH worse... but yes it would probably be uncomfortable with 4. Big bathroom, good toiletries. Iron in the room. Comfortable bed and bedding.The only problem we really ran into had nothing to do with the hotel really.. it was other guests. Due to the dog show there were many dogs &amp; owners staying in the hotel which was a bit noisy due to thin walls. We were woken up 4:30am by our noisy neighbours preparing to leave for the show. The hotel did try to help and posted signs asking people to curb their dogs.Overall, the value is very high at the hotel. If you get a good deal, it's completely worth it for the location alone.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great value	Stayed here for four nights, $80/night on Priceline - incredible for Midtown. Room was clean, staff friendly - all good.	
Feb 19 2008 	Perfect location.	We were in NYC for an NHL game at MSG. Also took train from NY Penn Station to Newark Penn Station for another game. The Holiday Inn Express Madison Sq Gardens was perfect for us walking back at night after the games (only 2 blocks).Our room was on the small side as everyone says, but I've been in smaller. We didn't have big wheely suitcases so it didn't seem to bother us. I'd say it's a fair, economical size. There was a desk and chair, coat cubbard/closet and tv armoire with drawers along one side and beds with table between opposite.It was clean and comfortable. Quiet except for the neighbor's door. The doors slam and our neighbors weren't considerate. The doors were right next to each other in a small hallway so that might have increased the noise a bit. The bathroom had shampoo, lotion, mouthwash etc. and a wall mounted hair dryer.The subway #1 and #9 were round the corner on 7th Avenue, and the ever popular Duane Reade pharmarcy across the street from that. We ate at two local Bar &amp; Grills; Mustang Sally's and Harrington's. We enjoyed both dinners.Will definitely return to this hotel. One suggestion for travelers using NYC transport - our drivers didn't know the location of this hotel, make sure you do! They seemed like they may have been more familiar with another Holiday Inn, and when we said on 29th between 7th and 8th, they seemed surprised.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great 	I stayed at the Holiday Inn-Madison Square Garden in January and found it to be more than I expected. It seemed like it was in somewhat of a bad neighborhood when we first got there, but then we realized that the only really nice areas of the city seem to be in Times Square and parts of midtown Manhattan/Central Park areas. So for the price we paid ($113/night on Hotwire.com), it was worth the stay. I never spend much time in the hotel rooms when I am on vacation anyway, so we used the room for sleeping, showering, and ate breakfast. The rooms were somewhat small-not alot of room for moving around or storing luggage. They were basically big enough for the beds, desk, and entertainment center. The breakfast was great! I was expecting a small cold toast-bowl of cereal continental breakfast, but it was far from that. Different meal everday, consisting of everything from omelettes to biscuits &amp; gravy to pancakes. Very good. The staff were very nice, housekeeping was great, hotel was clean. Another great thing about this hotel was the location (which is usually why I pick the hotels I do). We had a view of the top of the Empire State Building from our room, which was a site to see, especially at night. It was a block from Madison Square Garden, in the center of Manhattan so about 30-60 minute walk to the tourist parts of Manhattan, but the subway was also only a block away and we used this to get pretty much anywhere we went. It only cost about $12/person for the 5 days we were there. The only thing I wished was different about this hotel was the fact that it did not have a pool, however, Holiday Inn Express does not usually have a pool, so I can't complain about this particular one. Also had complimentary newspapers, free internet, vending machines, coffee/hot chocolate/juice in the kitchen 24 hours, and within walking distance to a convenience store and some good places to eat. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 17 2008 	Great value!!	We headed into NYC from the burbs to see a band we love and wanted an affordable place to crash after a late night. This Holiday Inn Express fit the bill perfectly. Check-in was quick and easy and as a priority club rewards member we both received complimentary bottles of water and chocolates. We paid $129.00 + tax for a non-smoking, king bedroom on the 9th floor which faced 29th. The room was very clean and the bed was made up with the comfy upgraded bedding found in most Holiday Inn Expresses. The room was on the small side but more than adequate and the bathroom was super clean and perfect for our needs (included all the usual amenities- shampoo, conditioner, bath gel, bar soap, lotion, mouth wash and a shower cap). The complimentary breakfast included the usual HI Express items (cinnamon rolls, toast, muffins, bagels, fresh fruit, yogurt, juices, cereal, tea, coffee, hot cocoa, hard boiled eggs and a few hot items including french toast sticks, hash browns and omelets). Even at 9:30am on a Saturday morning we still found all the choices readily available (breakfast runs from 6:00am - 10:30am and the hotel was packed). The hotel is located a very short walk from a subway station (at 7th and 28th) and if you walk a couple blocks east you will find many nice dining choices. We also opted to park at the Central Garage on 28th, between 6th and Broadway. With validation from the HI Express parking at this garage costs only $24 per 24 hour period. The hotel also checked our bags free of charge so we could roam the city unencumbered before heading home. It was a great deal in my favorite city!	
Feb 17 2008 	Perfectly acceptable	Hotel is located a couple of blocks from Madison Sq Garden, so it's a bit of a walk to Times Square. Subway picks up at the Garden though, so you can still get around easily. We pricelined this for $104 and the room included breakfast for all (buffet, typical Holiday Inn, which really isn't that bad) and free wi-fi. Parking was a bit of a mess- the hotel has a contract with a garage a few blocks away- it's about $30/24 hrs. There's a lot directly next door that's $36/day. When we checked out we put our bags in the car and came back for it later in the evening, so it was nice not to have to leave the bags with the hotel or roll them down the street to our car.I would stay here again if coming to the city on the cheap. Hotel lobby was clean, rooms smelled fresh (but were very tiny- don't recommend for more than 4 people), no major noise issues.	
Feb 16 2008 	Great Hotel in a great location	We were looking for a hotel for our New Year's Eve Holiday. Most places were outrageously expensive but the Holiday Inn Express near MSG was just perfect.It is spotless and the staff is very friendly.The breakfast was great for the price and plentiful.The location can't be beat. A couple of blocks from Madison Square Garden (MSG), lots of subway stations, walking distance from Time's Square, Empire state, and all the shopping areas you may need (my wife loved this)!The staff told us about a shuttle that leaves from MSG and takes you to the buses for the JFK or Newark airports, so you save a lot vs. the cab fare or the hassle of carrying luggage in the subway. We have absolutely no complaints and will definately stay there next time we're in town.	
Feb 12 2008 	Great experience -- would definitely return	Looking for a cheap place to stay in New York, we booked a room on Hotwire for $120 and expected the worst. Instead, we found courteous staff, and a spotless room stuffed with all the amenities. Besides the free continental breakfast, they also offered snacks and coffee throughout the day. The location was hard to beat, with easy access to two subway lines and all the taxis you could hope for just half a block away.I would also like to note, the desk clerks were not phased in the least by us clearly being a gay couple.	
Feb 11 2008 	Pleasantly surprised!	Very pleasantly surprised.I got a great deal on priceline at $86./nt and I thought a HI express would be very plain.The staff was very nice.The rooms are nice very neat and clean and classy,a little small but typical for NYC.They also have 3 computers with FREE internet for guest use downstairs.	
Jan 29 2008	Great Stay!	My mother and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Madison Square Garden, and we enjoyed it. We didn't have the greatest view or the largest room, but then again, we were only looking for a place to sleep since we were out so much. We were only two blocks from Penn Station...which was great since we went into Brooklyn several times during our stay. We also enjoyed the free breakfast (although it was a madhouse each morning) because that cut down on expenses for us. There were even snacks, coffee, and tea waiting for us in the lobby when we returned each night!The only complaint I have is that there were a group of high school kids that stayed on our floor one night. They were loud and obnoxious...but that had more to do with the kids than the hotel.All in all, I would stay again!	
Jan 20 2008 	Clean and Nice NYC hotel	My mom and I stayed here for a 3 night weekend. We found it to be a very nice place to stay. We only paid about $140 a night, so considering that, it was a great place for the money. The staff was quite icy and tried to put us in the worst room possible because we booked on priceline. I had to beg for a non-smoking room. But, once we got to our room, it was a decent size for NYC and very clean. The beds were very comfy and the bathroom was nice too. It is located only a couple of minutes walk to the #1 subway line. The breakfast was good for a continental. I would stay here again if the price was right.	
Jan 18 2008 	GREAT Customer Service!	My husband and I arrived on a red eye from the West Coast at around 8 in the morning, and not only did they find us a room to freshen up, but they had breakfast waiting and free!Granted, it is not the best breakfast you have ever eaten, but it is free (or included in the room price if you want to look at it that way) and very convenient. In addition to a large selction of muffins, rolls and pastries, they serve cereals, juices, toast, bagels &amp; cream cheese, and some hot items every day - scrambled egg or omlet, bacon or sausage. I prefer bagel or cereal to the hot stuff.Our room was lovely, small as all New York rooms are, but clean and comfortable. We had a jacuzzi tub which was wonderful after a long day walking around in the cold city.The hotel is close to Penn Station and so with a short walk, you can get anywhere on the subway or buses - buy a metro card. Free use of computers in the basement for checking out restaurants or tourist info. Everything we needed was taken care of quickly and courteously.I would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 15 2008 	A great place	nice hotel rooms very clean cleaned every day staff very helpful and friendley breakfast excellent good selection of food hot and cold would stay there again.well done holiday inn and staff	
Jan 13 2008 	Great Stay!	I just wanted to say we had a wonderful stay at this hotel. Check-in was quick and easy, The front desk staff was pleasant. Our room was nicely sized for a NYC hotel room. The bathroom was small and poorly set up, but did the job. For anyone interested, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, body wash, soap and mouthwash were provided. The room was very clean and the amenities were great. I was able to accept a fax at the front desk, use the business center to get online and print, and they also had a fax/copier down there but it was out of order during our stay. The complimentary breakfast was great - sausage, eggs, toast, biscuits, yogurt, cereal, donuts, muffins, and much more. It appeared that coffee was available throughout the day and a complimentary USA Today was available outside the elevators so make sure you decline to have it delivered to your room saving you $.75/day. The 1/9 subway line is just around the corner which was convenient. Make sure if you need any snacks though to get them early in the day as the drug store on the corner closes quite early (9PM maybe?) and there isn't much else close by. Another example of their helpfulness - I had a bunch of stuff to ship home. I asked the front desk if they had a box and packing tape. She told me I could use their packing tape but I would have to go buy a box at fedex - I asked one of the housekeeping staff though and they were more than happy to empty a box for my use. We got a wonderful rate through hotwire. Again, we had a GREAT stay this trip and I would highly recommend this hotel to those who are looking for a nicely priced, clean place to stay in NYC.	
Jan 10 2008 	A plus plus plus	Great hotel for the price... in fact, I felt like we didn't pay enough for what we got. Free computer/internet access downstairs w/ a printer, free morning breakfast (hot and cold: hash browns, toast, muffins, cinnamon rolls, etc only thing is you gotta wake up early for the good stuff before it's gone). Located right near the subway entrance on 28th street (when you leave the front entrance of the hotel, take a right, then another right and you'll see it right there). Also a Duane Reade drug store is right there. Great stay, great experience, would definitely stay there again in the future.	
Jan 8 2008	Better than Hudson Hotel or Club Quarters Downtown	I stayed at Holiday Inn Express, Hudson Hotel, and Club Quarters Downtown and the Holiday Inn was my favorite.For the price, this place can't be beat.Pluses- Newer rooms, mine had a King sized bed and bathtub. The toilet did get plugged once but the service was very speedy.- Free breakfasts, get up early to avoid the rush and get doughnuts.- Friendly staff - 3 different people helped me with directions.- Quiet rooms - The Hudson Hotel was very noisy in comparison- Regular TV without ads when you turn it on.- Free coffee and juice all night- Subway 1 line is one street down.Negatives- Only 2 elevators makes it pain to go up and down in the morning.- The room was pretty small, only two suitcases could be opened- Congested lobby during breakfast	
Jan 8 2008 	Very good deal well located clean	This hotel is very well located, near subway stations and in the middle of NYC which allows to easily go West / East or North / South.Even if rooms are pretty small, they are comfortables and clean, and bathroom seems to be brand new.The only weakness would be the breakfast room, pretty small compared to the number of people that rush into it between 8am and 9am, but having breakfast outside the hotel in NYC is so nice that this weakness did not seem important to me.Last point, I used Priorityclub points to pay the hotel, so I am not able to judge price to quality but would easily pay 200$ to stay there (according to NYC standards, this hôtel is well priced).	
Jan 7 2008 	HI Express Madison Square Garden	We stayed in this hotel from 28th December 2007to 4th January 2008 and found it to be clean and comfortable. The room wasn't particularly large but more than adequate for a weeks stay. The jacquzzi bath was a nice touch after a long cold walk in the city and the room had a big tv as well as hairdryer and coffee machine but no kettle although the catering area in the lobby had hot water and juice available 24hrs. The hotel stored our bags for a 2 dollar fee per bag and the staff were helpful although they didn't have a clue about how to contact a doctor for medical advise. The hotel is within very easy reach of 28th st subway, Madison Square Garden and Macys and several manned taxi ranks are a few blocks away. The only bad points were the crowded breakfast area in the morning - get there before 8 to get a table and the continual thump thump from a nearby nightclub that started at 10pm and didn't stop 'till 6 the next morning. Our room was at the back of the hotel so I don't know if the rooms overlooking the street were affected. Overall a pleasant stay but I can't help thinking that spending an extra couple of hundred dollars to stay the Marriott or Sheraton would have been a better stay.	
Jan 4 2008 	Good Value	First, I have to admit that I used my hotel points for this stay, so I think I got a fantastic value! The hotel is in good condition and in a convienient area to get to any location on Manhattan. Taxi's are readily available, and the subway is a short walk away. The free breakfast was good, but it was fairly typical of a Holiday Inn Express. The rooms are on the small side, but comfortable, well appointed and clean. What made this hotel stand out to me was the attentiveness of the staff. I travel for work regularly and it is rare to find Holiday Inn Express staff this enthusiastic to help tourists. The people offered the &quot;WOW&quot; factor here. If assistance in getting around town is important to you, then you will find this hotel worth the money! The parking garage is a few blocks away. If you have to park, drop off your bags first, it is a bit of a hike. Again, I didn't pay for the room so, I was more than pleased with the value. I think if I had paid more than $250 a night, I would have felt like I didn't get anything special.	
Dec 31 2007 	Excellent value location and service.	I don't usually write a review after a holiday but after staying here I thought I should. We came to New York for a few days before christmas and it was by far the best hotel I have ever stayed in.The room was quite small( but why do you need a big room???)that was the only slight negative I had.We arrived about 4 hours early and they allowed us to go to the room early which a lot of hotels don't.The location was great as it was near to most of the places people go to New York for.Room was very clean, Bed and TV were quite big. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff i.e. safety deposit box, directions etc.Breakfast was great (very good selection of fruits and cereals and sausage and egg).Coffee and Tea available all day long.When I come back to New York again I will definately stay here again.GARY	
Dec 27 2007 	NYC Myth Buster!	This was an amazing hotel with amazing service. This was our families 1st trip to NYC and this hotel provided everything our little country crew from TEXAS needed. The staff was excellent and very courteous. Our visit was during Christmas and the front desk provided everything I forgot from a Phillips screwdriver to local directions. I even got advice about how to buy knock-off bags while in the city. The rooms were small but extreamly tidy and clean. The bathroom provided me with the evening escape that I usually take at home with a nice bathtub for a warm bath.The free breakfast was a great start but nothing major; bagels, toast, sausage, oatmeal and fresh fruit.I will stay here again and again.	
Dec 16 2007 	Good Location 	Small newer hotel in a great location, parking right next door for $36/day...Very clean rooms and breakfast area...Inexpensive for the City ($250/night)...Very short walk to Madison Square Garden area/Penn Station for subway...Nice employees...Very comfortable bed and pillows...Our only &quot;issues&quot;: Small rooms (but who cares, you aren't going to be in your room much anyways), and garbage truck pickup in the wee hours of the morning woke us up each night (our room faced the front-29th. St.)	
Dec 8 2007 	Better Value Hotels now open in Chelsea	Stayed here three times now and each time the hotel is losing its charm. When it first opened everyone was so friendly. Now check in will not try that extra bit. First two rooms we had were with the Whirlpool tub but this time they were sold out. The Whirlpool rooms have a glass wall in the main room with a door that can be opened so seem much larger than the regular rooms which I found tiny this time. Maids do not seem to care about what noise they make- this starts at about 7am. The rooms are also very claustrophobic. Fine for one night but if you are here for a week as I was you want some light. Breakfast is a mad house and although free I preferred to walk down the road and avoid the mayhem. This time staying at the Hilton Garden Inn on 28th Street just a block away and the rooms are twice as nice. Really comfortable beds, flat screen TVs with hundreds of channels. Best still the Breakfast is possibly the best I have had in NY in this type of hotel. One big complaint is the elevators- only two for 169 rooms.Service is also so much better than at the Holiday Inn Express.	
Nov 30 2007	Good Hotel	Stayed here with 3 friends over Thanksgiving Weekend and got a good rate on lastminute.com (2 rooms at £300.00 per room for 3 nights).This hotel is in a very good location for shopping, sights and transportation, and we did not feel unsafe at any time.Rooms are clean but very small which meant that after our daily shopping, we had to pack everything away rather than leave things in a corner as you would not have been able to move around the room. Breakfast was fine (except the pancakes - dry around the edges)since it was free; hot and cold drinks available day and night which was nice. Local calls are also free which was very useful.The hotel charges $2 per bag to store your luggage.I'll definitely stay here again.	
Nov 26 2007	Holiday Inn Express NYC Madison Square Garden -No problems	Nov 26/07We stayed for two night Nov. 22-24/07. Had no problems at all, staff was very friendly and accommodating. Phoned ahead and got into our room at 9:30 am. Close enough to all of NY sights and sounds, but quite enough to sleep. Rooms very small but we were not planning to be in there much anyway.	
Nov 15 2007 	Superb location but the bedrooms are only good for dwarfs!	The location is excellent , being only three blocks from Penn Station, four blocks from the Empire State Building and well within just ten minutes walk to Macy's, Time Square, several subway stations, restaurants, etc, so there's no need to worry on this account!Built in 2004, in a city where space is always at a premium, the architects obviously figured on cramming in as many revenue generating rooms into as small a footprint as possible, so its a compact hotel, but with helpful and extremely friendly staff. This said, (typical for NYC), the rooms are small. Very small. In fact, they are so small, that you can turn the light off at night and be in bed and asleep, before the rom goes dark.....but again, this is NYC and therefore, this is to be expected!This said, the bathrooms, (the 'small' bathrooms), are clean, modern and well appointed, the rooms are well presented, the beds are very comfortable, the elevators, (two), are slow, but they work and whilst the included breakfast may be 'Continental', there's enough choice for everyone, with all-day coffee being a nice touch.Affordable rates, an excellent location, great staff and high standards, all go to make this a very attractive place to lay your head for a visit to New York, even if the rooms are more than a little on the compact size! (That's English for small).Recommended for short people, or those who, if sharing a room, know each other very well. Not recommended for anyone with claustrophobia!!!	
Nov 8 2007 	Great Location...Better than most hotels in the area	Small room, but pretty standard for New York. When we first arrived, our room had a foul smell, but we were quickly moved to new room, no questions asked. (It turned out the foul smell was from the AC unit when switching from AC to Heat to AC, etc.).Bed was above average. Shower head was nice and high so those of us over 6' don't have duck under do wash our hair. Nice complimentary breafast every morning and usually had eggs and some meat (sausage links or patties), waffles or pancakes, juices and coffee, as well as some pretty good cinnamin rolls. Juice, coffee and water was available for free 24 hours in the lobby.Three block walk from Penn Station/Madison Square Garden and restaurants of every ethnicity are within 2 blocks any direction. Local placed delivered which helped make up for the lack of room service.We flew into Newark and took the trains back and forth and to wherever we needed to go. Path, NJ Transit, 1,2,3 and A,B,C lines of Metro, and Amtrak all in one place...perfect if you want to skip the rental car...which we did.Free in room wireless as well as a computer room next to the gym. Three computers with printers so you can print directions and boarding passes, etc. We had associates staying at other hotels in the area and from their descriptions, we made out way better, especially with the newness of the rooms and free breakfast.There was an onsite concierge, but we didn't use him/her...but they were always there in the lobby.Definately a recommend for tourists and business travelers without a car. Didn't seem to have much for kids, though, but it was right in the middle of Manhattan..so not a kid friendly type of place anyway.	
Nov 5 2007 	Good hotel in great position	Stayed at this hotel for a week in late October, got a cab from the airport ($45 plus tolls and tip). Room was ready when we arrived at 3.30pm. Rooms are small but perfectly adequate, there was the two of us plus our 12 year old daughter, and we never felt the room was too small. Bathroom very good, clean and new. We had a view of the Empire State from our room! Room was cleaned rather late in the day around 3 or 4 pm but was not much of a problem. Did not experience any noise only a few slamming doors but no noise from rooms either side. The location is fabulous, a short 15 minute walk to Times Square with plenty of restaurants and shops, the subway just round the corner on 28th St. Other subway line which takes you directly to 5th Avenue from 8th Avenue at Penn station.Breakfast was very good seeing as it was free! Plenty of fresh fruit and cereals etc. Appreciated the coffee and juice available anytime.Very nice garden terrace to sit after a busy day, and very handy business centre downstairs to check emails etc. we even managed to check in online for our BA flight home!!All in all would recommend not the most luxurious but very clean, comfortable and very good location	
Oct 26 2007	served its purpose but don't take the shuttle	Stayed here Sunday through Thursday of last week. We arrived at the hotel early (which we planned) asked if we could leave our bags until we checked in, no problem, but it costs us $2 a bag. Came back at 3 pm and our room was ready. The room was clean, and very comfortable, a bit on the wee side, but convenient for me because the class we were taking was directly across the street.The breakfast was good, you had your choices daily of pastries, breads, muffins, fruit, yogurt, cereal, there was always an egg of some sort, like an omlet one day the next a scrambled one. Always a meat like the sausage. Its the first hotel I've ever stayed at that offered all this for FREE.One thing I would tell you for sure is don't take the hotel shuttle back to the airport when you leave. They tell you they will pick you up and you'll get to the airport at a certain time, but in my case they were late picking us up by 30 mins, and then made 4 more stops for people and we got to the airport alot later than we wanted to.Just call a car company, we used one to get to the hotel and it was $32 for two of us.Subway is right around the corner on 28th street. If I ever go back to New York I wouldn't have a problem staying at this hotel again.	
Oct 25 2007 	Good location Basic Hotel	We booked this hotel late, so hotel price was quite high - about $475 per night. This however is a basic hotel and for about $170 per night I stayed in one of the best hotels in Tokyo, right in Ginza. But this is New York and basic hotels at short otice command very high prices.The location is very central however and places like Time Square would only be about 15 min walk away.The breakfast in the hotel was basic, and like all american food, loaded with carbs, - you had cereal but the yoghurt to put over it was sweet, and the juices (Cranberryetc ) also came sugared. The bathroom in the room was fine and so was the room - quite acceptable as a place to stay but not in any way luxorious. However the awalls in these rooms are paper thin - you could waisly hear people coming and going or even speaking in adjoining rooms.The area around the hotel is quite rundown, but seems safe - I never felt uneasy around it evn though a lot of constructon was going on resulting in poor lihgting and scaffolding all over the palce.If I were in NY again I would happily stay at this hotel if the price were considerably less.Best Shopping is in Jersey Mall.	
Oct 17 2007 	What a dump this place is...	This place was a dump. We arrived at noon and they wouldnt allow an early check in. Someone was coming to get my bag and check it and then they forgot and the manager FINALLY helped me.After a late dinner, we got back at midnight and it still took forever to check in. Got to my room and someone was inside of it cleaning it! I want back downstairs (Im very tired at this point) and they basically didnt have a room for me and I waited and waited. They assured me earlier in the day that checking in that late wouldnt cause any issues.Finally, they gave me a room on the ground level - lucky for me it was right next to the maids cleaning rooms and they were chatting up a storm starting about 5am. Then as breakfast started at 6am people were shuffling around and making more noise.The breakfast was barely edible. AVOID this place at all cost. Too much hassle and noone seemed to truly want to make things right.I was ready to give them some feedback when I checked out and nobody even asked me how my stay went.	
Oct 17 2007	good position	Just returned from a touring holiday in North America and this was our first stop.Location was very good as we were able to walk to most of the sites we wanted to see.Central Park was about 40 mins walk (would have been quicker if it wasn't for all the traffic lights!). We thought it was a better view from the Rockerfeller Tower than Empire State and a lot shorter queues.Subway was just around the corner,loads of restaurants nearby,helpful staff,would definitely consider this hotel if we were to go back to New York.	
Sep 8 2007 	Good Value	I just returned from a stay at this hotel and would have no problem staying there again.It is a short walk up 7th Ave to Times Square and the Theatre District,about 15 minutes.It is also close to many Subway lines so you can get around the city easily.Rooms are small but you aren't going to New York to sit in your room.One drawback is only 2 elevators so at peek times you might have a short wait to get one.Also no express checkout from your room.I saw some long lines at times waiting to checkout.Area around hotel looks a little doubtful but I had no problems during my stay.Free hot breakfast is a nice plus.Also staff was very helpful in answering any questions .Well worth what I paid.	
Sep 3 2007 	Pricey but beautiful comfortable and very well situated.	My husband, daughter and I stayed at this hotel when we were dropping off my daughter at college (just two blocks away). This hotel is beautiful - the rooms are very nice, the beds are extremely comfortable. The staff was very accommodating - our room looked out over the back and was sooooo quiet.... It's not a huge room but a good size for New York (and keep in mind that we had five huge pieces of luggage in the room which did not get into our way at all!). The hotel is an easy walk to Times Square, but it is about 8 blocks away or so. Breakfast was great - we just had an excellent experience here. It is not the cheapest, but you could pay a whole lot more for less also. We would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 31 2007 	Loved it!	My husband and I spent 5 days and 4 nights at the Holiday Inn Express NYC Madison Square Garden. We loved it. The location is great - safe and fairly quiet (even in the front of the building), though you can hear doors slamming if other guests aren't careful. The rooms are small, but all you are doing is sleeping there. The rooms are updated and clean. Breakfast is great - hot and cold foods. Just get there before 10:15 a.m. The guests have usually eaten most of the food and the staff starts clearing everything away. The staff at the desk are friendly enough, and the concierge is helpful in pointing you in the right direction, helping you book tours, etc. We travel fairly extensively, but our focus is always on the city, not the hotel. If you are looking for luxury you won't be looking at a Holiday Inn Express anyway. With this little hotel, you get exactly what you expect: good clean rooms at a low rate (we paid $180/night through Priceline - which is a great rate for NYC), a substantial breakfast, with the perfect location to walk the city, grab a subway, etc. We highly recommend staying here and would do it again. Oh - and try the cinnamon buns - they are awesome!	
Aug 29 2007	Nice hotel good location	Just returned from a 3night/4day stay at Holiday Inn Express in Chelsea. The hotel was sold out for almost the entire stay. When a hotel is sold out you can usually expect some problems. However, during our stay we didn't experience any problems except for maybe long wait times to use the elevator.Overall, the Hotel is clean and neat.The room we were assigned was right next to the elevator which makes it smaller than other rooms to start with.For whatever reason, even in this small room they chose to put in a king size bed.I appreciate a big bed, but a big bed in a small room makes for limited space, but it was not a problem.Bed was comfortable too.The temperatures hit the low 90's over the weekend with high humidity, but the airconditioning in the room kept it cool without a problem. The breakfast provided by the hotel in the morning was excellent. Even tho the dining area was packed constantly with dozens of people coming and going, they never ran out of food and the dining room never got messy. Appreciated the food very much.We would definately stay at the Holiday Inn in Chelsea again.	
Aug 26 2007 	Very impressed	We have just stayed here for 4 nights and found it overall very good in many ways. Room was quite small but it was fine for what we wanted as we were out most of the time. It is well located for many things and easy walking distance for the subway. Breakfast was good too. Very good value for money.	
Aug 25 2007 	Great value Great location Great Stay.	Just got back from a three night stay in NYC and we booked two rooms at this hotel through Hotwire. We paid around $180 a room - pretty good value for a hotel in this area. We had a very pleasant stay. The hotel is only around 10 months old and is modern and clean. We arrived at the hotel right at the check in time of 3pm and were told that no &quot;non - smoking&quot; rooms were available right away - it would be another hour until they were ready (I guess because we booked through hotwire we didn't have specific rooms reserved right away). We could however get a couple of smoking rooms on the 12th floor right away. As none of our party smoke we pondered this for a few minutes and as it was raining out and we had already been soaked we decided to take those rooms. Both rooms were spotless - there was a very very faint smell of smoke in one of the rooms but it wasn't strong enough to cause us any bother at all. The rooms were very well appointed and comfy - with two double beds in each. We also never noticed any smoke odors coming out of any of the other rooms on the 12th floor.All the staff I encountered were very friendly, always smiling and obliging. The bellboy was helpful and friendly and answered all our questions with patience. The cleaning staff were very polite and never made us feel like we were in their way. Our room was cleaned thoroughly every day and we always got fresh linens and lots of clean fluffy towels. A breakfast was included with our reservation and this was also great. Plenty of good hot and cold food was available each morning. It was busy down there every morning which shows you how good it was! It was crowded but not impossible to find somewhere to sit if you have little patience. There are three PCs on the lower floor for internet access etc. and a lovely little garden terrace which we unfotunately were unable to take advantage of due to the weather.Overall we had a perfect few days in NYC, my family really enjoyed the visit, their first time in the city. We would not hesitate to book this hotel again. I've stayed in some real dumps in my time - last time I stayed in NYC I was at the Pennsylvania which was awful. The Holiday Inn Express is superior in every sense and far better value. Highly recommended.	
Aug 16 2007 	Bad Experience	I booked a room through their toll free number. I had a couple a couple of questions for which the booking agent gave me positive answers. After the booking was made I thought I should confirm it with the hotel management and they gave me totally opposite answers which really annoyed me. Nevertheless I did not cancel the reservation. When I reached the hotel the day I was supposed to check-in they said the room I booked was not available and gave me a really bad room in its place, even though I had given my credit card info for holding the desired room. The management did not seem very friendly and were unresponsive. On top of that they charged me incorrectly for the stay and I've been trying to contact their billing department for the past 3 days to sort out the problem but get no response.	
Aug 11 2007 	Terrible Unresponsive Management	While the rooms may be fine, the management is TERRIBLE. We had booked a block of rooms for the weekend, given a credit card to pay, and on Friday morning they told us they didn't have the rooms, even though on Thursday we were told everything was all set. The city was completely sold out . The management was unresponsive, even refusing to take our calls. They over booked and would not even assist in finding us other rooms. The general manager, Joe Montagne, would not take our calls, and did not return repeated messages. The sales manager, Andy Henricks, also would not take our calls or return messages. This is no way to run a business. This hotel may be OK unless you run into a problem, and then you will have no one to assist you. I would not suggest booking this hotel when the city is sold out. or you may end up on the streets of New York with nowhere to stay.	
Aug 5 2007 	Excellent service but tiny rooms	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Chelsea Aug 3-5. We booked a double room, and it was tiny--even by NYC standards! The pictures on this site cannot convey how small the rooms are! There is a nightclub nearby and we heard the bass thumping until 3am. The location is very convenient to both Penn Station and the 28th St #1 train. The neighborhood is a little dodgy--esp at night, some street people, etc. Breakfast is free with hot and cold foods, and coffee and juice is available 24/7. Not a bad choice if you are familiar with NYC and just need a place to sleep, but for first time travelers to nyc, I would recommend a midtown location.	
Jul 19 2007 	Holiday Inn Express Chelsea is AMAZING	I stayed at The Holiday Inn Express in Chelsea back in May of 2007 for the New York City Tattoo Convention and believe me it is all it's cracked up to be. The hotel was spotless and clean as was our room. Our room was on the 16th floor the only problem with this was they only have 2 elevators so sometimes you would have to wait a couple of minutes. The room was a typical city room pretty average size but really how much time do you spend in your room? It had that just cleaned smell and it was spotless, the bathroom was very clean as well. Right around the corner from the room was a snack machine as well as a soda machine with reasonably priced snacks and soda in case you got a craving for something in the night. The breakfast was amazing as well, they had muffins, coffee (which was brewed throughout the night), scrambled eggs, bagels, cereal, toast, pancakes, orange juice and a few other things. Needless to say it all tasted great. Downstairs from the lobby is a computer room with 4 computers as well as a workout room.If your not familiar with the city the hotel is located on W 29th street between 7th and 8th ave. You have 2 great/ affordable restaurants right around the corner as well as access to the subway.This hotel really was everything I had read and I will definitely be staying there next year.	
Jul 18 2007 	Clean hotel great customer service!	We stayed at this hotel on July 3, 2007 for 2 nights. The hotel was renovated last year. The room was very clean but smaller than we thought. However, this must be common since it was NYC. The breakfastwas tasty, but the room too small (overcrowded). The staff was SUPER! They were very helpful with parking hints (we parked right in front of the hotel which is on a commercial street. That saved us 2 days of parking (40$/day approx). We were lucky because we arrived onJuly 3 early evening and July 4 was a holiday.When we left, the hotel staff gave us goodies for our trip (heading towards Florida) and the kids were absolutely impressed! They sure made them feel special!I would recommend this hotel to my friends and I would stay there again.	
Jul 10 2007 	Nice Hotel	I stayed at this hotel from 7/4-7/7 with 2 friends. We had a room with 2 double beds. The room was very small, only about 15 inches between the bed and the wall and 2 feet between beds. We weren't in the room much so it wasn't a big deal (I wouldn't want to have little kids in this room). The room was very clean and the beds were comfortable.Breakfast was great, as long as you don't want the hot items. The eggs were flavorless. The french toast sticks &amp; sausage tasted like cheap frozen food heated badly. That said, the bagels, toast, cinnamon rolls, doughnuts, cereal, fruit and yogurt are great. Having the juice available all day was nice.As far as noise, I could hear people when they were in the hallway, but not when the were in their room. My room was in the corner near the stairwell, so it wasn't too bad.The area around the hotel seemed safe. It does quiet down at night though and gets a little dark. I would definitely stay at this hotel again, if the price was right.	
Jul 3 2007 	2nd trip to Holiday Inn Express	This was our 2nd time to New York City also our 2nd time to Holiday Inn Express Madison Square garden. This hotel is so nice clean, the rooms are a little small but who cares when you are in New York City you will not be spending a lot of time at the hotel anyway. The breakfast buffet is awesome, and they have hot breakfast such as eggs, sausage, ECT. They also have a juice machine that is in the lobby area that is available for free juice all day long, it’s nice to save a few dollars on a bottle of juice or a can of soda, we just went to the lobby and got a cup of juice. The location of this hotel is great the subway station is just a block away. There is a very good pizza joint 1 block from the hotel its right across the street from the subway station, if you stay at this hotel you have to check out the pizza place it’s the best pizza and mozzarella sticks I have ever had. There is also a restaurant right next door to the hotel (the left hand side) they serve pasta but do not eat there they have horrible food and it is a bit pricy for what you get. Over all the Holiday Inn Express is a wonderful hotel and is very much worth staying here.	
Jun 24 2007 	Great Hotel	We (group of three) stayed in this hotel for a week in June and enjoyed it.The hotel is in the fashion district between 7th and 8th Avenues in upper mid-town Manhattan, close to Madison Sq Gardens and Penn Station, Macy's, and the Empire State Building. It's about a 15/20 minute walk up to Times Square/42nd Street.There are two local subway stations - one on 28th and 7th Avenue where the 1 line will take you down-town to the Battery Park area, where the ferries for Liberty/Ellis island depart. It's only two blocks up to Penn Station on 7th Avenue where you can pick any number of lines that service different parts of the city.The area is quiet in the evening because of the number of fur shops in this street, but it's very safe. Having said that the area around this area of 8th Avenue is definitely a bit &quot;seedier&quot;, so I would tend to come in/go out via 7th Avenue which is far more attractive.Getting back to the hotel itself, the location is great as you will have gathered. The rooms are somewhat small if you have two beds in them. The beds , by the way, are Doubles - not Queens. However, the rooms are adequate if your intention is to spend as little time as possible in your room, and get out early to explore the city. The rooms were cleaned every day and fresh towels left.The clientelle seemed to be split between families on vacation and business people staying for short breaks.The breakfast room is on the ground floor opposite reception, and for a complimentary self-service breakfast, is very extensive: - tea/coffee/juices - toast/bagels/muffins - fruit - pastries/doughnuts/muffins - cereals/porridge - egg/bacon/sausage/hash brownsThe breakfast area tends to get busy between 8am and 9am but is good before and after this time. You can pick up refreshments anytime during the day. A nice cool juice drink is just what you need after a walk from the sub-way.There is an Internet room in the basement and a small gym beside it. I also found the terrace out the back which is quite sizeable and well-laid out with tables, chairs, and parasols, but no-one seems to use it while I was there. The hotel could do more to advertise this nice little extra.Having been there for a week probably puts me in a good position to see the positives and negatives about this hotel, but I have to say in all honestly that there are little or no down-sides in staying here. All-in-all I would recommend this to a group of 2/3 people willing to share a double room that require a central and safe location to explore the city.	
Jun 19 2007 	Good location good clean hotel	Small hotel in the centre of New York. The rooms are a bit small, but very clean and well maintained - bathroom clean with lots of clean white fluffy towels. The reception staff were very helpful and friendly. My 20 year old son and I spent 5 nights there in a queen double which was very tight on space round the beds. But we didn't go to New York to spend all our time in our hotel room - we wanted to see the sights and the hotel suited our needs. The complimentary breakfast was good and you could eat as much as you wanted witih lots of fresh coffee, fresh fruit salad as well as hot food. I thought the prices were a bit expensive, but I would go back there again because of it's location and cleanliness. Macy's is just a short walk away and subway and buses nearby - you can walk to Times Square and Empire State building. Good internet 'business centre' in the basement with printing facilities. I thought the area was very safe and would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 15 2007 	fantastic location and breakfast	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for 6 nights while visiting New York. We actually picked this hotel after reading the reviews on travel advisor. The hotel is perfectly positioned for all the tourist landmarks - Madison Sq, Empire State and Macys. Handy for the subway and just very easy to navigate from. First night we were booked into a ground floor room which unfortunately was near the kitchens and not far from the lifts. Being near the lifts meant the room was bit noisy and as they started breakfast early we were awoken early. So we asked to move - no problem. Next room on 9th floor was perfect - very quiet. The rooms are smallish but very adequate especially as we thought the room rate for New York was very reasonable. The inclusive breakfast was absolute bliss. The breakfast room can seem crowded but if you are patient you will get a table. Everything you could want for breakfast and more was available.Coffee is available in the lobby all the time as well. Staff were extremely helpful. We had a fantastic holiday helped by staying in the right hotel!	
Jun 11 2007 	NIce Stay	I just returned from NYC. I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for the first time after many hours researching different Hotels in Manhattan. I got a fair rate of $239.00 USI stayed from June 2-7/07.The hotel staff is friendly,the hotel is nice and new.The free hot/cold breakfast is an awesome way to start any day exploring NYC.The free wireless internet was nice but kindda slow.I found the area of 1-2 blocks around the Hotel to bit a bit seedy, I was not prepared to walk alone at night. Once you get beyond the Hotel I felt safer amongst more people.The housekeeping staff leave things like bags of towels and vacuums and carts in the hallways, quite an eyesore and clumsy to get around.My room was small, extremely small but that was okay since it was just the two of us, and I prefer clean over a large room any day. I did'nt really sleep well any night, the ice machine and doors closing and people in the hallways kept waking us up. I recommend wax earplugs.I would consider staying here again if the price were right, and maybe if I were as far away from the ice machine as possible.	
Jun 10 2007	Good value but not a must return	We stayed here at May 31 - June 3. We had a room on the 11th floor that was comfortable and clean. I would be willing to return here for a good rate, but would probably consider other lodging first. The hotel was very full all weekend, which made the elevators slow, breakfast crowded, etc.. Despite the crowds, we didn't have many noise problems. Slamming doors were definitely audible and I imagine noise could be a problem depending on your neighbors. Everyone raves about the breakfast, but I'm not so impressed. The hot foods are barely palatable; the &quot;coffee&quot; is brown water. I did appreciate the fresh fruit and yogurt though. And I also appreciated having beverages available at any time of the day. Location: a very convenient location for sightseeing, but definitely a business district that slows down, as much as NYC ever does, after hours. One last thing: we were told that some aircon units in the building were not operational; being a newly opened hotel, they had just become aware of the problem and were in the process of replacing the faulty units. Fortunately, ours worked, but I overheard complaints from people in rooms without working aircon.	
Jun 8 2007 	Nice enough	Brand new facility in great shape! Rooms are a little small but well furnished and very comfortable. I stayed here for 3 nights. On one of the nights a nightclub behind the hotel pumped the bass until 5:00am making it impossible to sleep. I reported this to the front desk, they were aware of the problem and said they had contacted the authorities and the club's owners but have not been able to agree to anything. I give the hotel credit for trying to remedy the situation. The hotel said that normally they would relocate me to another room however they were fully booked. The hotel delivered extra pillows and kind apologies to me. The other two nights were very restful. The location is good if you want to explore Chelsea or the Garment District. The closest subway is the #1 at 28th Street. Penn Station is about two blocks away, I schlepped my luggage from there which was difficult but practical. I would recommend this hotel but be careful of room assignment. I think I higher floor or another room in the building would have provided relief from the club noise.	
Jun 3 2007 	Great Hotel	Overall it is a very nice and clean hotel, front desk is friendly and they accommodated all my request.My deal was about $200 per night and I think it is really a good deal if it is for a group of 4 traveling in Manhattan. Book it earlier and it should be a bit cheaper.A credit to the breakfast, different things everyday and many choices. better than any other roadside Holiday Inn Express I had stayed before.Also they have snacks provided during the day, and drinks for anytime...	
May 29 2007 	Great hotel!	just spent 4 nights at this hotel on a weekend break with a friend and it was ideal for our needs. rooms are quite small but not a problem and from what i read about other hotels this is the norm for new york! bonus is that hotel has only been open for six months meaning that everything is clean and new. we had booked a non-smoking twin with two double beds. we ended up in a smoking room as we wanted to check in early - this was fine and even though the corridor smelt slightly of smoke the room did not. beds were comfy and room had air conditioning which was very welcome considering it was in the 80's F during the night and in the 90's in the daytimes! iron and ironing board and coffee maker in room too which was added bonus. bathroom has bath and good powerful shower. clean towels every day and bed sheets changed every few days. free breakfast was a big bonus - although get there early if you want a bagel...they seem to go very quickly!! good selection - cereal, toast, bagels, fruit teas, eggs, bacon, fruit, yoghurt - eat as much as you want! it does get very busy so be prepared to take-out or back to your room if you can't get a table. free internet available in the business centre downstairs. also there is a terrace somewhere in the hotel - we didn;t have time to investigate though. location is very handy - very close to Penn station and madison square garden and a few minutes walk to Macy's. easy for Times Square and Empire State Building (which we could see from our window!)all in all everything you would expect from a holiday inn express plus a little bit more. very helpful staff and great location made our stay a great one - i will be going back soon!	
May 28 2007 	Okay at best.	I stayed at this hotel from May 23 - May 27, and it was okay at best. The rooms are small, but that's not a problem considering we only slept in them. The major problem was the faulty air conditioners. Our room stayed at 80 degrees all day despite sitting the thermometer at 60 degrees. At first we thought it was a broken unit, so we switched rooms. TWICE. We had a total of three rooms and none of the air conditioners were very good. Thank goodness it wasn't Auguest. I don't expect sub-zero temperatures, but when I pay $180 a night for a hotel room I do expect decent temperatures. That was our only complaint, albeit a large one. A maintenance man was sent to each of our three rooms to check out the AC and each time he said the unit was fine, it just needed time to cool off. When we would return 8 hours later the room was still hot and the temperature did not change. Other than that, this hotel is fine. The breakfast is nice, so is the free coffee/juice in the lounge all day and night. It is VERY close to everything... we walked to Times Square with no problem.  The city is amazing. I reccommend catching the Phantom of the Opera. It was spectacular. This hotel wasn't BAD, but it wasn't great either. It is doubtful we will stay at this Holiday Inn Express.	
May 21 2007 	Great new Hotel	I just got back from staying at this hotel, it is a new hotel and is close to all the sights, got a rate of 180.00 per night off their web site. you get a free breakfeast with your stay rooms are little small but nice and clean.	
Apr 30 2007 	What a Gem!	I booked several rooms for a group of us attending a convention. We had waited too long to book and other hotels we traditionally had stayed at were booked (i.e.Hilton). Everyone was a little nervous when I told them the Holiday Inn Express...what a surprise this place turned out to be. Yes, the rooms are small but the place is immaculate and the staff is superb. The bathtub more than made up for only having a small cupboard for hanging clothes. I was lucky enough to have a room to myself so there were no complaints from me! From the moment I hobbled in with way too much luggage these people went out of their way to make me comfortable. The hot breakfast buffet (actually tasted decent!) in the morning and the hot snacks in the evening were an added bonus. I am a roamer and I felt very safe - sure there were some rather strange people on the streets but nobody threatening-day or evening. Plenty of places to eat and drink around the corner in either direction. I cannot rave enough about the staff...! What a pleasant stay it was.	
Apr 23 2007 	It should be called the barking dog hotel.	Hmmmm. Well, I'm not so happy. A few major problems. Front desk was friendly but very unaccommodating. Also it has a 3 star rating, but I've stayed in much nicer 2 stars downtown in NYC.The first problem is the barking dogs. This apparently is a pet hotel. Saturday night was horrible. The room next to me left their small yappy dog in the room alone all day. And the dog barked, yelped, cried and winded all day and all night until 4 in the morning when their owners returned. WHO DOES THIS TO THEIR ANIMALS? I would never leave my pets alone scared in a hotel room. I'm in town for a job interview and I got no sleep. none. No exaggeration. You hear everything through these walls and the dog sounded like it was 2 feet away from me. The hotel did nothing about it. The hotel was sold out so I could not move rooms. They sent security up who verified there was a yappy whining dog in the room. That was about it. Next the heat/air did not work. Again, I couldn't switch rooms because it was sold out. I had to keep the window open to try to cool it off in the room.Also, I wanted to do a late check out. I was 100% willing to pay to do so - I wanted to check out at 2 and not noon on a MONDAY and they flat out said no to it. After inquiring and saying I would pay to do so they said there would be a $50 charge. I asked how long that would give me and hey said a 1/2 an hour. CRAZY. CRAZY. CRAZY.The room was clean and well sized for a NYC hotel. It was clean and secure. I would not call this Chelsea. Technically it is but it's closer to Madison Square Garden and the Empire State building than anything quiet and trendy like Chelsea. Location was just fine though, it's close to all the subway lines. I got a good deal here through hotwire. Equal to the price of a 1 star shared bathroom this weekend. Would I stay here for the average full price of $320 a night. No way!!!! Never. I would go to The Exchange or The Avenue for a much cheaper and pleasant experience for that money.The barking dog was the worst. I'm very unhappy.	
Apr 22 2007	Price is Right ?	Inexpensive and acceptable by New York standards.Rooms are small but compact and nicely arrangedwith most of the amenities that you need for a shortstay. Since the halls are narrow and rooms close together,the slamming of doors is difficult not to hear, especiallylate at night. If you are a light sleeper, this may be a problem,as it was for me.Also, this part of Chelsea, near Madison Square Garden,is not the most desirable part of NYC. It is not close tosubways and not a neighborhood that you would care to strollin. But, if you need a cheap place to stay and don't expect tolinger in the hotel, then it is worth considering, particularly ifyou get a discount rate, e.g., Priceline.com.Incidentially, large tour groups are attracted to this hotel--whichmay or may not bode well for the quality of this hotel.	
Apr 21 2007 	Hotel fine; staff terrible	The hotel is fine. It's new -- opened in October. Room was tiny and a tad dirty (I've seen far worse in New York). Breakfast is very crowded, hard to find a table.Housekeeping leaves their carts in the hallway at all times, if that gives you an idea of what kind of place this is.My complaint, in fact is with housekeeping. I was traveling on business; I left my receipts on the desk in the room. Housekeeping threw them out. They were not near the garbage, they were sitting in the middle of the desk. I spoke to the manager about this; for my troubles, the next day I returned to the room to discover the door to my room had been left wide open. Fortunately nothing was gone, as far as I can tell. After all this, silly me left receipts on the desk again (should've known better) and they were again thrown out. I even put a note on them to the effect of &quot;don't throw this stuff out&quot; -- didn't matter. The crowning achievement was housekeeping also helping themselves to a small amount of cash that I left on the desk by accident (less than $5). After speaking with the manager the first day I never heard from him again. Left him a couple messages.Also really annoying is the fact that the street in front of the hotel was being re-paved (29th St). They -started- work on it at 6pm and wrapped up around 1 in the morning. When you're on the 4th floor facing the street this is not exactly conducive to sleeping... I asked the front desk how long it would be going on and they just said they didn't know; I went back outside and asked the workers. You'd think the front desk staff could at least take some initiative to do this and appear helpful....I'd avoid this place. I certainly wouldn't stay here again.	
Apr 16 2007 	Excellent hotel	Just returned from a week in New York at the Holiday Inn Express, Chelsea. Would fully recommend this hotel, great location, convenient for site seeing, clean, good sized rooms with huge TV, great bathroom with a strong shower, and comfortable bed. The breakfast is free and copious (hot and cold, eggs, bacon, pancakes, waffles, bagels, muffins etc), restocked every hour or so until 10 am. Coffee and tea available all day - very welcome after a days walking! Very reasonable rates - much cheaper than uptown hotels. Only one downside, the noise within the hotel at night - it was spring break and loads of high school students invaded the hotel, hence banging doors etc and the ventilation /heating system is quite noisy. However, these are minor disturbances and we'd certainly return.	
Apr 12 2007 	Comfortable	No problems to report, very clean &amp; comfortable, we had a whirlpool bath which was fantastic to relax in after a day walking. Only stayed one night. Breakfast room is very small, if the hotel is busy I expect there could be a wait for a table! Continental breakfast was good quality. Quick check in &amp; check out. Everything you would expect from a Holiday Inn Express.	
Apr 11 2007 	Excellent place to stay; included breakfast makes it more valuable.	It was a last minute decision, we were planning to stay at the DoubleTree off of Times Square, but we are sooo glad we switched. The building is so new it doesn't show up in Google Earth as of April 2007. Every thing was as promised -- the room and bathroom was super clean, the provided breakfast each morning was wonderful - filling, tasty and offered a wide variety. The coffee and juices were available 24 hours, so we tanked up a thermos for the trip home. Both bell hops we left our bags with were friendly and competent, the front desk staff was both friendly and efficient, and when we called down to request new batteries for the TV remote, they came by to replace them minutes later. The hotel was conveniently located one short block over from the 28th street Red-1 subway station and an easy five short blocks to Penn Station. To cap it off, the room with our AAA discount was $150/night less expensive then the DoubleTree (which admittedly offered a much bigger suite with king size bed.) The bathroom soap miniatures were all scented with cinnamon and were a real hit -- we would buy the shampoo for home use if the HIE would sell it in large quantities than travel size... If pressed, the only thinkg we would point to as a problem is that the elevators were somewhat slow. Otherwise a stellar, recommended place to stay.	
Apr 11 2007 	Great Hotel in great location	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Chelsea during the period 05-09 Apr 07 and it was an enjoyable stay. The hotel is conveniently located not far from the subway, Penn Station and Madison Square gardens, a short walk to the Empire State Building. We stayed in a room with a KS bed, a little cozy, but very clean and very quiet. This is a popular hotel as during our stayed they were booked out. We were a little worried it may have been noisy, but it was very quiet during the night. Breakfast was very good, one of the best I have experienced at a HI Express, which consisted of a hot or cold buffet breakfast. Service at the hotel was excellent.I would recommend this hotel for anyone travelling to NYC. The cost was pretty reasonable compared to many other hotels in the location.Well done HI Express Chelsea.	
Apr 7 2007	Pretty Nice Room but ....	Holiday Inn Express, Chelsea, is a nice little hotel, conveniently located -- not really in Chelsea, actually closer to mid-town and Penn Station/Madison Square Garden. The room I stayed in was clean and comfortable, and best of all, QUIET. On one of the upper floors with very little street noise.The room was nicely appointed and modern, though small. My experience at the hotel was good overall, except for one thing: hotel parking is a problem. The hotel claims to have a deal with a garage about 4-5 blocks walk from the door. The problem is, there are three garages on the same block, so if you're looking to get Holiday Inn Express's overnight parking deal for $25, you have to make sure you have the right garage. I located the correct garage, parked my car for less than 24 hours, then when I went to retrieve the car was told the hotel had stamped my parking tag as a &quot;hotel employee&quot;, so I was not eliglble for the $25 overnight parking deal. When I returned to the hotel to explain the problem and try to get them to credit my account for the difference I had to pay for parking (from the amount they advertised), the front desk clerk refused, with the explanation that because I had booked my room through Hotwire they couldn't make any credits to my account (?)Not very good customer service. I had no choice but to pay the extra $$ for parking if I wanted to get my car back -- after sloshing through the rain for several long city blocks to park the car in the first place. I was willing to accept this inconvenience in order to get the hotel's advertised parking rate, which ultimately I did not get and the hotel would not make right, without making me jump through hoops and make all sorts of calls long after I had left to anonymous &quot;managers&quot; .... ie: the buck was passed, with no satisfaction.Be prepared for a decent room and convenienct location, but much less than stellar customer service from this outfit.	
Mar 31 2007 	Our First Trip to NY - would stay here again	We stayed 3 nights, location was good,close to Penn Station,Empire State building,5th Avenue. The staff here were very helpful - we had a problem with our room on arrival but this was soon addressed.	
Mar 27 2007 	Great Getaway	I wanted to surprise my boyfriend with a romantic evening. As I was searching for hotels online, I came across this hotel which is Brand-new 15-story hotel. It opened up sometime end of last year. I booked a king-size bed that featured a jacuzzi-tub. I spread rose pedals all over the room, ran a hot bubble bath, and lit a couple of candles. The night was great and I scored extra points with my boyfriend (LOL).The breakfast also offered FREE breakfast every morning from 6-10:30am.....which I given a tray so I can give my love breakfast-in-bed. Since I live in the local NYC area, I was able to call my friends for FREE and internet was also FREE. Staff was friendly, hotel was clean and I was able to check-in before 3pm.I am definitely coming back in a month or two.	
Mar 22 2007 	I would not recommend this hotel!	I was not at all happy with our stay at this hotel.Accomodations were booked thru [--] for one room/ two nights/ three people. The reasons are as follows:-No parking garage at the hotel. We had to park 5 blocks away. -The room had two double beds. A double bed is very uncomfortable for two adults to sleep in together and I can tell you that I had two nights of very bad sleep. -The complimentary drinks were not available b /c the coffee/juice machine had a notice on it that stated it had been shut down by the dept of health. -The complimentary breakfast ended at 10:00 am NOT 11:00 am as stated in the Guest information booklet in the room. We found this out when we went down to breakfast at 10:30 and found that breakfast was over-the management had neglected to inform us of this change. -The housekeeper did not leave us any soap when she made up the room in the first morning. We asked for soap-but she did not give us any she told us to use bath gel instead.	
Mar 15 2007 	Such a deal!	We got a great last minute rate of $104 for a one night stay in mid-March. This hotel really exceeded our expectations. As has been said, the rooms are small and the showers are difficult to figure out, but this hotel is such a great deal at this price. Everything was spotlessly clean, the staff was very friendly, the free continental breakfast was extensive, and the location was perfect. I recommend this hotel highly, for this kind of money in New York you don't expect a stay this nice!	
Mar 14 2007	Excellent Holiday Inn in Chelsea	Outstanding location in midtown. Near Penn Station for most trains in NYC, and there's a station only 2 blocks away to catch the 1 train. Rooms are very very small, but BRAND NEW facilities make this a great place to stay. Beds are exceptionally comfortable, showers are awesome. HOORAY for the coffee pot in the room. Free breakfast includes more food than typically seen in this type of place. Even hot foods! Dining area is tiny, and traffic flow is a headache, but manageable on this budget. Business center includes 3 computers and printers. Doors unavoidably slam which makes late night arrivers to your floor an instant unwanted wake up call. Front desk personnel very helpful. Location is really awesome and was perfect for my trip with 26 high school kids.	
Mar 12 2007 	very noisy	Hotel was overrun with school parties, we spent 4 very sleepless night there in March 2007, having complained three times we were never taken serious, the manager was never in, he was gonna get back to us, that never happend.If you are travelling with a very large school party we think this hotel would suit you, and you want to be up all night with kids running along corridors and banging doors, it was 80% kids in the hotel, very very noisy.while lying in bed we could hear someone in the adjoining room urinating and the flush, disgusting.	
Mar 10 2007 	Great Location Awesome Breakfast	Went to NYC to sightsee with a friend. We loved the location of the hotel, close to a lot of transportation, shopping and restaurants. As women, we felt 100% safe. Hotel staff was extremely courteous; free wireless access in the rooms.	
Mar 7 2007 	Loved everything	Have just returned home from a four night stay at the Holiday Inn Express. Great Location within a few minutes walk to all the local attractions and can easily get a bus or subway to lower manhatten. Rooms were lovely and clean and the bed was so big and comfortable. We had clean towels everyday and the room was cleaned to a very high standard. Complimentary breakfast is included and we had no complaints. A variety of food from fruit, bagels, cereals, hot breakfast (including omlettes, sausages etc) plenty to eat and also buffett so eat what you like. Although there was no coffee facilities in the room coffee was available throughout the day in the foyer which was free of charge, so after being out all day you can get back and take a coffee upto the room. All the staff were so helpful and with the location makes a prime place to stay. We are planning another trip later in the year and will certainly be staying here.	
Mar 5 2007	Cannot stress enough...Stay at this hotel!	If you are looking for an affordable and safe good night’s rest after touring the city, then this is definitely the hotel for you.My boyfriend and I flew in to Atlantic City from Miami and took the greyhound to NY. When we arrived to the Port Authority, we WALKED to the hotel. It was about 5 minutes away. On the way to the hotel, we passed Madison Square Garden, which was fabulous. The hotel staff greeted us right away and we were able to check in 3 hours ahead of check-in time.The rooms are small. We had a king size bed, a TV, a desk, and a very small dresser. If you are traveling for over a week, then you might want to upgrade to a bigger room. The room was super clean (as the hotel is new) and the bathroom was a bit smaller than the normal size bathrooms. The breakfast buffet was delicious and FREE. There is a business center with about four computers for those who like to check their emails frequently. Most importantly, the hotel is in a safe and prime location. We were able to tour the city and walk back to the hotel at 2AM with no problem. When you exit the hotel, turn right, make a left on 7th street, walk three blocks and you are in Times Square. Or, you can continue on to 6th street, make a left and run into Times Square AND 5th avenue shopping! We did not use a taxi at all during our four day stay. We walked to Times Square, Rockefellar Center, MSG (it was right next door), and walked over to the subway station to visit Brooklyn and Queens.It was a great hotel and extremely affordable. We are going back in the summer and definitely staying in this hotel.	
Mar 3 2007	Awesome stay at the Holiday Inn Express Chelsea	My friend and I stay at the Holiday Inn Express in Chelsea in February of 2007; we had the time of our life. We had never been to New York and had a lot of questions; the whole staff at the hotel was so helpful and seemed so pleased to help. I work at a hotel myself so I was really noticing a lot of things that were excellent about this hotel. The rooms were spotless; the hotel is in a very convenient location, within walking distance to a lot of restaurants, shopping and the subway station. The thing I want to point out the most is the helpfulness of the whole entire staff at the Holiday Inn Express. I will stay here again in the future.	
Feb 26 2007 	Great Place to Stay	Just returned from a weekend stay. For a NYC hotel, this was great and priced well. My room was clean, the staff was friendly, each night of my stay they recommended GREAT places for dinner. I arrived early, 9:00am, and they checked my bags. Breakfast was free and was more then I expected. I would highly recommend this hotel and have plans to stay here during my next visit to NYC.	
Feb 25 2007 	Cleancomfortable 	A very clean comfortable modern hotel in a central location, 10 minutes walk to Macey's and the Empire State building.Helpful friendly staff. Breakfast was bit of a scrum due to more people than seating, nether the less we managed and the food provided was adequate. The hot and cold drinks available f.o.c. 24/7 in the lobby are an excellent extra, as was the perculator in our room.The hotel arranged our transport back to the airport and happily stored our bags for the afternoon.The free use of the internet was another plus factor. Would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Feb 24 2007	modern hotel with great value - hard to go wrong here	It's easy to make a mistake booking a hotel in NYC. Some old renovated hotels are not up to modern standards,. In fact, only the really high-end renovated grand hotels measure up to a good standard. If you don't realize this you can spend quite a bit of money and not get the greatest accommodations.  That being the case it is hard to go wrong with the Holiday Inn Express in Chelsea. It is new in late 2006 and is very convenient to Penn Station, Madison Square Garden, Macy's, the fashion district, and the theater district. The rooms are not huge, but they are functional and were very clean. The continental breakfast was much better than what I expected. Along with the usual beverages and pastries they also had omelets, bacon, cereal, and surprisingly good cinnamon rolls. It was a great way to start the day (and spend money elsewhere!)-john r	
Feb 17 2007	Loved this little gem	We found this place by accident and it was terrific. It is in a great location, the rooms are lovely, the staff are helpful, there is a decent free breakfast and a business center with three computers.Would highly recommend it! We found a great rate of $140-150 per night.Date of stay: Feb. 1, 2007	
Feb 16 2007	Highly recommended	We were most impressed. This hotel is easy walking distance to Times Square / Broadway / Madison Sq Gdns etc; and only a block away from the nearest underground station. While the room was exceptionally TINY one must remember that you only sleep there (you dont spend many waking hours in it!). We were even pleasantly surprised that the price included breakfast (eggs, bacon, hash, pancakes etc - we thought we'd get a bowl of cereal at best). Filter coffee; hot chocolate; and fruit juice is available free of charge, 24/7 in the lobby. Everything was clean and in good condition. We'd come again!	
Feb 14 2007 	Excellent Location and very Comfortable	We stayed at this Hotel over New year 2006/2007 for five days. having never been to the US before, we were not sure what to expect in terms of hotel standards, however, we were pleasantly suprised.The hotel room was quite large and very comfortable. The room had a very large double bed, a wardrobe, wide screen television (with cable channels) and a dressing table. The hotel room's bathroom was very well finished in marble from top to bottom, with an excellent bath/shower (the brand of which you can actually purchase from the hotel!). The room was also airconditioned. The hotel room was very modern, finished to a high standard, with new furniture. It was extremely clean and tidy.The hotel has a breakfast area and serves a buffet style breakfast in the mornings (which mainly consisted of processed 'fast food', but the cinnamon danish buns were delicious!). We found the hotel to be excellent value for money and the location was superb, close to Macys, the Empire State Building and transport links. We stayed at a busy time of the year and found the breakfast room to be of an inadequate size to cope with the volume of guests staying at this time. It was also difficult to get to our floor, as we sometimes had to wait a while on the lift. The hotel advertises gym facilities, however this is misleading. Its a room with only two treadmills and an exercise bike!We sent a number of items to be laundered in the hotel, and they all came back shrunk, so be aware of this!All this said we really enjoyed the hotel and would definitely recommend it to other travellers.	
Feb 9 2007 	Great Hotel~	I visited New York during the Christmas week...The hotel is located nearby main attractions(approx 10min walking distance to Macy's, subway station).Their continental breakfast is great, the quality of bathroom amenities are well above the average, the staffs are very friendly.They allowed us to check in 1.5hr early without any extra charge.The rooms is quite small but has all the necessary items. The bathroom is in great condition.I really recommend this hotel,,,Great value and great price^-^!!	
Feb 8 2007	Great deal!	Four days before a weekend trip to New York, our hotel plans fell through. After bidding for a room on priceline &amp; praying that we wouldn't get a dump for the cheap price we paid, I have to say that we were more than pleasenly surprised with this hotel. It was new, clean, &amp; the staff was very helpful with anything that we needed. It being New York, we were expecting a very poor experience for the price that we paid. It was, instead, one of the nicest hotels I have stayed at. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is going to be in New York and needs to stay on a budget. It is close to Penn Station and a quick hop to anywhere that you would like to go in the city. The complimentary breakfast was also more than we bargined for...you can plan on eating at the hotel instead of having to eat breakfast out. Although I do recommend that you get to the buffett early; it gets crowded the later it is in the morning. The room was small, but in New York, it doesn't really matter anyway.	
Feb 5 2007	Fantastic Deal!	When two friends of mine and I decided late last week to go to NYC together, I counted on getting a decent deal through priceline.com, hoping that low rates on other sites for this time of the year meant a promising search on priceline. We got a very reasonnably priced room at the Holiday Inn Express in Chelsea--and have not been disappointed. The hotel is in a superb location, two minutes away from the 1-line that connects you with everything and in the middle of one of NYC's hot areas (fashion district, clubs, Empire State Buildng, Chrysler Building etc.). The hotel is quite new and thus in great condition; our room was small, but since you don't come to NYC to stay in your hotel, we didn't mind at all. We lucked out and got a corner room on the top floor, without a view, but also without neighbors, and it was thus very quiet except for the central heating system that hummed us into sleep. I read somewhere that the bathroom is always a good indicator of how much a hotel wants to save--but the solidly tiled, granite (?) counter tops, metal/ porcellain bathtubs, the funky collection of mouthwash and shampoo etc. and the great towels made a very pleasant statement. The staff was incredibly friendly, there is free internet access in the basement--and the complimentary breakfast is as good as in a European hotel. In my 13+ years of staying in American hotels, I have never seen such a generous buffet, all included--even the coffee is great! I will definitely try to stay there again, even if I have to pay more for it than the great steal we landed through priceline.com. A total find!	
Feb 5 2007 	Very pleased overall	Sticker shock for New York hotels in December was terrible. Finally hit this hotel through Priceline. Price was still high but better than other choices.The hotel is either new or redecorated. Room was small but clean with new furnishings. Staff was helpful and friendly. It's not as close to my favorite haunts as other hotels but still fairly convenient. Buildings along the street were under renovation and it was a bit scary walking under scaffolding at night at first but there were enough pedestrians to make me feel safe.There seemed to be lots of families and tour groups staying here, another sign of good value.Free breakfast was adequate but nothing to write home about.I would stay here again, especially when everything else is pricey.	
Feb 2 2007 	No Complaints!	Went to NYC for 4 nights at the end of January and booked the hotel after reading TRIPADVISOR reviews. Had my own personal critirea and the Holiday Inn Express Chelsea fitted them all.On arrival, I was expected, checked-in in seconds was probably in my room less than 5 minutes after walking through the front door.Asked for a 'quiet' Executive Room and was put up on floor 12. Had the window open all night and the street/traffic noise was not bad at all. Shame about some of my neighbours on the floor!The room was very nice but not over large, with big firm bed, plenty of lights, two phones, desk, clock/radio, TV &amp; the heating/AC unit that was fine and quiet. No safe which was a pain in the rear as I had to keep going down to reception. It's a modern, fairly new hotel and should have had a safe in all rooms. If I has any complaints, that would be my only one.Storage in the room was qute limited but I was on my own so it didn't really matter.The bathroom was bright, clean and large with plenty of towels, flannels, comp shampoo etc. Shower was powerful (once the receptionist drew me a map on how to get it working!!) and hot and you didn't land up with the usual floods of water on the bathroom floor. Also had a whirlpool bath. Now here is the wierd thing - bathroom and bedroom were seperated by a sliding opaque glass wall. You could either slide the wall open and step into the bath/shower - or walk in through the door as normal. Really wierd!Got the room at a what I considered to be an excellent rate and breakfast was an unexpected extra, didn't realise it was included. The other suprise was that it was the breakfast quality was excellent with wide range of cooked items, breads, cereals, pasteries, fruits, etc. Coffee was on tap 24/7, always hot and nice coffee too. That saved me a few bucks!In the basement was a fitness room. Although there were only three machines I never had to wait to use them. Next to the fitness room was a Business Centre with 3 computers, printers and a photocopier - all free of charge. I think the whole hotel was wireless broadband and free.Location was fantastic for me being 4 minute walk to Herald Sq and Madison Square Garden.No complaints - would gladly stay there again. Only reservation was if there were two of us and we would be staying more a week or so the room might start to get a little cramped.PS, come out the hotel and turn left, at the lights turn right and go up one block. Cross over the road and you will come a cheesecake shop. Do yourself a favour - GO THERE!	
Jan 31 2007	Don't tell anyone !!!	Have just returned from 4 nights at the Holiday Inn Express. Was really impressed with the friendly staff and the room which was fine for the time you spend there. A clean comfy bed with a fantastic shower facility (once I too had to ask how it worked!) so close to the subway is a real treat especially for the price.The complimentary breakfast was a real surprise and got me through till mid-afternoon without fail. The free internet too is a nice touch. These things cost so little to provide but show a willingness to provide a bit more than many larger and more established hotels. No restaurant/bars etc but there are plenty to choose from in the location.No complaints at all except that as more people get to hear about this gem of a hotel the price will inevitably go up ! Hopefully, I will return soon.	
Jan 20 2007 	Good overall- but please sort out those slamming doors!!!	We booked this hotel after deciding pretty last minute that we were going to NY for xmas and new year. It was a complete chance as there were no reviews at the time and limited details available but it was reasonable for manhattan and I just went with the fact it was new. We were more than pleased with the hotel when we arrived. Its not exactly luxury but more a room rate that varied between 100 and 220 dollars over the festive break we could not complain. Room was clean and adequate size, good toiletries often replaced- I didn't use my own. The bath wasn't big enough for my partner but fine for me. Breakfast had a good range on offer, the bagels and muffins were delicious but it was so busy that when new items came out there was a scarm for who could get 10 bowls each first and then leave them on their bowls uneaten. The breakfast room really was very small for the number of guests and I always felt very sorry for the staff that were trying to replenish stocks amongst frustrated guests wanting more doughnuts etc. One day my own frustartion got the better of me as I watched one worker trying his best to get food out whilst people shouted for more- I went to reception where 3 staff were seemingly just watching this taken place. I asked if there was anyone that could help him as it wasn't fair for people to be shouting at him. The lady behind the desk was very pleasant but there was a man who acted like he was above it all and simpley replied 'its always like this!&quot; Aside from this, the other big problem for me was the noise, I was pleasantly surprised to find that outside noise was minimal thanks to great double glazing. However, the doors constantly slamming really needs to be sorted. The walls betwwen rooms are really way too thin as well we could hear tvs, talking and the worst- one couples nocturnal activities. If only these things were not an isssue I would have given the hotel 5* as it was a good price, good location, free internet access, and the drinks machine that you could help yourself to was a godsend a lovely touch that saved us so much money.	
Jan 15 2007 	Snappy answers to stupid questions	Like the previous poster, I had lots of fun with the thermostat and the shower, but after asking two stupid questions that they say have been asked by a lot of people, everything was fine. There is still work going on in the basement and unless fully booked, I can't understand why they'd put anyone down there.The room itself was fairly compact but fine, with a hallway leading into the proper room. Storage is at a relative minimum, with drawers under the TV cabinet and only a skinny armoire to hang clothes up in--and the armoire was already occupied by an iron, ironing board and an extra blanket. That said, the bed was very comfortable (with four pillows), the bathroom was of decent size and once I got the heat and shower working, all was right with the world.There's also an extended continental breakfast with both hot and cold food and coffee and juice available all day.The location is great, with the 1 subway line a block and half away and Herald Square a five minute walk. Got it for $75 a night through Priceline and if I could get that kind of deal again, I'd go back--especially now that I know how to deal with the heat (pull down the thermostat cover and adjust it manually) and the shower (pull down the ring at the end of the faucet).	
Jan 7 2007 	Great bargain in midtown manhattan!	The holiday Inn Express is a brand new 15 story hotel, just opened in Oct. 2006. We stayed during last week of December and got a great bargain rate of $110 per night! (Imagine paying double price for a hotel in midtown manhattan during the x'mas season) The hotel has free continental breakfast every morning from 6 to 10 a.m. but get there early before 8 a.m. to avoid the crowds. The lobby area gets very crowded so get your breackfast early and eat it in the comfort of your own room. We got so full every breakfast that we skipped lunch everyday, plus saved alot of money on brunch.Location is excellent walking distance to many NY landmarks. Just exit hotel and turn north on 7th Avenue. You will get to Madison sqaure garden and Penn station in just 1 block, Macy's largests dept store is 3 blocks, and Times Square is 10 blocks away. Manhattan city blocks are like rectangles, very short north and south but very wide east and west. Don't drive in NY b/c walking is faster since traffic is always congested in Manhattan, plus parking is very hard to find. Location is very safe, lots of NYPD officers around the area and plenty of people walking at night. However, hotel room is very small, about 200 sqft, but that is expected b/c space is a premium in Manhattan. Plus room walls are somewhat thin especially when other guests close their doors and take showers. You can hear some people talking in the hallways but it is mostly quiet at night. I would definitely stay at this hotel again for the convenient location, new rooms, free breakfast, and great bargain rates. If you're on a budget, this is the place to stay!!	
Jan 6 2007 	Bare Bones Choice in NYC	We regularly visit NYC and have stayed at assorted hotels. This hotel is very basic but was fine. This is truly a Holiday Inn Express and if you would be happy with that in New York you will be okay. The staff was fine and there is a parking lot just next door if you arrive by car. While they call this Chelsea it is not the nice area in the teens which most New Yorkers think of as Chelsea. Rather is it just 3 blocks from Madison Square Garden and Penn Station which means the immediate neighborhood (especially 8th Avenue toward the Garden) is not the greatest. On the plus side you are a very short walk from Macy's and the Empire State Building and you can easily walk to Times Square and the Theatre District.	
Jan 6 2007 	great great hotel	very great location and convenient , only one block to subway station. easy to get in any atractions in new york city.room was clean and comfortable. bathroom was clean and modern. hotel staffs were helpful, and compliantry breakfast was so great you can get not only fresh fruit and bread, but also many choice of hot food. this hotel was great and rate was cheap and fair, especially in new york city. i will stay in this hotel again	
Jan 1 2007 	Great stay but some noise issues.	Everything thats been said about this hotel is true, its a great location, round the corner of the no 1 subway which will get you to the most important (tourist) hotspots. And just a few blocks from penn/34st street station for all business puposes. Cabs are not hard to find, 7th down, and 8th for uptown travel. Just walk towards any corner. Staff is great, efficient and polite. This is not however your New England B&amp;B, but it doesn't pretend to be. Breakfast is a zoo when full, but is provided with swift service. So you don't have to wait for food very long, if they are out. Bathroom is great, new and big enough. 4 people in a room would be more than a squeeze though. If you have however stayed at a London or Paris budget hotel, this is the Ritz!One big issue for me is the lack of soundproofing. Or at least the doors not being soundtight, at all. It wouldn't matter if you had the door wide open, you'd hear the same. Slamming doors the whole night, people talking in the hallways etc. If this bothers you, you should REALLY consider another hotel. We moved twice, and although the staff we're very helpfull, it did not solve the noise problem. So bought earplugs and turned on the airconditioning to drown out the sound, but still no better. Streetnoise is virtually non exitent, due to great double glassed windows. (Why dont you guys just finish it all off by putting in they right doors?)If they get the sound issues straightend out, I would give them a 10 out of 10. So all in all:If you're a light sleeper MOVE ON!If you want to sleep cheap in a great bed, with good morning food, in a good location, in a great new room, and a smile on the staffs faces, STAY HERE!	
Dec 30 2006 	Just wonderful - great hotel in every respect	My family and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights for an after Christmas getaway...It was excellent in every respect. Things that are great:Location - Can't get any better - just blocks from MSG, Penn Station, Macy's Herald Square, Times Square.Price - Half of what you would get at any other Manhattan hotel.Service - These are seasoned folks here. They were very accommodating when they could be and very matter of fact but pleasant when they could not. I sat in the lobby for some times and watched as they handled each situation with expertise and professionalism.Rooms - Small...This is no shock since it's NYC. But even through they are small, they are designed very efficiently and everything about them is great. The beds are comfortable, TV is good, bathrooms are nice (granite, GREAT shower, Luxury-thick towels), Wi-Fi access is great and fast.Breakfast - OK, just do the math here. On average, you have 500+ folks staying in the hotel and they offer a great spread for 70 or so folks (fire code). When it's normal, I bet it's OK, but when it's sold out, it's a zoo, a free for all...and New Yorkers/New York tourists are great at shoving and being rude.Elevators - you can wait a while since there are only 2 and there are no service elevators so the staff uses them. But they are clean and smell nice.All in all, you can't go wrong here. It's a new property, so that helps and it may go downhill in the future, but for now, it's a great choice.	
Dec 25 2006 	Quality Accomadations	My family recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Express-Chelsea. We found the accommodations to be clean and of quality. Our room was small but I understand that small rooms are the norm for New York. The staff was friendly and very helpful and accommodating. The hotel is in walking distance of Penn Station. The location was excellent as well. Excellent value. I recommend this establishment	
Dec 19 2006 	Great Location	This was a great hotel for our family's 4-night stay in NYC. The location is great...easy access to all the attractions. The staff were very friendly and accomodating, from the front desk, to the concierge desk, to the housekeeping folks. The continental breakfast was perfect with a great selection and a welcome break from the expensive dining in and around Manhattan. The rooms are rather small for a family of 4, but they were just fine and besides we spent very little time there. The doors to the rooms are rather noisy when they close, but other than that the rooms are surprisingly quiet. This was our first trip to New York and when we return, we will definitely stay here again!	
Dec 8 2006 	Great!	Just returned from an overnight getaway with my husband and stayed at this hotel. Great experience. The rooms and bathrooms were immaculate and brand new. The location (close to Penn Station and all the &quot;action&quot;) and price were awesome. The only complaint was that the beds were a little hard and uncomfortable, and they did not have a relationship with the local parking garage, so you have to pay full price to park. Those were minor problems, though. We will stay here every time we come to New York!	
Dec 4 2006 	Great Hotel at an Immaculate Price		
Dec 1 2006 	Holiday Inn with New York chic		
Nov 29 2006 	Grat Hotel		
Nov 28 2006 	Service and Decor Excellent but a few Problems		
Nov 24 2006 	Perfectly acceptable NYC hotel		
Nov 23 2006	A Brilliant Location and Hotel		
Nov 21 2006 	Fantastic!		
Nov 13 2006 	Quiet and new with nice staff		
Nov 7 2006 	amazing....best around by far!		
Nov 3 2006	Brand New - Great Find		
Nov 20 2009 	Unkompliziertes und preiswertes Hotel		
Oct 30 2009 	Normal-Bien		
Oct 16 2009 	excelente servicio que presta el personal		
Oct 12 2009 	Hotel prático		
Oct 4 2009 	Hotel perfetto!		
Aug 11 2009 	Ottima posizione ottimo prezzo		
Jun 9 2009 	io ci tornerei...scoprite perchè...		
Apr 27 2009 	bien situé et convivial		
Feb 8 2009 	meilleur rapport qualité/prix !!!		
Dec 24 2008 	Ottimo hotel ad un ottimo prezzo		
Nov 29 2008 	Un prezzo straordinario per un bellissimo albergo		
Aug 29 2008 	Buena ubicación		
May 29 2008 	Gute Location sauberes Hotel nettes Personal mittlere Preisklasse!		
Apr 8 2007 	Hotel nuevo con buena situación		
Jan 5 2007	La Gran Manzana		
