Nov 23 2009 	Never Dissappointed at the Blakely!	The Blakely Hotel will always be my sentimental favorite as it was the first hotel I ever stayed at in NYC; back when it was still the Gorham. There are reasons we continue to return: consistent service, great location and helpful staff.I had booked 2 rooms for 4 people thru Quikbook and called several nights before to confirm the reservations and was told that I had booked a one-bed room for both parties. I insisted that this was not the case and that a two-bed room had been booked for the two “singletons” traveling together. The manager was very nice and assured me that he would do everything in his power to see that we got a two-bed room. When we checked in, we had been upgraded to a suite (score!). The other two members of our party were not as lucky and were given the smallest room I had ever seen at this hotel.(we checked in mid-to-late afternoon and they got the room you would expect if your flight was delayed and you didn’t get to the hotel until 2AM…) When they asked to be moved, they were relocated immediately to a larger room (with two beds…) The midtown location is great. Close enough to the theatre district to walk, but not so close that you’re in the middle of the throngs of people all the time.A complimentary continental breakfast at the adjoining restaurant has been added since my last stay and was basic toast, pastries, etc. but was enough for breakfast. The restaurant staff, however, were less that attentive…we almost had to mug one to get coffee one morning.I had stayed in a suite at the Blakely before and again was not disappointed…my ONLY complaint was that the bathroom is far far away from the sleeping area making for a long trek in the middle of the night. We were on only the 2nd floor, but street noise was never an issue and the blackout drapes assured we slept well. The room and bathroom were immaculately clean and all staff that I encountered were helpful and friendly. Getting upgraded to the suite was really a godsend when I got sick and stayed in the room way more that anyone usually would during a trip to New York City.I discovered the day after returning home that I had left my cell phone charger. When I called to inquire, the Housekeeping Director was gone for the day and actually called me back as I asked! My charger was returned promptly and in good order. Overall, you just can’t go wrong at the Blakely.	
Nov 9 2009 	The best hotel in New York I've stayed in	First, the location of this hotel is excellent for anyone who wants to really stay in the heart of Manhattan. Not only are you smack dab in the middle of the theater district, you are just a few blocks from the park and a 2 minute walk to the N, W subway. The hotel itself from the exterior isn't a large looming structure, it remains a building from a previous era, but it is a secret for anyone who comes to New York. Why stay in an overpriced mega hotel when you can have more comforts and convenience with the secret that is the Blakely. The staff here are great, the rooms are huge, clean and nicely appointed. Its amazingly quiet and very comfortable. Plus, you get a free breakfast (leave a tip!). The elevator takes a while, but thats it. Stay here! But keep it a secret!!!	
Nov 5 2009 	The hotel that never sleeps	If you don't want to sleep and go with NYC's motto, book this hotel. I stayed two nights and every night the garbage trucks would come at 2AM and then again at 3:30AM right in front of the hotel and pick up the garbage from either side of the street and make extremely loud noise between the truck backing up, hoisting the garbage and the yelling of the workers. I didn't sleep for more than 2 hours each night. When I complained, all they said was that the back side of the hotel is no better and they were not offering any discount for my inconvenience. I checked right out and will never be seen there again.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great Location Excellent Service Comforting Atmosphere	This hotel was recommended to me by a trusted friend. I was travelling with 9 friends and was concerned about their comfort. As it turned out, there was no need for concern: the hotel is centrally located, and we were able to walk to many areas in less than 10 minutes. Cabs are readily available, and the ride to most locations was quick, even in traffic. What is really nice is that even though the hotel is so close to many of the major cultural and tourist spots, it was still far enough away not to have to deal with the tackiness of some of the other areas.Check in was quick and efficient. The hotel had overbooked the regular rooms, so 2 of the people in my party were upgraded to a suite at no extra charge. The rooms were clean, pleasant and relatively quiet. Housekeeping did an excellent job each day making sure we had plenty of all the amenities we needed. The concierge went above and beyond in helping us with all of our questions/needs, and the young men serving as doormen could not have been more charming. The first night, we had dinner at the hotel restaurant, Abboccato. It wasn't bad, but we weren't particularly impressed. A lot of the pastas were rather bland. Complimentary continental breakfast was served each morning. Again, it wasn't bad, but the breads and fruit seemed a little stale, and the selection was limited. The woman who appears to run things in the mornings was pushy and annoying; however, the waiters were polite and efficient. The bar was very small, with not nearly enough seating, but still pleasant. The drinks are highly overpriced, but the bartender really knows his craft - delicious! Our last night there, we were attempting to print out boarding passes for our flights the next day. The hotel printer had run out of ink, and we asked if a replacement could be installed. Since the front desk was rather busy, they didn't want to make us wait and graciously allowed us to go into the back office and use their personal computers and printer. That, I believe, is going above and beyond.Check out was, like check in, fast and efficient. We left the Blakely very satisfied and determined to stay there again on return visits. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 22 2009 	An Island of Calm and Comfort	The Blakely Hotel proved an ideal location for a week of music and art in NYC—easy walks to Carnegie Hall and the Metropolitan Opera, and tolerable hikes--taxis when it rained hard--to the Metropolitan, Frick, and Guggenheim museums along 5th Avenue; the Museum of Modern Art was only three blocks away. Entering the hotel, one stepped out of Manhattan’s madding crowd into an atmosphere of calm and attentiveness to guest satisfaction. My suite was very nicely laid out, and the housekeepers made up the rooms early each morning so that I could work for an hour or two before going out. On one very stormy day, the reception staff rushed the Blakely’s sturdy blue umbrellas to the front door for guests’ use in the gale outside.A complementary continental breakfast was available each morning in the adjacent Abboccato restaurant. And while I dined out a number of times, I returned to Abboccato for lunch and dinner several times during my hotel stay. The soups and seafood salads were particularly good; the tagliatelle and veal scaloppine, excellent; and the broiled swordfish entrée, outstanding. The excellent list of wines was fairly short, but obviously selected by somebody with a knowing palate.There is an unusual intimacy and friendliness about this hotel and restaurant, and a strong desire to please. I recommend it highly to others.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great location and service	My stay at the Blakely was great!! My friend and I had requested a room with two beds, and when we arrived, we had been upgraded to a suite! Nice, large &quot;living room&quot; and big (by NYC standards) bedroom. Having a kitchenette is really a plus. All our requests were attended to quickly and all the staff were friendly and attentive. The location just can't be beat. Theater district, 5th Ave shopping, Central Park, are all within easy walking distance. The free breakfast is a nice touch as well. I highly recommend the Blakely Hotel.	
Oct 19 2009 	Wonderful Boutique Hotel	I stayed at the Blakely Hotel with my husband, parents and brother for my 30th birthday. The Service was fast and friendly. We called down to the front desk a couple of times for miscellaneous things and received them in minutes. The location is great, short walk to Carnegie Deli and Times Square.I love boutique hotels as compared to the large chain hotels. Our room had a separate living area, large bathroom (considering you're in NYC). The hotel itself is much smaller compared to other big hotels but the service and staff are wonderful. I don't have anything negative to say about the Blakely and have recommended it to several friends and family members.	
Oct 12 2009 	Tight Quarters but a lovely stay and great Italian dining	Recent stay at the Blakely was very pleasant. Service was excellent. The room was well appointed and very comfortable bed and quiet room. The room we were given was very small--smaller room than the W but bed and linens were great. Location was very central to Carnegie Hall and easy walking distance to Times Square and Broadway plays, restaurants as well as Central Park. The Blakely has fabulous bath items, soaps, bath oil, lotions, shampoo/cond., etc. It also has one of the best Italian restaurants for evening dining! They make their own pasta and the food was excellent. Elevators were extremely slow and tight quarters--no more than 4-5 people could fit.	
Oct 9 2009 	The Blakely does it all!	While visiting NYC last month with 5 girlfriends, we decided to stay at the Blakely as it offered suites that would comfortably accomodate the 6 of us in just two rooms. We were not disappointed. The rooms were very spacious, comfortable and well appointed. The bathroom was modern and had a large shower with spa toiletries. The staff was well informed, gracious and extremely accomodating no matter what we requested. We also appreciated the generous continental breakfast that was served in the adjoining restaurant each morning. Centrally located, the Blakely served us well for sightseeing, shows and restaurants. I will definitely return on my next visit to NYC!	
Sep 30 2009 	Great Service	We were happy to return after our first stay 2 years ago - but asked for a quieter room, higher up at the front. In the event we more than got it! To cut a long story short, the hotel had forgotten to book a car to meet us at the airport and we took a taxi instead. Francisco, the concierge rang us as we were on the journey in, with a profuse and obviously genuine apology, promising to make it up to us. They certainly did: we were upgraded to a 12th floor suite at the front for our six nights - just what we would have asked for, but we did not have to. Good to find true customer service and not just the all too frequent grudging regret.The decor is a bit dark but the rooms large for NYC and the kitchenettes a boon - we didn't want to eat out all the time. The location is key for us - very near Central Park, MOMA, 5th Av shops etc - yet well away from that hideous &quot;attraction&quot; they call Times Square.The concierge(s) were very helpful with directions and booking hard to get theatre tickets, but (as they explain) the hotel does impose a 15% service charge for this.	
Sep 29 2009 	Not exactly a 'suite' but perfect location	Was expecting something a bit bigger when we booked a 'suite'. We were a group of 4 friends (1 Australian, 1 English, 2 Americans) staying for a little over a week for going to Broadway and some general sightseeing around the big apple. Couldn't fault the location...so close (within walking distance) to Central Park, 5th avenue, Times Square and a short cab ride to the theatre...and easy to catch the train to the Village etc. Surprisingly quiet for a midtown hotel...spotted some of the other hotels right in Times Square and knew we were in a better place! They were crazy! Breakfast was okay. (complimentary but $2 tip per person requested) Nothing special, good bagels and cereals. Staff not very helpful with tea and coffee on some days. They just looked disinterested. But it was a good way to start the morning with pastries and some toast. We ate there some days and other mornings went out for brunch elsewhere on 6th avenue. Housekeeping staff did a great job most days. Always plenty of clean towels...useful as we were 4 girls sharing a room (2 of us had a double bed each, 1 on the sofa and 1 on the gigantic armchair!) So we were squished in but it made it quite reasonably priced for us all to stay for over a week. Front desk staff were quite abrupt at times, even when they weren't busy at all. Overall, a convenient place to stay for all those wanting midtown location without the noise and business of some of the other bigger hotels. The free wi-fi internet is also great, plus the free laptop in the lobby for all guests to use, with a printer! Nice comfy leather sofa in the lobby too!	
Sep 22 2009 	I loved this hotel	I would tell anyone to stay here. It is so nice and so quite for a New York hotel. The staff is great. The food is great. We loved our stay here. This type of hotel should be the standard not the exception.	
Sep 13 2009 	Maybe Next Time	Trip Advisor has never steered me wrong, but the room we stayed in definitely wasn’t the same one that I read rave reviews about. The consensus of our entire group was that this hotel deserved a rating of 3 of 5 stars. We were a little disappointed, but to give the Blakely the benefit of the doubt, I believe we were put into an older room that hadn’t yet been fully renovated. We also didn’t ask for a room change because it was very late in the evening, so in all fairness to the hotel we didn’t give them a chance for a do-over. Besides that, the place did have some good perks. You will not find a more spacious hotel room in all of New York City for the price they charge. You get a kitchenette, separate sitting room and very large bathroom. It’s like having your own apartment. Also included is free breakfast for every person in your room at the Hotel’s restaurant “Abboccato”. Bagels, muffins, yogurt, fruit, juices, coffee and tea are included, but eggs, waffles, and such are an extra cost. A tip of $2 per person is suggested which we weren’t bothered by. However the $1 per cup of coffee in the hotel room just seemed really petty in my opinion. Adding insult to injury, the coffee is horrid as others have mentioned. You’ll find the same or similar bad coffee at the restaurant. This hotel is near everything, but there’s plenty of hotels in a great location in New York City. What the Blakely has that the others don’t are the huge rooms. Perfect for a small group of friends or families with children. The sitting room is separate from the bedroom, so if you have early risers or night owls in your group, there’s a retreat away from the sleepers. Right up the street is Carnegie’s famous Deli. It’s open until 4am for any late-comers. The sandwiches are colossal, but you have a fridge in your room to store any leftovers. There’s also two diners at the corner with a direct view of Times Square looking down 7th Avenue....far enough away from the madness but close enough to feel the energy and excitement. It was nice having these places so close to the hotel after a late nite show when many restaurants are getting ready to close. The bell hops and front desk staff are friendly, so you’ll be greeted warmly each time you enter the Blakely. The lobby is small and cozy and can get quite crowded at peak times. And now the bad news. The bed covers were in such bad shape, they literally looked and felt like they haven’t been changed in 20 years. The day bed in the sitting room looked old and/or dirty, perhaps from people sleeping on it. At least you can change the sheets on the beds-- not so with a day bed. The mattresses weren’t great either and definitely seemed more narrow than a traditional double size bed. Two adults may be a bit cramped. The 1980 shower massage would not stay in place so water would spray all over the place and the DVD player didn’t work. The whirlpool bath looked old. I wouldn’t say it was dirty, but it had seen its better days and no one wanted to use it. We had a low-level view of the street and as several people mentioned in their reviews, it’s very noisy, especially the trash trucks. I’m not sure this hotel has any views of a landmark unless you’re on the very top floors. There is dark green suede wallpaper by the elevators which invites a lot of handwriting for all to see. It’s pretty dark in the hallways and a little depressing looking. Our trip to New York itself was great and everyone always says you don’t spend much time in the hotel anyways, which is true, but even an economically priced hotel in New York is still very expensive and you should get what you pay for. I didn’t feel like we got our money’s worth with our particular room. Again, this could be due to our late evening check in and perhaps most rooms were already occupied.None of the things we experienced seem to be the norm according to Trip Advisor and the Blakely’s website which touts luxurious duvet and Egyptian cotton linens and marble rain showers. I would probably have a much different opinion of this hotel if we had been in another room. Maybe next time.	
Aug 23 2009 	Small friendly and the best beds and pillows away from home	I really was not sure about booking this hotel with thousands to choose from, but I'm glad I did. I didn't like the room on offer when we arrived, but it was changed with no problems - just a short wait for another room to become available. The hotel is central to everything. The conscierge service was excellent, and nearly always new the answer to questions. If they didn't know they would find out. Ask for a higher room at the front of the hotel. Very quiet with a view of buildings around. We enjoyed our stay and after long days doing the sights, shops and theatre it was lovely just to unwind back at the hotel and sink into the lovely beds.	
Aug 19 2009 	Wedding 08	It's been a year since we got married in NYC and stayed at the Blakely, and having already written a glowing review on this hotel, I was in no rush to write another. But, having celebrated our anniversary it seems I have waited too long!The staff were great and the guys on the door ensured I got a great car and driver to take me and my bridesmaids from the Blakely to the outskirts of Central Park to pick up my horse and carriage on time.Our reception meal was at the neighbouring restaurant the Abbocatto and, considering I had planned the wedding by myself from over in the UK, Senta Connolly who dealt with this side of things made my life especially easy. Lunch for 17 of us at a great Italian with great food and service - it was the perfect wedding celebration. So once again, thank you to all those at the Blakely, whose rooms are still the cosiest in NYC (especially if you go in Winter!) and now having had both a room and a suite, we'd happily stay in either again. Fabulous location. Just the right level of 'can I help'/'we'll leave you in peace'.Perfect.	
Aug 15 2009 	True to their name a classy place	When I saw the reviews for &quot;The Blakely&quot; on Tripadvisor, I knew we had to stay there for the Blakely family trip to New York City. The facilities were far nicer than I expected for a fairly reasonably priced New York City hotel. I would go so far as to say the room was absolutely plush. With two Queen-sized beds (very hard to find) and a separate room with a comfortable daybed, it was perfect for my family of five. The room was done in an understated, but elegant British Colonial decor. The bathroom walls and shower were covered in a beautiful, dark marble. There was a microwave, a small refrigerator, and a bar sink in the room. With five people, we had a lot of luggage, and not once did the room feel cramped, with plenty of closet and drawer space along with the spacious room. The staff was very accomodating, efficient and pleasant, although not overly friendly. The bellman welcomed us when we showed up with enough luggage for a safari, but nobody else ever said hello when we entered the hotel for the rest of our stay, although the doorman did hold the door for us a time or two. The concierge was very prompt and friendly about getting us dinner reservations a the last minute. My criticisms of the Blakely are fairly trivial, but I think noteworthy: There are only two, very tiny elevators for the entire hotel. Only about four adults can fit in either one, and if you do cram in five people, you will want to be sure you don't mind being very &quot;up close and personal&quot; with those people. Because of this, it can take upwards of five minutes to get on the elevator. (tip: if you want to go down, push the up and the down button, so the elevator zooming past you to a higher floor stops for you on the way. That way you may have to ride it up before you go down, but at least you secure your spot!)When we first arrived in our room, I noticed the wall paper had peeled away from the wall right above the air conditioning unit. The wall was covered with black mold, which was a little alarming. After placing a call to the front desk, they send up a maintenance man, and he cleaned the wall and re-adhered the paper immediately. After that, I noticed the lobby of the hotel smelled of mildew. Not terribly unpleasant, but reminiscent of an old lake-cottage. The room itself did not have any odor to it.The television was the spot of contention for my family. There were nice, large, flat screen t.v.s in both rooms, and they worked great. However, the digital signal the hotel was broadcasting was not so great. We rented a couple of movies and they would repeatedly pause for a long time (like 15 seconds to 2 minutes at a time), which was very irritating. When broadcasting regular television, the sound track often got pretty far off of the picture signal, so it was like watching a badly dubbed foreign film.Breakfast in the morning is free, although they blatantly ask you to tip $2 per person, and it's not even up to the standards of a decent Holiday Inn Express, with offerings like yogurt, fruit, and bagels. It's still a lot cheaper than venturing out to eat breakfast anywhere around the hotel, which averaged $100, not including tip, for the five of us wherever we went, so $2 per person for &quot;fuel&quot; seemed reasonable.Overall, the Blakely was a clean, comfortable, spacious, elegant hotel. The beds and pillows were comfortable and the floors were clean enough to walk around on without getting your socks dirty. Those are the two major criteria by which I judge any hotel, and the Blakely passed with flying colors.	
Aug 3 2009 	Fantastic location and very comfortable accommodation for a family	We stayed for 6 nights-family of 4.Great hotel-close to Times Square and Central Park. All staff very friendly and helpful-even met us when we arrived with an umbrella as it was raining! Had a lovely meal in hotel restaurant ( a treat as quite expensive but food very nice). Breakfast buffet great but I agree that the waiters were very rushed and looked hassled!Overall, very comfortable room with plenty of space (we had the standard room with 2 double beds and a kitchenette,TV etc.) room cleaned and towels replaced every day and provided free newspapers daily.I would recommend the transport organised by the hotel to the airport as even though it was a little more expensive than a taxi it was a much more comfortable journey in an air conditioned car and i nice end to our stay. Overall,excellent value and very friendly hotel.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great Location great for our family	We liked our room, the linens, the location, the staff at the desk. We liked having the sitting area with another TV. Everything was wonderful with the exception of two things. The first one, very minor, was that our shower did not drain properly. It appeared that with the bathroom reno, someone got crazy with the grout, which clogged the drain a bit. The second issue was breakfast. Yes, it was free (with a recommended tip) but the service was chaotic, lacking and sometimes a bit rude. Food and coffee kept running out and it took forever to replenish it. The dining room manager was very exasperated, and showed his frustration in front of customers. The food itself was tasty, but the same everyday. After a couple of days of this, we went to Fluffy's around the corner. But overall, we enjoyed it, our room was great and very comfy. The front desk was very helpful. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 11 2009 	Family Value	Attended a wedding dinner with several relatives. The suites are perfect for 3 +, clean and nice bed linens; bathrooms a bit tired. All in all great value and location.	
Jul 9 2009 	A Great Hotel-will be back	I have just returned from my visit to New York and Washington. I spent 7 nights June 26th to July 3rd at The Blakely with my husband and teenage daughter(17) and teenage son(14). I booked this hotel following a recommendation on the NewYork city forum from Nywhiz having asked for advice. I am so glad we stayed here. It is in an ideal location within walking distance to 5th Avenue, MOMA, Times Square etc. The suite was spacious, and extremely comfortable. The staff were all courteous and very helpful and cheerful. Thought Alicia (front desk) could have been nicer a little bit too off hand compared to the males on the reception.The complimentary continental breakfast was fine nothing too exciting but ample. If you are a tea drinker ask them to boil the water they unfortunately seldom got it right. Most people drink coffee we however were not coffee drinkers -a minor problem!I would highly recommend The Blakely and I would certainly return. We had a very very enjoyable stay here.	
Jul 3 2009 	Nice!	We stayed at the Blakely recently and we found it to be very accommodating! They upgraded us to a suite because it was our first time staying there, which was nice because it gave us extra room. They have a computer and a printer available for free use, which also came in handy when we wanted to print our boarding passes. The location is great because it's near everything but it's not on an overly busy street! The hotel itself was very cute, small, and pretty! :-)	
Jul 1 2009 	Wedding in NY	We travelled to New York to get married, we stayed at The Blakely, what a great hotel. There was a group of us of all different ages staying at the hotel in different rooms. We stayed in a suite which was great as we've got a 19 month old baby. As you walked into the room you walked into the lounge and to the right was a kitchenette and the bathroom and to the left was the bedroom with 2 double beds, plenty of space. It was lovely having the lounge as when we put our baby to bed you didn't disturb her because we could go into the lounge. The breakfast that the hotel provided was a great start to the day, a $2 per person tip they charge for this. The hotel staff were all really helpful and ever so nice. The loaction of the hotel is really good to explore the wonderful city. Our stay couldn't have been any better and would definately stay there again.	
Jun 16 2009 	Loved the Blakely	This was our second stay at the hotel. We came back after a very positive experience last summer. We are a family of four with school aged children. The one bedroom suite is perfect for the four of us. The staff are always warm and welcoming. The location can't be beat for theater, shopping and subway access.	
Jun 9 2009 	Small but with lots of Charm	We spent 3 nights in town for a wedding. Wedding party stayed at Sheraton and I am a Starwood holder but read comments and was not impressed so opted to stay here with our teenage girls. Was pleased with choice and had a very comfortable stay. Lovely, clean rooms. Great location. I do agree with last reviewer in that my gripe was that hotel should not leave tip sheet for cont. breakfast - it was optional, but that's tacky for self serve. Also they should take away the $1 charge for coffee/tea service in the room - again tacky. That only seems to cheapen what otherwise is a very classy appearance. I would recommend using their black car service to and from airport. At the very least back to the airport. Very professional and reliable and just a fraction more above taxi for comfortable and relaxing drive. Adolfo Camache and you can reach them at [--]. Great service you can trust!My girls enjoyed usage of the gym in the hotel. I'd come back here again. Overall I was very pleased.	
Jun 1 2009 	perfect	the staff was great, the location was perfect for Midtown. The restaurant was to pricey for us but because the location was so great we had a million other food choices. We were upgraded at no charge and the staff was helpful in every turn of the stay. Highly recommend this hotel	
May 31 2009 	We liked our stay at the Blakley.	THe Blakley was nice. Good midtown location. Room was adequate size. not big..but that is NY. Great location to take a walk in Central Park each morning. Breakfast that came with the room was good. Great location to walk all over. Room was clean. Bathroom was nice but small...but once again that is NY. They have a small gym that is open 24 hours a day and that was nice. The restaurant that is attached to the hotel is quite good. Expensive but worth it.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed here for five nights in May. Very clean, staff very friendly and fantastic location. It rained all the time we were in NYC and the hotel provided complementary umbrellas- perfect. The bathroom's quite compact but lovely with great lights and lots of mirrors. The kitchenette was really handy too. My only gripe was the guy at breakfast- a $2 tip per person was suggested- for what? It was self service! A great hotel in a great location.	
May 28 2009 	Updating an earlier review	In a review of the Blakely written a year or two ago, I gave it high marks in every area except one: the in-room coffeemaker, one that was so bad that I have since seen the same model in a cheap motel I won't even admit to having stayed in. I had a choice: stay there, or sleep in my car. Should have chosen the car....but I digress. Back to the Blakely and their embarrassing coffeemaker.On this year's trip, I was delighted to find that they had replaced the tacky hot water dispenser with Keurig pod coffeemakers. Yes, they charge $1 for the pods. At 7 AM, I wouldn't care if they demanded I pay with my first-born. My only criticism of the Blakely is now moot. Forget I ever said it. My sister noted that the towels seemed smaller than in past years, so if you want fair and impartial...there you are. Good coffee. Average size towels.As usual, arriving at the Blakely was like coming home. Spacious, clean accommodations, comfortable beds, polite, helpful staff (wait....did I really say &quot;like home?&quot;), great location.....The annual NYC visit wouldn't be the same if we stayed anywhere else. But feel free to choose another hotel if you want jumbo towels. Those of us who return year after year would like to keep this one to ourselves and we're willing to complain about towels if that what it takes.On a more serious note...if you are traveling with someone who needs a wheelchair, the Blakely would not be your best choice. There are several steps between the street and the lobby, and the elevators are very small, although I prefer to think of them as &quot;quaint&quot;. The steps and the elevators, combined, are barriers too difficult to navigate with a wheelchair.	
May 25 2009 	I almost hate for other people to "discover" it!	My husband had to go to a conference in NYC and my daughters and I had never been so we joined him. His conference hotel couldn't sleep 4 so he found the Blakely online. They matched the conference hotel price for a small suite with 2 queens and a day bed. The rooms were lovely. The bathroom was huge. The staff was exceptionally helpful to the girls and I. The location could not have been better -- easy walk to 5th, Central Park, and Times Square. The breakfast was nice. They helped me make plates for cranky and over tired kids to bring up to the room while my husband and I had a leisurely breakfast every morning. There was a grocery store with a great deli less than a block away too.	
May 21 2009 	Sophisticated and Friendly	This is a great hotel. I feel like I have found a gem. The hotel staff was very friendly and always willing to help. The double bed room that I had was spacious--especially for New York hotels. The linens were clean and looked new. The bathroom was spotless. Free continental breakfast in the hotel's restaurant was an added bonus--I did not realize the hotel offered this when I booked. Also free Wi-Fi.	
May 21 2009 	Simply The Best	We had a longer stay in New York this year (10 days) 9th to 19th May. as we are older now and did not want to 'dash about'. First time at the Berkley though and we were so pleased we decided on this hotel this time.. Large rooms immaculately clean. The very large bed and cotton sheets made comfortable nights after a sightseeing day. An added bonus is the room had facilities of fridge/freezer, microwave and china dishes etc. The complimentary breakfast ample to start the day with. Use of free internet.We were on floor fifteen and although the front of the hotel we never heard any traffic noise at all.As has been said before it is also so close to all the 'main attractions'.So if anyone wants to decide on somewhere to stay and is reading this, I would say, 'Don't hesitate, you will not be disappointed'	
May 19 2009 	Phenominal	We just returned from a 2nts stay at The Blakely New York and I can tell you first hand (I'm a trvl agt) that the location, service, rooms were second to none! We had a fabulous time and I w/always recommend to family,friends and clients to stay @ The Blakely New York.	
May 18 2009	I will be back	Just got back from a 4 night trip to NYC with my 22 year old son (May 13 to May 17, 2009)-- We had a suite with 2 beds -- I cannot imagine staying anywhere else when I am in NYC -- This was a perfect setting to be travelling with young adult because the living area and sleeping area are separated and each room has TV -- fridge and microwave in room -- Can't wait to go back on girlfriend trip here -- You can easily sleep 3 in the suite with each having their own bed (sleeper sofa in living area) -- I almost hate to tell how much I loved this place -- Hate to let the secret out -- We were such short walking distance to Central Park, Time Warner Bldg, Broadway, Carnegie Hall close by, Rockefeller Center short distance away -- subway close by -- I can go on and on -- I will end it with if I want a place to stay in midtown The Blakely it is --	
May 16 2009 	A perfect hotel	The Blakely hotel is a small boutique hotel located about 2 blocks from Carnegie Hall and about 4 short blocks from Central Park. It is also within a short walking distance ot Times Square. The lobby is small but beautifully furnished with European style sofas, paintings, and a restaurant with a separate entrance. I got a reasonable AAA rate of $230 per night. The room is large with the most comfortable bed, I have ever slept on. The room was absolutely immaculate. The bathroom is large, and had a shower, and a soaking tub. The water pressure is excellent. The staff was very attentive. I look forward to future stays at the Blakely.	
May 9 2009 	Great Location Wonderful Staff	Myself and friend stayed at this hotel recently - I picked this hotel because of it's close proximity to a hospital where my brother was having an operation.The large room I had was beautiful and the staff were friendly, helpful and nothing was too much trouble - really must praise the staff, even when I was taken ill, they went out of their way to make sure I was well taken care of.Location in Manhattan was perfect for many of the tourist attractions - within walking distance of many. Great for Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Center etc etcHighly, highly recommended.	
May 8 2009	The Blakely saved our stay in NYC	This hotel must be the best for the price in mid-town NY.We had a suite, not huge but very well appointed. Bedroom was good size with comfortable bed and well isolated windows. It's still NYC and you can't expect not to hear any sirens during your beauty sleep.I have seen some comments made about this place being dark, but it didn't disturb us a bit. Everything is very consistent - bathroom marble and bath with modest whirlpool , high quality bed, good bathrobes, nice clean carpet, well chosen curtains, good wardrobe space etc... And it was all very clean. The lobby is honest and almost unnoticeable which I personally prefer to places that waste all the space and quality in their flashy lobby and send you upstairs to a disappointment.Reception staff was always efficient and polite.The Blakely saved our four-night stay in NYC, we booked and checked in on the same day after an appalling hotel experience somewhere else.We will certainly return!	
Apr 20 2009 	Great sized rooms and vfm	We arrived in the morning and as with most hotels in NY, our room was not ready. The reception however told us about one room which was ready and asked us to look at it and was honest to tell us that it had no view. WE opted to wait and were upgraded to a very spacious one bedroom suite which was like a home with lot of cupboard space, a nice sitting area and comfortable king size bed. The bathroom was disappointingly small comapred to the rest of the room. There was a small kitchenette and fridge as well. The service was average. The breakfast was not very good . I would however recommend this hotel for a very comfortable stay and great sized rooms( even the regular rooms are large). SAve the breakfast and food and an average service, the hotel is great for a stay.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great location great price!	We really enjoyed the Blakely -- it is in a great location at 6th and 55th, perfect for exploring NYC. We were traveling with our 8 month old, and it was a great place to stay with a baby -- they provided a crib and the room had a kitchenette which came in handy. The room was spacious and comfortable. A very good overall stay!	
Apr 9 2009 	Kidnapped to New York!	My friend and I kidnapped our wives and took them for a long weekend to New York City from Pheonix, AZ. I had made arragements to stay at the Wellington Hotel. Upon arrival, we were told that a large group had unexpectantly extended their stay and we were being moved to a sister property. I was not happy, as I was sure this would be a downgrade. I could not have been more wrong!The Blakely is located about a half a block away from the Wellington. We walked down and went to the small check in desk in the very nice lobby. We gave the clerk the letters of introduction from the Wellington. That was when he told us that all transfers from the Wellington were being upgrade to suites!All I can say is wow. We were place in a double queen bed suite on the 4th floor. The suite had a small bathroom with shower/tub and full sink done in marble tile. Very nice. The sitting room had two chairs and a sleeper sofa with a flat screen TV. A small side area had the coffee pot and a fully stocked mini fridge. The spacious bedroom had 2 queen beds and another flat screen tv. The view was of a parking lot behind the hotel, but we never looked out the window that much anyway.The cleaning staff was courtious and efficient. The room was always cleaned and the bathroom expendables were always replaced.The free breakfast was good and filling. We never had a problem with seating and the staff was very good.The front desk staff and the doormen were very knowlegable and friendly. They recommended a small Italian place (Nocello) that was very, very good.The location is close to transporation (subway and bus) and easy walking distance from Times Square and Central Park.We had a great time and would highly recommend this place to others.	
Mar 28 2009 	The Blakely made my 1st trip to Manhattan just what I hoped for	My sister, my niece grand niece and I planned a special trip to NYC just for us &quot;girls&quot; right after Thanksgiving (Post Parade etc) but still in that famous shopping weekend I've always heard about. We chose the Blakely because my niece's boss takes her family to the Blakely year after year. That seemed like the testimonial we were looking for.We weren't disappointed. We drove in from Massachusetts and parked in the parking garage next door- not owned by the Blakely but very convenient and secure. We planned to walk to walk the whole time in NYC because the &quot;B&quot; has an amazing location - right in the middle of Mid-town. From the moment we walked through the door we felt like we were &quot;coming home'. The doorman was very helpful and the desk staff were congenial yet professional. The Blakely is a small hotel but very cozy - reminds me of some of those great micro hotels in Georgetown (D.C). Front lobby is very nicely appointed. We had a great suite on the second floor. This meant we could take the stairs which felt more homey than the taking the lift. Our suite had two very comfortable double beds (lovely lovely bed linens) plus television etc,. There was also a sitting room (with a door that separated it from the larger bedroom and had its own tv and its own closet). This was nice because if someone wanted to catch a nap the rest of us could visit make a snack, watch TV with out disturbing. The sitting room had a great sofa that when you pulled cushions off turned into a excellent single bed.with lots of pillows and good back support. Linens were soft and cosy and the decor had an elegant Euro feel. Included in the suite was a coffee/tea maker with complimentary coffee and tea supplied, microwave, refrigerator, sink and cutlery and crockery to prepare snacks and food. With all that walking and my little niece traveling with us this was grand. (We were able to pick up wine, and goodies for munching from a neighbourhood bodega and a wine shop a few blocks away). The bath was roomy and beautiful and the whirlpool tub was a welcomed surprise that provided a luxurious soak after sightseeing and walking and shopping and walking and walking .... Plenty of good towels! There were really nice toiletries and wide showhead that had enough pressure to wash the shampoo out of your hair but was gentle like warm rain. That was a real nice touch - I want one of those!. The window of our room looked out into a sort of blind alcove. It might have been nice to be higher up for some possible view but I figured we didn't come to NYC to sit in a hotel room and look out the window. ... Maybe not facing the street &quot;in a town that never sleeps&quot; is a actually good thing! This may have also contributed to the peace and quiet we enjoyed even though we were across from the lift. The breakfast was in the adjoining restaurant: Restaurante Abboccatto. Well, I had the most amazing creamy decadent hot chocolat that was poured frothy from a pitcher . I could have sat there and let that waiter just keep filling my cup. It was particularly welcomed on that cold November morning! The cereals, eggs, yougurt, baked goods and juices - along with my wonderful hot chocolat - were fresh and of very good quality. The service was attentive. After we were filled to an elegent sufficency we headed out to a performance at Radio City and realized that it was quite actively raining. No worries! The Blakely's doorman simply handed us sturdy sky blue umbrellas as he held the door and pointed us in the right direction. This gesture made such an impact on me. I heard that people in New York were rather gruff but the Blakely showed us Mahattan knows how to treat people so kindly. Well I have to tell you about the morning we left. We were going to Mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral (within easy walking distance) and check out a few more shops and sites before having to head home. We realized that to check out the shops and get to the Mass we wanted to go to we would be getting back to the &quot;B&quot; after the posted check out time. No worries! The desk staff told us not fret - if we needed some extra time then just come back, take a rest freshen up and then come down when ready. Again - coming and going they did everything to make us feel special. I have to say that when I passed by some very large and rather famous named hotels with all those taxis and hussle and bussle I felt like I knew a secret about a great little place. Opps, now I've told the world wide web. Like my niece's boss - I now feel like the Blakely is &quot;our hotel&quot; in Manhattan. Thank you Blakely Staff for making my first Manhattan trip so pleasant. New Yorkers were great and so is the Blakely.	
Mar 22 2009 	Loved the Blakely	We stayed at the Blakely for 3 nights during our spring break trip. Booked Blakely based on reviews on Trip Advisor and glad we did. The location of the hotel is excellent for hitting the hot spots of New York....so much to see in walking distance. The restaurant attached to hotel was delicious. The staff was very accomodating and friendly. Smaller hotel but great personality and service.	
Mar 11 2009 	For the price 	We recently stayed at the Hotel Blakely from March 6th to 8th, this was our 3rd time at this same hotel. Over the years my family and myself have stayed at a myriad of 3 to five star hotels, when we travel with a teenager, we prefer to stay in either one or two bedroom suites for reasons of sanity. Let me start the review by saying the decor, English Manor is not our taste, with that being said the rooms were very nicely appointed, the beds and the linens are among the most comfortable of any hotel we haved stayed, in New York or elsewhere in the world. Our teenage daughter stayed on the day bed in the living room and found it more comfortable than regular beds in some of the upscale hotels we have stayed. Our rating is based soley on similiar priced hotels in the same area of Manhattan. The rooms are not huge and their are areas that could use a little sprucing up. Please note the elevators are slow.The staff at the hotel was always helpfull and courteous and tryed to the best of their abilities. The continental breakfast the hotel offers is limited, toast/bagels/muffinscereal/fuit/juices and coffee. The location is excellent close to everything, but not in the middle of the insanity that is prevalent closer to time square.	
Mar 5 2009 	Blakely - Good Location	“Blakely - Good Location”The Blakely New York A TripAdvisor Member Stayed for 6 nights in mid February, however, asked for a change of room after the first night as street noise on 55th Street was very loud during the night. On checking website noticed that the suite price had been reduced to below the price we were paying for the double room. After some negotiating with Front desk moved to suite on same floor. room clean; beds comfortable and the suite was good valuable; very good location and within walking distance of major shopping and theatres and cenrtal park. The complimentary breakfast was poor by most standards, however, they will do a cooked breakfast at reasonable cost. The staff overall were obliging, however the two male waiters in the breakfast room were poor and in fact we did not use the breakfast room after the first 2 mornings. For evening walk to the local restaurant area on 8th and 9th Avenues between 55th and 49th street for very good food where the locals go. Stay away from the tourist traps around Time Sq. Would stay at the hotel again but watch the pricing. Went to a couple of show on Brodway but after going to London shows the following week thought the standard in London was better and better valueThis review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. This TripAdvisor Member's SummaryDate of Stay: February 2009Visit was for: LeisureTraveling group: With Spouse/PartnerMy ratings for this hotel are:  Value Rooms Location Cleanliness ServiceWould you recommend this hotel to a friend?Yes	
Feb 22 2009 	Too loud to sleep	The hotel seemed fine until the heat came on. The radiator sounded like a car engine. It stopped and started every fifteen minutes, all night, despite my having turned the heat down to the minimum setting. A colleague was staying at the same hotel on a different floor - same experience.Additionally, elevators were extremely slow despite the hotel appearing to be well below capacity.	
Feb 18 2009 	You won't be sorry!!!!	FANTASTIC in every way, spotless, beautiful, roomy, nicely equipped and the staff was very accomodating.My husband and I spent Valentine's night 2009 here and we could not have picked a better place. We stayed at the hotel when it was the Gorham and we really enjoyed our trip. We could not wait to see it renovated. We were not disappointed. We were upgraded to a suite which was spacious, beautiful and immaculate. Tray ceilings, crown molding, etc. We enjoyed the mini Keurig coffee machine at only $ 1.00 for the coffee pods. The continental breakfast was okay, nothing great but it was enough to start our day. You would not be sorry if you picked this hotel. It gave us the feeling of being in a European hotel accept the room and bath was much bigger. We can't wait to go back, and there is no other hotel we would prefer to try.	
Jan 11 2009 	Very good stay with helpful staff.	We stayed over the new year period. We booked a suite with two queen beds but after we were shown our room we didn't like the outlook, directly overlooking a brick wall and two air conditioning units. My husband asked if we could have a different room and they were charming and offered us a high floor room at the front overlooking a beautiful building and the street with a large window so the room was nice and light. The suite was very nice and spacious with a good bathroom. The lifts were small but we never had to wait long at all. The free breakfast in the adjoining restaurant was limited but nice. The location of the hotel was very good. The staff were all very helpful. Altogether a good stay.	
Dec 18 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	After over a month of looking at hotels online I picked the Blakely. I had spent ages looking at reviews and locations and in the end had narrowed it down to 2 hotels. After posting on NYC board someone suggected The Blakely instead. I am glad they did !. We stayed in a King Bed suite and it was perfect for us. A very nice bedroom with a king bed, dresser and a desk. The bedroom also had a comfty chair and LCD TV. My parents slept in bedrrom and said the bed was great. I slept on the daybed in the livingroom and it was good. Much better than those sofabed things that kill my back. Our bathroom was a decent size and had a great tub shower combo with very good water pressure. Room was clean and furniture looked new. Nice wood floors wih a arear rug. Very quite with no street sounds on 14th floor. It did get very warm until we lowered the temp. controls. Good free cont. breakfast downstairs every morning. I tried my first bagel !! But the very best thing about The Blakely is the people who work there. Tommy and Edward were the 2 guys we saw the most. Its seems one of them is always on duty They are the greatest !! Anything you need they will help you get. Need ice, no problem. Where to go for great breakfast, no problem, need maps ect What I am trying to say is these guys make the hotel. . We had a problem with the car hire service that picked us up at airport and mentioned it to Tommy when we arrived. All we wanted was &quot;oh how awful&quot; and we got that but they didn't let it go at that. They passed it on to management and the manager called the car hire co. In the end they got part of our money back . Also arranged our return trip to airport with much nicer driver that was personal known to Edward. I know I have rambled on but I have never been treated so good . You will feel very special if you stay at the Blakely. I will be happy to tell anyone who wants more info.	
Dec 1 2008 	Close to Everything!	We booked four nights at The Blakely based on reviews and we were not disappointed. Close to MOMA, Carnegie Hall, and some fabulous restaurants, e.g., Trattoria Del'Arte (our fave and recommended by hotel). The service was above and beyond and comparable to very, very expensive hotels. The room was very nice and we requested a room higher up based on one review and got it. Best part: We had to check out one day and when we came back the next they upgraded us. How nice is that! The restaurant was fine for breakfast, but with all the great restaurants in NYC, I would not dine there. We met a couple in the wee elevator who had been coming to the hotel for 50 years...now that's loyalty...we will return next year, it's our favorite hotel in New York.	
Nov 30 2008 	Perfectly formed in a perfect location	We booked The Blakely after spending many hours here on TripAdvisor, way back in December 2007. Our decision was based upon reviews, price and location to Central Park, as this was the finish of the New York Marathon, which I ran.The hotel is located on West 55th Street in Manhattan, in between 6th &amp; 7th Avenues. By New York terms, the hotel is small, having only 16 floors, but this is a good thing, as we believe that the staff are then able to offer you a more personal service.The hotel throughout has an old world feel, with dark wood playing a large feature in its style. We were quickly checked in and our bags bought to our room within 10 minutes of arriving. We'd booked a twin Queen size room, and were upgraded to a twin Queen suite, whcih was excellent. A large bedroom with wardrobe, plenty of lighting, alarm clock, telephone, TV &amp; DVD player. The lounge area consisted of a sofa, table and a second TV &amp; DVD. Really useful was the kitchen area, which was fitted with a small sink, fridge, microwave &amp; coffee machine. The large bathroom with bath, shower, single sink and all the mirrors you could need. - A very comfortable room - no complaints at all. Free Wi-Fi is available in the room, but if you don't have a laptop, you could use the hotel's computer located in reception - again for free.The hotels restaurant is also where you have your breakfast, which was again a bargain - being free (continental). This consisted of fruit juices, fruit, toast, cerals, bagels, jam - everything that you need to set you up. For a small additional cost, you could have bacon, eggs etc, but we decided to sample the best of New York deli's for that.All in all, an excellent stay - a perfectly located hotel, 10 minutes from Time Sqaure, and 10-15 minutes from Central Park. We received excellent service throughout our stay and would heartly recommend for any one wanting to stay in NYC.	
Nov 8 2008 	Favorite Hotel in NYC	I recently stayed at The Blakely on a business trip to New York and had a great experience. My room was much biggerr than I expected with wood floors and a warm decor with lots of character. Great view from my 7th floor window. Rain shower in the bathroom. Great complimentary breakfast. Perfect location and attentive service. The only downside was the tiny elevator.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great service	We arrived at the Blakely at 8.30am shattered from an overnight flight. Marcela on reception immediately offered us the use of a room that was available straight away or the option of waiting for the room we had booked to become available. The room was compact by US standards but had everything we needed including microwave, medium sized fridge with icebox, flat screen TV and DVD, Wi Fi, plus full sixed bath (room 1406). Complimentary continental breakfast was simple but adequate..cereal, fruit, toast etc. Lap top linked to printer in reception for boarding passes etc.Hotel is right in the heart of things...Central Park a couple of blocks away, Williams supermarket around the corner (great for microwave meals to keep the budget under control), Broadway just up the street.When we left, we were even allowed to extend the room until 2pm....all done with a smile.....blimey, real old fashioned service. Great hotel.	
Oct 7 2008 	great place to stay	The best place to stay in new york city. It is like being in your own home. Location , Location Location	
Oct 6 2008 	A Perfect Hotel In Central NY City	We chose this small hotel purposely and it was the perfect choice. The situation couldn't have been better for sightseeing. We stayed for 5 nights in humid July for a special birthday. The staff were very helpful and friendly, the room large and clean with a lovely bathroom. We were even offered complimentary continental breakfast - which we took advantage of. We would certainly stay here again in preference to the large hotels..	
Sep 10 2008 	Great stay for family	Just stating was others have said before, this is a great hotel in a great location. It is a huge advantage to be able to walk to so much and also have the subway right at the corner. We come to NYC often and this is our first time at the Blakely. We had two kids (7, 10) with us and stayed in a very large 1 BR suite which makes the stay so much more enjoyable. Very clean, friendly service. Only small complaint was the breakfast service was unpredictable due to how busy it was for the servers. We will stay again.	
Sep 4 2008 	location location and service	we had the choice of the Hilton or the Blakeley. No contest we chose the right one. (Blakeley is next door to the Hilton) we wanted to be near times square. We were right in between Central Park and times Square plus more or less next to 5th ave. There was a cinema round the corner too, infact everything was easy to get to. The subway was near too when we wanted to go to Staton island. The room we had for the four of us was plenty big enough. The hotel was aboutique hotel well run, well looked after very clean and with charm. The price included breakfast taken in the adjoining italian rerstaurant, which was very good plentiful with a good selection. You could opt for the cooked breakfast at extra cost, but found this to be enough to start the day in New York. We didnt try the reataurant at night but it was always full.	
Aug 28 2008 	Great location--Great Hotel!	The Blakely Hotel is a great hotel in a great location. Convenient to Times Square and many, many other NYC attractions. Rooms are very comfortable. Nice amenities like a DVD player, mini bar, and large tub make this a great place to stay.Hotel staff even help guests deal with rain by providing umbrellas. Continental breakfast was good and featured fresh fruit, muffins, bagels and plenty of coffee.Would absolutely stay there again!	
Aug 27 2008 	Great Stay	Have just returned from five night stay. My wife and I were in New York for a wedding and had our nine month old son with us. That meant we spent a lot more time in our hotel than we would normally do so we knew the hotel had to be nice. We booked the Blakely after reading the reviews here and it did not disappoint.I won't repeat what other reviewers have said other than to say the room was much bigger than others in NY, staff far more helpful (our son was sick on our bed - we went to apologise and they just said not to worry, highchairs produced at breakfast without asking, car arranged to airport complete with correct car seat for baby etc), within walking distance of central park, times square, 5th ave etc. Main niggle was the lifts which are small and can take a while to arrive. In room microwave/fridge etc great for preparing food for our son. We were apprehensive about taking our first family holiday in such a busy city but the Blakely made it a great experience.	
Jul 26 2008 	Consistently excellent	I've been at the Blakely for the better part of the last month (one week in June, three weeks in July), including one weekend (most of my stays were Mon-Thu). There's not much I can say that hasn't been covered already, but thought I'd chime in since I've had the opportunity to observe the hotel and its staff over a longer period, and to see more rooms (five, altogther), than most reviewers. Taken all together, it's hard to imagine a better combination of comfort, value, and location than the Blakely. While for me, the key is that it's less than two blocks from my client's site, it's hard to be better positioned to take advantage of everything Manhattan has to offer. When you add in that it's always clean and comfortable, with more space and more little extras that matter than other NYC hotels (free wireless internet access throughout the property, free continental breakfast, the mini-kitchen with fridge and microwave), and the staff are always quietly competent and helpful, it adds up to being my new favorite place to stay in Manhattan. I've spent a lot of time in NYC on business, and have racked up multi-night stays in at least two dozen properties in Manhattan over the years -- always by myself. As soon as I saw my room at the Blakely on my first stay there, however, I decided I had to bring my wife up for a weekend trip without the kids for the first time in many years. I can't claim that the hotel was the only factor, as we'd been talking about getting away sometime for quite a while, but when I realized we could spend a weekend in Manhattan in a place this nice, relaxed, comfortable, and well-located, I got on the phone with her that night to start making arrangements. The weekend experience was every bit a good as my weekdays had been.	
Jul 23 2008 	Good choice!	We just returned from a three night stay at The Blakely and were very satisfied with our experience. It is a friendly and nicely managed boutique hotel furnished in an English &quot;hunt club&quot; theme. Good value and great location! We were traveling with our adult daughter and our accommodations were very comfortable...a King suite with a door that closed off the bedroom from the sitting room which was furnished with a twin sized daybed, second TV, separate closet and dresser. Although there was a switch in the sitting room that operated a fan in to circulate the AC from the closed off bedroom into the sitting room, we found that it was necessary to leave the door from the bedroom to the sitting room open in order to maintain a comfortable temperature in there. The beds were comfortable and the linens were immaculate. The bathroom was small, but very nicely appointed. There was a compact kitchenette between the sitting room and the bathroom. A continental breakfast (included in our room rate) was served in the adjacent restaurant – coffee, juice, fruit, cold cereals, yogurt, muffins, etc. There are only two small elevators, which occassionally resulted in wait time, however, we did not find it to be a much of a problem.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great Stay	We have just returned from a week at the Blakely. The location of the hotel was great. The hotel is very clean and the staff very friendly. We had a king suite and the suite consisted of a king bedroom which was quite large and a sitting room with a twin day bed. We brought along a queen inflatable bed which we put on the floor of the sitting room. It did take up most of the room but it left enough room for one person to walk by. The queen inflatable would have fit in the king room also but the kids wanted to stay together. The room was always spotless. The air conditioner worked great but you had to keep the door connecting the king room with the sitting room open for the air to circulate. We ate at the hotel restaurant for the free continental breakfast which was good. It was the same everyday (bagels, muffins, toast, fruit, yogurt, juice, and cereal). We ate at the hotel restaurant once for dinner and the food was awful and the service was worse. We had a great visit to the Blakely and we will be back.	
Jul 18 2008 	Almost too good to be true!!!	I just got back from a 7 night stay at The Blakely. It could not have been better! The hotel lobby is small and cozy...it feels like a Men's Lounge or Country Club. We had a one room suite with a separate room with a twin size day bed that was perfect for the teenager we had with us. He said it was very comfortable. The other beds in the main sleeping room were some of the most comfortable I have slept on in a hotel. (I've stayed at many 5 star hotels!) The 2 large flat screen TVs were nice after a day of sightseeing. The bathroom was HUGE and had a jacuzzi tub, counter space, and many mirrors. The wood floors and traditional decor was relaxing and beautiful. If you want to workout, the gym was small but had great new equipment and was spotlessly clean. The complementary breakfast was very good and included cereals, granola, juices, bakery items, coffee, and fruit. You can also order a heavier breakfast for an additional cost. I honestly can't believe the value of this hotel for the cost. The staff was helpful and polite. They were happy to assist us with anything we needed. When we requested something it was done instantly.Eat at the restaurant! We had two dinners there and they were both some of the best food we had on the trip. My husband liked the pasta there better than the one he had at Babbo! As good as the hotel is, the location is even better. Walking distance to shopping, theaters, Time Square, Central Park. It just doesn't get better than The Blakely!	
Jul 12 2008 	Good location base	We resisted advise to stay in the heart of Times Square &amp; really enjoyed the location of the Blakely. It was convenient to the theatre, Central Park, TOTR, &amp; the subway entrance.	
Jul 9 2008	Like the home you want to have in NYC	I have stayed here twice for multiple nights each time and the Blakely always gets it right. It sometimes feels like you're the only one staying there which in NYC is a blessing. Although I can't recommend the restaurant because the two times I ate there were pretty disappointing, I can say that the rooms, HVAC and public areas are very well maintained. I had to book a suite because there were no standard rooms at the time but I was told if there were cancellations I would get a standard room....and I did. The team there is honest and work hard to build loyalty with guest. Bravo!	
Jun 16 2008 	Great stay at the Blakely	We stayed at the Blakely for 4 nights in early June 08. The room was very comfortable and a decent size. Bathroom was a touch small but this did not really matter. The rooms come with a small kitchenette which is useful. A complimentary breakfast of toast, cereal and juice/tea is provided each day. They do provide a cooked breakfast which costs extra. There are plenty of places to eat breakfast in NYC so we had breakfast elsewhere a couple of times.There is free internet access in the lobby which is a nice touch and the concierge are very helpful. The hotel is about 250m walk from a subway/metro station with a train straight to Times Square etc. Lots of shops are a few blocks away and Central Park is only 10 minutes walk.Overall a great stay and bring ear plugs as NYC is always noisy, especially at night!	
May 26 2008 	Highly recommend	We would recommend staying in the Blakely Hotel, New York. We stayed there for four nights and found everything great. The hotel room is nicely decorated, the bathroom a little small but was not an issue, staff friendly and helpful. The hotel provide a complimentary continental breakfast, complimentary internet service in lobby &amp; also offer umbrellas, which was very useful to us as it was raining while we visited. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here on another visit to New York.	
May 20 2008 	Great Hotel	After reading numerous reviews on trip advisor we booked a suite on a high floor for 6 nights. We were not dissapointed. The room was very large with a large sitting room and beautiful appointed bathroom. Everything was exceptionally clean, beds were very comfortable and clean linen daily.It is New York so if you are a light sleeper - take earplugs or keep the AC on!Its location is perfect 2 blocks from central park.Breakfast is complementary and adequate.We found the staff welcoming and helpful and generally New Yorkers are nice to you if you are nice to them.Go to Becco - a fantastic Italian restaurant a few blocks away.Factory outlet was very disapointing and a waste of a day - not as good as others we have been to in the US.We intend going back to New York and will definately stay here again.We have stayed in 5* hotels all over the world and this small hotel with an excellent suite did not disapoint.	
May 17 2008 	Be warned!	We stayed at the Blakely last summer for 5 nights. Our room was placed next to the air conditioning unit (right outside our window) and sleep therefore was non-existent due to the noise. The following day they courteously moved us up one floor to a smoking room (we don't smoke) whereby the air conditioning unit was now just below us rather than directly outside the window - not much improvement. However in the transfer the hotel lost two of our bags. Despite suggesting we were 'mistaken' in them having lost our bags, management eventually agreed they had gone missing when one of the bags turned up. The second bag was never found, and management stated they would reimburse us. However, on our departure the manager was 'out of the office' and left the deputy manager Marilyn in charge who refused to reimburse us and denied our loss. She was dismissive of our distress and appeared to enjoy charging us the full amount for our stay.This experience spoilt our visit to New York, we lost valuable items that were never reimbursed. Management were deceptive to say the least.	
May 10 2008 	The perfect place to come back to	We had a 6 night stay in The Blakely after choosing it from Trip Advisor reviews and we were not disappointed. This is the perfect place to return to after a hectic day in NYC. Our room was spacious with 2 queen beds, large flat screen tv, lots of closet and drawer space. The mini kitchen was a big plus. The bathroom was large and the jacuzzi bath was great for tired feet, as were the very comfortable beds. Above all, the room was spotless and housekeeping did a wonderful job every day. We were able to check in within 10 mins of our arrival at lunch time and check out was equally efficient. Front of house staff were always pleasant and helpful.The hotel is perfectly situated within walking distance of most of the major attractions. Although only a few mins walk from Times Sq/Broadway it felt like a million miles away. The internet in reception was a big hit with my daughter for checking e-mails etc.I would have no hesitation in reccommending this hotel and would definitely stay there again if in NYC.	
May 9 2008 	This is "my flat in New York"	My husband and I always wanted an apartment in New York and have decided that THIS IS IT! The suites are huge, love the kitchenette, the bed is so very comfy, the shower is PERFECT. Great attentive service from housekeeping, bell staff and front desk.Yes the coffee maker is a joke. (I wish the bedspread were not kept on the bed, my personal preference.)We stayed here the first time for the location, but fell in love with the whole package. We just keep coming back, getting to know the little quirks of the neighborhood. So close to MoMA, Central Park, Bergdorf Goodman's, Rizzoli (the best bookstore in the world). It's not quite perfect, but nearly so. Let's keep it a secret or we won't be able to book it when we need it.The breakfast is pricey, but there are lots of fun, clattery diners close by filled with locals and other travellers where you can get a big dose of coffee, eggs and a earful of New York. We have not tried the restaurant for dinner. It always looks a little forlorn and we like to dine where there is a crowd.Do go to Fluffy Bakery around the corner on 7th Avenue toward 54thSt for sweet snacks. If you stay a few days, take flowers from the Florist next door to your room. We'll be happy to share our flat in New York with you!	
Apr 29 2008 	Loved the location	We really liked the location of this hotel - close to Central Park and just far enough from Times Square to avoid some of that madness. The room was a nice size, clean, and had all of the amenities. There was plenty of storage space and a nice kitchenette. More counter space in the bathroom would be nice. We appreciated the small feel of the hotel compared to the large chains. The previous reviewer mentioned the &quot;large lobby&quot; and turn down service. I would not call the lobby large and there was no turn down service (at least not for our room). We had minor service issues. The television did not work and the closet light was faulty, but both were taken care of immediately. One day the maid left only one towel, so we had to call for extras. I would definitely recommend the hotel and would stay there again.	
Apr 26 2008 	Great Hotel	Was warmly greeted. Arrived well before the scheduled checkin time, but had to wait to get into room. Not a problem, as I was very early. The staff was helpful and welcoming. Helpful and attentive the entire time. The lobby was large and well appointed. THe elevator wer always in the lobby and ready. No long waits for down trips. The room was comfortanble and had the appropriate appointements. It was well cleaned and turn down service was provided each evening.Very enjoiable stay. Convient to MIdtown location	
Apr 7 2008	Wonderful hotel	3 of my friends and I stayed at the Blakely Mar 27 - April 2, 2008.We had 3 rooms and they were good sized as well as comfortable with a microwave and frig. One of us had stayed at the Trump hotels on previous trips and she remarked that the room she had here was bigger. I also have stayed at other hotels and found my double room to be bigger here. Everything was very clean, the staff was helpful no matter how many times we bugged them and when our flight was cancelled, they booked us back into our same rooms. We also loved the Abboccato Restaurant next door for breakfast and the best Italian dinner we had and they served us drinks in the hotel lobby when they were full and we were deciding how to spend our unplanned night in NYC. The room that we had at the back of the hotel had construction outside each night and so noisy but the rooms at the front were great overlooking the NYC Center. The elevator was slow but that was ok - we met great people while we waited. It was central to 5th Ave, St. Pats and Times Square. All of us will definitely stay at this hotel on our next trip.	
Mar 31 2008 	BLAKELY is A PLUS!!!	My 3 teenage granddaughters, my daughter and DIL (and me of course) stayed 3/26-3/30. We had one suite with adjoining standard room. This is a charming hotel, great beds, wonderful staff, breakfast was delicious and waiters sooo nice, location perfect!! Staff could not be more helpful. Asked for extra pillows and towels and had them in 15 minutes. I want to mention Andre, Monique, Eric and Michael (managers) for their professionalism and charm. We stayed at the Kimberly in 2006 - only the Blakely from now on - worth every penny and I thought rates were ok given what we experienced. I do not have one negative to mention. I hope a glowing report does not mean we'll have difficulty reserving for our next visit - Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida	
Mar 30 2008	Great Find in New York	What a nice little gem on 55th street in the heart of New York. The staff bends over backwards to see that every wish is taken care of. The rooms are on the small side unless you stay in the jr./mini suite which has a living room. Bathroom is quite small but serviceable however. They have a wonderful restaurant call Abbacato (Italian) which becomes the breakfast place in the morning. Continental breakfast is included and for a small additional cost you can have eggs, breakfast meats, etc. They have an excellent car service to and from the airport at not much more than the price of a cab but certainly more reliable and cleaner. Hotel is within 2 or 3 blocks of the subway. Also, there are plenty of good restaurants within walking distance of the hotel.Enjoy!!	
Mar 30 2008 	What a Gem!	Have stayed in a lot of NYC hotels but this is our favorite now. You can't beat the location if you want to be near Times Square but not in the noise and confusion. Subway is 1/2 block to the left (N,R,W) and is an easy line to navigate. Park is about 2 blocks north. Rockefeller Plaza and 5th Ave. are so close too. Just an easy hotel to get to and from. Loved the fact that this is a small hotel - very homey and quaint. Probably around 120 rooms. We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite with a living room with a day bed for my 16 yr old. The rooms are clean, large (for NYC), and furnished with the coziest beds. Ours had 2 flat screen TV's. Microwave, refridgerator, stocked mini bar (booze,soda and snacks) and granite bar sink. Bathrooms are beautiful! Finally a hotel in NYC with counter space!!! And a bathroom fan!!! Plenty of towels and even 2 robes (they even offered a 3rd for my son). Bathtubs are jetted and the shower heads have the best water pressure-not the stinging kind. Hardwood floors in the living room with a large area rug. Never heard our neighbors in the hall, next door, or above us. Extremely quiet and private.Management never seemed to be bothered by any question. Very friendly and accomodating. Room was ready very early the morning we checked in and they allowed an extra hour the day we checked out. We will definetely go back to this hotel.	
Mar 26 2008 	Charming Blakely	We just returned from a week in NY, my agent got a good price at the Blakely and it was indeed an excellent choice. For the price we got it, it beats most midtown hotels where I usually stay (like the Mansfield, which I like by the way). Location: very nice. I myself like streets around the 44th better for a wider choice of restaurants, but this was so close to Central park that made us forget about the rest.Hotel: small enough to be cozy. Warm welcome and helpful concierge at all times. We had complimentary continental breakfast which was good (staff at bkfst a bit brisk but they are probably just understaffed).Rooms: very clean. Bathroom was spotless. Rooms have a kitchenette w/ microwave, refrigerator and freezer which is very nice if you have kids. It allowed us to stop in the room to get a rest and snack. TV with Dvd player. Ironing board (not that I used it but I appreciate it).Beds: rarely I have slept in such comfy beds, they hug you. The pillow was small and soft (my neck gets usually stiff when I sleep in hotels, but not here). Large closet/s. And most lights dim, which is so nice especially in the bathroom, I hate strong lights when I get up.The rooms facing the bach (Hilton side) are a bit noisy, but it seems to me that most hotels have the same problem in NYC. It was not a big issue to me anyway.	
Mar 1 2008 	Wonderful stay	Stayed here on firsit visit to New York having read reviews. We had a wonderful time. The hotel staff were very friendly - nothing seemed too much trouble. As hotel not very big seemed to be very personal - something which we like. Rooms well appointed and very clean. Beds VERY comfortable. Position very good for sightseeing - 10 mins from Times Square and Central Park. Breakfast buffet good. Choice of fruit, juice, cereals, toast and muffins. Extra for eggs. I have already recommended this hotel to friends and would not hesitate to book there again if we go back.	
Feb 28 2008	Loved the Blakely	We stayed at the Blakely with a toddler and an infant in a two room suite, and it was perfect. The staff was very friendly, the room was very clean, the crib was new, and the service was excellent. You can't find a better room in Midtown for the price!	
Jan 8 2008 	Unforgettable Xmas	Date: December 2007Reviewer: Family from Sydney, AustraliaMy family chose to spend Christmas in New York. The position of the Blakely was perfect, close walk to ice skating in Central Park, Theatre District, Times Square, Park Ave, restaurants, shopping etc. The rooms were clean, quiet and comfortable. My two teenagers and younger daughter loved the hotel's small boutique feeling within such an overwhelmingly exciting city. The staff were polite and friendly and it was a pleasure to return to the hotel each evening. I thoroughly recommend this hotel to other travelers.	
Jan 7 2008 	Nice Combo from Blakely Abbocato	Was in town to meet a special friend for dining and romance; not disappointed in either. We dined at the hotel's restaurant, Abbocato, and food and wine were well paired and staff very attentive. The room was spacious ( I knew from reading reviews here to ask for a high floor facing 55th St). Everything was gleaming clean and I loved the mini kitchenette, stocked with glasses, real china, marble countertops and Moen faucets. Mini bar stocked with excellent (as expected) beverages, although only one sinfully tiny ice tray. However, as soon as I requested more ice, a full bucket was delivered promptly and courteously. Linens excellent quality, in fact I ended up purchasing the robe... way overpriced, in my opinion. I think the $100 price tag is to discourage guests from bagging them. The only misstep was not being able to get the cordless room phone to work at 2am, when no one would be on duty. And, the only other big negative--breakfast! The room service breakfast is simply continental, i.e.,pastries, juice, coffee. The only way to have a &quot;full&quot; breakfast is to go downstairs to the buffet, and on top of that, the hotel will not allow any buffet food to be taken back to the room. Major inconvenience, especially for couples who might want a romantic morning in the room. However, overall, I would give it a thumbs up	
Dec 11 2007	Cozy Convenient Noisy	Stayed at Blakely and liked location, comfy beds, handy microwave and fridge. Room on 12th Floor facing 54th was noisy...bars close at 4 am! No view anyway so ask for back room. Doorman was delightful, front desk either barely tolerant or absent (rather creepy returning to hotel on Sat. night at 1:00 am and NO ONE was in the lobby. Where is security???) Housekeeper from Albania was sweet and discovered my lost scarf. Not a Hilton (thankfully) but needs a bit more &quot;polish&quot; to make it shine as a boutique hotel.	
Dec 3 2007 	Excellent Location	Just returned from 5 nights in New York (couple and 20 year old son) spent at The Blakely.We chose this hotel due to its location - very close to Central Park, Broadway, Times Square and well withing walking distance to all the other central attactions - Empire State Building, Top of the Rock, United Nations Buildings, Grand Central Station to name a few - and we were not disaappointed.The hotel was ideal for us - the staff were extremely helpful and booked restaurants, taxis etc for us and our two rooms were on the 16th floor at the front of the building were well furnished, but probably smaller than others we have stayed in previously in America (but never before in New York) - but quite large enough for our requirements - usefully having microwave, fridge and tea/coffee making factilities should you need them.The hotel has a computer in reception which the guests can use which is very useful when you have &quot;young adults&quot; with you that need to check their e mails/view face book etc!The local Delis are good for breakfast, lunch and or dinner and serve a variety of things very quickly - and are packed with New Yorkers as well as tourists.We did a huge amount whilst we were there - dining at Michael Jordans Steak House (in Grand Central Station) was brilliant (expensive at £50/head) but a great experience. Helicoper ride over New York great fun and the shopping ... well that is something else! If you are not a shopper there is still loads to do and experience - but be prepared to walk and if you go in the Autumn/Winter take a warm coat as even if it is sunny the wind is very cold.Great place would certainly return if the opportunity arises!	
Nov 29 2007 	Fabulous experience	Our stay was wonderful. The room was nicely appointed just as advertised. The linens were lovely and the bed was very comfortable. I loved the idea of the lap top in the lobby. In addition I could use the printer for directions, etc. The maid was pleasant and gracious. The best part of the hotel is the staff. The shining star is Jose. He was most helpful and courteous. He could answer any question and if he could not he would work on it and get back to us. He even helped me locate a little known restaurant on the east side. We had breakfast at Bon Au Pain across the street. The coffee was very good and they had everything you could want for breakfast and lunch for that matter. We also enjoyed Normas for breakfast. It is a very short walk to the lobby of Le Parker Meridian. We have always stayed at the Hilton. It is very over priced and there is no fridge or microwave. We will never stay there again. We will stay at the Blakely. The location is just as good as the Hilton and the money I saved by staying there meant &quot;more shopping&quot;.	
Nov 28 2007 	Really nice hotel with good location	A friend and I stayed at the Blakely over the thanksgiving period 20th - 24th November for 4 nights. We stayed in room 306 which didnt have the most thrilling view (of a ventilation fan) but seen as we were more concerned about the standard of the room and the hotel's location, we were not disappointed.We found all the staff to be courteous and found nice little touches like remembering our names and room number to be good when we were changing travellers cheques etc.All in all a pleasant stay in NYC at a nice hotel.	
Nov 26 2007 	Stop Thief!!	I recently returned from a four night stay at the Blakely New York to find that my credit card had been charged by the hotel, after my departure! When I queried this I was told that I had used the mini bar, which I absolutely hadn't!!! After an argument on the phone, with a very rude member of staff, I then sent an email to the general manager, who never replied!! My debt is still outstanding and The Blakely have been no help at all! The hotel is fine, so long as you dont have a query, they are happy to take your money and run... Customer service???	
Nov 25 2007 	Slipping a Little	My third visit to the Blakely was over the Thanksgiving weekend. The hotel can hold its own but the staff seems to need a refresher course in customer service. I was staying in s suite to accomodate my family of four. I had to call for extra towels on three occasions and the jacuzzi was broken. Also, avoid rooms with windows facing 54th street or you will be serenaded all night by the sounds of Hilton delivery trucks.	
Nov 24 2007 	Best Location!	My mother and I are from the UK and this was our first visit to New York. We stayed in the Blakely for a week in November and booked the hotel based on the reviews we had read here on trip advisor and.....we were not disappointed.The hotel location couldn't have been better for us, it was close to everything we could have asked for and we enjoyed walking around the local area, especially Central Park.We booked a standard two double bedded room and it was spacious, well decorated and spotless.The beds were very comfortable, nice shower, good ammenities and the kitchenette was very useful.Our room was on the fourth floor at the front of the hotel, there was some noise (but you are in the centre) but no worse than expected. We both live in the country and slept with earplugs and didn't hear a thing!All staff were polite and helpful.I would definately recommend the Blakely and my mother and I both said we would stay there again.	
Nov 20 2007	Worth a stay	Stayed at the Blakely based on the many rave reviews and to be honest was a little disppointed. We stayed in a one bedroom suite with the biggest disappointment being that the room looked nothing like the pictures on the hotel website. There wasnt much natural light available which I think made the room a bit depressing. But having said that the room was huge and very well appointed, plus the staff were great and the location excellent. Would I stay here again? Probably, but maybe not expecting as much next time around and probably not bothering with paying the extra money for a suite. We never used the sitting area of the suite largely because it was a separate windowless room and the bedroom was massive.	
Nov 19 2007	Great until the last day!	We stayed for 4 nights at the Blakely in November, couldn't fault the room although we paid for a superior room and they were A LOT smaller than the photos on the website, all the facilities were great and the location is fantastic. Couldn't fault the concierge until our last day when we were waiting in the lobby to leave (with our bags at our feet) when he asked where our 'claim tags' were - these are used if you want to sort your luggage before you check out - our luggage was at our feet so we said we didn't have any, the door man rolled his eyes and said 'whatever guys just be honest if you've lost them'. Um nice service!! Apart from that it was a great stay, we will be returning to New York but possibly not this hotel.	
Nov 6 2007 	Great location in Manhattan	Stayed at the Blakely for a week at the end of October 07, and enjoyed it very much. The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful, and our room and bathroom were spacious and spotlessly clean.Our room was on the 14th floor at the back, so yes, there was some noise early in the morning, but as we got up early each day we weren't too worried. Anyone wanting to sleep in should try for a room at the front of the hotel.The kitchenette in the bedroom was a very useful facility for making snacks and drinks. We didn't bother with the expensive hotel breakfast, but went across the road to Au Bon Pain each morning. There's several diners nearby for breakfast, as well.We ate in the hotel restaurant one night, and tried the pre-theatre $38 prix-fixe menu, which is available before 6.45pm. The food was excellent, but anyone looking for huge portions should go elsewhere.The laptop in the lobby is a very useful facility, and we were able to use it to check-in online for our return flight.The Blakely is in a great location, near MoMA, Central Park, Carnegie Hall and several Broadway theatres. There's a subway station on the corner of 55th St &amp; 7th Ave, and another one two blocks down on 53rd St. From this second station you can get the E train which connects with the AirTrain to JFK - $2 for the subway and $5 for the Air Train.Would definitely stay at the Blakely again next time I am in NYC.	
Nov 3 2007	Enjoyed the Blakely	Stayed here in September for 5 nights , booked through Quikbook . It was our first time in NY and wow we have to come back one day. We arrived early , 2 hrs prior to check-in but were given our room straight away. We were also were given a later check out time on the day of departure.The pro'sIt was great to have the small kitchenette, with fridge, microwave and coffee maker Bed was very large and comfortable Room, bathroom - clean and well equipped - iron, safe, hairdryer, robes etc. Plenty of space in the bedroom.Location very good - walkable distances to Central Park, Rock centre, Times Sq, Carnegie Hall and close to two subway stations The staff mostly friendly and helpfulFree computer access in lobbyThe con'sWe were on the 15th floor ( next to top) at the back of the hotel. However the noise from the neighbourhood garbage disposal unit was loud at times. My husband was never woken , however it did wake me a few times, (have to say that Im easily woken)Coffee maker only makes one cup at a time - no great hardship but a bit odd.All in all would definately stay again.	
Oct 23 2007 	What a little gem!	I stayed here for a week in a king suite with a connecting room that had two doubles for my friends. Based on previous reviews, I asked for non-smoking rooms at the front of the hotel. My suite was very clean and noise was not a problem for us at all. We were on the 7th floor. The rooms were very large, as were the bathrooms.My bathroom had a huge marble shower with a rain showerhead that was just divine. The kitchenette was a handy feature.The beds were super comfortable with quality linens and made fresh each day.We really liked that the hotel was located close to a subway station and just a few blocks from Central Park. The Blakely exceeded our expectations and I would definitely stay at this lovely, quaint hotel again.	
Oct 20 2007 	Mostly Great!	The Blakely may be the best deal near Carnegie Hall, and since the area around Carnegie Hall is rather dark after performances, that's important. On 55th Street, it avoids the long dark haul down 57th to other, somewhat more cheaply priced venues. Likewise, the location is primo for the City Centre directly across the street, where the interesting Manhattan Theatre Club shows usually premiere. The new decor is great. Fully functional rooms with kitchenette and Jacuzzi. Nicely maintained. The restaurant downstairs didn't attract me, but the little food stops across the street did, and I got reasonably priced, cheap and good breakfasts over there, rather a comforting balance to the room rates, which while reasonable for midtown Manhattan, still seem a bit like the credit card has picked up a tapeworm! Seriously, I just booked a return trip after spending a couple of hours fruitlessly searching for a less expensive but just-as-good place in the Blakely's neighborhood. As to the noise reported by so many, I never noticed it. But then I go to sleep to opera on an iPod with noise-dampening headphones. Bellissima!	
Oct 18 2007 	Absolutely wonderful!	This was our first (and will not be our last) trip to NYC. I traveled with my parents, who are both in their 70's, my cousin and his Wife. We had the two room suite. The room was spacious and decorated nicely. It was wonderful because I had my own daybed and closet, while my folks had their seperate living quarters. The microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker were used everyday. The bathroom was beautiful and I LOVED the shower.The location was wonderful. There were SO many places to eat nearby. We walked to the theatre and saw &quot;Wicked&quot; (a must see if you are a Wizard of Oz fan) and &quot;Putnam County Spelling Bee&quot; (hilarious - get ready to laugh).People were so very helpful. There was so much to see - you need at least 10-14 days to do it all!We will definately go back to the Blakely and recommend it to everyone!In terms of the rooms, we called several days ahead to secure rooms on higher floors and non-smoking, based upon reading the Trip Advisor reviews. We were accommodated without any problems.	
Oct 3 2007	Very nice hotel	Funny you have to sing praises of a hotel when it's $500 night (including taxes). At that price it should be good. And it was. Based on prior reviews we asked for high floor, at front of hotel. So noise not an issue. Room very spacious, well appointed. Staff was helpful and friendly. I have an iPhone so the fact that getting computer time downstairs can be difficult, was not an issue. We would definitely stay at the Blakely again.	
Oct 3 2007 	Great staff location and amenities	We decided to stay at the Blakely based on its many positive comments. Keeping in mind other reviewers complaints, we were shocked at the total opposite experience my family and I experienced. Aside from the hotel being within walking distance to numerous sites and attractions and half a block from the subway, we thought the staff was so helpful and friendly. From the bellman to the front desk, and of course housekeeping. Everyone was so pleasant. It was such a welcoming place in our opinion. The property itself offers a fitness room (no pool though), free wireless connection, kitchenettes in the rooms, and their restaurant has room service available. All in all, this hotel made our trip to the city even more enjoyable. After we went out for the day, coming back to the hotel was like coming home.	
Oct 1 2007 	Good Hotel - Some Problems	We stayed in a suite in this hotel for 6 nights. When we arrived there was no bell boy around to help with our bags. After we were given our room we spend about a half hour trying to get our key to work, eventually after staff trying also and it not working we were assigned anotther room. At 3am the garbage trucks started arriving at the depot opposite our room and we were unable to sleep on our first night. We complained at 6am and packed our bags which were moved by hotel staff to a room at the front of the hotel while we were out during the day. We didnt experience any problems with the hotel when we asked to be moved. We didnot experience any other problems during our stay. The suite was a very good size for New York, and nicely decorated, the fridge/microwave are very handy for light snacks. The bathroom was a good size and the water pressure in the shower very good. The lifts can be slow, access to the computer in the lobby is very handy eventhough usually busy. Anyone who is booking the hotel should ask for a room at the front of the hotel on a high floor. We would stay here again based on room size and location.	
Sep 28 2007 	Shame about the cockroach	Stayed four nights. Well located for all the touristy things around Times Square and Broadway. Easy to get to from JFK via Airtrain and the Subway, quicker than using a taxi and just $7, just two blocks from 7th Avenue/53rd Street station. Nicely appointed rooms and good size for New York and very clean except for the dreaded cockroach! Arrived back into the room after it had been cleaned to find a nice, shiney cockroach parked on the floor. After sending our uninvited guest to cockroach heaven, I informed the front desk of our visitor. They said they would look into the matter and spray the room after we left for the evening. However, they did not seem to take the issue very seriously and didn't offer an apology or a change of room, in fact it was almost as though they were used to it, and upon returning to the room there was no sign that anything had been done to the room. The lack of interest from the staff spoiled what was otherwise a pleasant stay. Not saying I would never stay here again but would look at other suitable options first.	
Sep 28 2007 	Great hotel and location	Spent 5 days at the Blakely in early September on our first trip to New York, and it's a great hotel from which to explore the city. It's in the mid-town area on 55th St, which is only a short walk from the general theatre district, Times Square, Central Park, and Fifth Avenue. You can pretty much walk to most districts in Manhattan if you really feel up to it, but, failing that, the subway is only a couple of minutes walk along the street from the hotel, and is simple enough to use. The 3 day pass for $24 is well worth buying if you're planning on getting around a lot, and includes all subway trains and buses for the whole of the city. You can buy it in the station.The hotel itself is clean, tidy, cosy, and very comfortable. Not remotely clinical in the way that a lot of chain hotels tend to be. In fact, it almost felt like coming home after a day out. There are rooms available for smoking and non-smoking. They're also a good size for New York, and have all the usual amenities; TV, coffee making facilities, products in the bathroom etc, and even a little kitchenette with a fridge, sink and microwave, which is handy. Bathrooms are a good size, and although the bathtub was a little worn around the edges, the pressure of the shower more than made up fot it. Downstairs in the lobby there's a laptop and printer for use free of charge, which is great for checking-in online and printing boarding passes.Staff are really friendly without being at all intrusive, and will help you out wherever they can. The printer was out of order when I wanted to print our boarding passes the day before we left, and so they let us go through into the back office to use the computers out there. Housekeeping was spot on. Everything tidied and cleaned when we got back after a day out. There's also a restaurant attached to the lobby of the hotel which looked nice and was always busy, but we never got around to trying it. All in all, it was a great stay. The hotel didn't disappoint on any count. It was great to come back to somewhere with a slightly home like feel at the end of a hard slog around the big apple. Would definately stay again if we went back. I can't think of a single reason not to!	
Sep 25 2007	+ 	First the ++. Drop dead perfect location. Our suite was fairly priced and large. Very good bathroom. Now the --. When we arrived [1pm on a wed], there was NO doorman or bellman. We were taking a cruise the following day, and we had luggage galore. Aside from our check in experience which was efficient and courteous, the front desk staff was cold, unreceptive and uninterested. This &quot;no problem&quot; response to each request is getting really stale. The staff needs a double dose of training and B-12. The check out was equally challenging. Bell staff at the property seem to be unavailable, or they retreat to neverland at every opportunity. And the elevator! It's possible to finish a sizeable percentage of the Merriam-Webster Dictionary during the ride. We will NOT return to this property. There are too many other hotels in NYC that want and appreciate your business.	
Sep 21 2007	Noisy! Noisy! Noisy!	We had rooms 607/608 suite/double room combination facing the parking area. There is a garbage truck transfer station underneath. Terrible noise very early every morning. On Monday it started at 3am. No sleeping through it. The staff pretended that this was unusual but I doubt it. The rooms however were very nice with comfortable beds. Very clean bathrooms. Courteous but somewhat disinterested staff at check-in and check-out. We moved over to the Hemsley Park Lane, and it was wonderful. Finally got a good nights sleep! Don't try to save money. It's worth the cost to get a better hotel or else bring ear plugs!	
Sep 21 2007 	Not as fun as the Hudson but perfect for our needs	Stayed here for 5 nights over Labor Day with my wife and our 9 month old daughter. We booked a suite well in advance since we would be there with an infant, and got a really great rate (I think it was $259; heard the rates had gone way up as the date got closer). We also booked an adjoining room for my wife's mom (we were attending a family wedding). Had a problem at check-in as they did not have a record of the adjoining room, but that problem was solved quite quickly. Everything else about the Blakely was positive. The location is very good if you want to be near Tmes Square (the Stage Deli is just around the corner). There's a subway stop 1/2 a block away (although I'm embarassed and disappointed to say we were lazy and did not use the subway on this trip). Central Park is just a 3 block walk. The Suite was good sized, had a fridge (and a microwave, too, I think). New flat-screen TVs in both rooms. Street noise wasn't too bad (no more than normal for a big city). My mother-in-law's standard room was fine also. Everyone seemed pleased with the hotel, including the hard to please great-grandma. Not sure if there was Wi-fi as I had my Verizon card and relied on it (it was a bit slow at times).Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The fitness room was typical/adequate for a hotel, with what appeared to be fairly new cardio equipment. Not much in the way of weights aside from a few dumbbells and one of those generic universal machines. There also is a Gold's in walking distance if you need a real gym. Theater district also is in easy walking distance. We did not try the Italian restaurant although I heard a few relatives say it was expensive (nothing good or bad was said about the food).Elevators are a bit small and sometimes slow, and there isn't much to the lobby. But all in all, for the price, location, and quality of the rooms (pretty big for NYC), the Blakely deserves a good review. Definitely family friendly. We would stay here again if we come back with our daughter (back to the Hudson if it's just me and my wife).	
Sep 6 2007 	A Great Little Hotel	We loved the Blakely. We chose it over the alternative group hotel based on the TA reviews. It is a small boutique type of hotel with a nice location. Check in was painless except that the staff member didn't realize our stay was already paid for through a group. The room was spacious, with a great marble bathroom. The counter space was a little small but the minibar/coffee area provided plenty of alternative space to use. The shower was the BEST shower I have ever used in a hotel! The towels were SOFT! The beds were very comfortable with upscale linens, and the a/c was great. We were on the third floor facing the street so we did have quite a bit of noise at night, but the hotel has no 2 bedded rooms above the 6th floor and none were available. We had problems setting the safe code and the staff came right away and changed the battery so it worked. Several restaurants were recommended by the concierge, and there is an Au Bon Pain right across the street for an easy breakfast or lunch and the prices were very reasonable, especially for NYC. A deli is just down the street, as is the subway. There is free internet access in the lobby although it was frequently in use. All in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel and would gladly stay there again.	
Sep 5 2007 	Don't stay if you want a decent night's sleep	Surprised not to read other reviews mentioning the noise at this hotel. All rooms at the rear face a depot which trucks vsit thoughout the night and the noise usually peaked between 2am and 4am.Trucks were shuttled back and forth into the depot and it was impossible to sleep because the reversing alarms sounded exactly likealarm clocks. Furthermore the trucks were then noisily unloaded to the sound of machinery, shouts and vehicle horns. The noise levels were loud, despite all windows being closed. The reception staff feigned no knowledge of this problem, but as usual a local worker confirmed the problem was well known and stated it was partly because &quot;other hotels send all their rubbish there&quot;. Indeed early one morning there were several visits from rubbish trucks, belonging to a demolition company, into which numerous trollies full of what looked like building rubbiush were loaded and compressed, accompaniedby the usual high level of noise from the compression machinery. Did mention to the staff they should speak to whatever local government officer is responsible for noise prevention, but no interest shown. Hotel therefore not worth its premium rates.	
Sep 2 2007 	Beautiful Boutique Hotel	Just back from a three night stay at the Blakely and we loved this hotel! Preferring small, boutique hotels to big mega chain impersonal hotels, we decided on the Blakely based solely on the reviews here on TA. We were not disappointed with any aspect of our stay here...it was everything we hoped for and more. We had a gorgeous, immaculate suite on the 13th floor and loved the decor, the spaciousness and the very &quot;at home&quot; feel it provided after long days of sightseeing in the city. Housekeeping was excellent, all staff members were very pleasant and accommodating to any requests we had. It was hot and humid while we were in NY, but unlike other reviews, the a/c did a perfectly fine job keeping the room cool and if you flip the fan on in the living room of the suite that room stayed cool as well. The bathroom was not small as some reviews have stated and the vanity area provided more than ample room for all our personal toiletries. The Penhaligon toiletries provided by the hotel were a nice touch as well. Other in room highlights included the minibar/fridge/sink area and all the glasses, dishes, cutlery a visitor would need. Closet space was good and the in room safe where you set your own security code was appreciated by us.The Blakely is in a fabulous location for seeing so many of the wonderful sights of Manhattan. Cental Park is a short four block stroll away, Times Square is within walking distance, but we truly appreciated being far enough away from all the noise and congestion of that area of Midtown. Shopping, restaurants, a couple of really great bars are all within easy walking distance of the Blakely. The outdoor plaza just out the front door is a great spot to rest your feet and do some great people watching at the same time.We had a wonderful time and will definitely choose this hotel again when we return. Thank you, Blakely Hotel.	
Aug 26 2007 	Top location - Forget the breakfast	Having done lots of research in NY hotels looking for something a little special, we (wife and I - mid 30s) finally managed to find this little gem. It's location is excellent for a trip designed specifically for a bit of everything (sightseeing, shopping, entertainment or even some quite time). It's staff are friendly when approached and the quality of rooms are excellent - There has been some real thought gone into the internal decor making the rooms feel really relaxing after a long day on your feet. The rooms are on the larger size and to be honest we would skip the suite next time and opt for a double room - we never once stayed in the hotel long enough to use the extra space. The bathroom was superbly finished and extremely clean. The concierge was very good for local knowledge and the front desk approachable also.Nothings perfect! The first morning wee jumped into the restuarant for breakfast an were sadly dissapointed at the service and cost. Forget It - Head left out the hotel and pick either restraurant at the end of the block - Fully fuelled, you'll be ready for the day!Overall - If we ever return to NY we would definetly stay here, rather than risk a lesser experience elsewhere.	
Aug 24 2007 	Small but perfectly formed	We chose the Blakely hotel for our three night stay in New York after reading the good reviews on trip advisor and taking into account the situation of the hotel and the reasonable rates charged. As recommended by other reviewers, we chose a suite on a high floor and we were not disappointed. Our suite had a good size bedroom with an extremely large and comfortable bed and good quality furniture. The living area had a kitchen alcove with a smallish fridge, microwave, sink and two settings of cutlery plus plates, bowls, mugs, cups and saucers so we could have breakfast in our room each morning. The bathroom was a very good size and the rain shower was spacious and refreshing. The bathroom was larger than we have found in most other hotels we have used during our many visits to the States.The hotel is small and does not have the amenities provided by the likes of Marriott, Hilton etc. but it does have very helpful and friendly staff who are always ready to help. They directed us to the deli just at the end of the road where we were able to buy juice, fruit, pastries etc. and they organised a car service for us from the Brooklyn cruise terminal to the hotel and from the hotel to JFK - both of these at very reasonable rates.The Blakely is situated just south of Central Park between 6th and 7th Avenues and it is an easy walk to Times Square and the theatre district, to the Lincoln Centre, 5th Avenue etc. etc. but the subway was just on the corner of the road when we went further afield.The concierge was able to store our luggage when we arrived mid morning and again on the day we left until we left for JFK.We had a very comfortable stay at this hotel and would definitely stay there again and would recommend it highly.	
Aug 21 2007 	A nice suprise in NYC	We loved the Blakely. The location was great (easy walk to Times Square and Central Park) and the rooms where much more spacious than I anticipated for NYC. The rooms were also very clean. The staff and concierge service was also top notch. I would definitely stay there again.! The hotel also felt cozy in such a large city. Also, free internet service was available in the lounge.	
Aug 19 2007 	Hidden Treasure	I had to be in NY for a big conference and picked this out from earlier reviews, although I was puzzled why the last one was 2005. However, I suspect that Tripadvisor reviewers have been keeping quiet about this hotel in order not to swamp it with other customers.The Blakely is quite small - 100 rooms or so - with a limited lobby and range of services, but this means all your cash goes where you can feel it. Large rooms by NY standards, very comfortable beds, well-provided bathrooms and a very friendly and efficient staff team. Even the maids spoke reasonable English! The location is brilliant - Midtown and convenient for Times Square and Fifth Avenue, with good subway connections at each end of the street. 55th is not a busy through street, though so relatively little nighttime noise from traffic, etc. If I tried hard, I might complain about the noisy airconditioner and the jet of freezing air that it spewed out on the auto setting - but I have stayed in places that were far worse in this respect.	
Aug 18 2007 	Comfort service and location - terrific small hotel in NyC !	The Blakely is is comfortable is every way: the rooms are nicely furnished, the lnens are good quality, closets are roomy, the bathrooms are well-equipped, the tea/coffee self-service is convenient-- and it is nice having book shelves in the room, with hard-bound books !The Blakely really distinguishes itself in *service* ! I requested a room with a quiet location, and the request was honored with courtesy. When I arrived, the front desk, serviced by Marleni, confirmed a dinner reservation, and Marleni also took care of requests for small problems with the bathroom tub/drain, quickly, efficiently, and courteously.The hotel is located on a quiet (for NYC) side street, West 55th, about a block from Sixth Avenue, and near Seventh Avenue/Broadway--Times Square -- but the feeling is &quot;miles away&quot; from the density of those areas.The Blakely is great !	
Aug 17 2007 	Best kept Secret!!	It has been a few weeks since my stay at the Blakely and I am still shaking my head. Was this hotel for real? or was it just a dream? Amazing rates, huge rooms, beautifully appointed and the most comfortable beds in any hotel! Very quiet - a welcome escape from the craziness on the street! The restaurant was lovely with a very reasonable 'restaurant week' menu. The concierge and porters were very friendly and nothing was a problem. My only slight annoyance were the very zealous housekeeping staff who would enter the room as soon as they knocked. Point to note: Hang out the Do Not Disturb sign while you are in the room. Otherwise .. faultless. Do yourself a favour: STAY IN THIS HOTEL!!	
Aug 15 2007 	Great location 	We booked a one bedroom king for 8 nights.The location in midtown is great. The staff was almost always courteous and helpful.The noise level at night was only mildly annoying until the 6th night when there were doors slamming and other guests on the 9th floor coming and going as late as 4 AM. There were demolition activities going on at the Hilton across the street. I realize that noise was out of control of staff at the Blakely.The 7th night was dreadful with exceptionally loud and offensive noise: screaming, door slamming, and way too much exposure to the loud intimate activities of other guests on the ninth floor.Calls to the front desk brought assurances that the noise would be controlled but attempts at control were unsuccessful.Although I attended my daughter's wedding feeling unwell from 2 sleepless nights, there were no offers from management to adjust the room rates for those nights.The experience was disappointing after reading the great reviews for this hotel. Noise problems can happen anywhere but for the rates charged at this hotel, it seems reasonable to expect that problems be addressed or that some rate adjustment for the sleepless nights be offered. Liked: location, room size, pleasant staff, cleanliness, free wirelessDisliked: excessive noise, dim lighting in bath, musty odor in room when air conditioner not on	
Aug 9 2007 	Wonderful	We just spent 4 nights at the Blakely and found it to be an excellent choice. Rooms and location are excellent, you think you are miles away from any life but the reality is it is a few hundred yards away. The staff are top rate, they are friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. Recommended without hesitation. Even my kids loved it and nothing pleases them.	
Aug 8 2007 	the Blakely is a wonderful small mid-town hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Blakely for one week this July and had a fantastic experience. The room was extremely comfortable and quiet, the staff always friendly and helpful, and the location was excellent. The feeling of the hotel is small, personal and somewhat like a special hotel in London. We were exceptionally happy with our experience, and also strongly suggest you eat at the restaurant associated with the hotel. The service was outstanding and the food was spectacular. We are critical travelers, and will definitely return to the Blakely whenever we go to New York.	
Aug 6 2007 	Our Family Loved the Blakely	Our family of 4 recently returned from a 2 night stay at the Blakely Hotel ( 2 kids 8 &amp; 11)- We Loved our stay! Perfect location- close to central park, times square, subway yet far enough away so to escape all the craziness! With a family of 4 the 1 bedroom suite was awesome- plenty of room for all at we felt a great price for NYC. The staff was very friendly- we will be back!!!	
Aug 6 2007 	Loved The Hotel-Skip the American Buffet (Highway Robbery)	What a Great Hotel! Stayed in a one bedroom King suite which was ample room for A NYC hotel room. Although I agree with other reviewers, the lighting in the bathroom was a little dim. The staff was extremely curteous- checking and holding our bags for us since we arrived earlier than check in. Also, holding our bags for us the next day after we had checked out. One of the TV's in our suite was not working and was fixed within a half hour. It is quiet at night but still close enough to all the hot spots in the city.I am an extremely light sleeper and did not wake up once.Whatever you do, DO NOT go for the American Breakfast Buffet. It is outlandish to charge over $16.00 per person for cereal, fruit and toast. We ordered eggs and were charged an additional $10.00. A $50.00 breakfast???? Give me a Break! There is a Cafe accros the street- which we found out later. Othyer than that, would definitely return to the Blakely again.	
Jul 25 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	This was a fantastic hotel centrally located to some great sites. Just a few blocks from Times Square, Rockefeller Center, 5th Ave., Central Park and about 100 yards from a subway stop. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was actually quite a bit larger than I expected. It had hardwood in the hall and the bathroom was done in wall to wall granite tile. The linens were extremely clean and the bed was very comfortable. Another very nice touch was the free wireless internet access we enjoyed. We were able to use our laptop to fine tune our vacation as we went along. Really only two minor complaints....the lighting in the bathroom was a bit dim and the two elevators were slow and small. Overall, those two minor inconveniences were nothing compared to the positives of our stay. Will definitely go back to the Blakley again.	
Jul 24 2007	great hotel	We just returned from a girls weekend in the city and stayed here. It was a perfect size and location. The staff made us all feel comfortable and welcome.	
Jul 24 2007 	Clean Quiet Roomy Midtown Everything	We stay at Four Seasons and Hyatts all the time, but this time, visiting NYC, we decided to downscale a little. The suite we stayed in (#908) was a great surprise. The suite, which included a little living room with flat screen TV and a little coffee nook, was larger than we expected for NYC.It was completely up to date, with marbel floors and granite countertops. Clean as a whistle. The shower was the best I have ever had. No restrictors on here. The bed was perfect and the room also had a larger flat screen TV.Best of all, in spite of the mid-town location, right across from the New York City Center theatre, it was quiet! Made for great sleeping after walking all day.The staff was helpful. The location was perfect for walks to Central Park, the Theatre distict, 5th Avenue and Times Sq.The subway station was on the corner. Perfect. Not the Four Seasons, but next best. I strongly suggest this hotel for discerning visitors.	
Jul 21 2007 	Love the Blakely! But Skip the Restaurant:(	This was our second time staying at the Blakely. We have recommended this gem of a hotel to several of our friends whenever they are planning a trip to NYC. Great location, VERY helpful staff, rooms are spacious and very comfortable (especially the beds). My only complaint would be that the bathroom lighting is pretty poor, but the bathroom themselves are big and the shower heads to die for. Within easy walking distance of several subway stops (try hopstop.com for very clear subway directions from anywhere in the city), Central Park, Times Square, Broadway, 5th Avenue, Columbus Circle. Lots of convenient restaurants/cafe's/take-out nearby. Loved that they offered free wireless internet in our room. The only thing I wouldn't do again is eat in the Italian restaurant which is part of the hotel. Overpriced, portions VERY small, quality of food was just ok. Plan on booking your reservations at least 6 months in advance. The Blakely books up fast and for good reason. I'd never stay anywhere else in NYC.	
Jul 20 2007 	I Challenge You To Find A Better NYC Hotel	This was my second stay at the Blakely and this time I opted for a larger 2 bedded room at a rate of $1013 for 3 nights including taxes.Upon arrival, I was greeted by the same helpful staff which I recognised from my prior stay. Check-in was simple and smooth and our bags joined us in our room shortly after us.The rooms are cool, airy and spacious. The kitchenette is great and a morning coffee from the machine is a great pick me up first thing. The bathroom is superb with a huge shower cubicle complete with rain shower and Quercus bath amenities.I travel a awful lot during the course of a year and I am yet to find a more comfortable bed! They are huge and so clean and soft with the crisp white linen. Perfect end to a day - complimented by the flat screen TV!People occasionally mention noise from traffic but I was only on the 8th Floor and I heard nothing!Maybe this is common standard in NYC but I love the light dimmers on all the lights at the Blakely. Its great to get up in the morning and have a shower in dim light when your bleary eyed, helps you wake up in my opinion.I love this hotel and will be back as soon as I am next in NYC.	
Jul 3 2007 	Calm in the chaos	What a wonderful find. Recommended by Trailfinders. We stayed five nights in mid June 07. It was a calm, friendly little haven which was a wonderful 'bolt hole' when we needed a rest from the energy and vibrancy of the city. The location was excellent, the staff were extremely helpful and our room was comfortable with the little touches such as the fridge, microwave etc adding to it's facilities. The bed was one of the most comfortable we have ever experienced, incredible linen. Could do with some storage space in the bacthroom and a little more light. The lift also takes some getting used to, a little small and slow but not without character. The Park Cafe at the end of the street served an excellent breakfast and was full of locals, a good sign. We were going to stay at The W but when we saw it's location and the size of the place we were ever so pleased with our choice. Seriously recommended for a memorable stay.	
Jun 29 2007 	Brillant. 8 Days and we wanted more!	It is on the same street as the St Regis, and around the corner from the London NYC, the Ritz Cartlon and the Pensinsula. It is also around the block from the Moma, and two blocks from Central Park. with Madison Ave, Fifth Ave on the doorstep. And the subway to downtown across the Street.The Blakely has location.It also has brillant staff who make the place run effortlessly.This is not a five star, and that was just perfect.It was like living in a small intimate club, where you did not have to mingle with the guests and where everything was of a high quality from the Penhaligon toiletries, to the glassware ,the bed, the drapes, the flatscreen TV's and wireless internet access.We had a 1 bedroom suite and it felt like having your own apartment in Manhattan with maid service. The delis nearby made living extremely easy, and we would simply not go anywhere else in New York again. If you want trendiness and action then perhaps this is not the place for you. If you want comfort, efficency and space with a touch a of quiet style then you will not be disappointed. A great experience.	
Jun 27 2007 	An Oasis in NY	This was our first trip to NY and had agonised over which hotel to stay in.We considered the usual suspects, but decided to go for a smaller hotel with a bit of character.How pleased we were that we chose the Blakley. Although on first impressions the outside is a little dowdy, once inside it is a peaceful ,calm , oasis.The staff were fantastic, couldn't be more helpful and always cheerful. Our room was delightful if not a little compact.The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in, including my own.Also the little kitchenette was an unexpected bonus.Our room was on the 14th floor at the back of the hotel (no nice view) but we were not disturbed by any noise at all.We actually looked forward to coming back after a hard days sightseeing and the location couldn't have been better, walking distance to all the major sights.We did not eat in the restaurant, (too many other places to dine) but it was always busy and looked very nice.We would definately recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Jun 24 2007 	good hotel for first-timers 	My husband &amp; I are frequent visitors to the city and always looking for somewhere great to stay. This June we brought along our nephew who had just graduated from high school for a 4-day trip to see the sights for the first time. The Blakely was an excellent choice in a city where you can spend $$ and get very little in return. Our room was on the 7th floor and large by NYC standards. (Two double beds, desk, table &amp; chair, and stiil room for the suitcases) The beds were HEAVENLY, marble bath and digital shower were spacious and the refrigerator, microwave &amp; coffee machine were a nice touch. I worried about the absence of an ice machineon the floor, but each time we needed ice the front desk sent up a bucket pronto! The yellow-line subway is @ the end of the block(57th st. station) and 2.5 blocks to the Park. It was a great place for all the sight-seeing we did with a newcomer to the city. This hotel was clean, comfortable and convienent. The only thing that happened to make me raise an eyebrow was a somewhat rude bartender in the restaurant next store. But I'm over it now. We will come back and stay again!	
Jun 15 2007 	Enjoyed our Stay	We stayed at the Blakely in late April, 2007 in a one bedroom suite on the eleventh floor and enjoyed our stay. We found the location to be convenient for the plays and operas we attended, and we liked the convenience to the subway and to Central Park (a few blocks away). As for the hotel facilities, the beds were incredibly comfortable; the hotel is nicely decorated; and the suite was spacious (our nephew, who lives in NYC, says it was the size of his apartment).We dined twice at the in-house restaurant and were happy with the food.We did find that, despite being on the eleventh floor, the street noise was still sufficiently loud that we ran the air conditioner at night to drown out the sound. We also found that use of the elevators was very difficult at checkout time (around eleven) on the Sunday we were there .We booked the hotel direct about six months ahead of time and got a fabulous rate. Overall we were happy with the hotel and would stay there again.	
Jun 9 2007 	Love the location inadequate air-conditioning in one-bedroom suites.	I just spent several days at The Blakely New York in a one-bedroom suite. I had stayed at the Blakely before and love the location and staff. However, due to this being an old building (as are most hotels in NY) the air-con is completely inadequate in the one-bedroom suites. There are only actual air-con units in the bedrooms, then fans in the ceiling are &quot;supposed&quot; to pull the cool air around the rest of the suite. They don't do the job! By the time two of us had showered, we could never do hair and make-up in the bath because it would be so hot that one would need an additional shower after getting ready. We repeatedly complained to managment, who I must say were quite kind - sending someone to look at our air-con every time - but in the end, they admitted that its &quot;just the way the suites are&quot;. I'm sorry -- I just can't recommend the one-bedroom suites at the Blakely although I would have no problem giving their other rooms high marks.Again, the location is great. Easy subway access only half a block away. Masses of good restaurants within easy reach. A gentle walk to all the shopping, to museums, to the Upper East and West Side and just a hop into Central Park. The staff is attentive and pleasant.Bathrooms could use better lighting for make-up. My favorite rooms are the kings with sitting area in the same room. Nice size. This hotel is amazingly quiet. I have had rooms on the second floor, street side and slept through the night without hearing a thing -- and I am an extremely light sleeper.	
Jun 9 2007 	Nice hotel great location several problems to work out though	Blakely HotelNew York, New YorkWe stayed at the Blakely Hotel for 3 nights, and it was a roller coaster ride. We arrived after a red-eye and needed to sleep at 10:00 AM. We had told the hotel we would need a room early if at all possible. The night before, we called the hotel to verify our request, and the Concierge told us the hotel was not booked and it looked good for us when we arrived early.However, upon arrival, the first staffer who heard our plight told us no one could check in before noon. But then a second staff said to wait, and she found us a room. We felt lucky she was around to try to accommodate. The rooms are beautiful with a small flat screen TV, refrigerator, microwave, tiny kitchenette with full table service for two. The pink marble tub was nice, with a freestanding sink (no room to lay out your bathroom stuff).However, I was immediately appalled that a $300 a night room did not have fitted sheets on the King Bed. I cannot see why hotels do not have fitted sheets. It is unbearably uncomfortable when you sleep and the flat sheets that are too short to be tucked in are wrapped around your body all night.We asked Housekeeping to bring up a King fitted sheet and a young man brought us a tiny Twin bed fitted sheet and left us to put it on. In the first place it was not the correct size by a long shot, but did he really expect us to make up our bed? I guess so. We complained to the front desk but she did not seem to know what to do. We threw the twin sheet in the corner.The rooms are quiet for the most part. The doors are cut a full inch from the flooring and you can hear anyone out in the hallways quite clearly. However, deep inside your room beyond the bathroom, it is quiet. The second day of our trip our toilet backed up. The maintenance man came to look at the problem before he told us he had to go back and get his plunger. Why hadn’t he brought it in the first place? It’s the only tool you really need for a backed up toilet. Ah well. After he fixed it, it was fine the rest of our stay.Our finest contacts with staff were always with the doormen. They were the best, especially Rueben. He really went the extra mile for us, even when it was raining (there are Blakely umbrella’s for all guests) and when we were late to our dinner reservation, he practically knocked down a cab to get him to stop and pick us up. He was wonderful in so many ways. He suggested breakfast places, etc. Others who worked in front gave us great maps for the subway and were really helpful.Unfortunately for everyone staying this past week, both the elevators broke down. I am not sure what someone who had a disability had to do, but it was bad enough for all of us who could walk. My husband and I had to walk down all 10 flights of stairs and this is what made us late to our dinner one night. However, when we returned six hours later, the elevators were still broken. I was exhausted as you often are after a long day of sightseeing and shows, etc. I almost burst into tears, but there was no point to that. The Blakely had no way to get its customers to their rooms except to have them walk upstairs. We happened to be on the 10th floor. So, we trekked up, trying to laugh and say this would be a good memory. Throughout the elevator incident, the doormen were STILL the only staff eager to assist. They offered to carry us up (kiddingly), carry our food or packages for us, and kept smiling through it all. These guys are indispensable and should be given hefty raises. We tipped as much as possible. I would probably not stay at the Blakely again, despite it being a very pretty hotel in a great location. They really need to work on their housekeeping, front desk staff attitudes, the maintenance of the elevators and toilets, their linens, etc. Then, and only then, can this be the great hotel written up about in many magazines. (I wonder if those doing magazine reviews even stay at the hotels they write about?)	
Jun 8 2007 	Excellent value	Stayed 4 nights in May. Superb location, high quality staff, well maintained and managed. We were initially shown a 'smoking' room (didn't know such still existed in NYC!) with a musty smell but happy to stay as windows opened to freshen room. A/c rather noisy. Good sizeable bathroom. 'Au Bon Pain' across street excellent for b'fast. All in all a great stay at a good property and even at $2=£1, good value	
May 30 2007	Great Hotel	My daughter and I stayed at the Blakely Memorial Weekend. The location was perfect, just at the edge of all the hustle and bustle of midtown. As soon as we turned the corner we were where we wanted to be ,well within a short walk from all the broadway theatres, restaurants and shopping. We found the staff to be attentive and couteous. When my daughter commented on a staff member's glasses, she even took the time to write down the designer's name and share it with her. We also requested a high floor which was granted without a problem.We stayed in a one bedroom suite which was spacious and spotless. We had a choice of a rainshower bathroom or a jacuzzi bath. We chose the rainshower and were very impressed with the water pressure (my daughter loved the tile in the shower and how large it was). When we go back the next time (and we will) we will try the jacuzzi bath. The beds were comfortable and we had no problem with sound from other rooms. We found The Blakely to be a quaint hotel with exceptional service.	
May 30 2007 	Outstanding!	Stayed at the Blakely for 6 nights as part of our honeymoon. Booked it direct which was an easy process and cheaper than booking through Expedia. Concierge was fantastic and organised the car to collect us from the airport at very reasonable rates. Also had great knowledge of the area and places to visit and eat.We booked a 1 bedroom suite which was lovely and apparently large by New York standards. (if not as big as what we had just left in Las Vegas!) It had a kitchenette which was very usefull as we could cater for ourselves if we wanted. Bed was amongst the most comfortable we have encountered and the wife loved the bathroom!Fantastic location with easy walking access to Time Square, Rockerfeller Centre, Central Park, 5th Avenue and Broadway to name but a few. Buses and subway available at the end of the street. You can stay for cheaper in New York, but why would you when you can stay at The Blakely..................fantastic hotel and fantasic service. Will definately stay again next time we visit New York.	
May 18 2007 	Great Hotel with Awesome Location	Stayed here May 9-13 on recommendation of a friend. It is a smaller hotel that you don't get lost in. I would definitely return to this hotel. We rented a suite and was very happy with the space. Location for visiting New York City is very good - minutes from Central Park, Theater District, Times Square, Habor cruise, Rockefeller Center - walking was no problem from this location. Neighborhood market is at the end of one block, 2 Deli's are across the street and there is a restaurant next to the hotel, as well as each corner either direction. Staff was very helpful in securing last minute theater tickets - great seats as well. I don't think you will be disappointed staying here.	
May 14 2007 	Just as nice as people say	We stayed at The Blakely for 2 nights this past weekend while we attended a family wedding. Our room was on the 14th floor across from the City Center dome. Quiet and sun filled. I'll agree with everyone else's comments about the comfort of the bed. We slept very well. The bathroom is nicely appointed although I would have appreciated a better quality hairdryer, brighter lighting, and more room for toiletries, especially since I was getting ready for a formal occasion. The concierge made an appointment across the street at a hair salon -- either Dario or Danio -- for styling before the event and they did a lovely job. The restaurant adjoining the hotel -- Abbocatto -- is very very good Italian food and offers room service from around 11am until midnight or so and it is not overpriced for the quality. It arrives within 15 minutes of ordering. It was fun to stop in at the restaurant's bar (just off the lobby of the hotel) before going out for the evening and when we returned for a nightcap. The restaurant staff was welcoming and accomodating. Have a glass of prosecco and a small plate of Frito Misto. Delicious! The location was perfect for walking to MOMA, Central Park, Times Square, etc. My only complaint was the strong scent of the lilies in the flower arrangement in the lobby. It didn't bother me, but there are some people who might find it a bit overwhelming. We parked our car in the garage next door -- they don't have valet park, but the front desk will call ahead to have the car &quot;ready&quot; for you if you let them know you're leaving. All in all, we had a perfect stay at a hotel that has a nice kind of European feel to it. We loved every minute of our stay there and will go back again. I'm already trying to figure out reasons to go back!	
May 7 2007 	met all expectations	Just returned from 2 nights at the Blakely Hotel having decided on it by reading these reviews. It was everything we had hoped for. Located in a quieter side street, we had no problems with noise. We were on the 12th floor facing the dome of the theatre opposite - so nobody overlooked our room. The room was clean, cool and comfortable. The desk staff were helpful and efficient. We had dinner in the attached restaurant on our first night. This was comparable in price to here in Bristol UK, although the wine was pricier. We had a glass each - and although costly it was of excellent quality. We had fish which was beautifully served and cooked. Portions were european sized - which suited us down to the ground. The MD deserves a mention - very helpful and accommodating. Thoroughly upmarket experience in all. We did not have breakfast there - but went to the stage deli (did not know it was famous!) great baguls and smoked salmon and bottomless tea and coffee. Can thoroughly recommend the Blakely hotel for it's proximity to central park, food, and metro stations too. Am really hoping we can return one day.	
Apr 25 2007 	Great location large rooms excellent shower lovely toiletries	Many people have said they found the staff not very helpful - but I must admit I found them both pleasant and helpful.My first impression of the exterior of the hotel, the lobby and the corridors was not all that good. It just felt a little dark and cramped BUT as soon as I got to my room that changed! I have heard rooms in NYC are small - ours was huge! Also the bathrooms was great with the best shower I have ever had in a hotel - it was digital with excellent pressure! The penhaligon toiletries were lovely as was the location of the hotel - about 15 mins walk to times square - so close without being to close to the chaos.I think it is best to book direct as I got a slightly cheaper rate that way.With some hotels, the lobby and exterior is nice and luxurious but the rooms are not. With the Blakely - it is the other way around - a much better combination any day!	
Apr 18 2007 	"Start spreading the news..."	I've been a yearly or bi-yearly guest at the Blakely (formerly Gorham) Hotel in NYC for over twenty years. Each visit just gets better. I often wonder - is this really the best hotel property in NYC? I comb the hotel and travel sites, visit web pages, but in the end, I continue to book at the Blakely. Why? Convenience, comfort, ambience, decor, cleanliness, safety, and service, service, service. These are not attendants or a staff, they are people with names, helpful faces, encouraging knowledge of the vast city. From Betty in reservations, to the front desk attendants (Sherwyn and Alex are great) to the concierge staff (Jonathan, Edouardo, Reuben) to the doormen, bellmen, housekeeping staff, these people become your family during the stay. The rooms - luxurious - always spotless, flawless, welcoming, comfortable. The marble baths, the kitchenettes, the beds - oooh - the beds. Rooms are almost too comfortable to leave. Bars, bodegas, breakfast diners, great dining, grocery stores, and the Carnegie Deli within five minutes walk. During my recent stay, 4/11-4/17 - my party was scheduled to check-out on the 16th. However an unexpected Nor'easter kept us extra days. The hotel staff were immediately at my disposal promising us our room, even under over-sold conditions, and any other assistance to make us feel welcome, allay stress, and to get us home quickly and safely. NYC has much to offer - great theatre, incomprable dining, Central Park, tourist sites, shopping, but at &quot;the top of the list&quot; - the Blakely on W. 55th. Your home away from home &quot;in the city that never sleeps. Surely Kander and Ebb had the Blakely in mind when they wrote their anthem, &quot;New York, New York.&quot;	
Apr 4 2007 	Service and style	We will stay here again! My wife, myself and our 18 year old daughter shared a very comfortable room. The pillow top mattresses are wonderful, the rooms are spacious and the amenities were superb. The room was very clean, housekeeping was excellent. The concierge(s) was extremely helpful and handled all of our questions and needs. We were on the 8th floor, street side so there was some noise, but nothing to keep us awake. The mini fridge allowed us to have breakfast in the room so we could hit the ground running. The coffee was excellent, although we could have used more than a one cup maker. The only real complaint is that the duvet had a tendency to slide off the bed while we were sleeping.We booked this room directly through the hotel, after searching tripadvisor and others for the best rate. We paid a little more than we could have but the extra cost was well worth it. Great location to Central Park, the museums, restaurants and easy subway access to downtown. We will definitely stay here again. TC, MI	
Apr 2 2007 	What a great place to stay!	What a great property. The room (king bed) size was totally adequate for two people. It was very quiet at night for the big city. The only disturbance was from a few garbage trucks servicing the nearby Hilton. The room including the bathroom were clean. Service to the room was great. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever seen in a hotel. This was good as both my wife and I had colds during our stay and appreciated the clean comfortable beds. The staff was friendly and helpful. My only tiny complaint was that they should provide more shelving in the bathroom for your toiletries and a little brighter lighting. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip to NYC.	
Apr 2 2007 	Good Stay at the Blakely	We had an awesome stay in NYC and enjoyed the Blakely immensely. My boyfriend had a gift certificate for 2 nights, and after a little confusion at the front desk as to what type of room we requested, Michael the manager, gave us a studio suite on the 15th floor.The room was very spacious, with a hard wood foyer, a small kitchenette (microwave, dishes, fully stocked honor bar/fridge). The room had a king bed, with a couch, coffee table, &amp; lounge chair. There were 2 terry robes in the closet, as well as a safe, iron/board. We could have used more hangers, but made do. The bathroom was rather smallish, but very well-appointed with marble countertops, sewing kit, lotion, shampoo, etc. Staff were very friendly and accommodating, esp. the attentive bellhops. The hotel’s 2 elevators were very small &amp; claustrophobic, and the mirrored walls didn’t help. We had to wait 10 minutes for an elevator during checkout.We had a couple of expensive drinks in the adjoining restaurant, Abboccato. The restaurant looked nice enough, but there were other restaurants we wanted to explore. Location of the Blakely was excellent, on 55th St. between 6th &amp; 7th Aves, walkable to Times Square and Central Park. I’d highly recommend the deli “BenAsh” around the corner from the Blakely on 7th Ave. There were long lines at the Stage &amp; Carnegie delis, but we never had to wait at Benash and the food was just as good with HUGE portions. We especially loved the chocolate martinis the waiter behind the bar mixed, he was awesome.All in all we had a good stay at the Blakely &amp; I’d highly recommend it.	
Mar 30 2007 	Best deal in mid-town Manhattan	My wife and I stayed at the Blakely on March 9th, and again on March 21st to 24th following a Holland America cruise. It's about the most conveniently located hotel in mid-town, within easy walking distance to theatres, 5th Ave shopping, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and numerous restaurants. Their staff is most helpful, whisking our bags to our room in short order. Check-in was a breeze. The rooms are clean, well appointed, modern, and quite up-scale. The king bed was about the best I've experienced in any hotel. They also have complimentary high-speed wireless internet I suggest a higher floor to reduce the noise level from the city that never sleeps, which is tolerable most of the time from the 10th floor on up. This is New York, right? The Concierge helped us get Broadway tickets to the new David Hyde Pierce musical, Curtains. As it turned out they got us opening night tickets on March 22nd. What a great experience.The rooms have flat panel TV's, coffee makers (with tea choices as well), a small microwave, and a small fridge. There are reasonable restaurants and delicatessens on the corners of 55th at 6th and at 7th for reasonable breakfasts. What a convenient spot!This hotel is highly recommended, and I have travelled throughout the US, Canada, Europe, and Asia, so that’s saying something. Both my wife and I will be coming back. The Blakely is a great find.	
Mar 26 2007 	Can't praise it enough	This hotel has everything.- great location- very large comfortable rooms- fantastic quality beds and bed linen- (changed every day) was so great we wanted to bring it home with us!- complimentary bathrobes- friendly and helpful staff- tea/coffee facilities, microwave and fridge/freezer- high quality furnishing In fact everything you need to make your stay in New York a success.	
Mar 18 2007	The Fantastic Blakely	Just returned from a family reunion in NYC. There were six women, ( two New Yorkers) and we all loved the Hotel. Perfect location, moderately priced ,wonderful appointments in the room, delightful staff, lovely restaurant with great martinis. We could walk almost anywhere. I ran to Central Park daily. It took 3 minutes to run there. The last morning I used the workout room which was adequate. It had everything that was necessary and a flat screen T.V.Some rooms are larger than others so request those rooms. There is not too much of a view, but how much time do you stay in a room in NYC?A bonus is the free internet in the lobby as well. Also across the street is a FABULOUS restaurant called Milos's. A memorable meal.	
Feb 24 2007	Loved the Blakely	One of the best places to stay in midtown! Beautifully decorated room with high quality linens and toiletrees. Within walking distance to broadway theatres, Rockafeller Centre, Central Park and 5th Ave shopping.If you like smaller hotels with outstanding service...than this is the place for you! The double room was fine for a family of three (with a teenager daughter)..the free wireless in the room and lobby was a bonus. Although the bathroom was small, it was well designed (no wasted space).It is my first choice for lodging in Manhattan for both business and leisure travel..	
Feb 3 2007	Great rooms in a great location	We stayed at the Blakely for 2 nights last month. The rooms were spacious, nicely decorated and very clean. We didn't find the rooms noisy but we can imagine if you were a light sleeper you might hear the traffic noise, although there was a very effective black-out blind. The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed we have ever slept in, with lovely bed linen. Bathroom was very small but well appointed with a fantastic shower. There were lots of mirrors which increased the feeling of space.There is a nice lobby area with free internet access, and attached to the hotel there is a restaurant and bar which looked very nice and was very busy, but we didn't have a chance to eat there. We would definitely stay at the Blakely again if we return to New York.	
Jan 19 2007 	Great Location Great Service Comfortable Rooms	This hotel was a great find. Small hotel with intimate lobby and large guest rooms. Staff was excellent, very welcoming and accommodating. The rooms are spacious and the beds are very comfortable. The baths are all marble. There is a wet bar in the room with mini frig, microwave and coffee maker with complimentary coffee and tea. The New York Times is delivered to each room every morning free of charge. The location is perfect. Centrally located and easy walking distance to most major museums, theaters and attractions. Great assortment of restaurants and dining options up and down 55th. We opted for a light breakbast each morning at an Au Bon Pan right accross the street. The only negatives were windows that didn't seam to close tightly allowing some cold and street noise into the room and we could hear voices from an adjoining room occasionally but not terrible. Our room faced 55th. Perhaps rooms facing the rear should be quieter or ask for a high floor ( we were on the 7th floor).We will definately stay here again on our next visit.	
Jan 5 2007 	superb stay	this hotel gives 5 star service and very high quality rooms. The position is just about as perfect as you could want 1 block from the park and 5th avenue, 5 mins walk to times square and subway right outside. The staff are very professional and the large rooms are out of this world. We loved the stay and and all about this hotel. GO THERE.	
Jan 1 2007 	A Terrific Boutique Hotel!	This was an absolutely lovely hotel with a terrific location. The staff was friendly, our suite well appointed with all of the amenities we required including 2 flat screen televisions, a mini fridge, great shower and soft beds. When we called down for extrea pillows, towels and blankets, they arrived within minutes. Based on other reviews, I did ask for a room at the front of the hotel which they accomodated. In the future, I would also request a room on a higher floor - we were on the third floor and the street noise was high but this is NY. We would definitely stay at this hotel on our next visit!	
Dec 29 2006 	Beautiful Blakely	I stayed at this hotel Nov. 28/29 with friends. Too bad we only had one night; we all loved the Blakely! Terrific West side location surrounded by lots of restaurants. Subway is right outside. Wish we had time to try the Italian restaurant in the hotel; menu looked impressive. Huge room; spotless; modern take on British decor; flat screen TV/CD players. Loved the marble bathrooms and the &quot;computerized&quot; shower (You punch in the temperature you want) Great water pressure. Hated to get out of the comfy bed. Hotel was very quiet; there are only a handful of rooms on each floor. Some street noise outside, but this is New York! In-room safes, plenty of storage space. The lifts are tiny, however, but fast and efficient. Will absolutely return. This is a sister hotel to the Elysee, another favorite.	
Dec 18 2006 	Excellent!	I stayed for two nights 12/15-12/17. The hotel location is near perfect as stated before given its close proximity to Central Park, shopping on 5th Ave, the Theater District, Times Square, etc. I did not have any issues with noise though I did call a few days beforehand to request a high floor. I was thus very satisifed with the 14th floor. Some people mentioned a long wait for the elevators in the morning but I never experienced issues coming from near the top of the hotel. Rooms were very nice and I did not quite understand previous complaints. The bathroom was exceptionally clean. I will acknowledge that the TV was on the small side, but if you are staying over in the city, you are likely not watching much TV in your room. In summary - I found the hotel to be a great value around the holidays. I booked early in k the year and likely saved significantly. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 18 2006	A great stay	Stayed at the Blakely in June after reading the Tripadvisor reviews.The trip was a 21st birthday present for my daughter and the hotel staff pulled out all the stops to make our stay really something to remember. We were upgraded free of charge to a suite and my daughter was presented with a bottle of wine &amp; chocolates. Lovely touch.Our suite was lovely and the bathroom was superb. The shower was so large you could have put 4 people in it easily (if you were so inclined!).The staff were welcoming and helpful and a special mention for the concierge guys who were always on hand to give useful advice on the subway, places to eat, plus places to avoid.Would be hard to find a better located hotel as Central Park was only a few blocks away and Times Square &amp; most other attractions were easily within walking distance.Already planning a return trip to NY &amp; will definitely book the Blakely again.	
Dec 3 2006 	A very nice stay	The Blakely Hotel is in a great location near shopping, Central Park and Time Square. The rooms are a decent size and nicely decorated. Only sheet and bedspread on the bed not giving much option for coverage. We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 13 2006	Highly Recommended	This was our second trip to New York, and our first stay at the Blakely. We found the hotel by searching the Internet. Our 6 day stay, was superb. The hotel is within walking distance to Central Park and Times Square. The room was very large (2 Queen beds), extremely clean, and quiet. The restaurant and bar attached is fantastic, and the staff at the hotel and the restaurant are very helpful and friendly. The food prices are a bit pricey, but well worth it. I would highly recommend this hotel for a New York visit.	
Oct 10 2006 	Blakely fanfastic Hotel	We have just come back from a wonderful holiday in New York. I have wanted to visit New York since I was a child. Now approaching my 50th birthday and my husband just having celebrated the same age birthday we decided to go on a dream holiday with our 2 grown up daughters to New York. We stayed at the Blakely Hotel on 55th street and it was brilliant. The staff were very helpful, the rooms were old world style with clean bed linen every day. The bed was one of the most comfortable I had ever slept in. In fact everything about the Hotel was well above our expectation. The hotel was within walking distance to Central Park, Bloomingdales and Time Square. We had a fantastic holiday. Thank you Blakely Hotel	
Oct 7 2006 	I can see why visitors from europe would like this	After having read the other reviews, I found my experience was somewhat consistent with others' experiences.This is a boutique hotel - it was renovated over a few years back. I would guess it was a hip destination for a short while, but it seems like now it's starting to lose its lustre, and I think it's due for some sort of renovation.First - the rooms are OK. As far as NYC goes, they're on the smaller side. They do have flat screen televisions, but they are very small and the picture quality is poor because they are not receiving any HD signals. The carpets and furniture are showing signs of wear (example - the sitting chair in my room was covered in a felt or velvet-y material, and looked like it was worn out where your butt and back would hit if you sat against it). Likewise, the rooms need to be repainted and the carpets are starting to show wear and stains.The bathrooms, similar deal. They were probably great when the Blakely opened, but for whatever reason the showers have seen their share of abuse and have that dirty appearance even when they are clean. The shower is also a jet-tub, and there is crust/calcium accumulating on the jets and on the nozzles of the shower heads. The tiles on the floor are starting to discolor and crack.The restaurant is OK - but then again, this restaurant is not why you're probably in NYC. Service was great. The breakfast is not very good but dinner is definitely worth checking out.If any of this doesn't bother you, you will probably really enjoy the Blakely. Service there is excellent - the staff is both friendly and helpful. It does make up a lot for any of the shortcomings, which, everyone may not find to be as big of a deal as me.The location is good if you want to be near times square but not in times square, but I think there are better options all around for what a room at the Blakely costs.	
Sep 22 2006 	It has location but it's not that special or luxurious	For our first stay in New York my husband and I decided to book The Blakely for a 4 night break purely based on the reviews on Tripadvisor.We stayed on the 7th floor overlooking 55th street after reading reviews but were woken up at 6:00am in the morning by noise from traffic and workmen not a good start. The Blakely really needs triple glazed windows for a peaceful nights sleep.The lobby of the Blakely seems dark and in need of some light by changing the dark furniture and highly patterned carpets for bright clean colours. We were not helped by the bell staff with our luggage from our taxi. The Blakely hotel rates averaged at $450.00 per night for 4 nights, felt a bit ripped off compared to other US cities, but everywhere in New York was equally excessively priced for what you received in return. The staff were friendly and helpful but our interaction with them was minimal. Francisco the Concierge was particularly helpful in arranging our tourist days out before our arrival by e-mail but unfortunately we never saw him during our stay. The lifts are small if you have a lot of luggage and take forever. The hallways are dark and narrow. The rooms themselves are smallish and bland and because of the dark furniture they looked dowdy - but it was clean. The bathroom is bright but small. The Blakely does have a superb location for walking to Central Park and Times Square and Rockefeller centre. We didn’t eat breakfast in the hotel but there are two restaurants that seemed to be open all the time on each corner of the street (turn left out of the hotel door) and a café across the road selling coffee, pastries and fudge filled doughnuts from 7:00am. If you are heading back to the airport ask the hotel for a Lincoln car to take you rather than using a taxi it’s only a few dollars more and makes all the difference.	
Sep 12 2006 	again and again	Have stayed 5 times this year. Each time gets better and better,.When comparing prices you are not going to find a better deal that offers comfort, location and attention. Try a Litlle restaurant called LA VINOTERIA, a hblock away from the Hotel on 55th. Its great.	
Aug 24 2006 	Would never stay anywhere else in NYC!	I have stayed at the Blakely three times and recommended the hotel to my sister. She stayed at the property last March with her family and loved it. Many other people have written in the reviews about the great location and customer service of the Blakely. Here are some other small details that make this hotel a big plus.1) They only fill half of the mini fridge with hotel items. The bottom half is left free for your personal use. A generous gesture.2) The taxi fare from JFK into the city is a standard rate of about $49 (including tolls, excluding tips). HOWEVER, the rate from Manhatten back to JFK is not standard. The Blakely offers a town car service for the price of $59 back to the airport. This service was SO much easier to use then a shuttle and we felt so pampered!3) If you have the need for one, try out one of the suites. My sister's husband snores very loudly and the whole family was able to get some sleep with him in another room. I went to NYC with a female friend and she said she did not hear any noise at all in the suite area whereas I was woken up each day by the sound of jackhammers and other city noise. The door between the bedroom and suite is solid core. The suite area has closets, drawers, plasma TV, and a fold out sofa bed.4) Book through the hotel directly. On their Web site, they listed their suites as being $400, yet when I called the hotel on another matter, I discovered that they were $285! Don't know why they do that, but I would call the hotel to verify any prices that you see on the Web. I travel extensively for leisure and the Blakely is a true hidden treasure. Have a great time in NYC and stay at the Blakely!	
Aug 17 2006 	Great place to stay	Our first stay in New York and we were not disappointed with our choice. We picked this hotel out of the brochure because it had a kitchenette, always useful when travelling as a family and checked it out on tripadvisor. The reviews were favourable and I agree with positive reviews here.The room was spacious for four of us with two large double beds. The kitchenette had a microwave, fridge and coffee machine with complimentary tea and coffee. The bathroom was large with the best shower we have ever had in a hotel room, bath robes, and a large deep, bath.TV, CD and DVD player in the room and air conditioning which we needed as temperatures were up to 95FThe room was a non-smoking room, which we requested but as it was only on the second floor there was quite a bit of noise from the street outside which I suppose you do expect in a city.The hotel is well located within walking distance of many tourist destinations and close to bus and subway stops. Easy walking to Central Park, Times square and Broadway and shops on Fifth avenue.We would recommend this hotel to friends and family and would stay again.	
Aug 15 2006 	Amazing!	My family and friends (in total 8 of us) stayed at The Blakely Hotel in New York for my 21st birthday celebrations between Dec 13 and Dec 19 2005. Lets just say we were not disappointed!When we arrived we were greeted by 2 bellboys with luggage trolleys who offloaded our luggage from our taxi without even being asked. Then we were shown to reception and given our room keys (we had 4 rooms) and escorted up the stairs. The hotel is quite small, i think only about 9 storeys high (which in NYC is tiny!) and each floor only had about 5 rooms. The room we had was on the second floor and faced the road, which, although was busy, you couldn't hear a thing which was great. There was 2 huge double beds (one each for me and my sister!) and a desk, 2 comfortable chairs and huge plasma tv, mini bar, fridge, sink and in the closet there was an iron, hair-dryer and 2 courtesy bathrobes (but these were so small i think only a child could fit in them!)The room even had air con (not needed in -10 degree weather but still there if you go in the summer!)The bathroom was lovely, mirrored all round and the bath was heavenly to sit in- it was curved to fit the shape of your back so you could easily stay in there for hours! Overall, it had everything we wanted and to be honest, even if it wasn't to the high standard we found, it wouldn't have mattered because who stays for long periods of time in their hotel room in New York- only very odd people who shouldn't go to NYC!!!Downstairs in reception there are plenty of seats and the concierge had an array of information on restaurants, the tourist attractions and could answer any question you threw at him. Though one word of warning, don't be advised on what resturants he suggests, because we tried a Chinese place he recommended and it was awful- we were well and truly ripped off!Overall The Blakely is in an ideal location- a few blocks from Times Square (close enough to walk to but far enough from all the noise) and had everything you needed for a short break in the city. There is also a subway entrance at the end of the street! Oh and the beds- are to die for! Like sleeping on a cloud I'm sure!	
Jul 12 2006	Another wonderful stay	Hi, we stayed here again over the 4th of July holiday and had another wonderful stay. The staff were great as was the room. Great job!	
Jun 3 2006	Very Comfortable	We had a suite for a family of 4. The babies cot fitted into the bedroom with plenty of room to spare and the day bed made a good sized bed - although my mother did not think it terribly comfortable- at least it looked it. The room and facilities there in were wonderful. It was the tiniest bit noisy in the morning with the rubbish truck - not enough to wake the little one- but I suppose the same could be said for most places in the city. The restaurant was really great and the service overall was fantastic- just one slightly disinterested concierge- but the others were great.	
Jun 2 2006	Would be perfect with duvet	Great location, friendly staff, reasonably priced... The rooms are spacious and the finishes are quite nice. My only complaint is the blanket, which is not the duvet that most new or newly renovated hotels use. No noise problems at all.	
Jun 2 2006	Wonderful stay	I booked a two night stay here after finding most of the usual hotels fully booked and the lesser ones charging rates double the usual. I booked based on the many favorable reviews on this site and decided to take a chance. As it turns out, we were given the penthouse suite because the hotel was booked up when we arrived! We really lucked out. The room was HUGE. There was a kitchenette wtih microwave, coffeservice, mini fridge/freezer, serving items. A fully marbled bath with jacuzzi. Tons of closets. Giant comfy bed, gorgeous linens, flat screen tv, couch, chairs, table &amp; chairs. And best of all - a roof deck! Two spa loungers, table and chairs, and a really nice view. The room was spotlessly clean. Surprisingly quiet - I usually wear earplugs in NYC and ddn't need them. The service was excellent. All the amenities at a great price. Really handy location. We didn't need room service but that may be a problem for some - not much to be had in the way of breakfast, etc. But who cares! The whole city is outside the door. I will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 1 2006	Great Location/Some Problems	While the location of the Blakely is wonderful (within walking distance to MOMA, great restaurants, shopping, Times Square, etc.), we unfortunately encountered some problems. We requested and confirmed by phone the day prior to arrival a non-smoking suite because of health issues. Upon arrival, we were assigned a smoking suite. One sniff of the room sent us running back to the front desk where we were told the only non-smoking room available was a regular room. We asked to have them switch us to a non-smoking suite as soon as one became available and were told that that wouldn't be possible. Kind of surprising considering we were there for an entire week. The front desk staff was very young and could use some coaching on being more friendly and accomodating to their guests. Since this is a small hotel, I expected more friendliness. I don't believe anyone at the front desk ever smiled. On a more positive note, our encounters with the housekeeping staff were very positive and the doormen were helpful and overall very friendly. The worst part of our stay was all of the nightime noise. Our room overlooked an alley where we witnessed a scary fight one night and were awakened each morning by garbage trucks picking up the trash from the huge hotel (can't remember the name!) behind the Blakely. The clanging and banging started at about 4:30 am and continued for over an hour and a half. It wasn't just kind of loud, it was incredibly loud and none of us were able to sleep through it. If you're a light sleeper, you should request a room at the front of the hotel. This is a nice hotel that needs a bit of tweeking to make it great.	
Jun 1 2006	Great Small Hotel - Wonderful Staff	Have meant to write this since my friend and I returned from our trip - April 27 to May 1st in NYC. The Blakely (formerly Gorham) had been recommended by relatives and was well reviewed on Trip Advisor. Now I know why!!! It was a boutique hotel at a reasonable price.We were taken up to a well appointed room overlooking the street. It had a new TV/CD/DVDflat screen, wonderfully comfortable beds, a large marble bath/shower and a small kitchen area with microwave, refrigerator, and sink. The coffee maker was one cup, but we had no problems making two as it brewed quickly. I am a light sleeper, but the noise level was not badesp. for NYC. It is in a great location, within walking distance to many attractions.The concierge, Shay, was most helpful as were two others that we called on. They were always ready with suggestions and directions. We felt quite welcome there. Shay helped arrange a car to return us to JFK and was the price of a cab. The driver was extremely polite and courteous.My friend and I are planning a return trip ASAP!!!	
May 22 2006	n o i s e y !!!!	based on tripadvisor reviews i booked a stay at the blakely and was pretty disappointed. The main reason was 'noise' . Constant 'noise', I moved rooms once, from the front then to the back and there was always some source of noise (garbage trucks, buses, sirens, construction). They need double/triple pane windows. I was ineffective in my business meetings due to the lack of sleep even with earplugs, needless to say I would not stay here again. No way. If you can sleep through anything then this could work for you.	
May 18 2006	Let's not get too carried away	Look,Tthe Blakely does have a great location and the rooms are spacious by New York standards but if you are expecting service here, you won't get it. I'm not talking forelock-tugging obsequiousness, just a smile and a willingness to accommodate. Having stayed at the Shelborne Murray Hill and the Waldorf on previous visits to NYC we were looking for something in between and The Blakely fits the bill. However, our stay was marred by a lack of friendliness in the staff. Most of them seemed very young and I suppose this is their &quot;other&quot; job. There is definitely a difference in hospitality staff who make it their career. The guys on the door are fine. The desk staff are the problem. Gee smile now and again okay. Our main complaint, however, was that we requested a late checkout (ie, an hour later than their late checkout of 3pm) as we were flying back to Australia and would have liked to freshen up beforehand. Also, such long flights require you to be at the airport 3 hours before takeoff and we didn't want to be there any longer than necessary. The hotel manual in the room reads as if this is not a problem. We were informed by a man at the desk (wearing a beige uniform) that it would probably not be possible but that if we paid half the daily room rate ($200 plus for an hour extra) it would be possible. Mmmm Nice. I wasn't seeking any compensation for the fact that the construction work next door going on during all hours of the night kept me awake or that the light in the bathroom was inadequate, or that the hairdryer in our room needed replacing. How far do you think I would have gotten it I did. It wasn't the fact that they couldn't accommodate us for the extra hour that left me with a bad taste, it was the fact that they could for a fee. A large one. Oh and when our final bill (including $60 a day in taxes) was given to us we were charged for 1 beer and a Jack Daniels from the mini-bar at $25.00. We didn't use the mini-bar once and when we said it wasn't ours we were met with very unbelieving looks. Having had almost universal praise on Tripadvisor (that's why I booked the Blakely) I feel like I am swimming against the tide here but if its room size and location you are after then the Blakely is still a great option. And maybe it is used mostly by business travellers who aren't interested in the hospitality end of the hotel stay but, if you are staying for pleasure then you might like a bit of friendliness too and and not a everything-for-a-price mentality.	
May 15 2006	Second Stay as Good as the First!	This was my second stay at The Blakely. It's a sweet little hotel with a GREAT location to shops, theatre, subways. Service was excellent. Rooms are spacious (by NY standards). Concierge was very helpful and made all restaurant suggestions/reservations. No disappointments. Would definitely stay there again!	
May 15 2006	Lovely hotel no problems whatsoever	I have no complaints at all about this hotel. I stayed here with my mother for 5 nights. We had booked a twin room but got upgraded to a very spacious suite upon arrival, at no extra cost to us. This was especially convenient. The little kitchenette area is really handy. There are jacuzzi settings on the bath - excellent! The rooms were a little dark but Im sure thats the same all over New York - we were only on the 5th floor. the subway station is actually on the same street so this was really convenient too.	
May 7 2006	Delightful	Thanks in part to the other reviews posted here, we spent 4 nights at The Blakely. I hope that all the positive reviews don't mean that it becomes so popular that I can't get a reservation there next time we visit New York.The location was great, but despite the very central location, our room on a upper floor at the rear was very quiet. The room itself was relatively spacious by New York standards, comparable to a standard hotel room at almost any other location. The furnishings and amenities were well thought out. Loved having the microwave and mini-fridge. They even provided silverware. Free wireless Internet access worked without a snag. My only quibbles--minor ones, to be sure, were that the bath towels were a bit on the skimpy side (though plush), and I would have liked a slightly larger and hotter hair dryer. (Hey, remember when hotels didn't provide hair dryers? I shouldn't complain.)The staff was extremely polite and helpful.. We ate one evening at Abboccato Ristorante next door and the food was outstanding.	
May 3 2006	A little gem of a hotel	I stayed at the Blakley in April 06 for 4 nghts and it was just as the other reviews said very Clean, with comfortable beds, lcd screen tv and friendly staff. I booked this hotel because of the reviews given so thank you to all that have recommended it. When I return to New York I will be staying at the Blakley.	
Apr 30 2006	good value great location	ten of us stayed at the end of april in a suite and two queen bedded rooms for 3 nights for my sons wedding. i have visited new york many times but this hotel is the best value i have found. the rooms are larger than average and have all the facilities of a higher grade hotel. wireless connection,plasma t.v. dvd player and extremely comfortable beds. the staff were very friendly and the adjoining restaraunt and bar good value. we paid an average of 260 dollars plus tax which is without doubt the finest value in new york particularly considering the location which is a stones throw from central park, 5th avenue and times square. will certainly stay again.	
Apr 27 2006	Great location	We stayed in the Blakely for a week over Easter. We were very happy with our room as it is quite big by NY standards and the location is fantastic with lots of great restaurants nearby. However I was really disappointed with the hotel restuarant as it gets great reviews and we had been looking forward to dinner there. The bread was stale, the service poor and some items on the menu not available. It wouldn't put me off the Balkely though and we found the staff in the hotel itself very helpful.	
Apr 18 2006	Great location	Our first family trip to New york. We booked a room at the Blakely because of tripadvisor recommendations. We loved the spacious suite with 2 queens and sofa/day bed. Very Very comfy beds. Wireless internet, and two sleek LCD TV's. Loved the granite bathroom with showerhead from ceiling. The Bradley was close to MOMA, Carnegie Hall, Central Park. Walked to theatres, Times Square, Grand Central, Rockefeller... Unfortunately we had to leave because of the demolition noise outside our room. There was not much anyone could do about it. We were sad to leave. If we visit New York again, we would stay at the Blakely!!	
Mar 27 2006	Fantastic manhattan hotel	This was my first time in New York and the Blakely enhanced my trip no end. The hotel is situated 2 blocks (5 min walk) from central park, 5th avenue and Braodway and I would highly reccomend it to anyone visiting NYC. &quot; 2 mins from 57th Ave subway as well.The room was exquisite with a marble batroom,wooden furniture and a flat screen TV/DVD player and I had booked a standard room! The hotel is fairly small so if your looking for a big city hotel with it's own shops and set of restatants then this is perhaps not for you however the blakely does have it's own reataurant and bar where they serve breakfast lunch and dinner. Excellent room service also available. All of the staff were extremely helpful and were very accomodating with any requests that I had. Highly reccomend it to anyone who want's to see NYC in style!	
Mar 18 2006	Blakely Bliss!	Great location was the main reason for our choice, but our stay was enhanced by friendly staff, excellent accomodation and service.Was given a free mug as a souvenir of a great stay!No hesitation in recommending it to you.Enjoy!	
Feb 21 2006	Best value in NYC	This was my 2nd stay at the Blakely in less than a year, and I and my 2 traveling companions were very pleased with the accomodations. The suites are large by NYC standards, very well appointed and very reasonably priced. The Blakely is conveniently located to B'way theaters, Central Park and endless shopping along Madison and 5th Aves. The staff was extremely courteous and very responsive to our needs. Will definitely stay at the Blakely whenever I travel to NYC.	
Feb 17 2006 	Blakely and the Blizzarad	Just got back from NYC and the &quot;Blizzard of 2006&quot;, stayed 4 nights at the Blakely and enjoyed it. Absolutely perfect location, walking distance to all of midtown. Right near some great restaurants (try Del Frisco's for steak and Angeolo's for pizza). Nice people, but a few problems with Housekeeping. Very small and slow elevators, comfortable beds and plenty of water pressure.	
Jan 28 2006	The Best!!	After reading the impressive reviews of the Blakely on Trip Advisor, I decided to stay there in October 2005. As one who has also stayed at the Manhattan Club and the Helmsley Park Lane, I can honestly say that I would choose the Blakely over the others without a doubt. I went with 2 friends and we stayed in the suite with 2 double beds and 1 sofa bed. The suite was beautifully appointed, spotless, quiet, and best of all, spacious. We encountered some of the most wonderful, attentive hotel staff I have ever met. In fact, upon offering a tip to the bellboy after delivering our bags to the suite, he politely declined (we gave it anyway) stating that NYC was expensive enough and to save our money. As there was only 1 laptop computer in the lobby, of course it was being utilized when I wanted to look up dinner options. The front desk clerks were nice enough to obtain permission for me to use the computer in the manager's office. Upon checkout, another bellboy allowed my friend to keep the hotel's logo umbrella as a souvenir. Due to the intimate size of the hotel, we literally felt like cherished friends of the staff instead of just hotel patrons. The hotel's location is great as well. It is minutes from Times Square, the great shops on Fifth and Madison Avenues and Rockefeller Center. Furthermore, there is a subway station on the same block just seconds from the hotel's entrance. Stay at the Blakely and you won't be disappointed! I recommend Pick a Bagel for a great inexpensive breakfast and Pazza Notte for a tasty Italian dinner in a hip, trendy (yet loud) atmosphere (both are within walking distance as well).	
Jan 15 2006	Blakely a Good Choice	The Blakely is a well located, comfortable hotel. My husband and I stayed there for two nights and would choose to do so again, if we wanted easy access to MOMA, the theater district, and shopping streets.The hotel is narrow - the entry and lobby area felt somewhat cramped and our room, while good sized by NY hotel standards, also seemed like a tight fit. Nevertheless, a lot was available to us in that space, such as a spacious closet, a small kitchenette, and a flat screen tv.Staff members were cordial and eager to be helpful, the umbrella stand had lots of loaner umbrellas, and free delivery of the New York Times was a winner!Carol L	
Jan 11 2006	A Magic Christmas At the Blakely	We stayed for 7 nights from Christmas Eve,2005 and had the most wonderful time. We travelled with our 2 boys ages 12 and 10. The Suites are great for a family...particularly with the kitchenette. Everyone at the Hotel made us feel very special. The Italian Resturant in the Hotel is superb..the Wine Waiter certainly knew his wines ! The Greek cafe across the road... Milos was also fantastic. A magic location... a short walk to Radio City, Central Park (where the kids did skateboarding and ice skating), MOMA, Times Square and the shops. A Magic Christmas in NYC. The best hotel during our 1 month stay in the USA.	
Jan 11 2006	Excellent choice	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for our first anniversary. We wanted a place which was centrally located, yet quiet; had spacious rooms; was tastefully furnished and romantic. The Blakely was all of these things and a perfect choice for anyone - there was a real mix of guests there including younger couples, families with small children and older people. The rooms were incredibly quiet and relaxing, really nicely done out (comfortable ralph lauren kind of style)and kept spotless.This was a great place for a first time trip to new york, being close to central park and walkable to almost everywhere except far downtown - which was easily reached on the subway. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 10 2006	Great Hotel	The Blakely was a great hotel. It was great value for money, rooms were a good size, location was great (in the centre of everything). The staff were very helpful and the restaurant was very nice indeed. I could not recommend this hotel enoungh, you will get a great experience of New York for a very inexpensive amount.	
Jan 9 2006	Excellent hotel	My husband and i have just spent 5 nights at the blakely and we had a brilliant time the rooms were spacious and very very clean, the location was great not far to walk to central park, times square etc i would definitely recommend staying here i cant wait for my next trip to new york il definitely be booking to stay at the blakely again.	
Dec 15 2005	Lovely Hotel	We go to NYC every Thanksgiving and have stayed for the last few years at the Doubletree Times Square. This year the Doubletree was booked, so we decided totake a chance on The Blakely, as we wanted a suite hotel for our family of four. The descriptions on the Blakely's internet site sounded nice, but we knew that it might not live up those descriptions.We found the suite to beautifully appointed with hardwood floors and oriental rugs. It was also very roomy, with a sitting area and work desk in the bedroom in addition to the living room. The entire hotel has free wireless high speed internet access. My only small complaint is that there was more street noise filtering into the room than at the Doubletree.We had a lovely stay and next Thanksgiving, we will look to the Blakely first.	
Dec 15 2005	Would definately go back!	This hotel is ideally placed to explore new york city! the staff are friendly and the rooms are more than comfortable with dvd players and flat screen tv's! safety deposit boxes are provided free of charge! would definately reccommend this hotel!	
Nov 22 2005	Great stay	We were looking for a hotel in Midtown, close to the Hilton (not a favorite). The Blakely met our needs perfectly. The rooms were good sized and comfortable. Loved the convenient mini refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker. Shay, the concierge went out of his way and all of his restaurant recommendations were on the mark.The lobby is cozy and the communical computer station is a nice touch. The adjoining restaurant featured a unique Italian menu and New York City prices, but worth it.All in all, a hit.	
Nov 16 2005	Very Pleased with The Blakely	Having visited NY on 7 seperate occasions from UK I found this the best hotel so far. Ideal position on W55th between 6th and 7th Avenues, you are surrounded by a plethora of delis for your Breakfast. The Carnegie Deli is a 2 minute walk for eg.I booked a car by email with them to pick me up at the airport to take me to the hotel. Worth doing as their car company have luxury vehicles for the same price as a yellow cab!Rooms are great, modern and by the way if you do intend to enjoy them and are not a night bird, take a CD or DVD or two with you as they have players and LCD TV's. Whirl pool bath too although they are a bit small to lie in!Recommended	
Nov 12 2005	You will be pleased	My wife, 2 sons and I stayed at The Blakely for 3 nights in early November for the New York City Marathon. The rooms are very nice (large by NYC standards), bathrooms well appointed, a great shower, clean. Best of all the location on 55th is ideal; close to theatre, Central Park, restaurants etc. The staff was fine, but concierge service left room for improvement with many communication snafus. All in all a good find	
Nov 5 2005	Very comfortable beds	Virtually no public rooms and we certainly did not have red lacquer furniture in our bedroom. However the beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was spacious with a good shower. The towels were very poor : too small and barely absorbant. Hotel is well situated, with very good diners and delis close by for breakfast. The Carnegie deli is outstanding but portions far too big. Brooklyn diner and europa cafe very good. Try the Fontane di Trevi in 57th opposite carnegie hAll for an authentic NY Italian dining experience.	
Oct 5 2005	Best beds in New York and great for babies!	My husband, mother-in-law, 6-month old baby and I have just returned to the UK from the US, finishing with a 4-night stay at The Blakely which I cannot recommend highly enough. From the wonderfully appointed rooms complete with kitchenette (invaluable with a baby in tow!) to the location (5 mins walk from Central Park and 5th Avenue), to the staff, the ambience, the decor - and last but not least - to the beds! Wow! THE most comfortable beds I have ever stayed in! What a find! We will definately stay again and have recommended it to all our friends! A true gem in NY.	
Oct 4 2005	The Blakely is super!	I used to stay at this hotel years ago on business when it was The Gorham, so I already knew the location could not be beat - and was happy to hear of the upgrade. Last week my friend and I met in NY to see Spamalot (great) and we chose the Blakely based on the location and the Tripadvisor reviews. We were more than pleased with what we found. My room was a nice size (much more spacious than the Algonquin, for example), the furniture was well-selected and looked new. Bed was very comfortable, too, with fresh, elegant linens. Everything was very clean and perfectly attended to. The kitchenette (complete with minibar) was elegant, also granite, spotless, just right. Microwave, coffee maker, multiple packs of coffee, even wine glasses and corkscrews. They anticipated every need, like a well-appointed boutique hotel should. The bath (I am VERY picky about the bath) was lovely. Not huge, but just fine, an ambiance of elegance, with a sparkling granite topped sink, good amenities, fresh-smelling and fluffy towels. Moen fixtures, looked brand new. And I loved the addition of the hand-held shower and the push-button thermostat. Nice extra touches. The bar(&amp; restaurant) off the lobby is elegant, and makes a very good Cosmo. I ate there my last evening, as my friend had left for the airport, and was served at the bar - the bartender took great care of me and helped me select something good and an appropriate wine paring... I had the scallops, a generous portion as expensive restaurants go, delicious, very nicely plated. Yes, expensive (my Cosmo, wine and dinner was $65 before tip). But I would recommend it.I will definitely be back. If you like elegant little boutique hotels like The Orchard in San Francisco, The Raphael in Kansas City, or are a fan of the Sofitel chain, you will also love The Blakely. And to top it all off, it's a good $50. a night cheaper than a comparable space at the Hilton New York, which is almost next door. Loved it.	
Oct 2 2005	Almost Booked the Blakely...	Called to book for a fun filled Christmas holiday vacation, but the Blakely reservation staff refused my request for guaranteeing a non-smoking room, even after explaining that my daughter has asthma and cannot stay in a smoke-filled room. They explained that my request may be honored, if a room is available. I interpreted that as you have to take what you are given! Well, reviewing all of the TripAdvisor reviews on all NYC hotels, we decided that staying at the Newark Airport Hotel is far better than in NYC. The $ savings significantly offsets the cab costs.	
Aug 16 2005	Great hotel tucked away on 55th St... Great value!	Having been a NYC resident for over 10 years, I am picky when it comes to finding the right place to stay on my visits, now that I don't live there any longer. The Blakely turned out to be a pleasant surprise. It was truly a home away from home! My previous stays in places like the Ritz on CPS was nice, but a little too touristy for me. I thought I found a place to go back to when I stayed at the Shoreham, but the Blakely beats it by far. The rooms are nice and spacious, even with 2 huge suitcases sprawled on the corner. The beds are comfortable, bathroom feels brand new, and the kitchenette really helps for week-long stays. The hotel accomodated my request for a room facing 55th St on as high floor as possible. While the 7th floor room they got me didn't clear the theater right in front, it was bright enough during the day. If you're looking for an in-between of the grand, world-wide chain hotels and the stylish but cramped, tiny rooms of new designer hotels, the Blakely is your solution. While I checked out of this hotel completely content, there are some negative points I should point out for your references. (1) The staff seems to be inexperienced, in general. Especially the bell boys. (2) I'm surprised no one has commented on the elevators... They forgot to renovate the SLOW, OLD elevators. I don't know how many times I had to wait forever downstairs to catch one. (3) The space under the door to the rooms is quite big... You can see if the lights are on inside the room from the hallway... also hear people talking in the hallway. (4) The lobby was completely unattended a lot of the times... even late at night. It made me wonder about security. (5) There was one male staff (most likely a bus boy from the restaurant), who made me feel extremely uncomfortable while stuck in the elevator with him. Not something you'd expect from a hotel staff... maybe out on the streets of NY!.... Overrall, a place to go back to!!	
Aug 1 2005	beautiful	i stayed one night here with my daughter. the staff was superb and the beds are the most comfortable hotels beds i have ever slept on. i would highly recommend this hotel. i also got a great deal on priceline.	
Jul 31 2005	Great hotel - shame about (some of) the staff	The hotel is lovely. The rooms are clean and newly refurbished. Our key kearning point has to be don't accept a room on a low floor - the traffic noise from 5.30am with deliveries is unbearable and makes sleeping impossible. The bins are emptied at 2am too!The restaurant is fantastic - breakfast is just so civilised if a little expensive. The bar staff and waiters are excellent. Steaming hot coffee after a day sight seeing in minus 10 temparatures will be an enduring memory.So what's the problem then?? The reception staff couldn't have been less helpful - one young lady in particular!!! I'm sure we got her on a couple of bad days but when you're only there for 5 it tends to stick in your mind.Overall, a lovely place and worth a visit.	
Jul 22 2005	One to Remember - True Treasure	After checking on tripadvisor, we chose the Blakely. The staff accommodated our late arrival (airlines 24 hour delay) without any extra charge. The location was central to attractions, subways, theatres and Central Park. We obtained theatre tickets, attraction info, and great suggestions for dinning from Blakely's staff. The deluxe room was much larger than we anticipated, knowing the space restrictions in New York's heart. The king size bed was changed each day, unlike many hotels. The kitchenette with microwave, fridge-freezer and coffee maker were perfect. The availablity of computer connection for my husband kept him in contact with the world, while I could steal away to the quiet of our large jacuzzi tub. I recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York for the first time, as it's location is so central, the room so restful, and the staff willing to go out of their way to make your holiday/business trip &quot;one to remember&quot; as a True Treasure. Just think, the second trip will be a breeze, just book the Blakely.	
Jul 20 2005	Best kept secret in New York!	We stayed at the Blakely for a week in late June. We loved it! There were four of us in the room, but it was organized so well that it didn't feel crowded. We asked for extra hangers and were given 12! We asked for extra towels and got 8! We ate breakfast every day and most dinners in the room. The housekeeper gave us 4 fresh sets of dishes and cutlery every day when she made up the room. There is a Whole Foods in the Time-Warner Center and an up$cale grocery called Klein's around the corner. The bathroom was a good size, well lit, with a lighted makeup mirror. The tub was very deep for soaking those tired legs and feet. The lobby is tiny, and there is no gift shop, ice machine or pop machines. This hardly matters, as there are small takeouts and newstands right outside the door. The location could not be better - two blocks to the Park, a few more to the Time-Warner Center, and east side shops nearby. The subway is at the end of the block. There is a Hertz location right next door. The staff was very helpful and pleasant. The rooms were very well soundproofed. We had neighbors on both sides and never heard them. New York cannot be soundproofed, but we ran the fan setting on the a/c all night and that helped. This hotel is a wonderful New York secret!	
Jul 20 2005	The Blakely is GREAT!	Stayed at the Blakely for a weekend visit to NYC in early July. We shared 2 rooms - one suite with 2 queen beds and one deluxe room, also with 2 queen beds. The rooms were connecting and we found them both to be extremely comfortable. The beds and linens were wonderful. The bathrooms were a little cramped, but nicely decorated and clean. I would stay here again, as would each of my 4 travelling companions. The service was great - very helpful, not intrusive.	
Jul 8 2005	Nice place	We just returned from very enjoyable stay at the Blakley New York.It is hard to find, as it is half way between 6th and 7th Aveson 55th St. Great location - a few blocks to Times Square - a few blocks to Central Park - half block to Subway entrance.Its lobby is nice but small. Our room was large and very nicelyappointed. King bed with sitting area and desk, separate wet bar withmini-refrigerator. Extra large bathroom with oversized jet tub.Housekeeping was very helpful with extra towels etc.Lobby has complementary Internet access and extra umbrellasfor your personal use, which came in handy one evening.The only negative is there is not a TV in the bar.We would definitely return.	
Jul 6 2005	Great hotel	We ended up at the Blakely by default, as we'd booked the Wellington Hotel (opposite) on Expedia to find on check-in that some clients had not checked out and our room was not available.The Blakely though proved infinitely superior, in fact it was a shame to leave.The rooms were 'sooo' comfortable and spacious (which is a novelty for NYC) with a marble bathroom. Tea and coffee provided along with a microwave.Would strongly recommend this hotel if not above your budget.The hotel restaurant is a classy italian one, which offers a great theatre menu if you want something great to eat (and maybe a bit special)	
Jun 20 2005	Great hotel in superb location	My partner and I stayed here for 8 nights in June. We booked the hotel solely on the reviews on tripadvisor and we weren't dissapointed. The room was small but we had no complaints as regard to the amenities. Kitchen area and flat screen TV were a nice touch.The staff were always helpfull and the location was superb - practically between Times Sq and Central Park.We will definitely be looking to stay here on our next trip to NY.	
Jun 13 2005	Great Find	Great room with microwave. Small lobby, cute fitness center. Everything was just fine. No complaints.	
Jun 6 2005	A Super Find	A beautifully renovated, convenient location hotel at a reasonable (for NY) price. Room was tastefully done with a homey feel. Service is exceptional. Will stay there everytime we go to NY.	
Jun 4 2005	Great value for money.	The Blakeley is definately worth staying at. Tasteful decor, huge rooms for NYC, which are clean and well appointed. There is a Hertz rent a car next door, two good places to eat opposite and plenty of restaurants etc within a 5 minute walk. Central park and Times Square are 5-10 minures walk. The street is quite at night. There is even a subway entrance at the end of the street! The staff are polite and attentive. We paid £500 for 4 nights which gave us a double bedded room. Compared to previous hotels we have stayed in NYC this is worth every penny.	
May 31 2005 	Fantastic hotel! Highly recommended	Great hotel, fabulous location and large rooms for NY! We stayed here for a week in May and were very happy with the rooms, the location and the hotel in general. Nice to have a kitchenette although it would be great if the coffee makers could make more than one cup at a time. The decor is very tasteful. Nice TV's with CD players. Soft beds. I will stay here again!	
May 10 2005	great location	Location is great - renovation was donee tastefully and well - we had stayed when it was the Gorham, and this is a considerable upgrade. blri83@yahoo.com	
May 6 2005	Gracious and nearly perfect	We spent the fourth week of April at The Blakely in a non-smoking studio suite with two queen beds, exactly what we requested when we booked four months in advance (directly with the hotel on its web site) at the rate of $275 per night plus taxes. For NYC we consider this an excellent value.The room was large, the decor was lovely, the little kitchen area was a great convenience. We especially liked the arm chair with ottoman and the sofa from which to view the flat panel TV in comfort; the New York Times at the door on weekdays was a great touch. The room (#1008) was at the back of the hotel, with good natural light and very little street noise. There was also no noise from the hallway since, at The Blakely, there are just eight rooms per floor. Coming in through the small lovely lobby and going up in one of the two wood-paneled elevators made us feel like we were entering our own little NY apartment.The cleanliness here is 5 star perfect and the maid service was faultless. Doormen were very pleasant and helpful, but not always right at the door (they also serve as bellmen). By email and phone Bridget was patient and very helpful in assisting us in choosing just the kind of room we required.This hotel does not try to rip off its clients with little fees (here incoming faxes are free, use of the computer and printer at a desk in the lobby is free, etc.). In our entire week only the pretty marble bathroom was less than perfect: the lighting was not good for make-up or shaving and there was not enough room for personal items on the counter. We left a note for the manager suggesting they install a lighted shaving/make-up mirror and add a small chest or set of shelves. Given the high standard of this hotel, we would not be at all surprised to find these items in place on our next visit.The location on west 55th Street between 6th and 7th Avenues was exactly right for us -- half a block to the 7th Avenue subway, a block and a half to the downtown buses on 5th, two and a half blocks to the uptown buses on Madison, easy walking to theatres and many shops, around the corner from the Museum of Modern Art. The choice of restaurants in the area is outstanding; within a block from the front door you'll find everything from the Carnegie Deli and Fluffy's Bakery (fantastic NY style cheese cake) on 7th to the superb Brasserie LCB and the sweet La Bonne Soupe on 55th.What we cannot understand is why the listing for The Blakely on Trip Advisor gives it just 2 stars. True, there's no swimming pool, no bar or lounge, no business services, no ballroom, but as a quiet, comfortable, convenient place to stay in New York, the Blakely deserves 5 stars.	
Apr 27 2005	Charming boutique hotel in great location	Had a very pleasant stay last week. comfortable accommodations and cordial staff. Rooms can be dark;lighting in bathroom makes it difficult to apply makeup! Rooms facing 55th can be somewhat noisy. But great value and convenient to everything! Restaurants and shopping close by. Definitely, a find.	
Apr 27 2005	A real find in New York	We have just returned from 4 days in New York. We booked the Blakely Hotel through Trailfinders and would highly recommend it both for it's high standard and it's location. The rooms are spacious, beautifully maintained and extremely comfortable. The only downside was the traffic noise.. ...probably hard to escape in N.Y. and we did have a room at the front on a lower floor. The staff were pleasant and helpful. There is a very attractive bar and restaurant. Within a few minutes walk you are in the heart of the city. Definitely a find!!	
Apr 25 2005	excellent hotel	Me and my daughter (7 years old) spent 5 days at the Blakely last week and we had a wonderful time.The location is really good, the beds are soooo comfortable and the staff very kind and lovely.The room (double bed) had a kitchenette very useful if you need to eat something without having to go outside everytime. I'd recommend this hotel to anybody!	
Apr 11 2005	Fantastic Hotel	Well the reason my girlfriend and I stayed at the Blakely Hotel was due to reading the reviews on tripadvisor. We stayed for 5 nights and every one of them was great. The beds are soooooo comfortable. The staff were lovely and very helpful (especially Eddie - very nice chap indeed). I'd recommend this hotel to anybody. Great Location, great hotel, great staff, GREAT!!	
Apr 7 2005	Perfect Stay!	My boyfriend and I had a fantastic time at the Blakely last June. Although things were still under construction, we were not bothered in the least. What a charming hotel! We loved the free breakfast coupons for the diner next door. A great start to the day! The location is great. Within a five minute walk to Times Square, and a two minute walk to the subway. Our room was spotless, elegant and extremely comfortable. Not a great view (a building across the street), but the comfortable bed makes up for it! The staff was helpful, courteous, and extremely professional. The desk clerk was a little annoyed that we asked for a late check-out, but I am assuming this was because we waited until the last minute! Stay at the Blakely if you want a quiet getaway in the hustle and bustle of Midtown!	
Mar 21 2005	great hotel	The purpose of my trip to NY, was to visit with my mother and see a Broadway show. There was limited time, as I only had the weekend. After three nights at &quot;typical hotels&quot;(I had just completed a business trip)...two nights with a room in front of a forever beeping elevator and one night next to a group of college students who came in at 2:30 am and awoke at 6 am...the Blakely was a well needed break. The two bedded rooms were sold out and I lucked into an upgrade. Quiet, sophisticated and pleasant, would be my definition of the Blakely. The location is great. I read a review that said the bathroom was dark for putting on make-up. That would be my only recommendation...a little more light in the bathroom. I found the staff to be quite friendly and accomodating. Would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 11 2005	We've found our ideal NY hotel	We've been visiting Manhattan for the last 7 years and have stayed in lots of hotels including the Plaza, W, Salisbury and Wellington but in the Blakely we think we have found the best combination of services. We stayed March 5th - 9th. Why did we love it?The location is fantastic, right between 6th and 7th Av's so Times Square, 5th Av and Central Park are all less than 10 mins walk. There are stations for 2 different subway lines a couple of minutes away so it's easy to get home when you are tired of walking.There are lots of great places to eat nearby at any time of day, grand or more basic - diners on 7th Av or Broadway for breakfast are great (try corned beef hash at Applejacks 55th and Broadway). Round on 57th Street there is a Pizza take-away and Starbucks. The mini kitchenette with crockery, cutlery, microwave and fridge is useful if you do want to eat in.Why you might want to eat in is that there are a good selection of in-room movies. Don't know how much they cost as actually we found some good films on the standard channels on offer. Flat screen TV is v nice.The rooms are lovely - much cosier than the minimalist hotels that have been popping up in the last few years. Everything is smart and new, with matt silver light fittings and handles. The beds (we had 2 Queens in our Deluxe room) were the comfiest we've ever experienced in a hotel. Nice touches include dimmer switches in the main room and bathroom, granite surfaces and in-room safe.Our room was on 55th street which we'd requested as we like to see what's going on on the street, and it wasn't noisy.Fitness room is now open for those who want it and we found the staff really friendly.Anything to complain about? The light bulb in the walk in closet had blown but we didn't bother to report it as it was light enough.So, whilst you could easily walk past this hotel and not notice it, we'd recommend you try it (and we're quite picky!).	
Jan 31 2005	A great option	I stayed at the Blakely for a few nights following Labor Day, 2004. Although parts of the renovation were ongoing (no room service yet), I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel. My room was stylish and well-appointed. The plasma TV was a nice touch, and the kitchenette was very useful and convenient. The room wasn't all that spacious, but it was fine by NYC standards. The staff was friendly and eager to help; one of the doormen even offered to pick up some takeout for me. If you are expecting a 5-star, knock-your-socks-off full-service hotel, then you may be disappointed. But if you're looking for an attractive, well-located, and well-priced boutique hotel, this is a great option.	
Dec 31 2004	Wonderful Hotel 	Four of us ladies took our annual trip to NY in Sept. 04. We tried the Blakely for the first(but not the last) time. Although the dining area was not complete; everything else made up for it. We booked a suite and will do so again next year. There was plenty of room for all four of us. If you can please four women at one time; you've done something and the Blakely did. We were treated like royality our whole stay. We would and have recommended the hotel to any and everyone. Give them a try!	
Dec 30 2004	Disappointed in renovation	As former Gorham customers, we liked the new beds...but otherwise we found that the Gorham's charm, friendly staff, and warm touches (like the fruit bowl in the lobby) were GONE. The rooms were so dark we couldn't put on makeup. It's still an excellent hotel...great location, clean, quiet. But, it is so cold and masculine now....staff was so detached and we were very sorry about that.	
Dec 19 2004	Another Great Stay	I have stayed many times at the hotel when it was The Gorham. I am handicapped and while at The Blakely, just recently, my health suffered a decline. The staff could not have been more helpful or considerate - from the housekeeping staff to the doormen to the front desk. The newly renovated hotel is as lovely as described and the amentities are wonderful. The location can't be beat and it's terrific value for your dollar. Everytime I entered The Blakely, it was like coming home and you don't always get that feeling in a hotel. Congratualtions to management and staff for a job well done. I will be back and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone.	
Dec 11 2004	Very helpful staff comfortable room	I stayed at the Blakely from Nov 11-16 and have to disagree with an earlier reviewer who was there at the same time. There was a doorman on site every time I entered or left the hotel and they were VERY helpful. The day we left they stored our luggage and even remembered to pass on information about a broken suitcase from one to the other at shift change. They ordered us a town car to take us to the airport and when we got out at the airport and realized something had been left in the car, the doorman was able to reach the town car and send him back to the airport with the item before our plane left!! The hotel itself was beautiful. I had stayed there when it was the Gorham and liked it then, now it is wonderful. It's hard to find a room as well appointed with the kitchen, large bath and large room in New York City. I can't wait to go again!!	
Nov 23 2004	Not if a non-smoking room is important to you	The Blakely has potential to be an excellent hotel, but in my opinion it has a fatal flaw; a reservation does not guarantee a non-smoking room; this &quot;amenity&quot; is treated as a request, the same as asking for a particular room or view. When my husband and I checked in for a 3-night stay on November 10, we were shown to a room which assaulted our senses with the stench of cigarette smoke. Thinking it was a mere oversight, we called the desk to change rooms, only to be told that the hotel was sold out and the only available rooms were smoking. Furthermore, we were told that although the room could be changed in the morning, we would have to &quot;check-out by noon and could not have the new room until 3 PM.&quot; It was late and we were too tired to find another hotel, so we reluctantly stayed in the smoking room with an ionizer provided by housekeeping, which did little but make noise. The next day, a non-smoking room materialized in the morning and the rest of of stay was pleasant. Management confirmed several times however, that &quot;non-smoking&quot; is a &quot;request,&quot; not an assured &quot;room-type,&quot; so I would not return to The Blakely unless this policy changed, nor recommend it to anyone who desires a non-smoking room.	
Nov 21 2004	Blakely Hotel	This newly refurbished Gorham Hotel had a lovely 1 bedroom suite, nice furnishings and bathroom. The only drawbacks were no pay-per-view movies and no breakfast available from (or in) the restaurant. The lobby was small, with no evidence of a doorman. It was ok, but I think I would stay at a full service hotel the next time.	
Oct 29 2004	Enjoyable Stay		
Oct 14 2004	Excellent hotel staff and location		
Oct 12 2004 	Nice NEW hotel in Midtown		
Oct 4 2004	Can't say enough good things about this place		
Sep 2 2004	The Place with Heart!		
Aug 23 2004 	Awesome for the price!!		
Jul 29 2004	The Blakely is great!		
Jul 29 2004	The Best Choice in NY hands down!!		
Jul 22 2004	An excellent choice		
Jul 19 2004	Great hotel loved our stay		
Jul 23 2009 	Excelente elección		
Jul 18 2009 	Estupendo		
May 9 2009 	Un viaje inolvidable y una estancia maravillosa		
Apr 17 2009 	Très confortable et pratique		
Jun 19 2007 	Excelente hotel en excelente ubicación		
Oct 18 2006	Wir haben uns sehr wohl gefuehlt		
