	Absoloutely perfect for kids	This is hotel is pefect for kids! Some of the kiddie goodies include:- Coloring book at check-in- Fantastic rooftop pool with very kid-friendly policies- Cartoons in the elevators- Huge (500+ sqf) rooms with plenty of room to play- Close to central park zoo and playgroundsWe stayed on SPG points, you can't beat that!We also loved the adjacent restaurant (Seppi's), with very reasonable priced food, especially the Sunday brunch!.	
	Great hotel with a good location	This was the second time I had stayed at this hotel and it didn't let me down! Service is always good with very friendly front desk staff. My room was more spacious than the average NYC room and had a great view of Central Park. Norma's (hotel restaurant) is legendary for breakfast but a bit pricey so great there is a starbucks directly opposite or some fab delis nearby. The hotel bar is lovely and they serve a great prosecco! The burger bar also located just off reception is infamous, unfortunately didn't get to eat there as the queues were always long. The hotel concierge service is second to none, they were incredibly helpful in recommending restaurants aswell as booking our tickets for a tour. All in all a great place to stay if you can get a good room rate. The only tip I would give you is to avoid room service as works out very pricey, especially when there are many great places to eat nearby	
	Ask Questions...beware	You wouldn't think you'd have to ask if the hotel has air conditioning? It's a warmer than usual November. The hotel is very warm. You check the thermostat in the room and it says, &quot;If you're too hot or too cold, just call&quot;. Well, we were too hot. We set the temperature to 69 degrees and waited and waited and waited. In the end we finally called. They sent the engineer right up. He told us that because it was Winter there was no air conditioning in the hotel...just heat. If we wanted the room cooler we should open the window. (ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!). Well, we thought a cold drink from the mini bar might be in order. It has one..full of anything you might like. Except the hotel had unplugged them all...but not to worry. They would be willing to bring you one up for a fee that would actually cool a drink. The room was advertised as coming with a 32&quot; flat screen TV. It had an older Sony Trinitron. On the good side, for a midtown hotel is was a terrific location. The main desk was always crowded and the elevators seemed to take forever. Next time I need a midtown hotel, I think I'll try something else. It was priced like a four star hotel but certainly did not live up to the billing.	
	Great Location--Great Place for Kids	Okay.. After 2 Stays at this hotel and both times with a family (once for a long weekend and this time for Thanksgiving in the City!!!).. I can sincerely say that this is a GREAT place for families for so many different reasons. #1 Location, Location, Location. Close to Central Park, Close to Rockefeller Center, Close to Times Square, Close to Shopping and the list goes on and on... #2 Indoor Pool: Okay.. I must admit the set-up is a little weird and at first you will feel uncomfortable... but get over it... an INDOOR POOL in Manhattan is worth it for the kids. Swimming and Dinner by the Pool... Can't be beat. #3 Burger Joint and Tons of Restaurants close by. When with little ones easy meals for them and good food for mom and dad is a must. This Place Delivers both!. A cold beer and the best burgers in the City!. Pizza delivery from Angelo's and Thai food from Topaz Thai combines with Mac and Cheese from Room Service and you again have a great mix. Okay--Why not 5 Stars? The &quot;french&quot; attitude of the staff at the front desk lacks something and when you have issues, their abilty to apologize is a little lacking... They address the issues (little stuff, like extra pillows, or jumbled order from room service) but they don't necessarily do it with a smile. Having said that, all in all, for a get a way in the City Le Parker Meridien delivers for a family and a Junior Suite is nice space for a family of 4, by New York City standards. Housekeeping is pleasant and as an extra tip if ever doing Thanksgiving in the City---Ruth's Chris Price fixe menu was AWESOME. $123 for a family of 4 with a bottle of wine? Can't be beat!	
	Better than I thought	Hotel is nothing special from the outside and check in took some time, however the rooms were nice. We did see some ceiling mold in the bathroom but given how old the buildings are in New York it is probably to be expected. Nothing I personally noticed (my husband pointed it out) and it didn't affect our stay. The rooms were quiet and well maintained. The hotel is right behind Carnigie Hall and 1-2 short blocks from Central Park and Madison/5th Avenue shopping. We moved to another hotel half way through our trip just to experience two different locations, and I have to say that I did like the Westin at Times Square better.	
Nov 24 2009 	Very disappointing stay!	We have stayed at Le Parker Meridien for the last three years and this was our most disappointing stay by far. What was once a crisp recently modernised property is now seriously fading around the edges and well overdue for refurbishment. Of more concern was the lack of good housekeeping, not general cleaning, but deep cleaning. Our room had very old cobwebs on the light above the bar, a build up of ingrained grease and dirt on the light switches and mould in the bathrooms. Also, the heating/ AC was smelly, erratic and very warm. The staff were as pleasant and helpful as always, but as the hotel was fully booked for the duration of our stay we could not change rooms. We will look for a new hotel next year.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great hotel if you can get the right price	I've seen so many negative reviews of Le Parker Meridien, I had to write about my more positive experience here this weekend. My boyfriend and I booked our room for $199 a night for 2 nights. We felt that, for the price we paid, we got a good NYC hotel. We both agreed that we wouldn't pay much more than that though.Positives:- Perfect location: easy to get to many sites and subway entrances close by- Comfortable, King-sized bed (many of the NYC hotels we looked at only offered Queen beds)- Decently large room size for a NYC hotel. Not just a bed crammed into a room.- Indoor, roof top pool with amazing view of the city- Helpful staff: when we forgot to take our 'do not disturb' sign off the door in the morning, we were able to call for housekeeping to come at 6:30 at night instead- Cartoons playing in the elevator, which was funNegatives:- The shower pressure was very strong, so the drain couldn't keep up with the volume of water. No matter how fast your shower was, you ended up standing in some water. We assumed this was due to being on the 8th floor of a building with 30-some floors above us also needing water.- There is a mini-bar, but you cannot use it as a room refrigerator. (It's clearly labeled as &quot;not a refrigerator,&quot; so we assumed if we opened it a seal would be broken and we'd be charged). - It's minor, but there was no hot tub with the pool, which would have been nice.Overall, I would recommend this hotel to friends looking for a basic hotel in a good location, but only if they can get it at the right price. I don’t consider it a 4-star hotel, and don’t think its worth paying much more than we did per night.	
Nov 19 2009	Mold Everywhere :(	The worst thing was when you stepped into the shower their was mold everywhere. It was on the roof in many places and not cleaned from the crevices. Hair (black hair) as well. I complained about the mold and they were nice enough to bring up a bowl of fruit. Guess what the fruit was moldy as well! The grapes sticking together, the orange moldy, I was like are you kidding me!	
Nov 9 2009 	An overpriced and silly affair	$500 per night gets you:- No heat in the rooms unless the outside temp drops below 50-degrees (official policy). Try working or sleeping in 51-degree weather- No included Internet access even if you have Starwood Gold or are staying in a suite- Inconsistent rates - my colleague and I booked within minutes of each other for the same room, same nights, and got two startlingly different rates. They refused to match the lower one- An over-priced self-service burger joint- A pretty good breakfast place (Norma's)Skip it.	
Nov 8 2009 	Nothing Special	My husband and I went to NYC for a quick get-away without the kids. We were looking for something charming, up-scale, romantic and comfortable. Le Parker Meridien has none of these characteristics. The up-side is that it is an affordable, basic hotel in a good location with a great breakfast restaurant, cozy bar, and a popular burger joint off of the lobby. It would be a good hotel for a family traveling with kids, someone on a business trip, or a young people looking for an affordable, decent hotel. However, it was not what my husband and I had in mind for our relaxing get-away so we moved to The Lowell Hotel, which was exactly what we had hoped for.	
Nov 8 2009 	All Style and No Substance!	Beautiful modern interior design (if you like sterile Bauhaus style) but NO COMFORT! I’ve stayed at motels with more amenities than this pretentious joke of a hotel! The rooms have thermostats, but they are not operational during cold months when the entire building is heated up to sauna-like temperatures and the only recourse a guest has, as the manager told us, is to open their window (to the sounds and smells of NYC traffic) or let them put a rotary fan in your room (like sleeping with a helicopter) because the building is very old and doesn’t have modern temperature controls. One wonders if they make everyone freeze in the summer and offer space heaters to those who complain! Mattress was hard as a board. Maid service only made the bed and didn’t replace any used glasses or even empty water from ice bucket (which, incidentally didn’t include a plastic liner –Disgusting!). No coffee or coffee maker in the rooms and for those who pay more to stay on a higher floor for a better view, note there are no ice machines above the 32nd floor. Le Meridien is strictly for the fake cool poseurs and faux hip yuppie suckers who line up to pay big bucks for the hotel’s coffee made from “counter-culture beans!” How do you say “Give me a break” in French?!!	
Nov 4 2009 	Favorite Hotel Uptown	Top shelf from check-in to check out. I always enjoy my stays at the Parker Meridien. The staff goes out of their way to make you feel welcome. Want to know anything about todays events and sports just ask the doorman!	
Nov 4 2009 	The worst hotel experience in my life.	The worst hotel experience in my life. The bed was similar to a slab of concrete (with a pillow top). We could not sleep in the bed. The roll-away bed that they provided for my son was made in the early 1920's, the plastic mattress had no padding and the metal springs were protruding thru the cover. It looked more like a torture device than a bed. We could hear the elevators serving the upper floors of the building all night. The door key does not fit into the pockets of any male clothing. The bathroom is a well disguised joke. The Internet access is archaic. The manager is one of the rudest people imaginable. It is so French in so many (unimaginable) ways.I would give this hotel a zero if it was possible except for the fact that some of the staff were actually nice (not the French ones). The last time something like this happened to me I was staying at the old Ritz in Boston. The next morning the manager said that we did not have a &quot;Ritz Experience&quot; and he did not charge us for the room. That is the way to run a hotel! There are so many other good hotels in New York you do not need to abuse yourself here.	
Nov 3 2009 	Like my youngest Daughter said "THIS IS AWESOME Dad"	One August weekend I decided it was a &quot;Let Mommy relax and take the kids out&quot; weekend. Use my SPG points and booked at the Le Parker Meridien for one night and one of the W hotels in Manhattan for another night. Got in a bit late but after getting into one of the coolest hotel rooms I have ever stayed (I travel around the world and have nearly 130 nights a year on the road, this was truly modern room). It was perfect for my Daughters age 6 and 9. They liked the swivel TV in the middle of the room. Which was good when it was Dads time to take a shower and change for bed, they could still watch Nick at night with out dad crossing the screen. We ordered a super dinner from room service, I called them up and explained my situation as far as my youngest desire to eat Mac and Cheese. Up came one of the best Mac and Cheese platter that my Daughter loved and couldnt finish since it was so big (total bill was up there but for NYC and the look on my Girls faces, well worth it) Anyway all I 'll say is it was worth every cent for that room service call. The indoor pool on the roof was awesome, the only bit that got me worried was when we went up to the sun deck and looked over I expected at least a safety fence or a ledge but there was none so it freaked me out a bit with my kids. I kinda kept them away but I could see a problem kids are not well behaved and reckless. Regardless it did offer some breathtaking views of Central Park and both the east/west sides of the Park and City. I am sure the following will sum up our stay, we also stayed at one of the trendy W Hotels in Manhattan which for Adults is great but soon into that night at the W, both my Daughters begged me to take them back to Le Parker Meridien Hotel.  As my little one keeps saying to this day....&quot;Remember when we stayed at that hotel with the pool on the roof and the great food in the room, can we do that again, it was AWESOME Dad&quot;. Thank You Le Parker Meridien Staff for making this Dad the Hero that weekend.	
Oct 29 2009 	This hotel left me speechless and not in a good way	Where do I begin? Upon checking in to the hotel, I was placed on hold for an hour just to get my internet working for 17 dollars/day!! No joke. Please believe me. Nobody would help us until one hour passed then finally they sent someone up to our room. The internet is still on and off and we are still paying 17/day for this. We woke up the next day to what we thought was the famous NORMAS breakfast delivered to our room. After eating the so called famous pancakes and orange juice for a total bill of 80 dollars for two, we found out that the breakfast didnt even come from NORMAS!! It came from the room service kitchen. This hotel is way too overpriced for what it is. It is overpacked, the service is awful and the staff is rude. We spent about 400/night here and will never be back. We have been treated better at a two star hotel! God forbid you need anything at this hotel, nobody will be there to help. Overall TERRIBLE experience. This hotel should be charging no more than 150/night! And let me finish with their so called famous rooftop pool. It is COLD, awkward, and unenjoyable. There is a guy who sits there and unhappily stares at you while you swim. If you want to stay at this hotel because of the pool, dont becasue its not what its hyped up to be. No hot tub, no sauna, nothing enjoyable here. The only thing Im looking forward to in this hotel is to be checking out tomorrow morning. P.S. our IT guy by the name of Nick from Data Valet was the only nice person who helped us but isnt even with the hotel!!	
Oct 27 2009 	Perfect Weekend Away	We stayed here for two nights while attending a wedding in NYC and for a little getaway. This place is 1st class and our stay was perfect. The staff is awesome, the hotel a great location, the rooms are super clean and comfy. They upgraded us to a suite upon check-in and we were thrilled. Best hotel I have stayed at in NYC, including the Ritz. We didn't get to eat at the Burger Joint- the lines were too long, but I heard it was good. We did eat at Norma's for Brunch - I would have to say this was my only negative - it was good, but you are SUPER cramped - litterally on top of one another and the food was really nothing special.. And $100 after tip for Brunch for two, even in NYC standards that is just nuts.	
Oct 27 2009 	Gread location quite expensive	I stayed at Le Parker Meridien for two weeks on business. It is in a great location in mid town which is why I chose it. Reception, door staff and concierge were friendly, the room was OK but not remarkable but the bathroom had not been rennovated as was showing its age with chipped and lose tiles. The gym is very good and is open to the public. They charge a fee to hotel guests. There is a small pool on the roof with a sun deck. The bar is unremarkable and the public areas are on a walkthrough between two streets. There is a burger bar which is unusaual but no real hotel restaurant.I would be happy to stay again if I got a good price, otherwise I would look for better value elsewhere.	
Oct 24 2009 	Awful Customer Service non-updated rooms from 1985 stay elsewhere	Found a great price but should have known better. The room smelled funny and truly was dated from the 1980's. TV was broken, called downstairs for repair and they told me to try unplugging then replug. Tried that and called back, they told me sorry it happens sometimes and that there was nothing they could do, they were full. This was a 3 day stay - all with no TV and with complete refusal for any moving, upgrading, or compensation. Bathroom was also very old and smelled awful (mold on the walls, corroded shower head etc..). I felt like they should rename this Le Parker Motel.I would suggest staying elsewhere as there are many great hotels in that area. For the price I paid I could have chosen a newer updated hotel. Even if it was free I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great hotel great location and more...	It is my second time to review the hotel. I stayed here a couple times last several weekends for pleasure. I was always placed in a Parkview room since. I was very happy with the hotel and the services so far. The hotel was well located in the heart of Manhattan, with proximity to Central Park, and other city interests. Furthermore, the hotel itself has lots of interesting things, such as Burger Joint, Roof top swimming pool and observatory, etc. I believe others already put lots information of the hotel and its surroundings in the review, so I did not want to go through this time.This time I was placed in a lower floor room, since the hotel was fully booked. The room and facility (7th floor) was the same as the Parkview rooms I stayed before, still very nice and comfortable, if I did not mind the view (not too bad, at least it was not window to window to the building across the street, I could still have the shade up, without worry about my privacy). So I was happy with that. So the lower floor may be a good choice, if you don’t want to pay the premium, and don't stay in the room for a long time (since you may want to check out the city anyway during your tenure). Plus you can still use the roof top swimming pool and observatory any time as they are opened.I would like to get you a new hidden gem this time in my review: I checked out a stretch class on Saturday morning at 10:30 am at City Center (just across the street: 130 West 57th Street, next to the Starbuck). The place was called “Ballet Arts”, located at 6th floor in City Center. It was not hard to find, just straight across the street of the hotel.The class was designed for dancers to stretch and relax their mind and bodies. It lasted for an hour. It was taught by a very nice lady from South Korea, who was a ballet dancer, and actively involved in many dancing activities in the city. Since she was from South Korea, lots of oriental techniques were incorporated in the class, which was excellent, since most classes in the US were less or more the same, nothing new from Yoga in American style. I think that was really what setting this class apart from the rest in the US. But don’t give me wrong, you don’t have to be a dancer to go. It was a very relaxing and peaceful class, with Christian music and floor mats in a gorgeous old NYC style studio. It was somewhat like a Yoga class, but it is much more relaxing and joyful, in a different way (there was no hard muscle involvement). So I guess anybody can take it, and have fun, if you just want to relax during a weekend morning after a night sleep in the hotel. Plus the teacher tailored your specific need and level for everybody in the class. Of course, some are much more flexible than others, but it was a class for relaxation. The class started with warming up by standing up shaking hands and some leg stretching. Then it worked its way from head to shoulders, to chest, back, waist, hip to legs (quadriceps, hamstrings to calf). It was a slow progress, no hard movement, and no pain at all. You can also choose to work hard or just to have a relaxation, it was totally up to you. The students were very nice too, some were dancers, some were not. I could tell that they were very happy with the class.I strongly recommended the class if you like to have some relaxation in an active way, during your stay in the hotel for weekends. It runs on Sat morning at 10:30 am for 1 hour. The cost is $15. No specific dress requirement, you just need to dress relax and loose, staying comfortable. Check it out.	
Oct 18 2009	Good location.	Well positioned - near Central Park and within walking distance of Times Square. Handy for tube. Normas for breakfast is to be recommended and the French brasserie style bar is delightful. The burger bar seemed a strange addition to an upmarket hotel but an experience not to be missed.Staff helpful - had to change rooms on arrival. Had requested a room with 2 double beds overlooking the park. Initially given a room without a view and with one of the beds a put you up settee!Expensive with current sterling exchange rate. No tea/coffee making facilities in room.	
Oct 16 2009 	Fabulous hotel Exquisite decor Fantastic location	We would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to NYC. It was centrally located in Midtown Manhattan giving us easy access to the theater district, shopping and museums.We'll definitely stay here on future trips to NYC!	
Oct 13 2009 	NEVER AGAIN	I have stayed at the hotel for almost 15 years and seen alot of changes, not all positive. Our last long weekend will sadly be our last at the property. The good location is all that remains of the old property.We had a terrible time arranging our rooms with the front desk staff. Without getting into all the details, the level of service has dropped to the point where the hotel doesnt even resemble the old property. The hotel has been remodeled and our room on the 36th floor was so small we had to be careful not to bang into the other furniture as we attempted to navigate our way to the bathroom. The bathroom so small even without a bathtub and my wife and I couldnt stand and get ready in at the same time. Dont plan on meeting in the lobby. It is cold, only small chairs available are very uncomfortable.	
Oct 10 2009 	Okay but doesn't live up to the hype	My husband and I stayed here for a quick visit to NYC. Overall I would say the hotel is just okay. We happened to get a free night so I didn't have to pay 500 dollars a night, but if I had I would have been very disappointed. Especially because you have to pay for everything here including the internet and the GYM.	
Oct 10 2009 	Mold problems in the bathrooms poor customer service	Corner suite 3602 bathroom reeked of mold and had black / red mold all over the walls and ceiling. Called down to complain and was argued with for 15 minutes that &quot;mold is OK and natural&quot;. Finally convinced them to move me to same type of room 3702 and the bathroom had less mold - but still moldy with bubbly cracking paint on ceiling, black mold in the grout and quite dirty/worn out appearance.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect choice if you get a good price	Upscale (but not ultra high end), very comfortable (good rooms, not great), outstanding location (we had a terrific view of Central Park from the 37th floor), excellent food and service. Would stay again in a heartbeat for under $200/night. Over $200/night and you have to see what other bargains are out there since there are so many nice hotels in NYC.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good value for NYC	Well located, clean and recently renovated rooms. Normal NYC street noise. Room was large and comfortble, with a separate seating area and large desk. large and modern bathroom.	
Oct 5 2009 	Nice but not great hotel with great location	Stayed just one night as I was hoping hotels, but was impressed. This is a nice, bordering great, hotel. Check-in was smooth. Junior suite was sweeeet. It had a Mad Men retro feel that was deliberate and not a consequence of aging. The bed was comfy and the location fantastic. Was given a late check-out, which made siteseeing easier.NB: Enter from 56th street, the 57th street enterance is through a bar/restaurant.	
Oct 5 2009 	Stay there only if it is free	Having spent quite some time in Asia and been spoiled by the Asian hospitality, I recently stayed a weekend at the Le Parker Meridien in Midtown, complemetary of the SPG free night program. On arrival, the hotel has a nice lobby and the lounge bar looked charming. The front desk receptionist was quick to check us in and offered us an upgrade to the park view room. Everything pointed to a nice stay but our surpise only came when we entered our room after a 15-min wait for the elevator ride. The immediate reaction was as if we stepped through a time tunnel and entered a cheap motel room in the 80s. Everything in the room likes dated, and whose idea is it to keep the VHS tape player in the entertainment console?Service was average, by NYC standard. But unless the hotel spends time and money on a complete renovation, I will just stay away, unless it is free.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great	Great but not cheap. Very uptown.Watch out for the mini bar, if you touch it, its get charged to your room.If you find your owning parking, you'll save alot too.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed here on a free night from SPG. They upgraded us for free to a junior suite since our son was with us, but the only let down was the sofa bed was like all sofa beds, uncomfortable. I thought the room was great, loved the shower, the pool was very nice with a great evening view of the city. The burger shack in teh loby was very cool and great eats. All in all a very nice trip, particularly when it doesn't cost anything! But it would have been worth it if we had to pay.	
Sep 28 2009 	Several small dissappointments = One big letdown!	So I had to go to Manhattan last week on short notice and the corporate travel dept. booked me in the Parker Meridien. I hadn't stayed there before so I looked it up on their website and liked what I saw. It's not the Ritz or the Trump Towers but certainly looked nicer than some of the chain hotels. When I checked in I was impressed by the staff. They were very friendly and courteous as well as very fast. After working all day the last thing I wanted to do was have a big hassle at check-in. My first impression was great. Unfortunately that impression didn't last upon seeing my room. My first thought was that it looked like a much cheaper hotel room that had gotten new new decorations. The furniture seemed cheap, the room and bathroom were both very small, and the &quot;amenities&quot; were a joke. The cordless phone lasted five minutes before the battery died. The iron never did heat up enough to iron a shirt. Ironically the A/C had the opposite issue. Even though it was set to 53 degrees the room never really got cool. The ceiling above the shower was covered in mildew. I'm sure that the in-room VCR was nice but unfortunately I left all my VHS tapes at home. I know that hotel prices in Manhattan are ridiculous but even taking that into account For $350+ I had hoped for a little more than a moldy ceiling and a panoramic view of the back alley. I know all hotel rooms look the same when you're asleep but for my money I would like them to look a little nicer when my eyes are open.	
Sep 27 2009 	Good location nice rooms no great views service could do with some improvement	Pros:Rooms are interesting, we had the junior suite which has a separate living room. Furnishings remind one of boutique european hotels. Gravity Spa and Gym is awesome!Norma is an interesting brunch experience, don't forget to make reservations for brunch.The other french restaurant in the hotel is open till 3 am which is great if like us you reach at night.Cons:I must have gone on a busy day because usually a spg platinum member never can complain of service in a starwood property. Overall the staff seemed a bit cold and distracted - I asked for late checkout when I checked in, which has never been an issue at Starwood for me, but on the day of checkout they called few hours earlier to say we would have to checkout at the normal noon time. This was problematic as we had made other plans etc., but the staff did not have anything to say other than the fact that its always subject to change on the same day. The room was billed as &quot;city views&quot; but all one could see was a tall building right in front of the hotel.Overall the room is low value for your money.	
Sep 27 2009 	Worst customer service ever and if you want SLEEP go elsewhere	I travel a lot and have experienced ups and downs with hotel customer service. Seems to me that it should be getting better in a down economy, not worse, so that the few travelers remain loyal. But this weekend's stay at the Meridien was an all time low.Terrible customer service. Ineffective window glazing and paper-thin walls/celiings. Noisiest hotel I've ever stayed in. If you want to sleep, go elsewhere. If you want customer service, go elsewhere... these people don't care. A good 1 1/2&quot; gap between the elevator and the floor ate my shoe. They refused to do anything about it. I asked for a quiet room... they gave me one facing the street right near construction which kept me up all night. The opposite side of the hotel faced another building but the front desk LIED and said that it faced another street so there was no point in switching rooms. i found out too late that this was totally untrue. Really, the only positive to this place is the restaurant Norma's, which serves the best breakfast anywhere (if you don't mind spending $80 for two people with no alcohol). And it's a good location, right off of 5th Ave. and just south of Central Park. But I won't be staying here again due to the terrible customer service from a hotel charging $500/nt. Oh yeah, and black mold in the bathroom did not add to the ambiance (see photo).	
Sep 27 2009	simply: overpriced	Good:- The Gym is excellent (10$ per day apply in addition)- There is a pool (although always packed with people)- Nice Café in the lobby (although service not good)- Nice view over Central ParkBad:- The breakfast place is ridiculously expensive - I had breakfast there twice: 1 time I payed around 110$ for two people, once I payed around $50 for eggs benedict and an espresso - throwing the bill on the table before I had finished my coffee was for free- The elevators: you always have to wait for ages if you want to go up or downRooms:- generally ok for NYC (in absolut terms: small with no special interior)- in the bathroom there was mould on the ceiling	
Sep 25 2009 	Very nice hotel in great location	I stayed at this property over the past weekend and wasn't quite sure what to expect given the mixed reviews. Overall it was a good stay and I would recommend this property.Check In: Very friendly check in agent immediately ended his conversation when he saw me walking towards the counter and quickly obtained my details. He ask me as a Starwood platinum member if I would like a jr. suite or a park view room and we selected the jr. suite. I do not know the the plat amenities etc as I only selected the points.Room: We had a room on the 15th floor no real view. I did not realize there is actually a second bank of elevators around the corner from the front desk and I assume those actually go to higher floors. Our room had only a view of the building across the street so not much to see but perhaps the higher floors have a better city view. We did not care to be honest and even though our room was right off the elevator it was very quiet and comfortable. I thought it was perfect size with the bathroom being quite large especially for NYC. The room also had a nice work area with the only annoyance the fact that the electrical outlets for the desk are actually below the desk with no way hole the the desk to put the power cables below other than to drape them on the front of the desk. Relatively minor but annoying. Internet was something like $16/day and they have wireless and wired access but we did not use either so I can not comment on the speed. I did not find any decent wifi alternative while in the room. The tv is not an LCD/Plasma but is of good size and I was surprised the swivel entertainment center actually worked as well as it did and was handy for changing from living area to bed area. The entertainment area also included a VCR and DVD player. Overall we found the room to be pleasant and comfortable. It didnt blow us away but we liked it a lot.Fitness: I did not end up using the fitness area but info in the room made it look like one of the best fitness areas you would ever see at a hotel. It appears you can get to the fitness area via a bar code on the room key which is a pretty odd shape in comparison to normal room keys.Dining: We only had drinks outdoors at the french restaurant and found it reasonably priced and service was good. I do not understand the wait in the long line for a burger but assume it is good for people to stand in line for it. I found the room service prices high even by NYC hotel standards especially with so many places to dine nearby. There is a Thai restaurant next door and has a nice environment (cozy) but if you want that authentic thai flavor it does not have that despite all thai people working there. I found it pretty good but my thai wife wasnt so impressed.Location: I find the location excellent. We took taxis mostly on this trip so I cant comment on the subway lines nearby but given its proximity to times square etc it should be pretty convenient to many subway lines. Central park is just a few blocks a way and times square is a nice stroll away. I much prefer this location over being in times square itself. The Sheratons are just around the corner and although I have never stayed at either....I could not imagine choosing them over this property based on location.Checkout: I have not idea what the actual checkout time is as I never saw it posted anyplace but since I am plat I just left when I needed to (about 1.30pm) and nobody seemed to care. The guys downstairs were happy to hold the bags and I found them pleasant to everyone despite being extremely busy with people wanting them to hold bags etc.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great hotel if you get it on sale not worth $400/nt though.	I stayed at Le Parker Meridien for one night in September. I loved the location, midtown is great. Within walking distance to broadway and central park but far enough from times square to get some quiet. It is a very nice hotel and modern. However, the bed in our room was basically a king-sized futon... or so it felt like one. I did look and it was a mattress on a platform but very hard. It was not a comfortable sleep and since that's all I do in an NYC hotel room that was the only negative. I'm glad I got it on sale through priceline for $150US for the night or else I would have been disappointed. Overall, great hotel but I don't think it was $400 good.	
Sep 22 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights free, using Starpoints. This was our first time staying at a Meridien. The lobby is nicely decorated and clean. There is also a small indoor pool and a large gym. The gym costs $10 a day and has racquetball and a dry sauna, in addition to a lot of equipment. There are three restaurants. There is valet parking, but we self-parked in the same garage (still valet) with a $30 a day parking coupon. The business center is small and really expensive. Check in was easy and we were pleased to get an upgraded room with a Central Park view, even though we did not pay anything for our stay. The elevators were a little slow to arrive. The decor in the rooms and hallways is modern. Our room was large by NYC standards and light-filled. The bed was really comfortable. The room was quiet. There were two small closets, a safe, and two desk areas -- perfect for business travel. There was a large TV with DVD and VCR. The bathroom was clean and had Peter Thomas Roth toiletries. Maid service was pretty good, but our washcloths weren't replenished. There is no coffee pot, but there is a Starbucks directly across the street. There is a minibar that can't be used to store food, as it apparently contained sensors inside it that would charge you if anything was moved.Checkout and luggage storage were easy. They were fully booked and could not offer us late checkout.The location was pretty good and within walking distance to many attractions and good restaurants. It's also less than a block away from two subway stations.All in all, we were pleased with our stay and would stay here again.	
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent Location	I don't usually end up north of 50th or so in New York, but this hotel location was well worth the couple extra blocks. The location is quiet and convenient, with a subway stop just at the corner, plenty of shops for a quick bite, and a starbucks directly across from the front hotel entrance.We got a really good deal on the rooms, which were functional and minimalist; our main goal wasn't to spend a lot of time in the hotel, anyway, so I wasn't really that picky. A coffee machine in the room would have been nice for coffee/tea.Our rooms were on the 9th floor, and though we were close to the elevators, it was very quiet.	
Sep 18 2009 	Not up to Le Meridien service standards but a nice hotel that is overpriced	The lobby of this hotel is gorgeous; even if you're not staying here its worth a trip to see and also stop into the Burger Joint. Just look for the neon burger sign hidden in the lobby and you'll be in hamburger heaven in no time. As for the hotel, it was ok. The rooms were modern and a good size by NYC standards. The service was lacking, especially for an SPG Platinum member and a far cry from the top notch service at other Le Meridien properties. Having to wait for a non-smoking room that isn't an upgrade isn't a good sign. The fact that they even offered a smoking room was a troubling sign. Recessions in Manhattan don't happen when a hotel like this can charge $400 mid-week.	
Sep 17 2009 	FANTASTIC!	This hotel is top notch. The bar is beautiful and a great place to relax with a drink at the end of the night or gear up for a night on the town. The burger place really does have the best burgers. The room was clean and the bed was extra comfy. The staff was courteous and professional. The location couldn't be better!! I travel to New York a few times a year and I don't think I can ever stay anywhere else again. The other hotels I've stayed at don't even compare!!	
Sep 8 2009 	Great location for business	I've stayed here many times and would do again.There have been quirks, but on the whole, nothing that wasn't sorted promptly.Yes, the TVs are a bit big and old and I've had problems with the Wi-Fi, but nothing that would stop me returning.The big downside is that it's expensive and possibly not worth the cost, but for location in Midtown it's hard to beat.And the Burger Joint is great.	
Sep 8 2009 	Decent hotel in a good location	Check in was very easy and well organized. The front desk attendant that checked us in was very pleasant, giving us a very good first impression. We had arrived quite early and were meeting friends at central park; the room wasn't yet available and they allowed us to leave our bags with a very easy claim-ticket valet style service. Upon our return to the hotel we found a quite spacious room with a comfortable king-sized bed. This hotel was the first I've stayed at to have no problem accomodating my request to remove all down products from the room as I am allergic to feathers. The down pillows and blankets were replaced with synthetics as requested prior to my arrival .The bathroom was clean and had a single vanity with a bathtub and shower with a standard white shower curtain. My only complaint about the bathroom was that both the sink and shower drained very very slowly. We didn't spend much time in the room, but when we did turn on the TV found that there was nothing but static. The few channels that came through were barely viewable on the cumbersome outdated TV. We spent the afternoon and early evening enjoying cocktails in the hotel lounge, Nave, which was beautifully decorated,comfortable, and offered delicious cocktails. The service was great. Though they were quite pricy, it wasn't surprising for the area or for a hotel lounge.The location of the hotel was great. No complaints; walkable distance to Central Park and a stroll to Times Square, very close to the subway, and taxis aplenty. My only true complaint is that maid service rang our doorbell twice at 9:30am on the day of our departure, while I still asleep. Before I could figure out that our room even had a doorbell or why it was ringing, they came barging in. Though I had been out late the previous night and neglected to put the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign out on the door, I would expect that a higher end hotel such as this wouldn't have the problem of the maid service coming in far before check out time. I had lost our receipts for our travels back and had to use the Business Center. It cost me almost $20 to use the internet for less than 5 minutes and print out one page. It was my own fault that I had to do so, but a very expensive service. All-in-all a good hotel that I would recommend and return to.	
Sep 7 2009 	Sincere thoughtful service	Pros: I think that the management has done a good job in training staff to be happy when they give sincere thoughtful service. We arrived well before standard check in-time and would have to wait a few hours for housekeeping to clean the rooms. Sasha at the front desk suggested an upgrade to a suite (only $50 more/night) which was available immediately. The upgrade was well worth those extra hours of fun in NYC!! Once we got into the room, we wanted some ice and I was on my way to finding the machine when a nice gentleman from housekeeping approached me and to offered to bring it to my room. Then he said &quot;Have a nice day&quot;. I was especially impressed with ALL the housekeeping staff because they always greeted you with a smile and seemed genuinely happy that they made you smile back. Cons: $8 just to sign onto the internet at the business center. Shower has glass enclosure and no privacy, so no-one elsse can use the bathroom while you are in there. Overall, the hotel is a little spendy, but gracious service is priceless (and doesn't cost the hotel anything!!)	
Sep 1 2009 	Nice Hotel with good service	Reading the posts on this site about Le Parker Meridien I worried that merely touching the minibar would result in outrageous charges, that I would never be able to find a place to put the foot long key they were going to give me, and that a dawn the sun would stream in through the sheer drapes. I went ahead and booked a room from three nights starting on the 28th because of the location and the fact that professional reviews had nice things to say about the hotel and despite the mixed tripadvisor reviews. First I should note that posted on the minibar is a large sign that states &quot;Minibar not a fridge&quot; and goes on to point out that &quot;Technology allows us to charge for any items moved (and technology is pretty fast at it.)&quot; In other words if you want to keep something cold use the ice bucket the hotel provides. In fact the minibar in our room underchared us in that we took out two diet cokes on the second day and when we checked out were only charged for one. When I informed the desk clerk of the error he advised me that given my honesty I would only be charged for the one.The room keys are five and a half inches long, I actually measured one, and easily fit in the pocket of my slacks. They are about two inches longer that &quot;normal&quot; room keys but they will fit in your pocket and best of all they worked first time and every time I used them.The drapes in our room were not sheer and did keep the room dark and quite. We were on the 30th floor facing 56th street and had no problem with noise or light. Actually the room had sheer drapes and another set of rather ugly bright red drapes and it was the latter ugly drapes that kept the room dark.Our room was a good size and while I did not care much for the decor it stacks up well against your averaged NY Hilton, Sheraton or Marriott. The staff was very friendly and very helpful and we did not have to wait to check in, we arrived around 4:00 PM, or to check out, we left at 12:40 PM. The lobby was very full and busy on Saturday but other than that I did not notice any substantial back up around the front desk. In fact the only substantial line I saw during our stay was the line to get into the hamburger place.This is a good hotel and one I would likely stay at again depending primarily on price. I have stayed at the nearby Hilton and Sheraton and prefer this hotel to either of those. I have also stayed at the nearby Essex House and Ritz both hotels are clearly superior in terms of style, room size and especially the bathrooms, though I don't think the staff were more helpful. I would even take this over the Waldorf or the JW Marriott simply because I prefer the location and at the Waldorf found myself awaken at 5:30 each morning by the sound of garbage trucks (Note that I found no such noise problems at the Waldorf Tower and it may be simply the room I had on the one occasion I stayed at the Waldorf.)Our bathroom had only a shower and while we had no problems with water pressure or hot water if you want a bath your out of luck. The bathroom has only a single sink which is what I expected but also means only on person at a time in the morning. Great concierge staff- very helpful in printing out articles and providing tips on places to eat.No turn down service in the evening, if you live for candy on you pillow look elsewhere. The only thing I look for from turn down service in the evening is sometimes extra towels and as this hotel provides four large bath towels and plenty of bath amenities I did not miss the lack of turn down service.We were offered the opportunity to upgrade our room for $49 to a park view but did not elect to do so. It is a nice view, we could see what we missed when catching an elevator on the 30th floor, but had paid for such a view at the Essex and decided to put our money towards food and other such items. Still its something of a deal and if you have always wanted a Park view, the 57th street side, I think you would be hard pressed to find a better one. Elevators were not a problem, something that surprised me as their were only six, three for the lower and three for the upper floors. We had to wait more than a minute on only one occasion.Great Gym which unfortunatley had a large number of US Open tennis playersworking out all of whom made me look old and fat. The hotel, at least as of Sunday, seems to be the center of US Open players and officials and the 57th side had 30 to 40 &quot;official vehicles&quot; outside every time we used that entrance.I expect I will stay at this hotel again, unless someone else is paying in which case I will select the Ritz or the Essex House. as I like the location and found my stay to be trouble free and the staff very helpful. It is not charming, romantic or elegant but it offers good value and service and a location I think is among the best if your a tourist in the big city.	
Aug 25 2009 	A wonderful place for a treat.	We've stayed here two times now -- both times were wonderful! This last time, we had a gorgeous park view room on the 39th floor -- a very romantic anniversary weekend. Not a place for those on a budget, but a perfect place for a treat. Breakfast at Norma's was amazing and delicious, but it is crowded and very expensive -- still worth it if you're able to treat yourself. The sunning roof is breathtaking and the little pool is a nice feature. Excellent location for the park, the theater, and for the subway to get anywhere else in the city. Wonderful service -- no complaints and we will stay there again if we need a Manhattan treat.	
Aug 21 2009 	Girl's weekend.. awesome	I go on one dedicated girl's weekend a year and this year we stayed at Le Parker Meridien. It was everything we wanted it to be. We had adjoining rooms and views of Central Park. The rooms are simple, modern and clean. We ate, drank and saw a show.. we did not sleep much, but the bed was very comfortable.. another 2 hours in it would have been great! Alas, we had a breakfast reservation at Norma's for 9am and then a swim in the rooftop pool.. so no lie-in. This is a great central location. Shopping all around, Central Park right outside your door, Broadway a quick walk. What more could you ask for?	
Aug 20 2009 	Clean near central park nothing special	We got discounted rooms because we were there for an event. We've stayed in over 10 different hotels in NYC -- see all my reviews. This one was okay. It took us 3 nights to get the air temperature right -- literally like the &quot;3 Bears&quot; -- first night too cold, second night too warm and the last night just right.Don't touch anything in the minibar unless you want to buy it. they have motion sensors in there. Don't use it to store any leftovers. The pool on the top floor is really only good for kids. The outside up there is nice. The exercise club in the basement is good -- $10/day/person. I'm a computer guy but didn't feel like giving them money for wifi so just checked email on the iphone.Norma's served the most expensive breakfast I've ever had -- $35/per person. $9 coffee. $9 OJ. Amazing. And they say there is a recession? When we left there was a 45 minute wait for that breakfast.I prefer places more downtown so will not be staying here again. It's not a bad choice if you like the area.	
Aug 20 2009 	Amazing penthouse pool 	After 5 nights at the Dream Hotel - we moved to Le Parker Meridien for a night. It was very nice to be offered 2 beds instead of having to share a double bed! The room was on the 6th floor - very clean. There are TVs in the elevators - which amused us. The lobby is really impressive.The room is very retro - we didn't know if the fixtures and furniture were actually from the 60's or had been designed to look like they were from the 60's - they were in excellent condition. The bathroom was a decent size. We really had nothing to complain about.We had lunch at the Burger Joint - which was AWESOME. The thing we'll remember the most is the views from the top of the building. We went up during the day and after dark - and were speechless. Amazing.We used the business center twice to get on the internet - and it was very expensive, but oh well.	
Aug 16 2009 	excellent location	stayed with teenage son fabulous location close to central park and times square hotel room lovely and clean we had a junior suite. hotel staff were very friendly. even when we had an overflow in the toilet it was delt with quickly and efficiently. pool was great for a relax at the end of the day. would stay here again if back in town.	
Aug 14 2009 	The ugliest hotel room I have ever seen	After walking down a dark hall to go to my room I opened the door to my hotel room and it was the ugliest hotel room I have ever seen! It must have been decorated back in the 60's. I have come to New York twice a year for the past 20 years and stayed in several different hotels and this is the worst room I have ever seen. The bed practically sits on the floor. With the ugliest gold bedspread I have ever seen. The bathroom is so small that you can't even get to the bathtub unless you shut the door, because when you open the door it covers the bathtub. The staff is not overly friendly, and the location is not worth staying in one of these rooms. The only good thing about this hotel is Norma's. Great breakfast! But you can eat there without staying there. If this was the only place to stay in New York I would never go back. I hated this hotel!!	
Aug 13 2009 	Moldy Meridien	Bathroom had a funky smell and it turned out to be mold across the ceiling. Switched rooms but it still stunk...could have been muggy summer weather or just shoddy renovations where they painted over the mold. Not sure but either way, really uncomfortable. Rooms were ok sized but beds were teeny tiny. Could have handled all of this except for the spotty internet connection. A definite no no when on a business trip. This place is off the list.	
Aug 12 2009 	The Best Spot	The location was great place not far at all from Top of the Rock and NBC Studios and very close to CBS store and Disney Store inside the hotel there is a burger joint that has great burgers ! the staff is great and friendly ! always had answers to any questions that i had for them ... And the staff treats everyone like (VIP)	
Aug 9 2009 	A gem near Central Park!	The well-situated Le Parker Meridien is a good choice for both business and leisure travelers. It has easy access to the Subway and is within walking distance of Central Park, Broadway, major museums, and other tourist attractions. Other than the burger joint, the hotel restaurant and the bar are a bit pricey, but there is a very good Thai restaurant right next door--not to mention plenty of other eateries nearby. I didn't try the room service so can't comment.I've stayed in both a deluxe king room and a double room. The deluxe king had a fabulous view of Central Park, and by New York standards, it's quite spacious. I find the firm bed very comfortable, and I like the simple, modern decor. The bathroom was clean and nice. As for the double room, it comes with two twin beds, not double beds, making it unsuitable for more than two people. The room also seemed smaller. As much as I like the hotel, I wouldn't book a room here if I needed two beds. The service was friendly and efficient. There are plenty of bell staff around to help you, and housekeeping responded swiftly to my request. There is a small but lovely swimming pool near the rooftop and a huge gym, neither of which I was able to check out on my first two visits. But I hope to during my next stay!	
Aug 6 2009 	Le Parker disaster	We splashed out in May for my great aunts 75th birthday booking Le Parker Meridien in New York which had always looked so grand when we passed it, terrible mistake. The hotel reception staff were appaling, rude and unhelpful. My room rate was double for the second room as they would not honour the best rate guarantee on two rooms and the rooms themselves were terrible. Too small, too noisy and the smallest beds in America. My great aunts room was worse than mine, opposite the main air conditioning power generator room, unbelievable. I will never stay there again. The food at Norma's was ridiculously expensive, took two hours to be served and it was cold. Scrambled eggs which is supposed to be one of their specialities was hard. Ruined a very expensive trip. Do not ever stay at the Le Parker, it's a complete rip off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent experience	We bid 4* on priceline and got Parker Meridien on W. 56th street for $160 total per night.The staff was polite and helpful. The hotel was convenient to Central Park and subway terminals on 57th.We were on the 7th floor. Not much of a view but we were not in NYC to stay in our room. The room was comfortable, cool, dark and quiet ( not always a given in NYC hotels. We were very happy with the hotel and would definitely stay there again.The hotel has an awesome burger joint in the lobby and a rooftop ( 42nd floor) pool and deck with beautiful views of the city.	
Aug 4 2009 	Honeymoon-amazing time 3 night stay	I must say I've read many different reviews on here before staying at le parker meridien. However the staff were really quite helpful in anyway they can be. We arrived early and checked in early. I met up with Ari at the service desk and he was able to go over the top for us. he personally checked to see if our room was ready by going upstairs. He was able to upgrade our room due to us stating it was our honeymoon. He presented us with a view with a great view of central park. They are definitely great to have him with them.Burger Joint was good definitely a must stop there for lunch or even a bite to eat.It has a great location we is on a quite part of the street but so much going on around it with a block away from 5th ave and a lil bit further for the park. and away from the times square chaos.The room was a great size and stylish.It was pricier for somethings but I guess you get that with the classnest of the hotel.Definitely a real treat to stay there I had no problems what so ever there.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great location excellent hotel	This place is not a rat hole, as suggested in a previous review. I'm not sure what hotel that person was staying at. The service here is outstanding - from the doorman, to the front desk attendants, to the bellman. Our room had stellar views of Central Park, and the room itself was clean, chic and comfortable. We enjoyed the pool area and the outdoor lounge deck, though they could do a lot more with the design of the outdoor area (it's hopelessly plain, though the star attraction is the view). Somewhat limited spa menu, though my husband loved his massage. The gym is fantastic - great group-ex studio, clean, modern equipment. A win!Loved the richly decorated/Renaissance themed Nave, for delish coffees. My husband had a few beers at the attached Seppi's and enjoyed the people watching from the sidewalk tables. All in all, a YES, we will return.	
Jul 24 2009 	Poor service	I stayed with my sister for 5 days at the Parker Meridien and was very disapointed in the hotel in general. The staff tended to be rude, the restaurant where they serve breakfast had not been cleaned for a while, and some of the breakfast food was frozen - not fresh as advertised.The self addressed card they gave me to rate their services was returned twice, who knows why.F.S.	
Jul 23 2009 	I'm a big fan of the Parker Meridien	I am a big fan of the Parker Meridien. A gem within the Starwood portfolio in New York. What I like:1) Service: I remember on my first night, checking in and I couldn't turn my TV on. I called the front desk, and explained that I tried the remote, pressing the power button, etc. and it still didn't work. The response was, &quot;unbelievable, I will send someone right away.&quot; I liked that. I also remember observing one of the bell man's saying &quot;yes captain,&quot; to the bell captain. I liked that air of professionalism.2) The gym: not brand new equipment but huge for a hotel gym. Free weights, racketball court, yoga room, lots of machines, what not to like?3) There are decent restaurant options in the area, and Burger joint in the lobby is actually a cool environment, which is rare for a hotel joint4) Rooms are quite large for New York5) Value: a lot cheaper than other Starwood properties in NYCWhat could improve:1) Beds: unfortunately just not a heavenly bed2) Televisions: some of the rooms still have old CRT televisions instead a fancy new flat panel3) Air Conditioning: too loud and I often seem to be cold in the room4) NO LOUNGE: Starwood Platinums lament...5) I don't understand why they don't just leave your bill under your door on the last day, you have to stop by the front desk on the way out. A strange inconvenience for business travelers.Nonetheless I have stayed here four or five weeks straight so they must be getting a lot right to keep me from going to other options in the area.	
Jul 23 2009 	One of the Best Hotels in Manhattan	I have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have had an excellent experience on each occasion. This is truly one of the best hotels I have stayed at in Manhattan. As an SPG Platinum member, the staff immediately upgrades me to a suite, and gives me access to the phenomenal fitness club with a top story pool. They truly know how to treat their guests, particularly frequent travelers.The location is in the heart of the City, with walking access to most of mid-town's attractions, and within a few blocks of Central Park South, Carnegie Hall, 5th Avenue, and numerous other attractions.Rates at the hotel tend to vary wildly based on the calendar, but careful monitoring of rates can get some good deals on a truly great hotel in a premium location.	
Jul 18 2009 	terrible rathole	look at my pictures they speak for themselves.asked for 2 full beds and a low floor. They placed me on hold and contacted your hotel before hanging up with me. Upon check in I was told there were only 2 twin beds and my daughter would have to sleep in a roll out bed. I said that was not acceptable so they gave me a Handicap room without telling me it was handicap.  I have never been in such a dingy disgusting room or hotel. Even your halls stink like mold. my daughter cryed for 1 hour because she could not sleep in that dirty sofa so my husband who has to have spinal surgery in the near future slept on it sideways.	
Jul 16 2009 	Accepts Pets Not Pet friendly!	They &quot;accept&quot; pets, however, we felt like we were an inconvenience to the staff at Le Parker when we brought our dog. All we received was stares and repetitive questions about our dog, information we previously provided the hotel when we made our reservations. I have never dealt with such an unfriendly staff in my life at any hotel. We had to check out early due to an in family emergency and during check out the only thing the staff said was, &quot;you won't be getting a refund.&quot; well, it was worth it to find out about this hotel and we will stay elsewhere on our return trips. I will not recommend this place to anyone with a pet. The location for Central Park was excellent and the room was ok but beware the sensitive mini bar and no coffee maker in the room. Starbucks was a life saver. The only friendly staff member we encountered was John D. who we exchanged emails with, prior to our arrival. Perhaps John D should be training the rest of the staff in customer service. Thanks John!	
Jul 14 2009 	great hotel but some definite flaws	in general i would agree with most of the other reviewers that this is a great hotel. i also got a nice discount on hotwire and was very pleased with the location and service. their health club is a real gym and definitely is worth $10/day; they even offer aerobics classes and a giant wii screen. the massage therapists at the spa are very good and worth a 60-minute booking.that being said, here are a few caveats that may or may not influence your decision:1. the curtains are sheer and the room becomes very bright at sunrise (6AM this time of year). if you can't sleep in a bright room this is not the place for you.2. there is no in-room coffee and amenities cost a premium rate. for example, it costs $15 to press (not launder, just press) one shirt. they do provide a nice iron though. 3. the weight-sensitive mini bars at parker meridien seem to be more trouble that they're worth. i heard at least three separate complaints on incorrect charges while waiting at the front desk, and i myself was charged for two bottles of liquor when i never even opened the refrigerator door! my issue was complicated by the fact that i stayed an extra night and the bill for the previous three nights was closed out before i could dispute the charge. they told me someone would call me on monday to let me know if the charges had been taken off but no one did; the following thursday i called the finance dept myself and that person (mark?) said they would call me back but also never did. the charges finally were reversed but i still consider it unprofessional to say you're going to call someone back (twice) and then not follow through on it, especially if you're working at a four-star hotel. the bottom line: don't check out at the last minute.that being said i still gave the hotel four stars and wouldn't complain if it came up again on a hotwire booking. i still think these issues should be brought to light as they might be dealbreakers for some.	
Jul 13 2009 	great staff great hotel	We booked this hotel with a great deal from Priceline. The last time we used Priceline the hotel staff did not seem very nice nor would they respond to special requests even though we spent a lot of money in the spa and for golf.THE STAFF AT THE PARKER IS WONDERFUL. When we mentioned it was our anniversary they upgraded us to a king bed on the 38th floor with a park view. It was wonderful. The room was lovely, bed and bedding fabric was clear. They delivered ice within minutes and just treated us great. I can understand why some might dislike the burger smell but the burgers (wish we could have tried one but not enough time) must be great since there are always long lines. I can't say enough about this hotel. the pool is lovely. the bar is beautiful. the room service was great. We can't wait to go back	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Location	I went back and forth many times trying to decide on whether to stay in Times Square or not. I decided not and I am very happy with my decision. Le Parker Meridien is a perfect location for business or leisure travelers. I was traveling with my kids and we were 2 blocks from Central Park, 1 block from the subway station, 2 blocks from FAO Schwartz, but most important, the location is quiet, not like Times Square - a Zoo! The hotel has a rooftop pool so the kids can cool off, plus the burger restaurant serves wonderful hamburgers. The cocktail bar is very cool looking and the staff was friendly. Our room was a bit small and there were not enough drawers in the room. We had a stunning view of Central Park and the hotel is located directly across from Starbucks and Dean and DeLuca, not to mention many other top notch restaurants and stores. It was great to return to our hotel from all the hustle and bustle of NYC to a more quiet area. I would recommend that concierge provide a map of all the restaurants located within a 3 block distance. It would have been much easier to go over the map when I had time, then to decide right then and there in front of the concierge.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location great service great experience at a fun hotel	We had a great experience at Le Parker Meridien. First, we got a great rate through Priceline. We’re a couple with a young child, so were a little concerned about getting a room big enough for all three. When we checked in, Andrew at the front desk said he’d send up an extra bed before we even asked. The room comfortably fit the small rollaway bed.Our room was as expected, given the many reviews here – nice Herman Miller chair, fun rotating entertainment cabinet (with an old CRT television), comfortable bed, chic décor. The bathroom was clean and unremarkable. Not much of a view, but that wasn’t really a concern.Burger Joint, the secret-that-everyone-knows-about, was also as good as expected. You can charge the meal to your room, despite the sign that says “cash only.”The pool on the roof was very nice, with spectacular views.The cartoons playing in the elevators were my daughter’s favorite thing about the hotel. It’s a good place for kids, despite the trendy appearance.On checkout, we were charmed by bellman Maurice – he is really outstanding. Service was great all around.The rooms don’t have wireless internet, only Ethernet connections. Remember to ask for an Ethernet cable at the front desk, if you don’t have one. The coffee bar doesn’t have brewed coffee, only espresso drinks, but there are other options for coffee.Overall, a great place, especially with a low Priceline rate.	
Jul 13 2009 	Nice Choice in a great location	Wife and I and usually stay at the Essex House, but for $239/night for a King room I thought we would give the Meridian a shot. Being a Native New Yorker, I am usually a tough critic of NY hotels. We drove in from NJ and brought our dog this time. Parking is $50 per night which is typical Midtown prices, and the garage is right next door. Hotel lobby is very large and busy. 56th Street is a nice quiet block on the weekend and very convienent to Central Park, restaurants, and theater. Great location for tourists. The room is quiet nice and simple. Good size for a NY room. Bed is like a rock and sheets are so so. TV is a nice flat panel in a moveable entertainment stand. TV is very close to the bed. There is a DVD player as well. Plenty of room to move around, and a nice view of the City. Quiet AC and no noise from outside or other rooms. My only complaint was the bathroom. It is way too small and felt like you were showering in the sink. You actually need to move around to close the door. They also could provide some more bathroom products other than a bar of soap and shower products. Shower water pressure was pretty light too. Otherwise, this hotel is defitinitely a great choice for a tourist or anyone else that wants to be smack in the middle of the action. Nice desk staff and welcomed our dog. Still find the Essex House rooms a little nicer, but for $239 it is a good value.	
Jul 9 2009 	Excellent hotel excellent location!	We travel to NYC often and whenever possible we stay at Le Parker Meridien. For a number of reasons it is our favorite NYC hotel. We love the comfortable rooms and helpful staff. The location is great, walking distance to great shopping, central park, times square, and subway stations right on the block. Norma's is the best breakfast and we visit Norma's at least once every trip even when we don't stay at the hotel. The rooftop pool is wonderful. There is a great view of the city and central park. The pool is perfectly heated and very comfortable. The pool experience is especially wonderful in the summer months when they allow you to go outside.	
Jul 7 2009 	Awesome!!!!!	I very much enjoyed my stay at this property. Check in was seamless and the staff was very professional and accommodating. The room was large by NYC standards and very clean and with modern decor.. I loved the bed and bathroom. Very comfortable. I could see the park from my window. The hotel is located a block from central park and near just about everything, so no need to take a taxi or subway. The food and bar downstairs was excellent. I would highly recommend this hotel to travelers to nyc.	
Jul 5 2009 	Not worth the price	We were guests of The David Letterman Show and they set us up in this hotel. I would have been angry had I needed to put out the money for this room. It claimed to have a King size bed in the bedroom area of our suite. (It was a Double bed) The fold out sofa was at least a Queen. The room was worn looking and had things patched up and pieced together. For being over $500-$600 a night, this should have been immaculate and with more ammenities.	
Jul 2 2009 	What a fabulous stay at the Parker Meridian!!:)	My husband and I brought out two grandchildren 6 &amp; 7 years old and they loved the hotel! We had a beautiful suite with a city view. The kids after walking the city all day loved swimming in the pool and the breakfast I have never seen them clean their plate but to be honest so did I! The conceirge made great recommendations of places to eat and to take the kids to and on the train ride home they just want to make sure we are staying at the Parker Meridian again!	
Jul 2 2009 	the location staff food and atmosphere all were excellent.	Call ahead. Talk to the staff versus on the computer (Josette) she's the best. There's plenty to do, shopping, plays, sports, and the staff can get you there.	
Jul 2 2009 	Great first trip to New York	Our first trip to New York could not have been better and Le Parker Meridien really made our stay first class. The position - our room overlooked Central Park - was terrific. Everything about the hotel was first class.	
Jul 2 2009 	Satisfied with my first stay at the Le Parker Meridien	My stay at the Parker Meridien was my 3rd Starwood hotel I was staying in while on a recent trip to NYC. Check-in was not the quickest and I think they could train their employees to be a bit more personable. Was given a nice king room on the 29th floor with a beautiful view of Central Park. The room was decent but I did feel that certain things in the room needed to be upgraded to keep up with other hotels in NYC. For one they need new TVs and my room had the oldest iron I have ever had at a hotel. Beds were comfortable and I also really like the bath products (Peter Thomas Roth) that they provided. Bellman was great and really went out of his way to help guests (unlike the ones I experienced at both the W Times Square and W Court) I also really liked the location for shopping and its proximity to Central Park.	
Jun 29 2009 	Not a great experience....	We stayed here for 6 nights, and wouldn't go back. The service was slow ( sometimes lines of 15 people at reception), I asked for an adaptor and was told that there was a waiting list of 12 people, and I should just buy my own from Duane Reade, part of the bathroom wall fell off when the door was shut, the bathroom door handle was broken, on 2 of our days here our room was not cleaned at all (we were out of the room for the majority of the day and called to remind them), 15 mins wait to get bags from the bellboy (despite explaining that I needed to get a plane). The list goes on....We complained on our first few days, but gave up soon after, as we couldn't bear the wait to complain!The hotel needs a repaint and refresh as it looks tired, and the staff seem to feel like that too.The positives are the burger bar, Normas for breakfast, and the room size is good. (Although bathrooms are small).	
Jun 28 2009 	Convenient location fairly spacious rooms and we had a great view!	Our room had a north-facing view of Central Park although we were hardly in the room much to enjoy it . . after all, this is New York City!! The view and the great water pressure in the shower were a huge plus. I am wondering why the glasses in my room were basically tall slender shot glasses. . . I drink a lot more water than that so a glass that is more than 2 oz. in size would be a nice touch. The iPod dock/charger was a nice - I always like it when hotels have iPod docks. I found the staff to be friendly, accomodating and professional. One tip: if you check out and leave your luggage with the hotel to store for the rest of the afternoon, be prepared to wait a while for them to retrieve it once you return. Apparently the storage room is not in the lobby itself and it took them about 15 minutes to get my bag.The only drawback is the abundance of mirrors in the lobby (56th street side). That is the last thing I need in the early am after a night of too much wine and not enough sleep on my way to my first Starbucks run of the day.Regrettably, I did not get to try the Burger Bar as I had hoped . . too many other meals around town this time. I will be sure to try it the next time I am in NYC - I will likely visit Le Parker again in the future!	
Jun 27 2009 	Nice rooms but slow service	Great location with large modern rooms but let down by the slow service. It seems to have loads of staff to help you but they are not very quick to sort any problems or even serve you! We soon started to go elsewhere for our drinks as the staff seemed too busy talking to each other. However, the hotel was clean and ideal as a base to see and explore New York.	
Jun 26 2009 	Le Parker Meridien - what a great place for a family in NYC!!	My husband and I stayed with our 9 and 13 year old boys for six days - our first stay at this hotel. As most families know, a long stay in NYC with active kids can be trying unless the kids have some physical outlet - well this hotel made it so easy!!! Everything about the hotel was truly awesome from the staff to the amenities and the location. Most surprising is the activities and services available for the kids - never would have guessed it! We used the pool, racquetball and basketball courts and the famous burger joint in the lobby on a daily basis. Location is also key - quick walk(just a few blocks) to Fifth Avenue, Central Park, Times Square, Broadway shows, the indoor mall at Columbus Circle(complete with Whole Foods and Bouchon Bakery) as well as the subway stations only a block away to whisk you to both Yankee and Mets stadium. Concierge gave great recs for kid friendly restaurants - Otto, Ellens Stardust Diner, Topaz Thai(right next to the hotel) and more. We will definitely be back thanks to a great job by Starwood in all categories!!	
Jun 26 2009 	Great Location Great Accommodations	Travelled with my mother who is in a wheelchair, the roll-in shower was perfect, room was very clean, larger than most with separate sitting area.Easy walk to Carnagie Hall, Central Park, Times Square, and Broadway.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great stay in midtown! Close to the Park Carnegie Hall	Stayed at this great hotel while I was going to a show at Carnegie Hall. Very nice rooms, attentive staff, great meeting spaces, and only half a block from Carnegie Hall, Russian Tea room and other great places. Look forward to staying there again soon.	
Jun 24 2009 	one of the better ones in NYC	Mixed feelings since I had a memorable, good stay as being upgraded to a junior suite (USD 330) but my colleague had a standard room which was too small and dated. My suite was large, newly refurbished, king size bed but too soft to me. Large TV but very old came along with VHS player and a CD player. Lovely but expensive breakfast (USD 45), I had a crepe with spicy salsa, and a plate of berries. Really great food. The service was too pushy but okay in NYC standards. On the top floor (42nd) there is a tiny swimming pool, too salty and warm water but I still enjoyed it.	
Jun 23 2009 	A great value in NYC	This is a great place with spacious modern rooms, great location and great staff.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Location - Dated and Needs Renovation	I have stayed at the Parker on and off for about 10 years. I have read all of the reviews here and have to disagree with many regarding the room decor and bathrooms.The pros-great location - -staff great-Normas - best breakfast in town-Burger Bar - amazing burger/fries - cheap!-internet - wired and worked great-Gravity Gym - 10 bucks a day but a great gym - should be complimentaryThe cons - -construciton across the street - noisy at 7am (park view room)-room decor dated and requires updating - old tv/beds, etc-bathrooms - dated and needs major faceliftBottom line - at 150 bucks (priceline) or the weekend and over 300 during the week, the Parker is no longer a great value. The hotel is centrally located and within walking distance to times square, theatre, the park, shopping, etc. However, this hotel is NOT luxurious by any means. If you seek luxury, go elsewhere. If you seek location, stay here OR check out the Blakely on 55th. I stayed at Blakely last summer and must say that the rooms are much better. However, the Parker does offer full service amenities not found elsewhere.	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent Stay	I have stayed at this property many times and have been impressed not only with the quality of the accomodations and staff but also the convenience of their location. Great place to stay when in NYC.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great Place to stay in NYC	Concierge staff was great. Was always willing to help and advise. They could not have been better. Our room was very comfortable, clean and had a view of Central Park.They rooftop pool was very nice. Not big but a fun place to go to just relax.Location is perfect. 1 1/2 blocks from subway. 8 blocks from time Square. 2 1/2 blocks from Columbus Circle. Whole Foods on Columbus Circle is a good place to eat.	
Jun 16 2009 	I love this hotel!	We were upgraded upon arrival to a junior suite on the 35th floor. It was spacious and beautiful. The hotel has two great restaurants, Norma's and the Burger Joint--best burger in NYC. Great location and service topped it off. This is my new home in the city.	
Jun 15 2009 	Wonderful 24 Hours	After receiving a discount coupon for The Wiz through Essence.com, I knew I had to get to New York. Booked via Hotwire for my proximate location and guess what--the hotel was located just behind the theater--NY City Stage/Center. I'm talking a 2 minute walk across the street, through the walk-thru and to the front of the venue. It couldn't have been better if I'd purchased direct through the hotel myself. This was great, when we walked back to the hotel after the show, we got to see the actors leave. They left out of the exit which faced the front of the hotel.An on site burger joint is just that--amazing, cheap and always crowded. Plan accordingly. The hotel is located on the 56th side if you are driving yet the address directs you to the 57th street side, which is just a side entrance. This posed major issues because we could have been to the hotel 45 minutes earlier if we'd known this. I would say plan accordingly as NY is busy on Saturdays and trying turn yourself around can be a difficult feat. Nonetheless, after calling the hotel we were properly routed among the one-way streets and we arrived safely. Valet is $50! Again, plan accordingly. The hotel sticks out from other buildings on the street. Just amazingly chic! Check in was a breeze. The hotel was beautiful. And often crowded as it offers great dining options, as mentioned above, as well as another place. Sasha was great. I told them it was my honeymoon and birthday and we were upgraded a few floors with a great view of a very huge and infamous park. Not to mention party gifts of strawberries and the usual. The elevators were quick. The rooms aren't huge but they make due. More than 2 ppl would have been difficult to manage but we only had a Queen. For my first time actually staying in NY, this was nice and cozy yet contemporary. I wasn't too happy about the skimpy drapes because they let in tons of sun in the morning but it was a good thing because it got us up and out of the hotel. Overall, the hotel is centralized depending on what you want to do in the area. Yet, its out of the way from the Times Square madness.	
Jun 12 2009 	Nearly Perfect Hotel Experience	The staff at the Parker Meridien were entirely welcoming. The rooms beautiful, the near-park midtown location spectacular, and the in- house &quot;top secret&quot; Burger Joint is very much a standout. The new General Manager and staff have much to be proud about, this is very special property, and well worth considering for anything from an overnight, to an extended stay. The rooftop pool and great Central Park views add to the experience.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Stay	Can't say enough about this hotel. Loved everything from the burger joint, to the hotel bar, to the cartoons running in the elevators. You can't beat its location nor the friendly staff. Excellent stay.	
Jun 5 2009 	Excellent Place to Stay	The Location, Ambiance and Dedicated Employee’s of the Le Parker Meridien makes your stay for either Business or Leisure truly satisfying. Taking into consideration the dollar value &amp; location; there is no better place to stay in Midtown	
Jun 4 2009 	A great NYC Hotel	I normally stay in NYC at least once a month and I was very impressed by the treatment from the staff. The staff works hard to make sure your stay is great and the rooms were great. If you visit check out the hidden burger place off the lobby, the fantastic coffee near the back entry and the great breakfast specials.	
Jun 4 2009 	Much better than just a place to crash	When I go to NYC, I go with the mentality that as far as a hotel is concerned, it's just a place to crash. I like a nice hotel certainly, but ultimately I am going to be unconscious, that is sleeping, most of the time that I am in my room. The Parker Meridien exceeded my expectations. It is located in mid-town...being an ex-New Yorker, mid-town is one of the most horrible locations, to be avoided at all cost...BUT, it's not that close to Time Square (that's a good thing) and it is quite close to Central Park and Fifth Avenue (another good thing). From the moment we checked in, the service was friendly and we were upgraded to a top floor with a view of Central Park. The room was modern and airy (no weird smells either), the king size bed was quite comfortable and we slept deeply without any disturbance of hall or city sound. The bathroom was fine and clean...the shower (good water pressure) wets the window and as a result the caulking is full of mold...that may bother some people but I could really care less. There is a swimming pool and a gym in the hotel but we did not visit either. There is also internet connection...just a bit slow but it was also fine. Gotta say, it was much better than just a place to crash, I would certainly stay here again!	
Jun 4 2009 	An unforgettable stay that turned into a second Honeymoon!	The staff at Le Parker Meridien, New York was simply amazing. My wife and I traveled to NYC to celebrate our 5th year anniversary and attend a concert at NY City Hall. The staff went out of their way to make our stay a truly remarkable one. If you have any special celebrations, just contact the hotel ahead of time and forget about everything else: they'll make your stay an unforgettable one.	
Jun 3 2009 	A Serene Moment In New York City	Want to get away from hustle and bustle when it's time to retire for the evening? This is the place. If you're lucky enough to get a Central Park view, you'll love this property. Perfect place for couples; kids, absolutely not; unless they know how to be really quiet!	
Jun 2 2009 	This place gets old fast	I stayed at Le Parker Meridien for two weeks on business this past February. The hotel is nice enough, but it doesn't take long before the problems start to arise. The good parts are definitely the location, the aesthetic and the Burger Joint downstairs. The bad things are the quality of the room and the service. I loved the location and found it easy to get around the city from here. There are plenty of good places to eat nearby (which is good since the restaurants are expensive in the hotel) and the proximity to Broadway is excellent. The Burger Joint downstairs is great if you don't mind waiting in line.Now for the problems... My main problem was with my room. First of all, it had a giant stain on the floor that looked like someone could've been murdered there. When I asked to have it cleaned, they said they would send someone, but no one came. The toilet ran a lot and the shower sounds (especially from the adjacent rooms) sounded like a train going through my room. Also, I had some jewelry stolen from the bathroom and clothes taken out with the linens, that once gone, were never recovered. When I called down to complain, I was told it would be taken care of, but of course nothing was done about. When I inquired about it upon checking out, I was told that they had no record of anything going missing. Go figure.I think this hotel is a fine place to stay for the short term, but if you are there for more than a couple of days, stay at your own risk.	
Jun 2 2009 	Amazing amazing amazing!!	We needed a getaway for our anniversary weekend, and we stayed at the Meridien. First let me say I will stay ONLY at the Meridien moving forward. We were warmly greeted by the staff, and as soon as they heard it was our anniversary we were upgraded. They held our bags for us while we explored the city, and when we returned we were greeted by first names, and given our room.Later that night they were nice enough to take pictures of us together, and to expertly give advice of where to go.The room was wonderful and spacious, the roof top pool is such a treat, with an exceptional view. The location is ideal - close to Central Park, Columbus Circle and amazing restaurants like Bar American and the Russian Tea Room.We both travel extensively for work and I have to say the service at this hotel was exceptional and outstanding.We will return and recommend it to all our friends.	
May 29 2009 	Not So Good Not So Bad Either	I can tell they are trying to be unique/best in every way.&quot;Best NY Brunch&quot; - Norma's&quot;Best hidden NY Burger&quot; - Burger Joint&quot;Best Hotel Gym&quot; - GravityHowever, one thing that they forgot to be the best is their SERVICE.1. The bellmen were just hanging around as my car came, they were watching me to get off bags in my car.2. The front desk agent gave me four wrong access codes for the wifi in the lobby. Come on, most hotels like W offers free internet in the lobby. Also, most hotel offers free airline boarding pass kiosk, where they hide it inside the room...oh boy.3. Housekeeping knocks my door 930am in the morning despite the &quot;do not disturb sign&quot;. I guess they were really trying to kick their customers out.4. Services in Norma's restaurant (waiters) is like non-existent. It makes you feel that they are doing you a favor to serve you and requires you to pay 20% tip.Also::1. The in room entertainment system (TV) is still CRT monitor from 90s. I guess they don't plan to upgrade that very soon.2. Saggy bed - perhaps I was too spoiled by the W beds.3. No Turndown service??? I thought most 4.5 to 5 stars hotel would do that! esp when they are trying for &quot;The Best!&quot;4. Their Room Key - Absolutely Horrible. Its a ~7x2&quot; long piece of plastic...yes I know they are trying to be &quot;unique&quot; but its very hard for us guys to place in the pocket or wallet since you can not bend or fold this magnetic strip. So not ergonomic. I like my room key wallet sized so I will not lose it. 5. Tom &amp; Jerry inside elevator - I know some people liked it but for me, the old school background music and squeaky elevator sound made me feel I am in those horror movie - you never know what to expect when the door opens. Come on LPM, if you are trying to create a modern feeling, stick it ALL the way. Play something modern or trendy inside the elevator too.The Goods:1. Herman Miller Chair. Every good hotel needs to have this in the room.2. Spacious Walk in shower with STRONG water pressure.3. Very good gym, with friendly service. 4. Rooftop pool with a view is hard to beat in NYC.5. Great Lobby! Very Contemporary.6. Good AC system inside the junior suite that I stayed in.7. North side of the hotel will have a park view. To me its nothing to write home about tho, but its nice to see some greens from your window.8. You can charge burger joint's food into your room! (Cash only for non hotel guests = more points for us!).9. Very Clean room10. Some people find this location to be good. For me, its a bit left to be desired.I don't know why this hotel gives me a very nickel &amp; dime cookie cutter feeling to me (They have no shower gel in this hotel, no mouthwash too!). Being a 4* star hotel, they should be more service orientated and need to update their room as well. I appreciate their effort to follow the SPG rules (upgrades, late check out) but please, esp when we are paying a good amount money to stay here, can you be more generous to your guests?	
May 26 2009 	So great we wished we stayed an extra night!	My husband and I stayed at the Le Parker Meridien on May 22nd for one night. We used SPG cash plus points program. Upon check in, Sasha our wonderful front desk person, suggested we upgrade to a junior suite. Great suggestion. The room was three times the size of your average NYC hotel room. It was beautiful! Our bell hop, whose name I cannot remember, was excellent in informing us of all the amenities of the hotel and area around it. Best bell hop ever!We dined at the Burger Joint...a must not miss place if you are in the area! The pool area was lovely and the views extraordinary! The staff at the hotel was friendly.The only drawback was that the tv did not allow access to the Yankees games. This was a disappointment. We were in town to see the Phillies vs the Yankees and would have enjoyed watching the game before heading out for the evening. Such a minor detail among all the fabulousness will not keep us away though!If you get the opportunity, stay here. You will not be disappointed.	
May 25 2009 	Highly Recommended	From minute one my husband and I enjoyed attentive and pleasant service from all staff. Our bags were collected from our car service promptly, check-in was smooth and quick with a smile. I had a drink in the lobby bar and great service there. We enjoyed the pool that was tended to by a very nice lady who made us feel very welcome.Our room was stylish and spotless. I'm rather particular when it comes to hotel bathrooms...being turned off by mold on the shower curtain or grout, someone else's hair still on the floor, and the like. Everything was in order. The towels were very white and rather soft compared to most other places I've stayed. Bonus! In this category of hotel, I would say it's way more than we expected for the price. The hotel is located just a couple of streets to the south of Central Park and just a couple of streets away to high end shops if you like that kind of thing. There's a pharmacy a few doors down if you've forgotten something. Excellent dining outside of the hotel can be had as well. We dined at BLT Market and it was one of the best meals and service I've experienced.I would definitely stay here again.	
May 18 2009 	Very good for a bite-sized room	My room was small, but very comfortable by New York standards. The bed was a little too soft for me, but it was just the right size. The view was uninspiring, especially from the 20th floor, but eating the quickly-delivered room service by the window was nice anyway. The desk staff was not that friendly. The first room I got had a broken air conditioner, so I was moved 15 floors up to a similar room. Despite the hassle, the problem was taken care of quickly. The hidden Burger Joint was worth the wait, but I decided not to wait an hour for Norma's famous brunch. Overall, a good experience and a great location.	
Apr 28 2009 	Clean Comfortable ConvenientExcellent Service and Good Value	Have stayed in this hotel on three occasions and have never been disapointed. The rooms are reasonable for New York, Rooms are clean and comfortable. The decor is simple and contemporary not grand or fussy. I have stayed in several hotels on Times Square which are very conveniant when traveling with family but they can also be noisy and a little too much hustle and bustle. The Meridian is right by Carnegie hall and is only a short walk to Rockefeller Center or Radio City. The staff are professional and the hotel is clean and comfortable. Room Service was expensive. Starbucks is directly across the street and there is a great little cafe called Teleon that is a few doors up that has a great breakfast. For dinner try Rue 57 or Cafe Americano. Soo close and excellent food. This is not the 4 seasonsor the Waldorf but it is better than your average chain, Sheraton etc. Perfect if you want a nice hotel without paying through your nose.	
Apr 28 2009 	Was better in years past.	I have stayed at Le Meridien over the years when doing business in NYC, but this time around (after not having been there for a year or two), the hotel felt aged / tired and in need of some refreshing. The manager on duty at the time of my stay was named Natalie, and she was fanstastic in helping me find a better room than that originally assigned to me. Otherwise, service levels at the front desk and concierge station were perfunctory, at best. I don't know if this is the case, but the hotel struck me as potentially under new management and in need of an aesthetic and attitude adjustment (and I am a New Yorker, so perfectly happy with the normal &quot;attitude&quot; found there -- but the hotel staff -- down to the housekeeping -- was a bit more punchy than average). I find myself disappointed and now in need of a new place to stay when on business in NYC.	
Apr 27 2009 	Alexandra Smiley lives up to her name!	I work for a difficult organization when it comes to booking hotel room blocks. Constant changes, revisions, updates, cancellations, additions, etc. I worked in the hospitality industry for 16 years; nightclubs, hotels, restaurants including owning two of my own. I know a great and valuable associate when I meet one, and when I do, I try and recognize them as that kind of feedback is priceless. Alexandra took everything I threw at her and handled it all with class, charm, humor (very important) and professionalism. I never did get to meet her personally, though I would really have liked to. To me, she is an example of the hospitality industry's most valuable resource. An associated who CARES, really CARES about what she does and the experience the guest has. I always said I could teach an employee many things, but there was one you couldn't. And that is the ability to care about what you are doing and to take personal ownership and accountability for it. And Alexandra possesses that and more. If I were still in the industry or had a service business in NY, I would try and get her to work for me. In closing, she is an outstanding example of what we all would like to be and leaves me with the impression of my stay that we would all like to have. Give her the proper recoginition she deserves, and if you can give her a financial reward, plaque or certiificate, all the better.Sincerely,Kevin D. BrandtSr. Network ManagerEyeMed Vision Care/Luxottica Group	
Apr 22 2009 	VERY PLEASED WITH THE HOTEL	i booked my room thru Hotwire at a good rate, $150 per day. i would come back to the hotel but your rates are much higher and thru Hotwire, there is no guarantee i will get your hotel. your bar is great but i think $22 for a glass of wine is a bit high, you should revise your pricing. my range of hotels in New York are the Intercontinental, Elisee, Fitzpatrick, Waldorf which i will be there next week.	
Apr 21 2009 	surprise birthday and it was great!	The room and view were beautiful - it was of the park. The help at the concierge and front desk were great! They were a big help with finding a restaurant we knew of, (but not the name). They found it, and made our reservations. Definitely exceeded our expectations. Would gladly go back!	
Apr 21 2009 	Better than reviews would have you think......	We arrived to a very pleaseant welcome on a beautiful spring day, the room was clean and spacious enough for a short stay. We could find nothing to fault it really, bathroom was smallish but had everything we needed. Bed was large and very comfortable. TV stand was a bit quirky(70's maybe). Unlike other reviewers we couldn't fault the helpfulness of the staff. View over Central Park was superb. Norma's for food is good but very pricey - try a local diner for the same quality at quarter the price. If you want a great coffee (hard to find in the US except in Starbuck) go to Zibettos Espresso Bar round the corner at 6th Avenue and 57th St.We ate in Seppi's French Restaurant, this was good food, although not as French as we hoped, with a good atmosphere - worth a try!	
Apr 20 2009 	No big surprises either way	We booked this room on Hotwire, so we got a decent rate $160 a night inclusive for 3 nights. They did have a room ready for us to check into early which we had requested as we were arriving at 11 am. Room was clean, large desk area with internet. Internet was $16+ per day which is very high I think. No in room coffee and a very expensive mini-bar. Bathroom did have adequate counter space but was cramped with door open - hard to get out of shower with bathroom door open - no flat screen, TV was on a funky half-round column allowing it to swivel but it took up a lot of floor space. No drawer space to speak of, adequate closet. Hallways are fairly dark, cartoons were a funny touch in the elevator, room service was fine - on-time, usual prices for a 4-star hotel - the hotel does have a GREAT location in mid-town - close to the Park, Carnegie Hall, restaurants. Not outstanding, no surprises either way	
Apr 17 2009 	The Parker Meridien really gets me	&quot;Never let him get away&quot; is what my husband says about Rafael the concierge. It's not just the information about jazz, obscure shops and restaurants that flows freely, it's his warmth and intelligence. When someone loves what he does, it's rare - and infectious. I'm not a great sleeper but something about the bed in the junior suite lures me to sleep, even on the first night. The suite seemed cleaner than on previous stays and was very quiet. Norma's is disappointing these days...pricy but flat. Not so a few years ago. But with Mangia a few doors down from the hotel, I am never at a loss for good food. Overall, it was a great stay at a great price.	
Apr 16 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE	I encountered nothing but problems. I arrived shortly after 3:00 pm (the official check-in time), waited in line for about half an hour, and was told that, since the hotel was at full capacity, I would have to return in an hour for my key. So far, nothing wrong. However, when I returned, I waited again in the long line, only to be given a key to a room that had not been cleaned: there were dirty towels on the floor, soiled sheets on the bed, etc. After waiting in the extremely long line a third time, I was given a new key -- all business, no apology. All in all, it took over three hours from the 3:00 check-in to obtain a clean room. Simply unacceptable.The room itself was small, non-descript and stuffy (boiling at night). Fine if you get a good rate -- try Priceline --, not such good value if you pay full price on the hotel's website. All in all, a poorly run hotel with a factory feel: impersonal, unfriendly staff, long lines at check-in and at the elevators.	
Apr 14 2009 	Location Views and Fun!	We have just returned from a lovely 5 night visit to New York. After much consideration (including hours of TripAdvisor reading) we opted for Le Parker Meridien due to location and price.Neither my partner or I could really fault Le Parker at all. Our rooms were ready for 3:00pm unlike other reviewers and we were fortunate enough to receive a free upgrade to a central park view on the 36th floor. The views from the room were wonderful. The room itself is generally good. Reasonably sized, clean with nice large comfy beds and very quiet. My only issue was that I felt the room could be a little stuffy and the air con seemed to have little effect regardless of the temperature set. I would be concerned in the summer that it could be stifling but when it snows in New York in April it was only a minor problem.We ate a Norma's (reservation essential). Yes it is very expensive, especially at the moment with the £ exchange rate. Yes you still have to wait for a while to be seated. However the food is wonderful and so rich and well portioned that you will not need to eat for a very long time after.The location of Le Parker Meridien is excellent, nothing is too far away - central park, times square, 5th Avenue, Broadway are all close by.The only thing that stops us giving this a 5* is that the staff are efficient but not particularly warm or welcoming.Finally, keep your eyes peeled for celebs. We saw a certain UK X Factor winner checking out at the same time we were.	
Apr 14 2009 	Good service and good location.	I visited from London recently with my wife. We stayed two nights. Whilst this hotel isn't especially luxurious, it is clean and decent. Our room had a view of the Park. Some nice little touches, like TV's in the lifts (elevators) showing Tom and Jerry cartoons and Charlie Chaplin. We found the service from all the staff we came across to be excellent. Location is great - close enough to Central Park to be able to walk there easily, but far enough away that the hotel lobby doesn't smell of the poor horses. Easy to walk to theatres, shopping etc. Carnegie Hall is practically next door.Norma's is excellent for breakfast. Slightly unusual menu and EXPENSIVE, but large portions of good food, and good service. The food did take a little longer to arrive that I'd have liked, even though we were there as soon as the place opened, so it wasn't busy. Next time I think I'd try somewhere outside the hotel.The pool was a bit of a disappointment. It would be nice for kids to splash around in but it's too small (and crowded) for an adult to swim properly. It does have nice views though. Changing room also small, with just one shower (and toilets right there).Wi-fi was supposed to be free I thought, and there was a little sticker on the desk showing a password, but it just took you to a page where you have to register and pay. The internet through the TV is clunky and slow.But despite these niggles the overall experience was good - we enjoyed our stay and would go back.	
Apr 13 2009 	Incredible	The room was perfect - spacious by New York standards - upscale and in a great location. The staff was extremely curtious and helpful. It's the little things that make such a difference - one day it poured rain and when we went downstairs the hotel staff was handling out very nice umbrellas for guests use (lots of them). They simply asked that we return them later which of course we were happy to do. It was so nice not to have to find a discount umbrella that would blow apart after 5 minutes of use. View from the pool level was great - cartoons in the elevators- neat touch.	
Apr 13 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE	I have stayed in many hotels and this was by far the worst. I made my reservations through the hotel so that I could request 2 rooms closeby since my 94 yo grandmother was in NYC from Oregon. When I checked in, my room was on the 6th floor and hers was on the 12th floor. When I complained, I was basically told 'Tough, it is Easter weekend.' The rooms are small and need paint. There is no wifi-even though I could swear their website said there was. In order to lower the temperature in the room, you need to call someone to come and do it. This was not a good thing when at 2 am myself and my 5 year old were dying of heat. The gym is NOT free-it is $10. It says that nowhere in the room-we only found out once we were there. And the gym is an overheated dungeon.  After the gym, I went upstairs to shower and found the TUB FULL WITH SOMEONE ELSE'S OLD DIRTY WATER (we had not used it). Although the fix-it man came up quickly, it took a long time for him to fix it. When I complained, the manager offered us 2 complimentary breakfasts at the restaurant--I said we were a party of 4 and again I got the 'tough' answer. One would think that they would try to humor me since it was DISGUSTING. The restaurant was crowded and everytime we would inquire as to how long since my 5 year old was starving, the answer was 'a few more minutes'--after about 30 minutes, we went elsewhere. This hotel was awful with a total lack of regard for the hotel guests. DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Apr 12 2009 	Very roomy and well appointed	We only spent one night at the Parker Meridien and we found our recently remodeled room to be very well concieved: roomy, contemporary but warm styling, very comfortable bedding and a convenient place for every item (a rarity in city hotel rooms). We had a lovely, romantic 19th floor cityscape view toward Central Park. Of course, the hotel is also well located, near to theaters and fifth Avenue, but without the hubub of the theater district. We opened the window for the night and there was hardly even any traffic noise! We didn't have a chance to see it, but were told by another guest that there is a very attractive swimming pool at the top of the hotel. Tried unsuccessfully to get into Norma's for breakfast. Since we were able to book the room with Starwood points, even better!	
Apr 9 2009 	nice hotel good location great value	Just got back from a 4 night getaway to NYC with my husband and 2 kids (7 &amp; 17) during first week of April, 2009. Had a great stay overall and would both recommend, and return here without question. Great value because we got a good deal from Priceline at $140, compared to about $290 on their reservation page. Service was not overwhelming, but it was polite.PROS: Elegant &amp; peaceful hotel, easy access to subway, and centrally located. Hotel lobby had a nice modern high-end feel, rooms were OK. Youngest daughter loved the pool on the roof, great view of Central Park and the city. The famous Burger Joint had good burgers, along with the (infamous) cranky servers. Even had a little Hollywood moment when we say a TV actress walking around with her kids.CONS: We arrived at 6:30 pm Sat, and rooms still weren't ready. We walked around, but it wasn't until 8:00 pm that we checked back (they didn't call us as promised) and only then did we get assigned a room. No apologies or other considerations. Not sure if the lack of service was because of the Priceline reservation (it was mentioned twice), or they were just not too attentive. Beds were a little soft, no coffee maker and/or minifridge (you take it out, you pay for it). But as other said, there is a Starbucks and other decent restaurants nearby. Internet was $15/night.OTHERS:Parking was $50/night, but that's NYC for you. Still, other hotels nearby have a discounted hotel parking rate (e.g., Doubletree Metropolitan).	
Apr 6 2009 	Not top of the line	My wife and I stayed for 2 nights while apartment hunting in Manhattan.Good points:In a good central location for shows, Central Park, and midtown.Very comfortable bed.Great burger joint hidden behind a curtain next to check-in. Friendly service.Less good/poor:Room just OK for this price range. No in room coffee service. Room looked a little tired.A/C wouldn't get room really cool. No wireless service in room. This is really strange in a hotel of this class. Big detriment for us. Ethernet cable access only at a hefty $18/day.Overall, not up to the high standards of a hotel in this class. You definitely won't hate it, but I think you'll find better choices available.	
Mar 30 2009 	Fun with Kids	There are so many places to pick from in NYC, but we chose this one because we were using miles. We were traveling with out four kids ages 10-1 yrs and were pleasantly surprised to learn about the roof top pool, amazing &quot;Burger Joint,&quot; and the 20 foot Wii- what else do you need with kids!!! When my kids are happy, I'm happy. We definitely gave up comfort on the beds. They were small and uncomfortable. No plush linens. The rooms were modern, but small. All in all it was a great stay. Norma's had great breakfast, but it took 1 hour for our food to come- ugh! Also, tons of nuts in everything. (I only mention because 1 of 4 of my kids has a couple allergies). Also, for those of you who enjoy a great workout, there's a full service gym attached to the hotel. That's were they did the Wii, in a racquetball court for about $50/hr.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great Hotel - Priceline it - Much better Price	This hotel is absolutely beautiful. Great location by the subway and Carnegie Hall. We used priceline to book the room and paid $130.00 versus the over $300.00 price tag you will pay booking directly from the site. The internet is $16.00 per day and the gym $10.00 per day.The room was huge and very clean, the bed super comfortable!The view from the roof....awesome!	
Mar 24 2009 	Great location enjoyed our stay	We stayed for 5 nights on a room only basis. We could've done with tea/coffee making facilities but there is a starbucks over the road from the entrance.The hotel was clean and reception desk staff were very friendly and helpful.Went up to the rooftop pool but didn't swim - great views so go up and have a look.Great location near to central park, fifth ave, times sq/broadway and to subway stations. Try the burger joint in the hotel - it's fantastic.Would stay there again.	
Mar 23 2009 	good location great service nice room	Stayed at Le Parker Meridien NYC in late July/early August 2008. A friend and I were in a double room (2 dbl beds) and the room was clean, reasonably well maintained and quite roomy (as well as being pretty quiet). Decor was pleasant basic modern style. We picked up a cheap room as part of an Expedia deal and so were quite low on the building facing into another building over an alley. We got in very late (1:30 a.m. NYC time) and were able to order full meals from room service! Location was good – located between two different subway lines (one at the end of the block in each direction) – it was very easy to get around. Some but not very many restaurants in the immediate few blocks around the hotel so you may have to travel a bit to eat unless you want to eat at the hotel.I was impressed with the service we received during our stay – the concierge was very helpful throughout with bookings, reservations, directions etc. Even more impressive my friend had a bad fall on the cobblestones of SOHO our first afternoon in NYC and when I managed to get us back to the hotel the staff were amazing – very helpful and clearly genuinely worried about my friend and the hotel doctor and his office were helpful that night and the next morning. BTW a shout-out to the great and friendly folks of NYC who helped us when she fell and the wonderful staff and management at Bloomingdale's Soho location who were so very, very helpful to us. Sorry for the late post. I have been using the reviews intensively in planning an upcoming trip and so feel I should start doing my duty by posting reviews too.	
Mar 18 2009 	What a wonderful stay at a perfect location!	I had the pleasure of staying at LeParker Meridian in Manhattan earlier this month. From the moment I walked in the door, I was treated with the utmost kindness and warmth from the LPM staff - especially Andrew at the front desk. The hotel is way cool, the location is simply perfect, and the burgers at the restaurant (you'll see if you go), fantastic! And don't forget to check out the pool on the penthouse. You can't find a better view! Wholly recommend this fabulous hotel!	
Mar 12 2009 	A chic bit of old-time Europe hosterly in our own backyard.	What can I say?This was not our first stay -- nor, we sincerely hope, will it be our last.The staff, the location, the service. All exemplary.	
Mar 12 2009 	Eat at Norma's Sleep Elsewhere	It was a whirlwind business trip and I only stayed one night but I was very disappointed. The room is small (not by NY standards but compared to the smaller W properties midtown which give you a lot more square footage for the same price) with two TWIN beds rather than double beds. The mattresses and bedding sagged and looked worn. The phone by the bed didn't work and the sheets had holes in them. The only saving grace is Norma's downstairs - really great food, always. If you want to pay around $350 you are better off at the W Court or Tuscany.	
Mar 11 2009 	Fabulous facility and great location	We spent a wonderful weekend in New York at Le Parker Meridien. It was convenient to shopping, Central Park, fabulous bars and restaurants and a short cab ride to the theater. The staff was extremely courteous and attentive.	
Mar 11 2009 	Needs a makeover but beautiful views and excelevnt service	I've stayed at Le Parker Meridien on business eight times since April of 2007 and will continue to go back when in the neighborhood. The hotel rooms are very spacious for NYC but look tired. On frequent visits the lamps have been damaged or window shades is disrepair. However the platform beds are extremely comfortable. The Park Views rooms are breathtaking and the Mini-suites offer a den with a sofa bed, love seat and large walk in shower. Although I've not personally used their work out gym, I'm told by fellow guests it's one of the best. The rooftop pool offers spectacular views.The staff is very friendly and any request has always been handled quickly and with a smile. The hotels greatest secret is the burger bar off the lobby (between the front desk and concierge). Best hamburger in the city. There is a small bar in the atrium and Sepi's restaurant connected next door. Patrick, the bartender, if very courteous and quick with a drink.Overall there are better hotels for fluff but Le Parker Meridien is in a great neighborhood with an exceptional staff and clean, large rooms. I highly recommend you see for yourself.	
Mar 10 2009 	SPG Platinum Member Review	I am a top tier member of the SPG Program. Hotel is located on 56th between 6th and 7th. A couple of blocks down from Central Park. I paid $225/night including valet parking. Prior to the stay I emailed the hotel to ask about accomodations. Being a platinum member I had a choice of a park view room (300 sq feet) or a junior suite (500 sq feet). The Jr suites do not have park views. I let guest relations manager decide . We checked in around 1pm on a Saturday and pulled the car up to the front entrance. The valet helped us unload the car and we went to check in. We were shown to the front desk, there was no line and we checked in. Being a platinum member we were given our 500 SPG points as well as free passes to the Gravity Gym. (i wish we used it but its a full gym). Checkin was easy and very friendly. The Lobby was very nice and spacious with tall ceilings. Normas, a bar and the famous burger joint were all located in the lobby. We did not try Normas BUT you have to try the burger joint. It is only marked by a neon hamburger sign. There was a huge line to get in on Saturday but we went on Sunday and it was well worth it. Its a small &quot;divey&quot; place to get great burgers and fries. There was no line when we went on Sunday at 12pm and the burgers are great and atmosphere was awesome. Great music in a divey square room with tables and chairs. Now on tghe room:We went to to the 39th floor with bags in tow. The bellman was very friendly and we were given a jr suite. The bellman unloaded our bags and hung up all our coats for us. Very nice, showed us the room and pointed out locations from the window. The jr suite was spacious. The first half of the room had a big window with a window bench, sofa, coffee table, fridge , table and also a work desk. There was a 27in TV (not plasma) that was in an entertainment center that could swivel between the living area and bedroom. A VCR and DVD player were part of the system. Bedroom area was nice with a king bed and a very large bathroom. I liked the fact that you had soap for the sink and shower. In my previous stays at other Starwood properites I've noticed that Starwood has been cutting back and only leaves 1 soap for the sink and shower. All the products were PeterThomasRoth very nice!The view from the room was of other buildings and you had a peek of the hudson river but the room had nice big windows so you had a lot of light. We went to the top floor to check out the rooftop pool which was cool because it was indoors and you had a nice view of the Central Park. I have stayed at the Westin Times Sq, Sheraton both locations in the city, all the W properties in the city and we liked the Le Parker the best. For the money we paid, the upgraded room, burger joint, friendly service we would stay here agina nd make this out choice for a NYC hotel.A very special touch, we had gone out shopping for the afternoon and when we got back we had a nice bottle of Evian water and chocolate covered strawberries in our room compliments of the guest relations manager. Very nice touch and we will be staying here on our next visit either for leisure or business.	
Mar 5 2009 	Best time ever	We will definitely be back! My wife and I loved everything about Le Parker Meridien. We got upgraded to a beautiful deluxe room overlooking Central Park when we told management that we were getting married.Thank you for a wonderful time!	
Mar 2 2009 	wonderful	everything about this hotel was top notch, friendly, clean, comfortable and a great pot of coffee!!!	
Feb 28 2009 	Not four stars	Stayed here for a week in February for a business trip. My room was on the 36th floor. The room wasn't a bad size, but that's about all that was good about it. Windows were so dirty you couldn't see out. Had cheap curtains and a crummy roll-down shade. Bathroom was dirty and the shower reeked of mildew.The hotel constantly stinks of hamburgers -- even on the 36th floor! -- due to the hamburger restaurant in the lobby. Staff was nice and very professional. Great location. Nice if overpriced cocktail bar. The restaurant attached (not hamburgers) -- Seppi's -- was like a time warp. Highly recommended. We met there nearly every night and saw a veritable cast of characters -- stars of yesteryear -- Donna Elliott from the Godfather, Morty Craft (former head of MGM studios), Tom Jones two nights in a row.	
Feb 23 2009 	Enhanced a very packed trip immensely!	We arrived in New York on the 15th Feb for a 3 day trip for my partners 40th bday. I booked the trip through a great travel agent who organised us a 'run of house' room. From the moment we got to the hotel the staff were fantastic. Helpful with luggage, checking in, showing us our room etc. The reception staff were great, in particular Edwin, who gave us a great room overlooking Central Park. The room was fantastic, very comfortable beds, lovely bathroom and relaing facilities - dvd/mini bar etc. The swimming pool was delightful with stunning views and superb changing facilities. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as we chose to hunt out cheaper American deli's. (I believe the food could be expensive but not sure about that)We did try the very retro burger bar which was great, and often came back to the hotel and relaxed in their very chic lounge bar. The cocktails were great!The location was good as we were only 10 mins walk from Times Square but suitably out of the hustle and bustle. Fifth Ave was close, as was the tube station.I thought this hotel really enhanced our trip We did so much in the day time and it was wonderful to come back to a relaxing room, especially on the day it rained. The view made it worthwhile! Also, on mentioning it was my partners birthday - they sent us a complimentary bottle of wine, chocolate and strawberries.Overall a great experience which I would fully recommend.	
Feb 23 2009 	4 stars? Not quite.	The hotel property is very nice. It is clean and contemporary. That's the good news. I was fortunate to get it at a good rate of $200/night. (It usually fares out much higher.) Even at $200/night, in NYC during a large convention, it was disappointing. This property is certainly looking to make a dollar anywhere it can. Want to use the gym? $10/pp/day Want to use the computer in the business center? $10/log on + .50/minute Side note: I did bring my laptop and log on with the wireless in the room. Well, this property doesn't have wireless in all the rooms yet. (4 star property without wireless in 2009?) They did have the option to sit at the desk and link up wired. $16/day How about ammenities? There is a pool on the top floor that provides great views of Central Park. My memory fails me right now but I think there was a fee to use that too. Other ammenities? Sure, there is a rooftop overlook... but it was closed due to carpet torn. 4 stars right? Movies in the room? $14.99 - 18.99 per flick (Haven't you hear of high volume lower margin?) The lobby did have a nice tea corridor although bitter cold near the door. It did have what appeared to be great restaurants but I only visited one. The greasy tattered hamburger joint in the lobby. Yes, they sell it as a bonus, but hardly the case. The food is greasy and bland, the line is long, and the bottom three floors of the hotel stink of that charcoal-y, summer time picnic, drive by Burger King smell, but only until about Midnight. It's simply not good, too long to wait, and for the &quot;fast food&quot; quality, it's not cheap like they claim. ($5 shakes $8burgers $4 fries to the best of my memory)Briefly about the rooms. I stayed in a room with 2 beds. It was adequately sized considering the city. The beds were uncomfortable with the pathetic attempt to make a cheap mattress posh using a feather top comforter under the sheets. It never stayed on the bed throughout one whole night. We did use the concierge, who was polite and did arrange a reservation on our behalf. The restaurant was par, at best, but it was late on a holiday weekend so the effort was appreciated. This concludes my second review on this web site. Both were in NYC and both Starwood properties and identified a trend. After both stays, I'd just simply stay away from Starwood hotels in NYC. There are some significant issues that need to be worked out with management and staff.	
Feb 18 2009 	Location superb staff friendly	We got a 3 night stay through Priceline at a great rate. We've stayed here before, and found the staff friendlier this time--front desk very accomodating to my request for a high floor. We had a nice view out toward Central Park over rooftops. Love the pool and Norma's. My husband thought the bed was too soft, but I did not. As noted in previous posts, the elevators were really slow, possibly because one was out of service. Also $16 daily for internet is ridiculous.We had a great stay, easy walk to Lincoln Center and midtown galleries.	
Feb 16 2009 	Great Stay	Booked this under 4 star on Hotwire South Central Park. The hotel is fantastic. We were given a free upgrade to a junior suite. The kids loved the pool on the top floor. It is two blocks from Central Park, the Plaza Hotel, and FAO Schwartz. The only negative was the wait for the elevators. The waits were long - so long that my wife forgot her camera and we said forget it because it took so long to get down. I would recommend this place to anyone. Great Stay.	
Feb 13 2009 	Hotel Service Bar Burger Joint Good	The public areas of this hotel are really lovely and attract a good crowd even on a week night. Of particular interest is the bar area, which is romantic and elegant. Lots of business people, young singles and tourists. Similarly, I liked the Burger Joint, though make sure to level your expectations. What is special about the Burger joint is not so much the food and beer, but the concept of a hole in the wall dinner juxtoposed with an elegant hotel. It is a fun place and very much adds to the allure of the parker meridian.The rooms are another matter. While they look nice, the carpet is kindof depressing as is the big thing holding the TV in the middle of the room. I think the TV stand was concieved before flat panel TV and looks out of date. Nothing terrible, just not great. Otherwise, I liked the service and generally found people to be accomodating and service focused.	
Feb 13 2009 	fantastic elegant great location staff	We loved this place! 5 star quality!! Amazing staff. beautiful room, fantastic hotel. And we got a great price through starwood.	
Jan 28 2009	Can't Wait to Return	My initial impression of this hotel was a little skewed because of the construction that was in progress closing one of the entrances and I didn't like that I had to walk around the block to enter the hotel. After I entered the hotel, however, my first impression was quickly changed. The atmosphere of the lobby when you first enter the hotel is so spacious, it forces you to start to let all your worries get lost in it. I had friendly men coming up to me asking if I needed help with my bags, which at the time I didn't, but I was still the gesture that was made. The front counter was quick at locating my reservation and assigning us our room. We were given our keys along with what we could look for in the hotel. The most amazing thing about the hotel was the Penthouse Pool on the 42nd floor. It over looks Central Park and you can even go out on the roof to get an unobstructed view of the city. After entering into our room, we were very pleased with the cleanliness and very happy that what we had asked for is exactly what we received, a beautiful, spacious room with a central park view. Inside the hotel there is a place called the burger joint, which is completely the opposite of the hotel but still offered amazing service, fantastic food and a great ambiance. I can't wait to come back for a second stay!	
Jan 27 2009 	Great Time @ Parker - Plz discount the internet rates so I can return	Le Parker Meridien has many great &quot;features&quot;:1. Great breakfast place - Norma's is TOP 5 in NYC.2. Nice swimming pool - Great view, but plz get it warmer when winter3. Best burger in town - said but a lot of publications. Agreed by me4. Friendly staff - okay, some are kinda gipsy but that's fine5. Best location. Close to 5th. avenue, close to Central Park, close enough to midtown walks.And some issues:1. Why paying $ 16 to a day @ internet. Absurd.2. The menu said 24 hour service room, but it closes @ 11. I said 11.3. Too much rooms. So the lifts are often full.4. They charge you for everything.	
Jan 19 2009 	Security Risk	Our stay at the Parker Meridien was a disaster, and I am still angry at how demeaning the staff were on multiple occasions. I left my engagement ring on the counter by accident, and when I came back it was gone. It took 2 days for a serious look into the event, only one person was confirmed to have entered the room (and identified by security) but we were blamed and never even received an apology from management . Only after we returned home did we receive an email from housekeeping that state &quot;Have a good one!&quot; and never even addressing the theft or &quot;accidental&quot; removal of a very precious and irreplaceable ring. Don't stay here! It is scary and inhuman!	
Jan 7 2009 	go there only on a discounted rate	This hotel is perfectly fine if you treat it as an average place to stay in a very convinient place in Midtown. I paid $139 per night (a special rate) and this is the maximum you should pay, too. The pointed lights in dark hallways create the atmosphere from the late 1980's images of future space stations. The staff and the check-in process were adequate, although not impressive. The view from standard rooms might be depressing for some: half-dead gray-brown tall buildings. There are no vending machines of any sort. There was no coffee-maker in the room. If you want to listen to the radio, you are equipped with the cheapest model of radio/alarm clock one can see in scarry motels or buy for $5 in Chinatown. There was no coffee-maker in my room and the interior of the bar was dirty. There was a small graffiti behind the TV set and a large chunk of paint hanging from the ceiling in the bathroom.	
Jan 6 2009 	Le Parker Meridien a Nice Haven	We stayed at LPM for my son's 16th birthday. He wanted a trip to NYC, and expedia had an exceptional deal. Thank heavens. My son had the trip of a lifetime! We were in a junior suite, with plenty of room for the 3 of us (me, hubby,son). The view wasn't great as we were on a low floor, but who cares? The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept on. I don't normally sleep well on trips, and I slept until almost check out time! My son had the pull out sofa bed. It slept like a pullout sofa bed. The burger joint in the lobby has the best burgers and shakes, we still talk about going back for a burger. The location is walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, 5th Ave., Carnegie Hall, Russian Tea Room. All the icons of NYC are withing walking distance. The front desk personnel were very accomodating, since we arrived at 10 a.m. and they found a suite ready for us, although it really shouldn't have been that early. The concierge was more than helpful. The only complaint is we never did find the fitness area. We just wanted to see the view from up there. Oh, and it must be mentioned that Seppi's next door, or through the lobby, has the most scrumptious chocolate brunch, and is the best deal for a full meal in NYC. I highly recommend this hotel if it's in the budget or you find a great deal. The location is awesome!	
Jan 5 2009 	Not a great exeperience...	I have just returned from a week's stay for New Year at Le Meridien and I have to say I was very disappointed.For such a well established hotel they seem exceptionally disorganised, and they fail to live up to expectations on several fronts.The disorganisation showed itself most clearly at reception. This is a chaotic experience for even the most trivial request. Our check-in was appalling. We arrived at 5:00pm to be told that there was no rooms available just yet and could we come back later. &quot;how much later?&quot;, I asked - &quot;just later&quot; came the response. Several return trips to the reception provided no more information on our room and each time we were sent to the back of the queue just to get this lack of update. We were the lucky ones though. Others in our group - who had pre-paid, as ourselves, were told their reservation had been cancelled!3 hours later - all this after a transatlantic flight - we eventually were given a room - still with no explanation of the reasons for the delay.The room was very average - yet this was supposed to be after an upgrade from our American Express booking. If this was an upgraded room - I would hate to see the standard rooms.Facilities in-room were poor. No amount of fancy swivel furniture can disguise an old fashioned CRT TV with poor picture quality, and what on earth are VCR's still doing in a so called modern hotel.Room lighting was poor, with one of the bedside lamps missing completely. The minibar was below average in terms of contents, but above average in terms of cost. Bathroom toiletries were very scant.There were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room either.The rooms were hot and stuffy and air-con had been switched off for the winter leaving absolutely no means of reducing the room temperature.As for other hotel facilities - the atrium bar is very expensive, Norma's for breakfast does good food, but again at a cost, and in quite poor surroundings. The Burger Joint is good - but be prepared to wait in line for quite some time.Chaos ensued again at check-out when we tried to collect our bags from storage. After waiting for 20 minutes we ended up having to go find them from the luggage store ourself.So overall, very average accommodation at a very expensive cost. Resources are not up to scale for such a large hotel resulting in very poor service from reception etc.Great location... but really for the money you can probably do much better elsewhere. I for one won't be returning.	
Dec 30 2008 	Once is Enough	While the Parker Meridien is a very well situated hotel, it is certainly more attuned to the business &quot;man&quot;, attending a conference, on an expense account. The rooms are very masculinely decorated in &quot;Early Ikea&quot; style, with few, if any amenities for the pleasure traveller, or the woman traveller... 1 bar of soap, one bottle of shampoo, etc. At over $500 a nite, I expect a few drawers to place my clothes, and a refrigerator to place personal items, that doesn't have a sign on it stating &quot;NOT FOR PERSONAL USE&quot;. On the positive side, every single person on their staff was pleasant, friendly and went out of their way to be helpful.	
Dec 11 2008 	Things ain't as good as they used to be.	I first visited this hotel in the mid nineties and was looking forward to returning.Unfortunately Le Parker Meridien was a great disappointment. Check-in was chaotic and the room was dark and shabby. The gym is tired and the equipment that guests are allowed to use is antiquated and dirty.The burger joint serves good burgers but is dirty and the sight of raw mince being trolleyed through the lobby is far from appetizing. The breakfast arrangements are a shambles and as a guest in the hotel you are unlikely to secure a table unless you have booked in advance. This is evidenced by the steady stream of guests carrying Starbucks bags into the elevators. I tackled the staff on this and was told in a rather prissy fashion that the Parker is the number one brunch destination in Manhattan. I pointed out they had once been a number one hotel. This did elicit a rather shamefaced admission that this probably could not be said today.The final horror was the discovery that our room was fairly roachy and we were relieved that we had been prevented from eating in the hotel.	
Dec 11 2008 	Even better than the 1st Stay	This is my 2nd stay at Le Parker Meridien, and i have to say i was worried that it might not be as good as the 1st time. I shouldnt have worried, it was better than the 1st time.We had a special event and i emailed the hotel a few weeks before we were due to stay and asked for any upgrades.This was defo worth doing as we had amazing room overlooking central park on 32nd floor.The staff in the hotel are so friendly and genuinely want to help make your stay as wonderful as possible. We ate in Norma's twice and had the burger joint twice both of which were totally amazing. This hotel is so central for everything you need, if it is not in walking distance then you have a subway station on the corner and can jump on the subway.I would highly recommend this hotel to friends, family, work colleagues and anyone who would listen to me!!The room was lovely, massive bed, cleaned daily huge big bathrom and enough space to get ready and hang your clothes. The only downside would be it doesn't have tea/coffee making facilities. That is not a major problem but it would ahve been nice as i was getting ready on a morning to have had a cup of coffee before my breakfast. The new bar in the lobby at entrance 57th street was very expensive (this wasn't here May last year on my 1st visit) but again, we only had 1 drink and didn't drink there again!Over all this hotel is excellent and very good value for money. I love it and would stay here again as for my needs it is perfect and in the best location.	
Dec 8 2008 	Our new favorite	We like to go into the city fairly often to catch a show, shop, visit a museum and dine. We had a lot of Starwood points and had last used them at the W in Times Square, which is a perfectly nice hotel if you are no older than 35. We are in our fifties and wanted a little less frenetic environment. Le Parker Meridien fit the bill perfectly since we didn't want a stiff formal place either. It has a lively atmosphere with the warmth we were looking for. The registration was easy and we asked for and were given a room upgrade which had a distant view of Central Park. I would not recommend paying extra for that view, after all you are still a few blocks from the park and are looking more at other buildings than you are at the park. But what we really liked was that the room had a warm feeling due to it being completely outfitted in warm wood. The desk area facing the park was well set up and the unit which swivels the TV was convenient when my husband wanted to watch some football and I wanted to read my book with less distraction. A flat panel HDTV would have been nice, but not a big issue. The bathroom is compact and the tub could have used some regrouting, but it was fine and I considered the room and bath very clean. The bed was not totally comfortable for reading or TV watching and I can't put my finger on why. My husband thought it was the lack of a headboard (you lean against a or vinyl or leather covered wall.) I thought it may have been the pillows. But somehow it all worked, felt homey while being modern and we had a great stay. Someone mentioned that the staff was not friendly. I did notice that staff who rode the elevators with us did not greet us, nor did the housekeeping staff in the hallways. It didn't really bother me at all, but I did notice it. We ate at Norma's for breakfast Sunday. It was good, not great and I have written a separate review about that experience.	
Dec 7 2008 	J'adore Le Parker Meridien	I recently stayed the past 3 - 4 months in New York City working on a project for my company. During the final months I was required to spend a lot of time in NYC, more so than I was actually at my home. I enjoyed my stay at other hotels, but wanted to try a new hotel, so I booked Le Parker Meridien. The location of the hotel was prime to all the shopping, my New York Office, the F,N,Q,R,W train station, Times Square, Central Park and so much more. I was amazed at the check in process, the variety of food available via Room Service (sometimes i didn't get in until late), and the overall willingness to make my stay comfortable. There was one front desk representative Paul who really stood out and made my stay very personable. He would always call me by name. I really felt at home there and that's hard to do when home is 500 miles away. When I am back in town for an over night or an extended stay I will very likely be returning to Le Parker Meridien.	
Dec 7 2008 	J'aime Le Parker Méridien	Beautiful room, elegant hotel, friendly and helpful staff - couldn't ask for more. Booked the room for almost half the listed price by booking online. Extremely happy with my stay there, and can recommend the hotel with enthusiasm.	
Nov 24 2008 	Comfortable Stay	I won this hotel on a priceline bid so I had no real expectations to begin with. I was just hoping it was clean and comfortable. Arrived at 5pm on a Friday, no lines or problems checking in. Room was spacious and clean and had all the amenities I expected (shampoo, conditioner, soap, hair dryer, iron, safe). Room was on the hot side but opening the window and turning the thermostat down fixed that problem. I found the bathroom to be very clean with no signs of mold/mildew or peeling paint. The bed was a little lumpy but it's because of the futon style mattress they put on top of the regular mattress. Overall, we slept fine and didn't wake up with stiff backs or anything like that. I was a little worried after reading some of the other reviews but didn't experience any attitude from the staff. The other comments about the ridiculously overpriced food is correct...$40 for continential breakfast is accurate. I think the french toast was $28. Needless to say, we ate elsewhere! We did not use the pool, gym, fitness center or business center. We really only used the hotel to sleep in at the end of the day.I would absolutely return to this hotel and would not hesitate to recommend it to our friends if we were sure they were only looking for a hotel. If they had special needs or reasons to book this particular hotel I couldn't really comment because we didn't use the other services. The doorman was fantastic when we checked out and helped us get a taxi and loaded our luggage in the back. I took some pictures of the room and will attach them. As i said, I would definitely return to this hotel.	
Nov 21 2008 	Terrible disappointment	This hotel has a lot of problems it needs to sort out. Given these problems and its current rates, it is just not competitive on the New York hotel market. Stayed there for two nights and, unless it improves, I'll never return. It's a shame as it's in a great location and some of the staff are really good.The problems stretch across all aspects of the hotel. The staff are inconsistent: some are friendly, but some have a real attitude problem. The rooms are old, in only mediocre condition and not the cleanest I have seen. The internet access was intermittent and slow throughout my stay. Breakfast at Norma's was shockingly expensive and really poor quality--again, the staff had a terrible attitude.My room was far too warm but apparently the hotel turns off its air conditioning in winter: the only option offered was to &quot;open the windows&quot; -- fine advice, but with gales blowing outside and loud construction work 10m from my window this wasn't really practical.To add insult to injury, every single thing in the hotel seems to have some &quot;funny&quot; statement written on it in orange. From &quot;your cup is upside down&quot; on the bottom of mugs through to a laundry slip in the style of an arrest warrant. Most of it isn't funny and I wish they'd give up and put the same effort into making their hotel a bit better.	
Nov 21 2008 	OK but has some issues	Excellent location just south of the park. I found the staff friendly and helpful enough. Looks great on the website; I was expecting a Schrager/Starck type of vibe but the reality is that this modern hotel is looking a bit tired...cheap carpets, curtains and fabrics in the rooms, scratched woodwork and metal doors all let down the overall effect. Beds are comfy and lighting is attractive though. You can see what the interior designers were trying to achieve but it doesn't quite work. Did they run out of money and have to finish it on the cheap?? For the same money I could have stayed at the Waldorf Astoria and maybe I should have.	
Nov 16 2008 	Rip-Off Attitude	I've booked a kingsize bedroom with a view over central Park at this hotel through Expedia.com and my credit card has been charged $1,159.92 for 2 nights.You may well assume that for that kind of money my expectations were high.The first problem occurred at the check-in desk.My credit card, being it for electronic use only,could not be accepted.With all the money that they had already received, their utmostconcern was that they couldn't charge me any extras on mycard being it a rechargeable one.I was therefore asked a $200 cash deposit before getting my key.Once I reached my room I checked if everything was as described on the internet and truth to be told, it correspondedto the description provided by expedia.comWhat wasn't told me though was that there was no soap in the bathroom, that the VCR was actually broken and that theminibar wasn't usable as a fridge and that the sheer actionof moving some content in it could have led to the extra chargesthat the hotel management seems to love so much.Anyway, thanks to tripadvisor.com previous reviews I didn'teven touch the minibar and used the complimentary bucket filling it with the ice provided at each floor of the hotel by to keep my drinks cold.Wi-fi was available for an extra fee of $16.20 a day.Bargain.One of the reasons why I booked this hotel was that I really wanted to enjoy a pampering weekend in a top-notchhotel by the park with a topfloor swimming pool and the spa.What happened was the pool was closed ( how strange they didn't tell me that when I booked my room ) and that what theycall the spa is nothing but a fitness center with a sauna (no steam bath) where people come and go with their shoes on and where attendants are found cleaning the lockers room and the showers room during business hours.This is another great asset of the Meridien: there are alwayspeople working around you!.On my arrival day the I found peopleworking ( glueing and hammering ) on the skirting boards on the 25th floor.On the 41st floor a notice apologizes for the worn carpet that will soon be removed.On the entrance of the fitness center another note apologizes for the lack of the elevator forcing the customers to take their 3 flights down to the basement (That's why they call it &quot;gravity&quot; I guess).As a proof that this is not a flare but an objective feedback Iwill end up with a positive note: the coffee served in the loungethat gives on the 57th street is excellent and the lounge itselfis quite elegant and comfy.Perfect place for afternoon meetings.Same goes for the view from the penthouse but I am sorry for600 bucks a night I expected something different .	
Nov 14 2008 	Trendy. Expensive. Great if you like orange.	First of all, a sematics problem: are you really supposed to say &quot;Le Parker Meridien&quot;? Or &quot;the Le Parker Meridien&quot;? Or maybe just &quot;the Parker Meridien&quot;? Clearly the hotel's website needs to clear this up.The first thing my boss said when I told him that the Corporate Travel Roulette Wheel had put me in Le Parker Meridien was, &quot;Oh, they have great burgers, you just have to find them.&quot;Now, the first thing you, the visitor arriving from La Guardia or JFK need to know, is that while the address of the hotel is officially 118 West 57th Street, if you get dropped off there you will be schlepping your bags through the hotel bar, which is really just a candlelit hallway filled with twenty-somethings in fashionable clothing. You want to be dropped off at the hotel's main entrance, which features such amenities as a doorman to take your bags out of the taxi for you and doors that aren't locked at midnight, and is located at 119 West 56th Street.Next, the checkin. I read someone's review about how the checkin desk is crowded, and I will say this: the reason you found the checkin desk crowded is because the idea is that you are supposed to leave your bags with the bellhops. They then take the bags to the room for you and you give them a tip. What a concept! Then you and your fashionable messenger bag (don't call it a man purse, you're in New York now and everyone carries them) sidle up to the bar and check in.Some bumps in the checkin process: I am allergic to feathers and so I always request that things like feather mattress tops, down comforters and feather pillows be stricken from the room. This happened, but I think they forgot until I got there, because the checkin took a preternaturally long time. The first time it was actually hypoallergenic; the second time I had to call housekeeping and the front desk and they were quite apologetic.So for the first week (the 2nd to 7th of November), there was no talk about my Starwood Preferred Guest number. Then all of a sudden I get back on the 9th and they've magically started participating in the Starwood Preferred Guest program. The second check-in, then, featured a long hunt for my SPG membership, because I don't carry cards and I forgot to photograph the card in my iPhone (I know, how techie and pretentious of me!).The hotel is dark. Even in the daylight it's quite dark. The comments about the elevator lobbies is spot on -- they're just plain dark, with very modern-looking blue-lit floor numbers near the floor as you exit the elevators. The curtain in the lobby makes the lobby dark too. It's all very dark. In fact even the rooms are dark. The light switches, incidentally, are PAST the bathroom doors in standard rooms -- so stumble over the threshold (they really are very high).Not much of a view unless you pay for one -- the vast majority of the rooms have great views of other tall buildings, which doesn't help the darkness problem. I didn't really mind it, but it was a bit like living in a rich uncle's basement and if you want the air and the view you're either going to pay for it or go elsewhere.Service is OK. Not obsequious, not enthusiastic. In short, just like New York. A funny service story, though -- one of my bags didn't make it to New York with me and was delivered at oh-dark-thirty. When they called me at 0630 to deliver it, I said, &quot;Bring it up and tip the delivery driver, I'll reimburse you.&quot; The doorman said, &quot;No, he was a jack[donkey] and threw the bag at me, I didn't really feel like he needed a tip, y'know?&quot;Some minor complaints -- I didn't get a New York Times until I tipped the housekeeper. I tip pretty well anyway but this means that the first morning I didn't get my Times, because I hadn't had a chance to tip yet.$16.20 a day for Internet access, wired or wireless. Good grief. Two weeks in that hotel and you could buy a cellular high-speed data plan for six months.The breakfast menu is hysterical. I mean, it's bad enough that the base price is $28 for a continental breakfast (juice, coffee, and a &quot;basket&quot; of rolls that contained, when I saw it in the hallway being delivered, two bagels). Add to this $5 delivery charge, 8.375% tax and 16% mandatory gratuity and that is a $40 continental breakfast. Lunch and dinner are similarly ridiculous. You're in Midtown Manhattan for crying out loud, just do like New Yorkers do, go on seamlessweb.com and pick from the TWO HUNDRED AND SIXTY FOUR restaurants that deliver to Le Parker Meridien for free (well, for a tip anyway). Everything from pizza to McDonalds to Daniel bloody Boulud's Bistro Moderne delivers in that city, so there's no excuse for a $40 roll.The bed is comfortable enough, and I like the reading lamps; the TVs are fine and the big cabinet rotates. I do wish they had FM radio; I would have liked to listen to NPR in the mornings with the $5 breakfast I found at a deli around the corner on 6th Avenue, a hundred steps from the hotel's front door. The lights work like normal people expect (are you listening, Jumeirah Essex House?).The bar is fine, but narrow and not particularly cozy. If you want a cozy trendy bar go to the Hudson Hotel a few blocks over on 58th.One more-than-minor complaint: I went up to Boston for the weekend and left a bag in storage. When I went to get it back out, they brought the wrong bag. This did not give me confidence in the security of the bag storage area, let me tell you. I declined to tip on that one.Would I stay there again? Sure. I'm not going to rush back. But it was nice and definitely more of a young-professional vibe than other places I've stayed (Essex House, Mela, Millennium, Algonquin).Oh, and the burgers ARE really good. The entrance is between the main checkin desk and the gigantic friggin' curtain in the lobby -- look down the little hall it makes and you'll see a small neon burger sign. Walk to the sign and turn right. $7.50 for a cheeseburger, $3.50 for fries, $5 for a milkshake or a Sam Adams in a plastic cup.	
Nov 12 2008 	Loved it!	I am surprised to read some of the reviews posted recently. I booked my parents at Le Parker Meridien when they came to visit last weekend, and I ended up staying with them for one night. The location of the hotel is fantastic, the junior suite they received as an upgrade was very spacious and comfortable, the staff accommodated our many requests and was very friendly. I recommend the coffee at their bar, it is the best I have had in years! Breakfast restaurant is kind of hard to get into on a Sunday morning, but they do give priority to hotle guests and the food is so worth it (although you may have to eat salad greens for a week after that to make up for the calories...) My parents had a great stay, I will definitely use this hotel for any other out of town visitors!	
Nov 7 2008 	Just O.K. Rude staff!	Called hotel directly to make the reservation. We are platinum Starwood members and were told that we would probably be upgraded when we arrived at the hotel because of our platinum status..When we arrived, we were told that they would not upgrade us. The person checking us in, mumbled something about the fact that they were not participating in the Starwood program until a few more weeks.???? I'm not sure what that all meant, because it was exactly opposite of what the reservation agent told me. I asked several more times, but never got a direct answer and just had the room keys shoved at me. The room itself was o.k. Hotel is in a good location and close to everything. Room was pretty small, but I realize that is New York. Wish there would have been bathrobes in the room. Probably would not go back there because of the rude staff and also the fact that they can't decide if they participate in Starwood' program or not.	
Nov 7 2008	One hell of a place!	My miserable experience with the Parker Meridien this September has compelled me to write this, my first Trip Advisor review.First, this hotel has the worst customer service with which I have ever dealt. Their staff actually lied (and I do not use this word lightly) to me several times. Second, their (drab) rooms have nothing special going for them. Imagine the sleek, minimal pictures from their website, but tired, faded and mercilessly gray and orange. To me, worn-out sleek does not translate to luxury. But I suppose if you could get any sleep at all, the rooms will work as a basic shelter system.Sadly, I had a tragic and sleepless night at the Parker Meridien. But why? Well, my four-night journey at this hotel started off on the wrong foot when the staff gave me a room with a malfunctioning air conditioner. It did not provide cool air. When I complained, the hotel told me that they could not do anything about it, basically. So one particularly hot and humid night without AC, I opened the windows out of desperation. Alas, this meant all the steam and noise of the city had full access to my room, and I slept not a wink.Yes, this hotel ruined my trip, as I could not function the next day. O did I mention that I returned home, very run down, with a cold?You can imagine that I complained the very next morning. I did. For my last night the staff moved me to another drab room, but with a working air conditioner and better view. Thank you. However, this did not make up for the fact that I slept not a wink the night before and today could not take five breaths in a row without blowing my nose or sneezing. I felt it necessary to vindicate myself, so I made some more calls.After getting the run-around from the staff, I finally reached (the most frustrating) guest services (I have ever encountered). After several calls, the hotel finally promised to credit me back that particularly terrible night's stay. Thank you! I watched my credit card statements with anticipation, but nothing happened. So I called back. O sorry, guest services said, we will run the credit on Monday. But on Monday nothing happened again. I call back. (I practically have this abominable hotel on speed dial at this point.)I had to call them about a dozen times to get any follow-through on their false promise to credit me that one night's stay. I say false because, ultimately, the manager retracted their promise, only compensating me 50% off the room. I called to complain again, even playing the voicemail I had saved on which the Parker Meridien claimed to credit the full night's stay. But the manager refused to budge. Well, he has motivated me to write my first Trip Advisor review.I hope this review saves you the hell of staying at the Parker Meridien.	
Oct 27 2008 	Nice but not the best...	Le Parker Meridien is a nice hotel in a great location. Pros- Great Location, friendly staff, AMAZING burger Joint downstairs, nice view of the park. Cons- Overpriced, Normas isnt that great for the money, the rooms are older and not that big.I would stay at this hotel again BUT only if I got the same amazing rate I did on Expedia, otherwise, the Park Central down the street is virtually the same for less money.	
Oct 26 2008	Great location and service	We just spent 5 days in the Big Apple and had a great stay at Le Parker. We got a smoking room on the 25th floor and it was super clean.The service at the hotel was great even though we were out most of the time.The Burger Joint was a hoot and the food was excellent. Had a great smoke(cigar) in the outside portion of the hotel restaurant.Since we got back to the hotel pretty late each evening, we got to know the security staff...very professional. Hotel was real safe.Concierge was real nice and helped me find some new shoes(13EEEEE) at the new balance store.The location of this place was great...was able to walk everywhere and easy subway access.Rooms were big compared to the Hudson, where we stayed in 2006. Did not dine at the hotel and did not use pool or exercise facility...too much to see	
Oct 17 2008 	Great hotel staff and location	My wife and I stayed on October 7th for four nights at the Le Parker Meridian and I would rate it as my first choice New York City hotel. I have previously stayed at this Le Parker Meridian on and off for the last 10 year and although the rooms have lost their prior French décor charm to a contemporary design, the staff, hotel and location were superb. I scheduled a standard room/airline package and I assumed that my discounted price would give me a lower floor room without a view. Instead I was given room 2227 on the top floor overlooking Central Park. What a pleasant surprise! As room service may only be affordable for those on an expense account, we found morning comfort at Starbucks immediately across the street. Most impressive at the hotel was the Burger Joint with great hamburgers at really great prices (if you order from your room, you can avoid the long lines). Around the corner from the hotel was a lovely Italian restaurant serving two-for-one martinis (best risotto and pizza), a French restaurant (try the blue cheese hamburger) and a big name deli (skip the $22 sandwiches, there are plenty of overly stuffed $13 sandwiches). As the hotel is on 57th, you literally are next to great shopping (my wife did some serious damage while I was working).My last trip I stayed at the Marriot Marquis in Times Square and unless you really want crowds of people, I would strongly recommend the Le Parker Meridian.	
Oct 15 2008 	Pretensious not good experience	I went to NYC for 4 days and decided to stay 2 days in 2 different hotels, very closer each one (one block distance) in a very good localization in NYC. Hilton and Le parker Meridien, both very well classified in tryp advisor. The Hilton is excelent. Le Parker Meridien is a pretensios 4 stars whith only big rooms, and a nice localization. The staff are not polite, stressed, dont have any identification, we dont know who works in hotel. The bathroom needs urgent modernization. All is payed and expensive. Really a 2-3 stars that thinks that are much better. One good thing: the swimming pool.Just in case, you dont need to pay for cable internet, try a wifi connection that is free (not the hotel connection). And NEVER use the phone .....you will have a big surprise in your bill.	
Oct 10 2008 	a safe bet for visitors!	Brilliant. You wont regret this hotel.Lovely Beds and room. Marvelous location two blocks from the Park ,easy to get everywhere, Fantastic real burger bar downstairs...cheap and so new york- no fuss lovely-So many places to eat nearby..Carnagie Hall next door..Russian tea rooms right there.. Great American diner down the street -wicked food!All the players from Us open tennis were staying when we were there and we still managed an upgrade and so much choosing of our room they couldn't be more helpful ! Bar a bit weird -like a hallway- tried to take a glass of wine to my room and she wanted to decant into plastic..eek! forbidden to leave with glass?odd.. A bunch of Starbucks in easy reach-Super Gym-great roof pool and terrace to sit on outside. Great food next door in bistro. This is a posh hotel with all the basics so you are not trapped in some spending spree nightmare. Great for travel with teens or groups. Love this kind of hotel!!	
Oct 7 2008 	Just perfect!	We loved our four night stay over a weekend at Le Parker.Good points:Dazzling, spacious lobby with a variety of different areas, themes and atmospheres. Although it attracts visitors who aren’t staying at the hotel, we never found it too busy.Great location – five minutes from Central Park, loads of subway stops within a few minutes walk, and a short walk to the main shops on 5th Avenue.We found the staff approachable and helpful but never obsequious or pushy. I hate having my bed turned down (what’s the point?) or having my bags carried for me unnecessarily. Maybe this less intrusive style of service suits European visitors more than those from the US.The greatest burger joint – the contrast of the steamy, groovy café was such a contrast to the slick lobby area, it was as if we were walking through the wardrobe into Narnia! It’s so hidden, we’d never have found it without being told where it was. Can’t wait to go back.Clean, spacious room with desk and office chair, armchair and further seating and the most comfortable bed I’ve slept in at a hotel. Perfect shower pressure and comfortable bath. Stunning view over the park from our room 3117. Room cleaned efficiently and thoroughly during our stay.We didn’t have to wait more than 2 minutes for the lift during our stay. Loved the pool on the top floor which we never found to be busy.Bad points: None as far as we were concerned – but then we carefully avoided the mini-bar…In summary: I wouldn’t want to stay anywhere else in New York.	
Oct 1 2008	"Great hotel clean great location"	Nice, clean, convenient. Recommended. Downside:Not the most charming, more for business. But if you seeing the sites, it doesn't matter. Location is great. Advice: Don't pay for breakfast downstairs, head out the exit to 43rd St, there is a great deli there.	
Sep 25 2008 	Funky and Fabulous Top Class Hotel in Great Location!	We spent several weeks watching deals online with Expedia and Last Minute. After hovering between the Hudson and New Yorker, we saw the Parker Meridien on offer for £696 for 4 nights with flights each and booked it straight away! My fiance and I were celebrating our engagement so enquired with the hotel about an upgrade to a park view room - which we got! An amazing view of Central Park on the 38th Floor. We also received a suprise bottle of champagne and chocolates on our first night which was such a nice touch. The room itself had the comfiest bed, a lovely large tv and adequately sized bathroom. The hotel was pristine, with a funky lobby and amazing roof top pool. There is also a hidden burger joint - the best burgers in town!! Location wise you are right next to Carnegie Hall, a few blocks from time square and central park and near to the metro should you want to go downtown. Would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 23 2008 	***** 5 Star All The Way *****	Stayed here two nights with my husband. It is a very relaxing hotel. The price was a little high - but worth it because of SECURITY MEASURES, especially at night....The pool area and views were spectacular and the Guest Services was above excellent. I WILL DEFINATELY STAY HERE AGAIN IN NOVEMBER AND DECEMBER 2008 AND WILL RECOMMEND YOU TO ALL FAMILY AND FRIENDS.	
Sep 19 2008 	Stylish Great Serivce Fab Location	Stayed here for two nights on a business trip and had a fantastic time. I had a junior suite without the park view on the 38th floor (there are 42 floors). View over central park was AMAZING from the lobby of this floor - definitely try for park view if you can.Junior suite was large with spacious living area and large bedroom area, divided by rotating TV unit. Bathroom was utlra-modern with wall-length walk-in shower cubicle and ample space.Room service breakfast was quick and tasty with lots of options (not cheap mind you). The hotel were very quick in responding to all of my requests for assistance, including opening my bathroom door when I managed to jam it shut!I didn't use the pool or gym but hear that my colleagues were pleased with the facilities.Location is fantastic - one block from central park, one block from Abercrombie and a subway stop close by should you be using that mode of transport.Also, during my stay a very high profile policitician was also staying - and if it's good enough for him, it's definitely good enough for me!	
Sep 17 2008	Expensive but a great location 	We stayed at this property which is 2 blocks from Central park &amp; adjacent to 7th,6th &amp; 5th Avenues, therefore the location is excellent. The Hotel has 700 bedrooms &amp; with this number and the potential of 1400 guests staying, I believe that you really are only a number. I would say that the Parker does offer very good customer care especially by Reception &amp; the Concierge departments. Many of the bedrooms have great views of the Park, but only on one side &amp; from the higher floors. It would be a room with no view if you were on the lower floors looking into the numerous office blocks that are adjacent. The rooms are reasonably spacious for New York, but the bathrooms are quite small. There also is an unusual moving TV Stand which occupies one wall, which encroaches on the room space &amp; the curtained wardrobe/safe area is also a tad cramped. The Hotel itself &amp; various floors has been refurbed &amp; many would find the dark bedroom corridors a turn off- not to mention the Tom &amp; Jerry/Chaplin cartoons &amp; films odd - playing in the lifts. We liked the Hotel, it does have a very upmarket cosmopolitan feel to it.I did not have a Burger &amp; we did find the attached pub at little tired &amp; very pricey. We would recommend, look on the net for cheaper value for money deals. New York itself is a must see for everyone.	
Sep 10 2008	Great Room Great View Great Service	Booked on Priceline for $200 last minute for my parents anniversary and I got nervous when I read the reviews. Well this hotel EXCEEDED any expectations. Its great. My parents (who actually stayed here) told the reception desk they would like a non-smoking room and a view which was asking a lot for a Priceline room but they got it. Room 3409. Gorgeous view. Nice clean room. Bed was comfy. Everything was modern but not too crazy modern. Bathroom was nice. The room wasn't huge but its Manhattan. That's the deal. I live in NYC so I visited them at the hotel so this is my first hand account although I didn't stay there. The hotel even gave them complimentary chocolates and Baileys with a Happy Anniversary card. Incredible. The location is amazing. Right by Central Park and tons of shopping and out of the crazy Times Square area. (I know tourists want to check out Times Square but its so hectic to stay there). The hotel lobby is gorgeous and very happening. There is a nice pool on the roof too. Obviously I can't speak for other rooms but I give this place an A+. My parents are very picky about hotels and they said they'd like to move right in.	
Sep 9 2008 	What a disappointment!	While the bed was very comfortable and the hotel location was outstanding, I have nothing else positive to say about this hotel. The hotel's owners decided to remodel the hotel in a hip, modern fashion but executed the plans very poorly. Check-in is at a desk staffed by clerks standing shoulder to shoulder with new Apple laptops. Unfortunately, this translates to guests to forced to be similarly cramped on the other side of the desk. Elevators are equipped with TVs blaring cartoons day and night. Upper elevator lobbies are ridiculously dark. Upon entering one's room, one quickly learns that the historic thresholds are too high for the new low industrial carpeting: count on stubbing your toes whenever you enter or leave your room or go in or out of the bathroom. Ugly drapes hide the in-room safe located adjacent to the entry door but also get stuck in the entry door whenever you attempt to close the door. Sink hardware is mounted too far back on the bathroom counter so the water trickles down the back of the basin, making it impossible to wash your hands properly. The &quot;two-person&quot; shower is an extremely long narrow, glassed-in enclosure with a simple fixture located on the narrow side of the back wall. Snake-armed bedside lights collapse whenever you attempt to reposition them to a better height for reading in bed. The large pole-mounted wooden unit containing the plasma TV is unwieldy to maneuver. No thought was given to where suitcases might be stored. Aside from the Aeron chair at the small desk, other seating in the room is not particularly comfortable. Overall, the furniture is reminiscent of Ikea but frankly Ikea products are better made and more attractive. Who designed this remodel and why were they paid?	
Sep 9 2008 	Highly overrated...	I decided upon the Parker Meridien after weeks of Internet research for the perfect place to stay for my first trip to NYC. I was travelling with my sister, who has a preference for the finer things in live, and since it was my birthday, I figured I would indulge, and stay in a nice, upscale NYC hotel, to get the full NYC experience. ROOM - What a disappointment! Upon check-in, the first room we were sent to was cramped and had a musty odour with an awful view. We went back down (after a trying day of travel) to ask for another room. We were rebooked into a room with a better layout, a fresh odour and yet another hideous view! The good things about the room were the beds -- so comfy, and the TV/DVD/VCR/CD player combo. Otherwise, nothing special. Dissappointing considering the price.STAFF - Snobby. Except for the one darling staff at the concierge desk who was full of helpful suggestions and tips.AMENITIES - Hardly worthwhile. The pool and sundeck are lacklustre.LOCATION - Good, if you have money to burn. Close by to 5th Avenue's most upscale stores. Otherwise, the extra walking from Times Square or the other tourist spots / nightlife spots at the end of the night was just painful. Furthermore, there isn't much to do in the nearby vicinity in terms of nightlife. Would I stay there again? Probably not. Was it a good experience? No, it was a lacklustre experience without incident. NYC is another story... :)	
Sep 6 2008 	disapointing	we satyed here for five nights on our first family hoiday to new york. The hotel seemed ok on check in, but for a 4 - 5 satr hotel the rest was disappointing. The room (a suite) was run down and very dark as were the hallways. The swiming pool was TINY and not vey clean though the pool staff were very nice.We went for breakfast in the hotel on our first morning and we were abruptly told we couln't have it because we had not booked it in advance. When we did book breakfast the next morning it was very expensive and there was not a very interesting menu so we were happy to eat out from then on.The location is wonderful and perfect for popping in and out while sightseeing or shopping but that is the best thing about this hotelIt was fine but this is not what its star rating boasts!	
Sep 1 2008 	Parker Meridien close to it all	Just returned from our 3 night stay over the Labor Day weekend. The Parker Meridien was above average in all aspects. STAFF: Outstanding service, from front desk staff, room service operators, concierge and housekeeping. Everyone was friendly, they have a real &quot;can do' attitude. LOCATION: close to everything we needed. 3 blocks from the south end of Central Park (check out Sheep Meadow if you want a quite moment), 2 blocks from famous 5th avenue (if you like to window shop), and a short walk to Time Square for a boost of energy and New York Vibe. Of course, Museums, Theater, night life are all within a quick walk, cab ride or subway.HOTEL INTERIOR: Rooms are clean, roomy enough for New York standards. We 2 had rooms: one King and one Double. They were a tiny bit run down in the hallways, especially the carpet, but the room carpet was fine. The beds were very comfortable, with a nice down pillowtop that was soft without being too unsupportive. Actually first time in a long time I did not have a stiff back upon awakening. Bathrooms are small but functional. (remember for room size, this is NYC). Showers had more than enough hot water and good shower head. (I like a shower in the am!) One odd part--they have non smoking rooms (and floors, I think) but one of our rooms smelled like smoke at certain times of day. We were left wondering if the venting system joined another room where a guest was not following policy.VIEW: IF you care about what is outside your window, read on: The King was on the 12th floor the Double was on the 8th floor. The hotel is (see above) within walking distance of central park. For a room with a view: ask for an ODD numbered room ABOVE the 21st floor--in that case they will face Central Park which you will see above the height of the next building. Even rooms above 20+ will face downtown, but I'm not sure how high up you need to go to get that view. If you are given a room below the 20th, consider asking for an even number (since the building you will see adjacent to it is a nicer, clean building, as opposed to the very run down buliding that opposes the lower ODD numbered rooms. This really isn't that big a deal to us, but we know it is to some. AMENITIES: Health Spa on site, $10 extra per person per day, they have more to use in a single health spa than any hotel I have seen in the past 10 years: dozens LifeStyle aerobic units (ellipticals, treadmills), free weights, locker room, dry sauna, weight balls, round balls, fitness classes, spa services.Pool on the Penthouse level is free. Small and indoors, but lovely. If you are not a swimmer, go up to the level just to check out the best view in the city: 40+ floors up, 360 degree walk around outdoors of the entire skyline, central park, etc . Worth the elevator ride.ONSITE FOOD: Norma's for brunch/breakfast. Expensive, but VERY good food. Over the weekend, they have 2 hour lines. They give priority to the hotel guest, so ask the concierge how to call down when you wake up in order to minimize your wait. Nice little Bar on the first floor, tho it is part of the pathway to the back entrance, so it is not exactly quiet. Great room service--food is VERY fresh, but of course, expensive as you would expect. Generous portions, very fresh, high quality, brought on time. We ordered breakfast one morning.No &quot;on site&quot; dinner restaurant but everything is open in NYC, so who cares? The hotel does have a burger service near the lobby--we did not try this but the front desk can direct you if you are really hungry on arrival. If you are hankering for a quick bite: try Topaz 2 doors down. WONDERFUL Thai restaurant. Don't be fooled by the look at the entrance.	
Aug 25 2008 	Solid Hote	I stayed here for three nights. While Mid-Town is not my favorite place to stay in Manhattan, the hotel has great access to a number of subway lines.The hotel staff was amazing, going all out to fix my shoe three hours before a wedding. Thank you! Norma's was disappointing, which came as a surprise given the number of good meals I have had at the Norma's in Palm Springs. The hamburger joint tucked behind the curtain in the lobby is outstanding.The hotel room was great, but could use a bit of a face lift. I look forward to coming back!	
Aug 25 2008 	Not That Great	arrived to a quick check in, hotel lobby is fantastic. went into bedroom and what a dissapointment. bed was hard, room was smallish, decor was dull and dark, bathroom was tiny. however, the room was very clean. had problems getting high speed internet, which kept breaking down but didn't pay connection fee after telling reception about problems with it. breakfast cost usd 80 for 2. only had it in hotel once. across the street on 7th avenue there is a cafe with great choice.wouldn't stay here again as there is plenty of choice in nyc.	
Aug 23 2008 	Great location but a little shady	I stayed at this hotel for a work function for two nights. We stayed here last year and the experience was so-so, but I did not review it as I was only there for one night that time; my experience this time was similar so this review will focus on my recent stay.Staff: The staff members with whom I interacted were courteous, attentive and professional. The woman at the check in was a little confused, but was able to get immediate assistance from a supervisor. There was not a lot of warmth, but I did feel they did have a commitment to service.Facilities: This hotel has a Jekyll and Hyde type of personality when it comes to the physical plant. Overall, it is very chic. However, the execution is not always up to the promise of the design. One example would be the carpeting in the hallways. It is very uneven with lots of bumps and bubbles; it looks like it was laid by someone who had never installed carpet before. In my stay last year, I noticed this as well, and the situation hasn’t improved. The hallways are dim and for an elderly person or someone who has trouble walking, that could easily be a tripping hazard. Another example was in my room. The tub stuck out further than the edge of the tub surround (maybe 2 inches) so the tub basin wasn’t completely covered in the back. It looked like someone took a piece of plastic and cut it with garden shears and then used lots of caulk to patch the gap. Not a big deal, just poor execution and for $500+/night, I wouldn’t expect that. The last thing, and it’s not a huge deal, but my room still had a conventional television rather than a flat screen/LCD type television. The TV sat on a big pedestal and it was bulky and awkward looking when the rest of the design was very smooth and minimalist.None of this was a major deal, but for the cost and for the image the hotel wants to project, I just felt it didn’t deliver.Highlights: I had dinner and lunch at the hotel and the food was nice. The catering staff was friendly and accommodating. I did not go up to the roof pool, but several of my co-workers went up and said it was nice. The products in the bathroom (soap, shampoo, lotion) were great. It was enjoyable to sit in the lobby and watch people. They have a nice bar there as well.Areas for improvement: There were two items that stuck out as really needing improvement, one extremely minor, the other very bothersome. The minor thing was the size of the keys. They are about twice as long as regular hotel room keys, maybe about the size of two credit cards laid end to end. This caused a problem each time I went for a run in Central Park because those keys were too long to fit into my running shorts. That meant I had to wait on line (or “in” line for everyone who doesn’t live in New York) to ask the front desk/concierge to hold it and then wait on line again to pick it up. Not a major issue but those were unnecessary interactions that could have been avoided with a normal sized key. Additionally, they don’t fit in regular pants pockets that well.The second, and more serious issue, was my account review when I checked out. I reviewed my account on the TV prior to checkout and it said I owed $158 in mini-bar fees. There were three pages of charges on the screen. Nobody had been in my room but me and I never even opened the mini-bar. When I called the front desk, they said they’d do an inventory and then credit my account if they found an error. I don’t understand how they could make an error that big…I would have had to clean out the entire thing to use the numerous items on the list. After I asked the guy on the phone to immediately remove the charges so I could check out, he did, but I just felt it was a shady way to operate. To be nickel and dimed by a hotel that positions itself as upscale and charges rates accordingly, it seemed kind of sleazy.Location: As other reviewers say, this is an awesome location. Very central, near subway lines, Times Square, Central Park, 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Center. It is hard to beat this location.Overall impression: This is a fairly nice hotel. If someone got a good deal, I would recommend it. However, I have stayed at other hotels in mid-town in the same price range where all aspects of service were on target, and there were a couple of misses by Le Parker Meridien. If someone I knew did stay there, I’d just tell them to keep an eye on their account balance.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great location nice rooms	We stayed for a long weekend to catch Wicked. The hotel is in an unbeatable location. Don't stay for the pool - small and crowded. Stay for a great price in a great location. We had a King bed and a pull out sofa, plenty of room for 2 adults and 2 kids in NYC (and that is saying something) for only $350 per night.Rooms are modern (not my favorite decor but new) and clean. Lobby was always clean but had an odd set up.You can walk to Central Park, All the best shopping, Rockafeller, Time Sq, and the Theater district. No need for cabs. Two subway lines right around the block.The view from the roof top is great- but they could sprue the roof top up - plants nicer tables etcOverall would stay again.	
Aug 18 2008 	Luxurious! A breath of fresh air.	After a horrendous experience at the nearby Flatotel, where I ended up leaving less than an hour after check in, I booked this hotel at the last minute at midnight. This was a breath of fresh air! Great service, sound proof rooms, huge tv, super comfy bed w/ down pillows and synthetic for your choice, PeterThomasRoth toiletries, ice machine on my floor, safe in the room and my favorite, central a/c. The view from my room, 2915, was of Central Park - beautiful. It is located on 6th ave and 56/57 streets. The 57 street stop of the F subway line is on the corner. The only thing I can complain about is no free wifi in the rooms. I don't know about the public areas b/c I ended up using the Starbucks next to the hotel. I don't understand why the higher end hotels never give such an easy and cheap perk that makes the stay so convenient while mid-price chains consider that standard. But other than that, it was worth every penny.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great....	A great hotel, superb location (soon to be improved with the opening of a Dean and Deluca across the street). Skip breakfast at the hotel and head to diners on 7th Avenue for food.Lots of children/young families when I was there which is not great news for any users of the terrific roof top pool...the refuge from the kids was the great terrace around the pool deck with views of the Park.Things to improve: Why not coffee makers in the rooms? The hallways are really dark and the hallway carpets are shabby (some floors have new carpets, some don't). The &quot;Burger Joint&quot; is great but really overcrowded....Otherwise, great value, neighborhood, superb service at the front desk, housekeeping, and concierge desk.	
Aug 16 2008 	For $200 it's fine but I wouldn't return	Since I snagged a room for a $200 on Priceline, I wasn't expecting much. When I learned that LPM had accepted my bid I made a bee-line for the reviews here &amp; I was dreading my stay.PRO's:- Location, location, location- Pleasant, courteous &amp; efficient Front Desk personnel. Also, every employee that I ran into on the elevators, in the halls, etc. was extremely polite. It was a very nice touch, &amp; clearly the management has made this a priority, for which I give them much credit.- PeterThomasRoth sundries - delightful- Clean (hey, when cleanliness shows up as a PRO for a 4* hotel, you're really hitting the bottom of the barrel)- Location, location, locationCON's:- No privacy!!! The window, which was pleasantly large, was exposed to countless apartment buildings and it only had a sheer &quot;glass&quot; curtain!? It was the sort of curtain that most hotels (the London, Elysee, Essex House, etc) have next to the glass, coupled with a heavy, opaque curtain that can be drawn for privacy. Not here! And since there are no robes, good luck after showering. I guess you could bring your evening togs into the b.room with you prior to showering. But even after you're in your night clothes, everyone outside can see you in your room unless you turn off the lights. Really lame.- Room decor is drab, uninspiring, and frankly, masculin. &quot;Cheerful &amp; fun to return to&quot; it was not. Looked more like a man's Study than a hotel room. That includes the deep, matte grey wall &amp; floor tiles in b.room.- Noise: toilets flushing in neighboring rooms &amp; street noise (&amp; I was on the 29th floor(!), so the windows are old &amp; unglazed)._________________________________________________I didn't try the burgers, but I popped my head back there to check it out, &amp; I must say it is a very neat setup. There's no way I would've known it was there if I hadn't read the reviews here first. Truly unique &amp; it smelled heavenly.In closing, if you're someone for whom the room's &quot;happiness factor&quot; is of no importance, and you don't mind the lack of privacy or the street &amp; toilet noise, then I'd try for this hotel on Priceline. I didn't have a terrible stay by any stretch of the imagination. It was fine for what it was, but I wouldn't go back. This was the first time I've used Priceline, but now that I've experienced it, I'd rather spend the extra $150 (give or take) and have a fun room that I enjoy being in. For me, the room is part of the experience, even though I spend precious little time there. Hey, we all have different priorities, &amp; I hope this review helps you in your decision.	
Aug 15 2008 	Location Location Location....oh and Burgers!	We had a girls trip to New York and it was fantastic! We upgraded our hotel from Eastgate Towers to the Le Parker at the last minute and we were so glad we did!The Hotel was run of the mill for a 4* but it was located in a fantastic position. South from Central Park and East of the shopping district just a short walk away!Our room was a double with a side view of another building so it was very dark. We had a room for 3 adults with a rollaway bed, not good it you are over 5ft 5in and not very comfy but it did the trick.The burger joint was fantastic, so typical of an old american diner very authentic and definitely worth a visit. The burgers are fantastic and with a mountain of fries you wont go home hungry! If it's good enough for Heston......Avoid the Bus Tours unless you get on the bus early (around 9am) and stay on it for the full loop in order to see everything in one go. Then you can revist the places you want to see. We got on the bus near our hotel got off at the Empire State Building and then found that on our return there was a huge queue (30 deep)and every bus that came along was already full! We didn't use the bus again that day and paid around $40 each for that privilige! Use the Underground instead it's far cheaper and much quicker at $2 per journey.	
Aug 9 2008 	disappointed	When myself, my sister, and my mom originally booked our 2 night stay at the Le Parker Meridien in NYC, I was very excited bc I have never stayed in a hotel of that caliber before. Upon arrival, we were 'upgraded' to a suite--originally we had booked a room with 2 double beds. What they didn't mention was that it was a handicapped room-in more than one way. It was designed to make a deaf or someone in a wheelchair very comfortable. There were 2 key card access points, an automatic opening door, a bathroom door that slid open and closed, a wheelchair accessible shower (which created a flood all over the bathroom when used). The 3 of us we not too bothered with the handicap accessible amenities but it was the other problems we incurred and how I was treated that was the main issue. We noticed that the sink was not draining properly and called the front desk to get it fixed, then went to a show. When we returned to the room exhausted after a long day (around 11:45pm) the sink was still not working and now the toilet was not either. So I called the front desk again-this was after 12:15am and asked for it to be fixed. With in 10 mins a maintenance man arrived to fix the problems. The toilet was an easy fix for him but when he tried to fix the sink, he noticed some spinach coming back up and asked if any of us had thrown up spinach since being in the room--mind you we might have been in the room a total of 45 mins since checking in. I told him that we hadn't and that we had pretty much just checked in. He told me I wasn't telling the truth and to come and look at it. I told him no thank you I don't need to see it. He then insisted again that I had thrown up. I didn't respond to him and just let him finish so i could go to bed. Overall it is a nice hotel but I expected more. The pool was small, the main entrance was less than grand, the rooms were unimpressive, not what i expected from a hotel of this nature. I wouldn't not stay there again but it would not be my first choice or one that I would recommend.	
Aug 8 2008 	We Loved this hotel	We stayed in Le Parker Meridien for our honeymoon in new york. On arrival we found we had a substantial upgrade champange and goodies in our now park view room on the 31st floor. All the staff we delt with were extremely helpful, they had helped my family sort out a dinner and theatre evening as a surprise before our arrival.The room was clean and spacious, and the facilities were brilliant. There was a mix of families and business customers staying here.We found the location perfect, central park was 2 blocks away, and with 5th avenue and broadway on our door step we couldn't of asked for more.I would definitley recommend this hotel and would stay again on our next trip to NY.	
Aug 4 2008 	Don't Leave Without a Burger!	I stayed in the hotel for a weekend, very relaxing, and modern decor. Definitely fit the bill. What I didn't expect was the fabulous Le Parker Meridian burger joint, which I'm positive won best burger of the city this year (2008) and rightfully so. Upon walking into the lobby, you wouldn't even know this place existed if it were not for the tiny neon burger sign. It's so small, and open to the public, so you don't even have to be a guest to get a burger! Anytime you take a trip down to Central Park, bring a burger, and have lunch there! Fabulous!	
Aug 3 2008 	Great location	Great location off 57th st, easy walking distance to Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Trump Plaza and close to subway stations. Large hotel with many rooms resulting in slow elevators and wait times at front desk. Funky room appointments with a European flair. Two restaurants in lobby area, Burger Joint is great, Norma's forgettable. Great pizza and pasta across the street at Angelo's. Location of this hotel is key, hotel experience OK.	
Jul 23 2008 	Modern Hotel in Great Location	Can't beat the location of this modern hotel. It's just south of Central Park and close to literally everything. The service could be a little more personable, but the quality of the hotel is excellent. Love the platform beds and the toiletries...the exfoliating soap is great! I miss it!	
Jul 23 2008 	Consistently good	I've been staying at the Parker Meridien for 10 years. Initially, my company put me up there for business trips, but I liked it so much that I continue to stay there for personal trips as well.. That paid off for my most recent visit, as I was given an upgrade to a 41st floor suite with the most amazing views of Central Park! This isn't the first time I've been upgraded, either. The food is consistently great (try BURGER), the staff was mostly wonderful - there are so many employees that have been there for years - it's like returning to my home away from home. While the rooms haven't changed much over the years, everything was in fine working order. I was traveling with my husband and 2 1/2 year old daughter. Considering the heat wave, it was great to have a comfortable, cool room - and we used the swimming pool every day.	
Jul 18 2008 	Alright but no real personality	Having spent the previous week in downtown NYC, I was keen to stay nearer to the big shopping areas and central park so choose the Parker Merdien. Certainly, the location is in excellent reach of any restaurant, shop or service you could possibly want. Once in the hotel, the lobby is average, and certainly with few wow factors. in fact, the famous NYC burger joint is one of the unique attractions of the hotel and is purposely hidden away by gigantic curtains....apparently to keep the secret alive...rightio... Actually, the burger was pretty good there, although the cafe is small, cramped and quite smelly - you come out of there smelling like a greasy spoon. We had a deluxe superior King on the 31st floor - a great view and certainly less noise than the lower floors. The hotel also boasts a roof top pool, but seriously, if you are accustomed to hotel pools and like to work off calories by swimming lengths, then this pool will disappoint, as you can't swing a cat in it. There is no hotel gym, but guests are encouraged to use a gym next door which is $10 per day which was rather disappointing; however the gym was good, above average. The room itself was small, but clean and bright. Has a modern design and makes the best of the space - in fact the room contains all the essentials you need in a room, but not luxurious. Bathroom was even smaller - the kind that once you're on the toilet you get knocked off if you want to close the door! The mini bar saga which I read about on a previous review did not catch us out, although to be fair, the check in guy did tell us even if we moved a bottle, our room would be charged. All in all a pleasant stay, but nothing that would pull us back there again.	
Jul 17 2008 	Just "ok" for NYC.....	Ok, let's not get off on the wrong foot here, it was a good hotel overall. However, NYC has got some real serious competition when it comes to lodging.A client of my wife's bailed on the company reservation on a Wednesday evening, so the room was going to go unused. You better believed we hopped right on that! Now we are both born and raised in NYC so even though it was a unique experience staying in the hotel for the night, the whole Manhattan thing was nothing new to us.I personally am a middle of the road hotel guy - HILTON, RADISON, HYATT, etc but my wife has to put clients in higher end hotels, like Westins, Four Seasons and so on. I expected this hotel to be on that level and although nice, clean, and somewhat trendy (like a W), it didn't compare to the other high-end hotels. We were upgraded at check to the 33rd floor with a Central Park View. Room was nice, but nothing special. Large however for NYC at about 330 sq ft. The TV unit had a cool feature by which the entire thing swiveled so it could be watched from anywhere. It also had a bad feature, it had a DVD-VCR combo. Whats a VCR? Is there really a need for that? The upgrade didn't seem like much of an upgrade...was it even an upgrade? We treated our self to room service which as always was good but a rip off. A burger and club sandwich with 2 soda's was about 50 bucks. Hey, what are you gonna do? They also kept me on hold for about 5 minutes, literally, before they took my order. That's clearly not normal. True story, half way through my burger I found a half a toothpick inside it. No joke, it wasn't part of the club sandwich either as I counted 4 other intact toothpicks. Odd, but I am laid back cat and continued to scarf down that burger. Ok, enough bashing as there are some pro's to this place. The following day I didn't have to be into work until about 2pm so I took MAJOR advantage of the gym, roof deck pool and sun deck for tanning. That was intense and whole lot of fun. Wifey was super jealous as she had to scoot out of the hotel at about 8am.... sorry babe, get a job in advertising! I did not like how there was a ten dollar gym fee. I kinda of expected it, but when the room rate is 350.00 (I know cause I checked out and got the receipt), let me use the gym for Pete's sake! It's a good hotel and the location is awesome if you are going to be exploring Central Park or 5th Ave for shopping. With that being said, if I was a tourist or business traveler I would probable stay at The Palace, a W, or the Four Seasons if they were priced in a similar range. I'll give the hotel credit as it has that young, trendy, sexy style with it......too a degree. Not half as much as a W, but it tries. Ohh and management, if you are reading this.... the TOM and JERRY cartoon playing in the elevator with no sound is just corny. I was a fan when I was 8, but not now when I am 28.	
Jul 15 2008 	My Long Lost Love :(	I would first like to start off by saying this has been my favorite place to stay under $350.00 a night in New York City!well, with rising fuel costs and lay offs I guess it has affected this property. The rooms are not as fresh and clean as they used to be in 1999-2005. I visit NYC 2-3 time a year and always pefered to stay here because of the location to Bergdof's and Central Park.close to Times square but w/o the noise.Now the price of the rooms are twice as much as 3 years ago but the quality and service has fallen... the reviews about the mini bar are true..I tell them i don't want a key when i check in because of the problems i've had in the past. and the front desk is alway so uptight and rude.it's just part of the LPM experience..every now and then i get a cutie who smiles. lolthe Westin Time Square is now whre i stay and the front desk is always accomodating. :)On a good note..the Breakfast is the BEST in NYC!wherever I stay in the city I always try to have breakfast at Norma's.love the french press coffee and the fresh fruit smoothieswaffles with brule'...	
Jul 11 2008 	A total ripp off!	First of, i am a world traveler, and have been in hundreds of hotel of all sizes and class. This placer is nice indeed, is definately a 4 star, the rooms are very nice and the amenities are from Peter Thomas Roth. The staff i also very courteous and proffessional.However, this is the first time i feel the need to express my dissatisfaction with the management and policies of any hotel ever. Here is a few reasons why:  Average room cost = $350 ( very high for this time of year) Mini bar is charged automaticaly and NON refundable!! EVEN if you simply move things to make space for your own stuff ( something i do absolutely everywhere with no problem at all) Most places simply cancel the charges at check out, this one wont.Parking =$50 ( more than double the lowest rate a few blocks away)  Continental brfst ( a croissant juice and yogurt) = $27 plus tip and taxes 2 empty glasses of wine sent to your room =$16 ( at that price i can buy a good bottle and 2 glasses that i can keep lol) Use of internet =$16 per 24 hours. Use of the crapy old gym= $10  I think ill spend my money somewhere else, next time.	
Jul 10 2008 	Mini-Bar 	The location of the hotel and the comfort level of the room were okay, though this is more of a 3-star hotel than a 4-star hotel. What really left a sour taste in our mouths was a new electronic system for tracking charges to the mini-bar (and the way the staff handled the problems that resulted). Be aware that the charges go on your credit card account as soon as you pick up a bottle, even if just to look at it. And, the charges REMAIN on your account even if you choose to put the bottle back in. After spending over $500 to stay for 2 nights over 4th of July weekend, we saw a $35 bill for the mini-bar while checking out even though my wife and I (who are professors at a major university, not wild college kids raiding a fridge on spring break) did not consume or remove a single item for the mini-bar. We spotted this charge at check-out and wanted the to remove it at once, but maybe in our relaxing weekend clothes we did not look respectable enough to the staff. They simply told us they could not do that right away and would look into it. My wife and I had to catch a train back, so we had no choice but to leave -- but the hotel went ahead and charged us. I am hoping that they will reimburse us -- it is after all, just $35. But, there is absolutely no reason on the planet for a 4-star hotel to treat its guests in this manner, there is no reason why I should have to be wasting my time trying to talk to the right people to resolve a charge that is actually pretty insignificant compared to the $500-plus we spent for two nights at this place. I should note that this was not an isolated incident, as we heard at least three other guests challenging charges that appeared on their bill during checkout (and two of these guests were talking about the mini-bar!). If this gets resolved, I guess I will edit this post - but the damage is done in view of the treatment we have already received and the hassle we are having to go through right now.	
Jul 6 2008 	July 4th a dud.	First off, Ican't believe the most recent review is 2 years ago.Other than some of the staff who were helpful, our stay was just OK.I booked thru Priceline and selected a 4 star hotel. I wish a different hotel had accepted my offer. I can't believe this is a 4 star.The first room was dirty and they switched us to a different room. Room was OK but overall, the hotel seems tired.With all the other options, I would not go back nor would I recommend this hotel to others.	
Jun 22 2008 	Great Stay at the Parker Meridien	I booked this hotel because of the price and the location--close to Lincoln Center. We had just stayed in New York two weekends before and, in those two weeks, the price of a room in the hotel at which we usually stay (in the same hotel group) had risen $60. So I thought I would try someplace new for the same price. Then I read the TripAdvisor reviews, some of which were very critical of the hotel. So I wondered if I had made a good choice.This hotel is wonderful and exactly to our taste. It has a European, understated modern feel and is decorated in gray and white with a splash of orange. In the bathroom were white, soft towels, embossed with the hotel name. Hanging on hooks were three wash cloths. The middle one was orange. This made me smile.The room had a great built-in desk with a convenient internet connection and good desk chair. We had a room with two double beds. The room was a decent size. Flat screen TV. Separate reading lights for each bed. An armchair and ottoman. A safe and an umbrella to use if it rained. Nice lighting. The platform beds were so comfortable. Firm but plush for aching bones. I can't say enough about the sheets. These must have been 1000 count sheets and ironed, so that they were as soft and smooth as satin.Although there was street noise (we were on the 19th floor), there was NO noise from the hallway. Either the hotel was empty (not) or the rooms were well insulated. No cleaning personnel started banging doors and carts and laughing in the hallway at 9 AM.Some of the reviews I read had negative comments about the staff and the restaurants. From the Hawaiian-shirted men at the curb to the lavendar-shirted people at the desk, everyone was very friendly, helpful and welcoming. When we came down to the lobby to check out, a bell hop approached us and asked if he could help us or check our bags. He warned us that it might take 10 minutes when we came back to collect the bags. He willingly went back to check another package after I bought something at the store in the lobby. When we came to collect our bags later that day, a bell hop saw us getting our claim checks and came right over. I saw proactive employees here. Helped before you had to figure out what to do.Not one condescending person either.We ate Sunday breakfast at Norma's, the breakfast-only restaurant with &quot;best brunch&quot; awards. Other reviewers thought the food was overrated and overpriced. Not us. Despite the fact that the lobby was packed with people waiting to get in, we were seated at the time of our reservation. There are lots of wait staff and hosts and bus boys in the restaurant and they hustle. The food was to die for and not overpriced for what you get. The freshly squeezed orange juice was complimentary and refills were offered. We were also given complimentary glasses of the smoothie of the day. We can't wait to go back!	
Jun 15 2008 	Pleasant stay	We booked a jr. suite b/c we were traveling with our 1 yr. old and wanted to have enough space for the crib and for her to wonder around. The room was indeed spacious with ample closet space and it was clean. Brunch at Norma's was amazing although expensive. The Burger place was also quite good. The location is perfect and within walking distance to almost everything we did- central park, 5th ave. and madison ave. shopping, times square and UWS shopping. The hotel staff was also very kid friendly and the concierge was helpful.We were not, however, impressed with the drab furnishings, outdated tv and the fact that the room did not have wireless. We ordered take out from the hotel restaurant Seppi's one night-it was awful and expensive. We were also dissapointed with the lack of service from the doormen.Overall, we would stay again.	
Jun 14 2008 	Can do better	Stayed here for 3 nights on business. Will not stay here again. The room was dreary and the furniture in need of throwing out for a hotel of this class. When you enter the lobby it feels chaotic more like an airport waiting lounge. The breakfast was good, if not a tad pretensious.You can do better than this hotel for the money.	
Jun 13 2008 	great location modern rooms	Just returned from a plesent stay at this hotel.Its location was perfect for us, 2 blocks away from central park (my husband is a runner, so did laps daily), a subway station on either end of the road straight to times square, 34th street etc, a starbucks on 3 sides of the block (a must for coffee and muffins for breakfast) a jamba juice on one corner and a decent mini market on another and not too noisy unlike the madness in time square area.The room wasnt massive, but perfectly adequate, after all you only sleep and wash there. It was a modern design, large very comfy bed with a light duvet, large telly with about 30 channels, decent size wardrobe and large storage draws, a free safe in the room, minibar, air con, dvd player and vcr, cool alarm clock and large desk area. The window was very thick and it soundproofed the room very well.The bathroom was well lit with a large walk in shower with a hose attachment. The toiletries were lovely and replaced daily if you used them, and loads of towels too, oh and a bathrobe.We didnt use the restaurants, they were very popular and generally busy, but there are so many places to eat close by that you will never starve.Previous people have mentioned the lifts and we were on the 34th floor and used the lifts by the restaurant, only had to wait a very short time for them to arrive and then they seem to have a turbo mode when my ears actually popped going up and down they went so fast! Yes there are cartoons playing in them - amazing how many business men will watch them, and we went during a heat wave and did not find them too hot.Would i return to this hotel? definately. It wasnt cheap, but worth the money and reception were always happy to help.	
Jun 9 2008 	A Lot of Rudeness!	The pool is fantastic, and the location is good - can walk to the park and walk to Times Square to the shows. The service is close to the worst that I have ever experienced. From the &quot;incorrect&quot; information given to us at booking to rude doormen (we carried our own bags in) to a three hour wait for our rooms (not ready until 4:15PM) to rude front desk staff to a manager who could care less about customer service to a housekeeping staff that needed to be called once at 4:30 PM to clean the room and then twice the next day to maintenance staff that &quot;fixed&quot; a leaking air conditioning unit (not) to hostile staff at Norma's, I really felt that my presence in &quot;their&quot; hotel was a total inconvenience to all of them. These people need to learn that they do work in the hospitality industry, and that a shred of customer service is a requirement of the job. No one actually swore at us or told us to get the heck out of there, but the message was certainly received loud and clear.We had an air conditioning unit that leaked all over the king bedroom of a junior suite to the point that half of the floor was completely soaked. Maintenance came to fix it. It continued to leak. They did not come back. No one offered us a room with a dry floor. We just walked around in &quot;the swamp bedroom&quot; for 600$ per night. The view from the rooms is nothing - just other buildings. The only view of the park from the rooms is the trees. Norma's is pretty much the epicenter of rude people. Do not believe anything that they say that this is a family friendly hotel. There were no scooters for our kids at the front desk. My husband and I did not even get a hello. The kids never got any welcome pack. The movies in our room also was not working. We called the front desk to see if they had any movies or recommendations. They told us to go to Blockbuster, and &quot;No - I do not know where the closest one is.&quot;You have been forwarned.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great Location Horrible Hotel	The hotel is right off of Central Park. That is the best thing I can say about it. The view from the roof was stunning. We got a lot of great pictures. I suggest you go to the hotel, get to the roof and take pictures of the buildings and central park. Then stay somewhere else!!!!The room was small and bare. It was devoid of any character or feeling at all. The bed was hard. I imagine the floor would have been more comfortable.The every member of the staff was rude. I felt as if I was interrupting their day! (If they were going for the stereotype of snobby French, they nailed it!)Overall New York was incredible (We ended up moving to the city), the hotel was unremarkable.Two thumbs way down!	
May 30 2008 	Fantastic Location	We visited this hotel for 4 nights over the memorial weekend. After reading the recent reviews we were slightly concerned as to what to expect however we were pleasantly surprised. Firstly the location of the hotel is perfect, a short walk from central park and 5th avenue which was ideal for us.I contacted the hotel the week before to request a room with a view over central park and were given a room on the 29 floor. The view was wonderful and we arrived at the hotel at 1:00pm and the room was already available for us which was fantastic. The rooms were larger than average for New York and were cleaned and bathroom products replenished every day. The hotel is large and therefore does not have a personal service that you receive at smaller hotels, however we expected this and the staff were always pleasant helpful when we approached them.Overall we really enjoyed our stay at this hotel, and would definitely stay there again.	
May 28 2008	Great stay!	My family of 4 (children ages 2 and 3) stayed for one night after a long, exhausting day of waiting at Laguardia for a flight that was eventually cancelled, stranding us in NY overnight. We were too nervous to try an airport hotel so opted to take the cab ride to Midtown.For a little background, we like to stay at Four Seasons properties when possible. However, the Four Seasons NY wanted $1100 for a room that night, versus $299 for Le Parker Meridien. I thought the place was terrific! I'm perplexed by some of the negative reviews. I can only surmise that the service, etc. varies depending upon the occupancy level on a given day. We checked in at 11:00 p.m. The lobby was surprisingly busy for that hour, but we had no problems checking in. There were plenty of bellmen to help with the luggage - including the one who wheeled the cart through the doorway then stood around as conspicuously as possible, shamelessly waiting for a tip. Check-in was easy, even without a reservation, and we were able to get connecting rooms as requested. The front desk staff gave us coloring books (featuring the hotel and NYC scenes) and crayons for the kids. A bellman accompanied us to the room with our bags. He put away our bags and asked whether we wanted bathrobes. We said yes and they were delivered to our room within 10 minutes along with the DSL cable and crib we requested. For those who are interested, the crib was actually a (small) crib, not a portable play yard, which I appreciate.The rooms we had (one king, one double) were huge, especially by NYC standards. Plenty of space for us and all our bags. The decor was sleek, and the rotating entertainment center with flat screen TV was nice, especially after having just stayed at another hotel where the TV was inexplicably placed where viewing from the bed caused neck cramps. The DVD player was great, as were the reading lights above each bed (we used one as a night light for our kids). There was a large desk in the room, and a fast internet connection (for a $16 fee). The beds and pillows were comfortable with nice linens - actually better than some luxury hotel beds which I think can sometimes be too soft, leaving me with a backache in the morning. We were on the 15th floor, and our view was mainly of the building next door under construction. It was a bit noisy but only after 8 a.m. or so. I can't really see complaining about the view in NYC - there are a lot of buildings there, so you're likely to be looking at one no matter where you stay.As far as storage, there was a decent sized closet (no door, just a curtain) with a safe. An iron and ironing board were provided as well as an umbrella, which I thought was a nice touch.Yes, the bathroom is small. It has a combination tub/shower, no separate toilet room here. However, it was clean and nicely decorated. The Peter Thomas Roth toiletries were nice. Towels were clean, soft and plentiful. My only complaint was the hair dryer - the tiny one that attaches to the wall. I think for this caliber hotel, a full size hair dryer would be in order.Room service was expensive, but the food really was very good (and arrived in under 30 minutes). May have been the best room service food I have eaten (but keep in mind that I spent the day, including two meals, at Laguardia). The build-your-own sundae was $18 but was awesome, worth every penny. I have no regrets about the money we spent on room service.The location was perfect for us. Starbucks directly across the street, and plenty of little delis nearby to grab some lunch. I think the one we ate at was called Fresh Bites, right around the corner. The hotel is very close to Central Park and 5th Ave. shops. Easy walk to take the kids to FAO Schwarz.We asked for a late check out, and were given until 1:00 - no charge. We called again asking for an even later check out, since my husband had a conference call that was running late, and were told that any time after 1:00 would incur a $150 fee (1/2 day room rate). We ended up staying in the rooms until 1:20 and they didn't charge us anything extra. After we checked out, the bell desk kept our bags while we went out shopping.We used the concierge desk to arrange a car to the airport. We have special needs in that area with two kids in car seats, and Maria handled it perfectly and quickly. The mini bar is on sensors, so don't pick anything up unless you want to pay for it (or spend an inordinate amount of your time arguing about it when you arrive home - the tag on the handle warns of this). There is no lock so my kids opened the door and picked up some items before we could stop them, but nothing was charged, so I'm guessing only the items in the refrigerator are on sensors.Overall, a great stay. We will definitely stay there again (hopefully on a planned NYC visit next time). I honestly can't believe how inexpensive the place is for what you get. No, it's not the Four Seasons, but it doesn't claim to be. This is a terrific choice in NYC and I would recommend it to anyone.	
May 28 2008 	Won't be staying there again	I have just returned from a weekend stay at this hotel. Having previously stayed at the Sofitel and the Waldorf Astoria, we were expecting an enjoyable experience from a hotel of this class. we were disappointed. Hotel location is fine, if you are planning to hit the high end shops and department stores along 5th Avenue, then it's OK. Otherwise it may be more convenient to stay further downtown perhaps towards Times Square and nearer to some more affordable shopping places.It's an impersonal hotel, with a high ceiling marble lobby with lots of mirrors, but no finishing touches. There is an overrated dark smokey burger joint hidden in the corner behind some curtains. Hotel is best suited to business or group travellers. The doormen were not particularly attentive or helpful, but very quick to whisk your bags away (so you need to get your tips out ready!).We found the bedrooms to be hugely disappointing. Very sparsely decorated (artex finished ceiling) OK, if you like the very dull minimal look. On top of the old mattress was a very thick, soft saggy mattress protector which made the bed very uncomfortable. We didn't realise until we got back to our room late at night that there were no curtains other than some netting. To make matters worse we were looked into directly opposite by an office block which had its lights on all night. So we spent the rest of the evening moving around in the dark! We complained the next day. We were told that the hotel was undergoing some refurbishment and that some rooms didn't have any curtains but had some blinds which you could pull down. We had to convince the front desk that we had neither and eventually was offered an upgraded room. Other than being on the 39th floor and having a view over the park, the room itself was no different from our last room.We found there was lack of information about the hotel facilities, there is a pool and gym, but we didn't know whether it was open to guests and its times as we were not told when we checked in and there was no info in the room. We did find the pool by discovering a different set of lifts only to find it was closed.Breakfast at Normas is overrated. Yes the a la carte portions are big and there is a good choice but unless I was staying here I wouldn't recommend making a special effort to come for breakfast (which we were told people do). Would I stay here again or recommend others to stay here, the answer to both is no.	
May 27 2008 	Fabulous hotel!!	Everything about this hotel is first rate. If you're lucky enough to get a room with a Central Park view, the experience is sublime. We'll never stay anywhere else in New York City now that we've stayed at the Le Parker Meridien.	
May 27 2008	Great Stay at Le Parker Meridien	We stayed over the Memorial Day weekend at Le Parler Meridien and had a great time. We were somewhat concerned about our stay because of the middling reviews, but were pleasantly surprised. They gave us a free upgrade to a junior suite when we arrived without us requesting, and for a small fee, we were able to secure a small refrigerator for our room. The room itself was spacious for NYC standards, with Scandanavian sleekness, and a beautiful, large shower, and nice bathroom. My wife thought that the bed was one of the most comfortable she's ever slept on. It also had a nice flat-screen television as well as a DVD player. The restaurants are very good - Norma's serves some of the best breakfast fare (albeit at a hefty price tag) in the city, Seppi's has nice French bitsro fare, and the casual Burger Joint features some of the best, relatively cheap burgers in the city (the wait, however, can at times be prohibitive). The hotel also features a pool on its highest floor and a decent view of Central Park from its rooftop. Finally, the location, in Midtown West, just a couple blocks south of Central Park, a couple blocks west of Fifth Avenue shopping, and a brisk walk away from Times Square and the Theater District, is hard to beat. Carnegie Hall and MOMA are relatively close.  All in all, a great stay at a very good midtown hotel.	
May 26 2008 	Spacious room good value	I was pleasantly surprised with the Le Parker Meridien. My room was on the 5th floor - it was quite spacious especially compared to other hotel rooms in NYC. The bed was comfortable and the toiletries were nice (Peter Thomas Roth products). I would have liked a bathrobe in the room, but not a big deal. The location in Midtown is good. I was in NY on business but would stay here again for leisure travel.	
May 19 2008	Caught them on a bad weekend perhaps...?	Room was very spacious. Oddly decorated; there was this weird cutout sofa in the corner that looked like it belonged on some cruise ship. No tea/coffee pot, no bathrobes, no slippers, skimpy on the toiletries- but they did smell nice.Room service took 1+ hr (was a rainy Friday night, so I'm giving them a freebie here). Requested xtra toothbrush and it didn't come until the next morning-was hanging on my door- I guess better than not getting at all. Sink must have had the wrong (too small) fixture b/c when you turned water on, part of the stream would splash right on the counter.(?)Late checkout is 12:30 for $25. Lobby is small; mirrors are nice, as were the mirrors in the room. Overall, okay, not great. Great location near theaters..	
May 19 2008 	The Most Perfect Week!	Well for my 21st birthday i decided to go to New York, as id never been and always wanted to go. Le Parker Meridian was the hotel i decided to stay at and i must say i had the most perfect week there!As soon as we arrived the people behind reception were extremely helpful, giving us our room keys on the 9th floor. Once we had got to our room looking out the windows we saw a building and the street and that was it, feeling kinda let down as we were promised a room with a view of central park, we went downstairs to ask if the were any rooms available with a view, and they said the was one being cleaned right now, if we wanted to wait for a hour we could have that one. So that we did, and we got moved from the 9th to the 38th floor, with AMAZING views of central park!Once we got to our new room we realised you couldnt actually open the window, so called down to house keeping and they sent someone up to open it within minutes. Also throughout our stay we used the conceige desk many times for some information, and they were always willing to help and give good advice. The room service was amazing and the tabel it comes on beautiful. The lifts i didnt find a problem, the most i ever had to wait was 5 minutes, which isnt really that long!!The room too was a good size, we had 3 stayin in one room which ment they put an extra bed in there for us along with a double and even with that the was still plenty of room! The only thing i would say is be careful with the mini bar as all you have to do is lift something out of there to read it and you get charged! Luckily a kind man who worked for the hotel told us this upon arrival!And finally the hotel is in an amazing spot, right ontop of central park, minutes walk away from broadway , times square and Right next door to Carneigh Hall. With also an amazing chinese take out just up the street! and Hooters round the corner! haha!Overall i LOVE Le Parker Meridian and i LOVED New York, I dont see how its got so many bad reviews! i had the most amazing week ever!	
May 9 2008 	TERRIBLE in every way	We were meant to be staying at the Jumeriah Essex House but due to some technical error we were put in Le Parker Meridien to our dismay. Having stayed at Le Meridien properties and being impressed in the past, this was a HUGE disappointment. I do not think it is in a good location (unless you want to be near Central Park). It is MANY MANY blocks away for Macy's for example, and will take a good 40 mins to walk there. So if you are in NY for a shopping trip, it is not ideal. The rooms are small, the bathrooms tiny. We were staying in a Park view suite (which was supposed to be an upgrade). The hotel is NOT at the edge of the park, it is a few blocks away, so the the 'view' was just the top of some trees!!! Certainly not worth the extra cost and certainly NOT a room with a view! In addition, to make things even worse, we had a HUGE construction site basically taking up the WHOLE view from our window!!!! It was ugly and noisy!The decor was basic. The carpets were dirty. There was no body wash in the bathroom. I would NOT stay here again and would not reccommend anyone else to.	
May 4 2008 	Great location but not the Four Seasons	I recently spent three nights at Le Parker Meridien. I had just spent three nights at the Four Seasons in Miami so was a bit disappointed. The hallways are extremely dark and the rooms small. The bathrooms are 5' x 6'.My room wasn't cleaned the first day. I was at meetings the entire day and didn't return until 11:00pm and was too tired to have someone come and make up the room at that time of the night. The next day I did track down housekeeping and complained. Would I stay there again? I doubt it.	
Apr 28 2008 	Roach	I was prepped to write these guys a nice review. We stayed in a junior suite on the 40th floor, and for NYC the room was huge. We were there for a few days, so it was nice to have the extra space. But on the last day, as I was packing, a roach skittered across the bedroom floor. Thankfully my wife didn't notice. I know it's New York, but in a high-end hotel, at $400+ / night, I expect way more.	
Apr 19 2008 	pleasant stay	I have stayed at this hotel a few times and have never had any complaints. The rooms are a decent size, always clean with comfortable beds. Bathrooms are fine, nothing special but they do supply nice bath products, much better than average.I love the lobby of this hotel, very large and kind of busy - much like New York itself. Norma's for breakfast is fabulous and I think worth trying at least once. I haven't eaten at the Burger Joint there but hear that it is overrated.The location is great, perfect for midtown shopping, Central Park and not far from Times Square.You can get good rates if you book on-line and pay in advance. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 8 2008	Nice place to stay in NYC	Stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of April. Paid $335/night, which is pretty typical for NYC, but there are definitely better deals out there. Here's what I liked about the hotel:Great location. Close to Times Square, Theater District, shopping, 5th avenue, Rockefeller Center.Bed was very comfortable. Nice pillows, soft sheets.We were given a room on a high floor with a view of Central Park. That was a nice touch!Lobby is gorgeous- you will feel special when you come back to the hotel at night.Fresh flowers in the lobby were beautiful.Free New York Times delivered to the room each morning.Great water pressure, nice hot water. Towels were soft and fluffy.They have Peter Thomas Roth shampoo, conditioner, and lotion in the bathroom.We slept in one morning and missed the regular cleaning time. Later in the day, we called housekeeping and requested our room to be made up with fresh towels, etc. When we got back to the room, everything was perfect.They play cartoons in the elevators. Good sense of humor. Instead of the typical &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign, their sign says &quot;Fuhgettaboutit&quot;Dislikes:Room was a bit small. The rotating TV/entertainment center took up WAY too much space.Room service menu was ungodly expensive. Iced tea for $6? I don't think so!I wish they had bathrobes in the room. Bathroom was small.Nobody offered to help us with our luggage.	
Apr 6 2008	No SPG Participation is a big shame...	Le Parker Meridien is one of those rare Starwood properties that due to management or ownership issues refuses to participate in SPG. This means that despite your being a Starwood Preferred Guest and no matter how much you spend here, you cannot earn a single starpoint. It's a shame, the property has such potential!	
Apr 1 2008 	Not worth 4 stars	My wife and I stayed there March 21-24. The hall carpets looked as if they hadn't been vacuumed for a month. Same for our room carpet. And, the bedspread wasn't clean. Hotel has a number of things going for it, but for the price-no longer worth it.	
Mar 27 2008 	great location not great for biz travelers	I'll start with the good-Le Parker Meridien is in a fantastic location, right near Central Park and all the wonderful shopping a person could ask for. I have a yearly business trip and we book a small block of rooms here every year. The place is very chic, valet is easy and the secret burger joint is cool. If you are a business traveler however, I prefer to stay in a hotel which caters to this. There is no wireless Internet and to get the chord you have to get one from the desk or call to have one brought up, they are not just in the rooms. I think this is a big inconvenience and I am typically not picky at all. The beds are great and there are plasma tvs. The elevators are awful, staying on the 20th floor like I did this past stay-well, budget 10-15 minutes to get to the lobby. They lobby is SO busy, which has the great hustle and bustle of NYC but there are better lounge type lobbies in town. The restuarant is cute, an old charming French place but somewhat forgetable. I love this place for its location and the chicness but as a business traveler who makes 3-5 other trips to NYC per year, there are many more I prefer.	
Mar 18 2008 	Reservation Nightmare	My husband and I stayed at the Le Parker in November. And, with the exception of the lack of heat we found it very well located, and the room fine for New York city. So, I called the hotel to book a room for my daughters and me for a 5 day spring break. I told them that there were 3 of us. They quoted me a $365 pernight and I received confirmation for 2 in my email. I called back and said there are THREE of us. No problem they said, just show up.So, three weeks later (about 10 days before our trip) I checked Hotels.com and saw that the room we had booked was now discounted to 259.00 for 3 of our 5 night stay. I tried to book it and couldn't so I called the hotel to speak to reservations. I was told that this room could only have 2 people in it. I told them that I booked it for three. The first time I was told that there wasn't a problem and they resent the confirmation. Again, two people in the room. After two more phone calls I was told you now (by a young man with a really snotty attitude) that we COULDN'T have three people in a room because the room, advertised with two double beds really AREN'T double beds...they are large TWIN BEDS. (whatever that means...custom made large twins?). Oh, and I had to pay another $35.00 per night for a cot. But they would get back to me. Oh, said that guy from reservations,and I had a crappy view as well. As I was searching for another place to stay I received an email from reservations saying that they would honor my original reservation price in a king room with a cot. They would upgrade us to a park view which was nice. This whole nonsense took a whole day...Yes, I could have snuck one of us in...but I won't do that. I found the check in desk to be cold. Literally no hello, no Welcome to ....Not good.The room was fine. It worked. The Concierge Desk was really accomodating. And the Doormen are great. The Burger Joint was good. The location of the hotel is good. But quite frankly, unless the price was fantastic I wouldn't go back. This was the second time in 3 months that I stayed here. I don't need flowers or a basket of fruit...but I don't need to spend a whole day on the phone (at my expense) trying to solidify a reservation. because I am honest and want them to know how many of us there really are staying with them Oh...and a hello...or a smile (!) to welcome is nice.	
Mar 17 2008 	The Bad Reviews on this Site are Downright Erroneous	My mother and I, who live in Washington DC, visited New York last weekend (Mar 15-16) for a weekend getaway. We had stayed at this hotel twice before and loved it both times, and we saw Quikbook.com offer standard rooms for $325, so we got one without blinking twice.How the hell does this hotel get so many bad reviews? I think I know why. People see the absolutely gorgeous lobby and think they are staying in a Four Seasons, only to see that their room is actually 4 star quality rather than 5 star. This is a FOUR STAR HOTEL, people! You aren't (or shouldn't be) paying more than $400 for a room. For the price we payed, we couldn't believe that we were able to stay at such a wonderful hotel. The lobby and Norma's restaurant are spectacular, and the room is very good. It was clean, the beds were comfortable (I had the best night's sleep of my entire life, literally), the bathroom was beautiful, the shower head had a knob that allowed me to decide how much water pressure I wanted, the TV was perfect and easily adjustable, and the reading lamps were just adorable. The staff are great too...we had some street noise trouble on the 10th floor, so we called the front desk to ask them to change our room. They didn't do that...but they did send a maintenance worker to our room, who fixed the window and solved the problem. We didn't hear a horn honk for the rest of the night.The breakfast at Norma's restaurant is designed for Gods. Make a reservation, or wait several hours for a table.Apparently most people disagree with the reviewers here because the hotel was full and the lobby was packed...its a great place to hang out as well, if you aren't staying there already. I know I'm going back for a fourth time.	
Mar 11 2008 	Loved the Burgers	We chose this hotel as I had previously visited for breakfast as the restaurant Normas had won many awards. I was disappointed when we stayed. It was our honeymoon and we had booked a special room. When we arrived no one offered to take our luggage to the room. When we got there we were overlooking an appartment block. We did move rooms and had a lovely view over Central Park. Breakfast was disappointing. There is a burger joint in the hotel which they keep quite. We had a burger almost everyday we were there, thats how good they were. I would definately go back for a burger but I am sure there are nicer hotels to stay.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great Location - Great Hotel	The hotel is in a great location but then it happens to be in the area I particularly know and love! My friend and I had a two double bedded room and the size was good, especially for New York. The bathroom was modern and overall, both were clean and well fitted. I simply cannot fault our stay. Having said that, we didn't sample room service, but it did look expensive (like most hotels).Top tips: Thalia restaurant on 8th Ave and 50th St. Good cocktails too! For breakfast I'd recommend Astro's on 6th Ave and 55th St and Apple Jacks on 8th Ave and 56th Street. If you're shattered and simply don't want to go out for dinner, I'd recommend the Carlyle deli on 7th and 56th. There is hot food available and it makes for a quick (and cheap - if that's a consideration) night in!	
Feb 22 2008 	presidents weekend	Everyone who works for this hotel were always smiling and happy. We checked in early Sunday morning and the doorman took our car and luggage and was so cheerful. We were immediatley upgrade to a king suite by a very pleasant front desk girl.Our room was a very clean IKEA design style. They gave us a minifridge to keep our daughters medicine cold at no charge.The location was great with plenty of little gourmet deli stores to get snacks and breakfast items right outside the front door..The room service prices were way too expensive for anyone with brain cells.The pool on the penthouse was great and had a great view of the city. The burger joint in the lobby was a great hidden treasure.Housekeeping was fast, we needed more towels and the toilet plunged and five minutes later everything was delivered.We paid aaa price of 323/night for two queen beds superior room , city view and were upgrade to aking suite for no charge.Parking 50/day no in and out charges.	
Feb 19 2008	Overpriced and impersonal	We visit NYC from suburban New York once a year with two teenage kids for a little tourist activity. This was our first stay at the Parker Meridien.We paid well over $600 per night for two deluxe rooms which were supposed to be a little bigger with decent views. I would hate to see the smaller rooms as we barely had enough room to unpack and circumnavigate the foot of the bed. The bathroom was a matchbox with a one basin sink. The furnishings were very contemporary and the king bed was pretty comfortable. Granted post Christmas is a busy time of the year in NYC, but a huge hotel like this contributes to a zoo-like atmosphere. The lobby looked like a refugee zone, which is exacerbated by the long lines for the famous burger joint in the lobby. The restaurant in the lobby is well-known for its weekend breakfast and we assumed, as a hotel guest, that we might get some preference in the reservation area (incorrect). We had to wait a long time for a table and then concluded the reviews were over-inflated. We would not stay there again, particularly at that price.	
Feb 19 2008 	Fine	The positives: Got a good price on Hotwire. Rooms were clean, newish and had some style. Beds were comfortable. Location is great. Got a quiet night's sleep. Sent us a complimentary cheese and cracker plate because the room we booked (king bed) was not available. Check out was quick despite a very long line. Service was generally good.The negatives: room we booked was not available. Very crowded. Gym costs money. Flatscreen TV was old and picture was mediocre. If I could give 3.5 stars I would. For the price we paid on Hotwire it was a good choice.	
Feb 15 2008	Poor Security - Poor Service	Booked a room online for a one night stay on Saturday night in November. Requested A 2:30 pm check in time. Arrived at 3 pm and was given a room. Put the key in the door, opened the door, were greeted by another couple ALREADY IN THE ROOM. They screamed, we screamed, apologized, then went back downstairs. The front desk asked if we wanted to check in. After explaining that we already did, they apologized but told us there were no more rooms ready yet, and to check back after 4pm. We went back an hour later (were asked by the same desk person if we were there to check-in) and were given another room with apologies and assurances that this room was ready and unoccupied. Went to the room, opened the door, and it was a mess and currently occupied by a service person. At this point my wife was very concerned for her security at this hotel and we decided to book another room elsewhere. We went to the front desk, explained what happened, and asked for a refund. We were informed that because we booked online, we weren't able to get one. To their credit they did offer a suite at the same price, but we already booked another non-refundable room. After the assistant manager refused to give us our money back we saw the manager who agreed. Weeks went by with no refund. I called back to see what happened to my refund and was told that the &quot;General Manager&quot; overruled the manager and decided we shouldn't get our money back. Very poor service and customer treatment for rooms that are not inexpensive at $600-$700 a night.	
Feb 11 2008	Beware of Theft	I travel for work about 3 to 4 times per month, always to 4 and 5 star hotels. I recently stayed at Le Parker Meridien for what I can honestly say was a mediocre stay and overall a terrible experience. When I returned home from my stay, just a few hours after leaving the hotel, my digital camera was missing from my briefcase. Neither the camera, nor the briefcase had been out of my room during my stay. I called the hotel, and they checked both rooms I had stayed in, as I had switched rooms halfway through my stay, telling me that nothing was found. The hotel assured me that they had insurance, and they would do some more investigating and call me back. After several more calls I was offered a room upgrade on my next stay. I told them that I would not accept this and that I felt the camera should be replaced. I was told customer service would get back to me, but they were not responsible for anything left in the rooms while out. Several weeks, and several calls later, Le Parker Meridien refuses to respond. Overall, I felt that the staff was unfriendly and unprofessional, but I suppose this is the kind of treatment you can expect from a hotel that is cheap enough to charge for use of the gym and pretentious enough to charge $40 for an omelette. Aside from this, the rooms were also very dark, the hallways were drab and the accommodation was as welcoming as an office furnished by Ikea.	
Feb 11 2008 	Great Breakfasts!	I stayed at the Le Parker in late 2005, over Thanksgiving. I was part of a mini-convention, and stayed as part of a group of 100 or so individuals. The hotel was chosen for us, and we did not pay for the accomodation.I was a little disappointed when I arrived, as the guidebooks bigged the hotel up as being one of NY's best. I found the room very chic, but also fairly small and with a view of an internal courtyard and a flat roof some floors below, which had all manner of rubbish on it. That said, the room was very clean, as was the bathroom. Everything worked, and was properly screwed together.The public areas of the hotel are well looked after and were nicely decorated for the holidays.Breakfasts were fantastic in the hotel's own eating are just of reception. We were also given a &quot;Gala Dinner&quot; at the convention centre at the top of the hotel, which was pretty good considering the mass-catering nature of it.On the whole, the Parker was a pretty cool place to be, and well located within the island. My only gripe was the price of things in the hotel! I didn't have to pay for much on the trip but I remember siging off bills that looked pretty steep for what we got. I should also say that I have since stayed in NY in another hotel which was not nearly as good, but only fractionally cheaper, so perhaps I should just conclude that Manhattan is expensive!	
Feb 1 2008	Great very happy	Stayed 4 nights late Jan08. Good sized and very comfortable room. Not super luxurious but had character, and solid 4 star. Brilliant location, close to best shops and central park, as well as subway.Nice common spaces and great high end american brekky in off lobby cafe. Friendly bar next door, didn't try the french food though.	
Jan 31 2008 	Good	We stayed in the Le Parker Meridien from the 19th - 23rd December 2007. It was our first time in New York so wanted a base fairly central and thats what we got. Literally 2 mins from Central Park and within 20 mins walk to most of the main shopping areas. The hotel itself was very good and clean. The gym and pool were excellent additions which we made good use of. The pool was included in the room price but the gym was 10 dollars/day.The only downside to the hotel we found was that there was no bar area to sit in whilst enjoying a drink and reading the paper - just an area to relax out of your room. Its not a big problem but we are used to these things so was a bit of a disappointment.The burger bar in the lobby is the best burger I have ever had - and I am a burger fan. The restaurant just off the lobby was ok but expensive - there are better places to eat for less money Rue 57 being one of them which is only about 5 mins from the hotel walk.Everybody raved about the 'world famous' breakfasts available from Norma's. Whats all the fuss about? we had a pretty boring but ridiculously expensive breakfast. Nothing wrong with it but its nothing to shout about.The hotel room was spacious with an excellent shower and large bed. There is also a seating area with a small drinks cabinet - dont take anything out of that though because the prices are a rip off. There was a TV with movie channel etc which we hardly used to be honest.All in all I would definitely recommend the Parker Meridien to anybody. You get what it says on the web site.	
Jan 29 2008 	Fantastic time!	stayed at Le Parker hotel for 6 nights in December as we were getting married at the Empire State building..The hotel was clean and tidy, didnt eat in the hotel as the food was very expensive, we found many excellent places to eat by the hotel which were half the price of the hotel.. The lifts could get very crowded at times therefore I would be prepared to leave earlier tha planned if you are in a rush to get somewhere. We visited the roof top pool which was an experience! More than 8 people in it and you have to wait your turn, excellent service from the staff! SO GET THERE EARLY!!!the Empire State building was a fantastic venue for our wedding! and i would reccomend this location to anyone whos thinking of marrying in New York. The weather was perfect on the day and the views are breath taking. We had a wedding planner based in New York who saw to all the neccessary arrangement from getting the wedding licence, flowers, limo etc not to mention making the whole event perfect...couldnt have asked for a more nicer person. Any one frightened of lifts need not worry (your there in a couple of moments). I would recomend the montabello restaurant for the reception as the food and service was fantastic! Well worth a visit, the staff are most welcoming.We did all the tourist things and there are too manty to mention.( the bus tours around the city are worth the money, you canjump off and back on again all day)..New York is fantastic place to visit and we hope to return in the near future.	
Jan 28 2008 	Girls Weekend at Le Parker Meridien	My friend and I shared a room at Le Parker Meridien for a four night girls' weekend in January 2008. We chose the LPM because its gym -- Gravity Fitness -- was rated as one of the best gyms in NYC and because of its location convenient to Central Park, art museums and the theater district. The hotel was nice with some cute and quirky touches such as cups which say &quot;your cup is upside down,&quot; on the bottom and t.v. screens in the elevators which continually play classic cartoons, The Three Stooges or similar. We couldn't figure out why. Our room was sleek and modern with some interesting decorating touches, such as a television on a rotating tower so that the screen could face the bed or the living area and a shower with floor to ceiling glass. My friend snagged the king bed and I elected the fold-out couch because she is a legendary snorer. The fold out couch was extremely uncomfortable. I think many people would have been unable to sleep on it. My friend found the king bed quite comfortable. The staff was friendly. The woman who operates the gift shop in the lobby was EXTREMELY patient with sleepy guests seeking early morning coffee.Breakfast at Norma's in the hotel was really special, but it cost $80 for the two of us. We had a snack at Seppi's restaurant the night we arrived -- also expensive but good. We opted out of the tiny hamburgers-only restaurant inside the hotel, but, from the crowd inside, it appeared quite popular and was by far the best food value in the hotel.We enjoyed the gym a great deal. There were LOTS of interesting classes we could have taken, but we also wanted to run in the park. We took a spin and abs class which was free with gym admission. We both did the &quot;quickie&quot; work out. This is weight training to failure in a single set on approximately 12 machines. The &quot;quickie&quot; is managed by a computer which tracks your workout and tells you at the end how many 1000s of pounds you lifted. Getting set up for the quickie required the assistance of trainers who spent quite a bit of time with us. I enjoyed the &quot;quickie&quot; workout so much that I tried to find something similar at home.Maybe its been too long since I've visited New York, but $400+ for a room seemed like a lot to me. In addition, the hotel charges $16 per day for internet access and $10 to use the gym. There was a long warning written on the mini-bar explaining that we might be charged if we even touched anything. Given the overall cost of the hotel it seems petty to charge extra for these items. I've read that charging guests for every &quot;extra&quot; is the trend, but I think the policy should be made clear on the website.	
Jan 28 2008 	not to be recommended	did not really have a great stay at this hotel but Ill try and objectively state what I thought were the pros and cons.Pros: swift check in and check in staff polite and helpful.great little burger bar downstairs. good location for shops but couldnt get taxis. nice atmosphere in the lobby area albeit a bit touristy. room service available til late at night. concierge very helpful- although I was lucky enough to speak to the Head Concierge every time.Cons: lots of noise in the badly lit bedrooms from generators outside whichever floor youre on and also from housekeeping early in the morning. dreadful swimming pool on the top floor which was teeming with little children and very hot and humid. Hailing a taxi from the hotel was a 10 minute wait on average every time try walking 3 blocks down where there are better spots. Overall this is definitely closer to the average 4 star hotels in NYC and there are alot nicer ones like the Royalton or the Morgan or Gramercy (very nice gym). My main complaint was with the gym arrangement at Le Meridien and the way that my comments in relation to this were handled. In NYC any hotel that has a gym will NEVER charge you for its use. Many that dont provide one in house will have some form of complimentary vouchers for one neraby to the hotel. We stayed here becuase we liked the look of the gym on the website. There was no mention of fees on the website but when we woke up in the morning and went downstairs to use their Gravity Gym , we were told we have to pay 20 dollars! Ofcourse we paid this but decided we would mention our dissatisfaction at check out with what we considered to be sneaky arrangement of not mentioning additional charges until the very last minute. Even personal training fees had been advertised but there had been no mention whatsoever of an entry charge. The photos of the gym looked very cool but in actual fact the equipment was very awkward to use and required help from a PT (there was only one PT there and she was busy giving a training session). There were some further more commonly used pieces of equipment upstairs but it was so old that it was almost rusting! Probably one of the worst gyms I have been to- amazing how they can make the photographs look so glossy on a website.Anyhow we were further disappointed when, at check out we asked if we could relate our feedback to the Manager who we were informed was unavailable. So we spoke to a duty Manager who said he was rather busy (ie. our comments were too trifling for him to bother addressing) and that we were better off speaking to someone at Gravity the next day ( we were flying back to London that day!). I wrote to the Manager and received a reply 5 months from his assistant later after chasing it again. His assistant re-iterated the hotels policy that they always charge for their Gym since it is not owned by the hotel. I go to NYC about 4 times a year for holidays and this is the worst hotel I have stayed at by a long shot so I would not recommend it.	
Jan 11 2008	Excellent Hotel	The hotel was very clean and staff were very helpful and courteous. The elevator situation was a little annoying. We were on the 7th floor and if you were wanting to go down around check out time, you needed to ride the elevator up first and go down, otherwise the elevators were already full by the time it got to us. But the location is great and I would definitely stay there again, just on a higher floor. &quot;The Burger Joint&quot; on the main floor is amazing! Definitely need to try it while you're there (huge line ups all the time).	
Dec 28 2007 	Great location and value	This hotel is in a great location and given that we were there the weekend before Christmas, we felt it was a very good value. I was disappointed with the lobby ambiance as we typically stay in hotels with a hip lounge/restaurant, and the rooms were nothing special. We didn't have a bathtub but that is typical in many NYC hotels if you don't upgrade. I am sure the rooms with park views are better, and I would say it's probably worth paying a little extra to get a view and a tub. We loved the proximity to Central Park, MOMA, and great shopping and also liked the funky little Burger Bar at the hotel. The concierge and other staff were all very helpful and quick to respond. Overall, we liked the location but weren't impressed by the hotel interiors at all. I expected more since we have stayed at the Parker Palm Springs and absolutely love it.	
Dec 27 2007 	Great hotel wonderful location!!	We decided to take our two children to Manhattan for the first time over Christmas break. We just wanted to stay overnight and were looking for a place to stay that had a great location. We chose Le Parker Meridien and we weren't disappointed. We were on the 22nd floor and had a gorgeous view of Central Park. Upon arrival we were told that we had been upgraded to a larger room. It was very spacious. The only thing we weren't thrilled about was the fact that the pullout sofa was too small for both of our children when we were told by the hotel staff that it would be plenty big for both of them. It wasn't. The master bedroom portion was large and very comfortable. The bathroom was amazing, the shower was HUGE. The hotel pool is on the roof! The kids LOVED going all the way to the top of the building to go swimming.We had room service for dinner, the burgers were GREAT!! For breakfast we ate at Norma's and it was delicious. It was pretty pricey but the portions were HUGE. We really enjoyed our stay in NY and look forward to going again. We'd definitely consider staying at Le Parker Meridien again.	
Nov 26 2007	Great spot for family weekend in NYC	It had been a while since we stayed at the Le Parker Meridien and were really happy with our weekend stay there in early November with our 2 young children.The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful and there never seemed to be much delay in anything (getting checked-in, bags brought to room, room service, getting car from valet) and they were busy - the hotel was definitely not empty.We were upgraded to a suite (we had originally requested 2 double beds) and it worked out great. Kids slept on pull-out, we had king size bed in bedroom. While I defintely appreciated the extra space, not sure if I'd splurge on it on my own dime. Our bathroom had amazing water pressure and it was a pretty good size by NYC standards. We did order room service one morning and they were very prompt. We did eat at Norma's - while good, I don't know if it lives up to the hype. If you are staying at the hotel and want to eat there for Sunday brunch you can call down and request seating at the time you would like. You're not guaranteed to be seated at that time but they do give you preference over walk-ins. The location was great, convenient to everything but let's you escape from the madness &amp; noise of Times Square. Would definitely recommend the hotel to others.	
Nov 19 2007 	RESERVATIONS? THINK TWICE: I'm a Victim for $1933.47	Here are the FACTS -- Le Parker Meridien Hotel in New York has charged me a total of $1,933.47 ... exactly 37 DAYS prior to my scheduled arrival ... and the best part is that I never even set foot in that place once! I agree every hotel should have a &quot;Cancellation Policy&quot;, but if you call in to cancel weeks in advance(37 days!) then this fine 4-star establishment better state this clearly (in bold online or articulate it properly over the phone). I've heard of 24 or even 48 hours &quot;Cancellation&quot; notice prior to forfeiting your money, BUT I have never heard of a hotel charging in FULL no less(!) and with no exceptions on cancelations as is the case with Le Parker Meridien Hotel in New York ... exactly 37 DAYS prior to my scheduled arrival! .... in attempting to resolve this matter, the hotel personnel was very cold and not very friendly let alone helpful ... Le Parker Meridien kept $1,933.47 of our money and in the end &quot;top&quot; staff brushed us off as a nuisance ... a zero (0) star hotel for me... Basically, &quot;Thank you for never visiting - Good Bye.&quot;	
Nov 14 2007 	Location over style	Recently stayed for for four nights at the hotel. The occasion was the 50th birthday of a dear friend. Three couples booked three separate rooms. The hotel was the compromise choice of the birthday girl. My partner and I travel to NY at least once a year for fun. Clearly rates for hotels have jumped a good 50% since our last visit in April. Our park view rooms on the 29th floor cost $625 per night. Our room had a view looking through other building tops of the tree tops of Central Park. Average finishes, neutral color scheme somewhat reminiscent of a W experience. Negatives were little to no storage space, an inadequate ventilation system, no bathrobes and an oversize &quot;mini- bar&quot; which ate up a large portion of what could have been storage space and was so crammed full of expensive goodies we didn't want that there was no room to store anything. Be careful to not trip over the stretched out, wrinkled carpeting in the hallways. The location was good for access to the park. Our friends, my partner and I won't be running back.....	
Nov 9 2007 	Can't wait to stay here again	Everything about my experience was perfect. I stayed here during the upfronts while I was in NYC casting a feature film. My reservation was made via HBO and I was weary since I didn't take care of it myself. My room, while NYC small, was top notch. It was beautiful. The bed was HUGE and incredibly comfortable. The pillows were actually good enough to want to take them home. The bathroom was gorgeous: marble floors and counter with first class soaps and other products. The shower was great, the carpet was even pretty. Everything worked.....the tv, the internet, etc. I even had a view, which is rare in NYC. The room service, while VERY expensive was so good I wanted to eat 24/7 (and I kinda did). There were multiple restaurants in the hotel and they were all amazing. I did not interact with one employee who wasn't 100% professional. I had a great time and can't wait to go back.Oh yeah, the neighborhood was central and easy....and there is a really good French restaurant next door.	
Nov 5 2007 	D Average at best	The best thing about this hotel is the location. We booked a park view with 2 double beds and ended up with a great park view with one bed. When we tried to fix it and showed the confirmation, they refused to change it saying that they were booked.The room are average, The price was gauged the weekend we went because of the NY marathon.Two things were broken in the room. First, the BLINDS and DRAPES would not close! We knew that had to be fixed or we wold have the sun waking us up. Also, the remote worked for 20 seconds and then would stop so we couldn't change the channel. You can't change it manually on the TV so we would be stuck on whatever channell it happened to stop on.We called to have them fix it at 9am. When we returned at 9pm, nothing had been fixed. We had to call again. He came and fixed it. 1 hour later, when we tried to close the drapes? Still broken. The answer we received was &quot;just leave them closed then.&quot; And we had a Park view!The elevators took 15 minutes once to come to the 30th floor. There was also a huge line to go up. When we inquired, they said it was because some of the elevators were broken. Not good!The bathrooms could have been cleaner.They have a &quot;doorman&quot; who is supposed to help you get a cab and after hearing him blow the whistle and waiting for 15 minutes in the cold, we decided we could get one ourselves and walked a block and hailed it for ourselves.All in all, a totally below average stay and for $650 a night, not worth it at all.	
Oct 29 2007 	Wanted to love it but couldn't get there...	Stayed for a one-night overnight here last week as part of a conference. First of all, though I didn't plan it, it seemed that in the conference planning department they do well. Excellent catering quality (though they do shut down rooms promptly after events - and lock the doors!). But the conference staff were courteous to a fault and in this town, it is appreciated.As for the hotel itself - quirkier than a midtown hotel should be, in my opinion (and i live here)! Rooms are wannabe hip but on the noticeabley cheap side, coupla fruit flies in the room (prob not their fault but still...) bathrooms conjur images of cell block facilities. Comfortable beds though! Brady bunch meets W hotel decor - doesn't reallly happen for me.I know the Burger Joint is an acclaimed spot, but it's just too weird in the lobby of this upscale hotel. The hotel restaurant and bar - some French name - has good service/friendly bartenders but allow a Tarot card reader to push patrons around when she sets up her shop there at night in one of the booths(!) All this is a hotel where the rooftop conference and dining rooms could be one of the most elegant in NYC, with sparkling NYC/Central Park views. You get the picture - too much going on - identity crisis!	
Oct 28 2007 	Great Hotel / Great Location	This hotel is excellent!! and has a superb location, very close to the Central Park. The restaurants around the hotel are delightful and the burger joint in the lobby of the hotel is well worth it. I highly recommend this hotel for all New York visitors.	
Oct 22 2007 	Loved it!	My wife and I were very pleased with our stay at Le Parker Meridien! Great location and three amazing resteraunts within the hotel! Norma's is an amazing breakfast spot.Burger Joint is a hidden gem!Got our room on Priceline for $325 a night. Not bad by NYC standards on a weekend? Would definately stay again!	
Oct 22 2007 	Didn't stay there and got charged	I cancelled my reservation there as my trip plans changed and they charged my card anyway. When I called to straighten out they asked me for the cancellation number. Since I didn't had it they mantained the charge saying I didn't cancel.	
Oct 18 2007 	Weak showing	I was traveling to NYC for business. Several of my colleagues stay frequently at this hotel, and say that they like it. I travel for business a fair amount, and generally stay at higher-end hotels. I paid full freight for this place, so it wasn't an internet discount or anything like that. My room had two tiny beds in it, even though I had booked a King. They were the size of dorm beds. When I called the desk, they refused to change it, saying they were booked. I explained that I had a confirmed reservation for a King. It didn't help. The room was alternately freezing or stifling. The climate control was broken, so the only way to turn off the a/c (even though it was 60 degrees outside) was to turn the thermostat up to 76, which caused the heat to blast.Bad experience. No attempt at customer service. I'll never return.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	We stayed at Le Parker Meridien over the weekend. The staff was extremely kind and upgraded our room for us (because it was our anniversary). We had a great view of Central Park and the room was a good size. It is a very modern hotel with all the amenities necessary. It is walking distance to all uptown/midtown locations. All the staff were very friendly and said hello when they saw us (even the cleaning staff). We had brunch at Norma's down in the lobby, YUM! But expect to wait to get in. Overall it was a great experience and I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 6 2007 	Good choice!	We were scheduled to overnight in NY and picked Le Parker Meridien because of price, location and availability. We were upgraded to a room--still small but very efficient and comfortable--with a magnificent view of Central Park. Very modern, minimalist decor everywhere but well designed and executed.The hotel really shone, though, when my spouse became very ill and we had to call for EMS. Two from hotel management stayed with me from the time I went to the concierge until he was placed in the ambulance. Every day I extended my stay one more night. Staff recognized me and asked regularly how things were going. I could not have asked for more personal, caring service at a hotel that charged twice the price. Every night I ate in the little French bistro--good food, great wines by the glass, fair prices. My daily in-room continental breakfast included genuine fresh squeezed OJ and excellent breads and pastries. The view from the rooftop swimming pool has to be one of the best in the city.Only one complaint--indifferent, ineffective doormen. I waited 20 minutes for a cab in mid-afternoon and they suggested I should have engaged a car service if I needed to be somewhere on time. Luckily, the hotel is between W. 56th and 57th, between Broadway and Fifth Avenue, so I could walk almost anywhere I wanted or needed to go.	
Oct 1 2007 	Birthday weekend was so-so	Stayed here for a birthday weekend. I initially reserved for a one night saturday stay but when my party date was moved a day early I called to modify the reservation. They ended up having to make a totally seperate reservation for the Friday night. Not a big deal...Check in was fine and I was even upgraded to a central park view room (recommend!) which was beautiful. The room was clean and a comfortable size. Bathroom tiny - hard to open the door without it squeezing past the toilet lol. But nice amenities and setup was fine.I brought along my little chihuahua and though the hotel has an extensive menu for pets it was kind of pricey since I've been to several hotels and she is sometimes spoiled with her own amenities like a pet bed, pet dishes, and treats - all for free. Didn't have many problems with my stay except for the following:a) Parking - valet is pretty pricey and you're charged everytime you take out the car (as opposed to the day OR just having it billed to the room) b) room was not cleaned due to housekeeping hearing a bark and will not clean the room if a pet is inside (our chihuahua was actually locked in her cage but this does not matter). Must take pet out or be in the room while they clean (who does this?) They did leave us a message explaining why the room was not cleaned when we returned. They did clean it once we took the dog out.c) Room service took FOREVER. I ordered a burger and fries (which was good by the way) and they estimated 30 minutes for it to arrive. I practically fell asleep waiting for it.. it took about an hour.d) Norma's - The food is excellent here and I definitely recommend brunch here but as a hotel guest Icalled the restaurant to put me and my guest on the waitlist. There was no answer so I left a message. the voicemail said I was going to receive a call back. Never did. Ended up having to go downstairs and placing myself on the list. e) Upon checkout - I was practically scolded by the front desk staff regarding my late check out time. I had called the front desk the night before checking out and requested a late check out time. I was asked if a 1pm checkout was ok and I said that was perfect. The next morning I happened to stop by the front desk to ask a question and mentioned I had the 1pm checkout. The front desk staff (forgot her name) said the 1pm checkout was not noted in the computer. She kind of gave me this scowl saying it's not hotel policy to give late checkouts the night before. You have to call the MORNING of your checkout to request a late checkout (kind of pointless if you ask me). I told her had I known this policy I surely would have called first thing in the morning. We went back and forth for a few minutes which was also pointless seeing that it was already noon! Why even argue? I was so mad that that episode between me and the front desk staff even occurred I was so ready to leave.Service is so-so all-around. Unless you find a great deal I would try somewhere else in the city.	
Sep 27 2007	Terrible Hotel - Le Parker Meridien	In June 2007, my husband made a reservation through a travel agent for two adjoining rooms at the Parker Meridien Hotel in NYC. While on route to NY, we called the hotel to confirm two cribs in one of the rooms (for our one-year old and two-year old). We were informed (quite rudely) by the front desk and front desk supervisor at that time that there were no adjoining rooms available for us. Obviously with such small children, we were unable to stay in a room separate from our children. I immediately spoke with someone at our travel agent who also made every attempt to work with the hotel to no avail. They were rude and not understanding of the situation. We requested cancellation and they denied us. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone – we all know what can happen when children are not properly supervised in a hotel room (that poor British couple in Portugal) and I am astonished that the Parker Meridien would think that our babies staying in a separate room would ever be acceptable.	
Sep 10 2007 	Very Good At The Right Price And Great Location	I stayed here for 2 nights recently and often stay in NYC Hotels. The Parker Meridien has a great location.....it is close enough to the Broadway Theaters to walk to them but not smack in the middle of Times Square. It is also close to Central Park. In fact they upgraded us to a park view room which really was a very nice view.The rooms are modern and were not huge but a good size for NYC and had everything you need. I'm not a big fan of the mini bars that charge you if you move anything as I think that is a crummy attempt to prevent you from putting a few of your own items in there but I can overlook that.I paid $300 per night on short notice which unless it is the dead of winter is a good price for a four star or above hotel room in NYC. I wouldn't pay much more but would return at this price point. I found all the staff polite and helpful. Service was slow at the hotel's french restaurant and the food not very good but there are very reasonable and good restaurants in the area. For a good cheap decent meal walk to PJ Carney's Pub around the corner on either 6th or 7th avenue right next door to cafe europa.	
Sep 7 2007 	Cool place	My 4 year old son and I were impressed by Le Parker Meridien. It's a hip hotel that's also appropriate for little ones. The lobby has an incredible, funky, unique hamburger joint that feels like a great hidden secret (it's behind the curtains). The Sunday brunch is one of NYC's best. It's within walking distance to the park, museums, 5th Ave., etc. but it's also on a relatively quiet Ave. (6th). They play cartoons in the elevators for gosh sakes! It was hard to get my little one out of the elevator. And no turn down service or robes, but the price was a bit cheaper than comparable properties so it was worth it. The room was a bit small as was the bathroom. But this is NYC. I was impressed by the staff and the gym/pool. Not many pools in the city, especially top floor ones with a view. We were very happy with our choice and will stay there again.	
Aug 31 2007 	Overly expensive poor quality	We booked a stay at the Le Parker Meridien in February, and it was one of the most disappointing hotels we've ever experienced. When we first arrived, we noticed how modern and sharp the hallways looked as we headed to our room. Then we walked into our room where the surface of the bathtub was actually peeling and the bedding looked embarrassingly worn and faded. We upgraded to a suite, which was better in size, but still had that lackluster bedding. The bathroom looked better, but wasn't designed properly such that anytime you used the shower, water flowed out onto the bathroom floor. The staff wasn't friendly, and it was just aggravation upon aggravation. This hotel really made it hard to enjoy the trip, which is a shame since New York is such a fantastic place to visit.	
Aug 29 2007 	Average hotel - Pool was closed for my entire four night stay	My friend and I decided to book this hotel through Le Parker Meridien's website.What I liked about the hotel:Check in was quick and although we arrived early (1pm), the hotel had a double room available. I was a little bit nervous that we might get stuck with a single King bed, so I’m happy that we got what we had reserved. Elevator service was quick and I liked the cartoons in the elevators! This hotel is not rundown, contrary to what I’ve read in some of the reviews. The floors are also not dark and gloomy. I found the hallways to be very well maintained for such an old building.I enjoyed the atmosphere of the hotel and all of the little details that created the cool vibe. All of the people working at the hotel were very attentive and had time to answer many of our questions. The location is also ideal for somebody who plans to spend time in Central Park, shop on Fifth Ave, visit the museums, dine in fine restaurants, and attend Broadway shows. In fact, I can't think of a better location if these activities will be the focus of your trip. The hotel is literally a step away from Carnegie Hall! If you’d like a place that is central and you’d like to stay in an area that is not overcrowded with people, then this hotel is a great choice. We found the location absolutely perfect for our stay.The decor of the room was beautiful, a modern Scandinavian decor with rich wood tones. There is also a spacious bathroom with more then enough room for your toiletries and other bathroom supplies. There is an ironing board, safe, and more than enough towels. Room service was attentive and replaced our soaps and shampoos as needed. Our room on the eighteenth floor also had a very spacious closet that could have fit twenty suitcases. The view from our window was of the office building next door. The room was bright, large and clean. Housekeeping cleaned the room everyday and towels and bedding was always clean and fresh.Norma's served a very delicious breakfast. Chocolate lovers should order the Decadent French Toast - Just be warned that it is very rich and sweet. I don't particularly have a large appetite during breakfast, nor a sweet tooth, so I wasn't able to finish it, but it was delicious and very well presented. Each dish is presented beautifully; you almost don’t want to eat it. It is quite the experience to eat at this place. People are packed in so tightly that they actually have to pull out the tables to fit people into their seats! If you’d like to have a private conversation, then this is definitely not the place for you. To start off your morning, they also give you a free sample of their smoothie and it was awesome. Portions are very large and orange juice is refillable for $7 a glass. Overall, this was a memorable experience and I enjoyed eating at Norma’s.What I disliked about the hotel:Although staff was helpful, they weren't overly friendly. A few of the late night hotel clerks greeted us a few times with &quot;hello guy's&quot; and &quot;welcome back guys&quot; and this was the friendliest gesture that we received from the people working at this hotel. Everything was always professional and efficient, however it lacked the warmth of a simple smile and this rubbed off a bit on us after our four-night stay. Understandably, this is a very busy hotel with many rooms and many guests, but for a four star, high-class hotel, that charges on average $600 a night for their rooms, standards for customer service should be higher.Secondly, the pool was not available for the duration of our stay. There was a &quot;problem&quot; and that was all that they said about this issue. We explained to the front desk clerk that this was one of the main reasons we booked this hotel and had we known it would not be available, we wouldn’t have booked with their hotel. We asked if there was anything the hotel could do for us to rectify this situation and unfortunately, the best this hotel could do for us was a &quot;room upgrade&quot; for our “next” stay. Even though we had booked directly through the Le Parker Meridien's main website, this was all that they could offer us. Disappointing, to say the least!Third, the beds were not very comfortable. The bedding is luxurious, though. Egyptian cotton linens and soft plush pillows are extremely comforting to sleep with. Unfortunately, I did not sleep well at this hotel. The mattresses themselves are very old and hard, which is why they use very soft mattress covers. Unfortunately, this is not good support for your back. At first I thought I was in heaven, however, after actually trying to sleep, I quickly realized that a soft bed is not everything it is cracked up to be. The mattress cover/pad also seemed to slip or be too small for the bed. The size of the beds weren't really a problem for my friend and myself. Even though by definition they aren't true &quot;double sized beds,&quot; they are big enough for the majority of people. However, if you are 6&quot; tall, you might have reservations. Before I forget, speaking of a good nights sleep, you might want to bring ear plugs, as many of the units in this hotel have issues with their air conditioning units. Our room was always cold, as the cold air blew constantly for our entire stay. It also rattled and I had to set my suitcase against it to muffle the rattling. The dial on this device didn't work and if we had more time, we would have called an attendant to come and fix it, but we didn't want to waste our valuable time. Again this is unacceptable for a four star, $600 a night hotel.Lastly, the service at Norma's was very cold and unfriendly (but the food and menu was fantastic!). Clearly, the people working their could care less that we were customers. Our server was professional and quick, but not particularly friendly. Don’t expect the slightest sign of a smile in this place! Even worse was the service we received for our meal at the burger joint. When we went to order our burger, I politely said with a smile: &quot;Hi, how are you?&quot; and she looked very unhappy, not even having the time for a smile. The girl just gave me a puzzled look, that made me wonder whether I was doing something wrong &quot;What would you like..&quot; she responded without a drip of enthusiasm. I gave her my order, which was a cheeseburger without pickles or relish and even more puzzled she said with an attitude: &quot;We don't put relish on our burgers. Do you see it written on the sign?&quot; She proceeded to point to the sign, and I almost walked out. Her rudeness rubbed off on my friend as well who received similar service. Needless to say, we did not leave a tip in the jar and I will never visit this burger establishment again. I was ready to complain to management, but instead I opted to write this review on Trip Advisor. The burgers themselves were good, but certainly not anything special.Justification for review:The customer service we received at the hotel was quick, professional, and proficient, however it lacked friendliness or warmth. Everyone just did their job, for the most part without a smile (except for some of the guys who worked the graveyard shifts in the lobby who went out of their way to say hello to us). The fact that the pool was not available for the duration of our stay was a major letdown for me, as I love to swim and I was really looking forward to some relaxation on the deck and some amazing views. In the end, the fact that the hotel couldn't do anything for us was very disappointing. Besides a bed that I didn’t particularly like (perhaps others may love it?) and an old air conditioning unit that had issues, the rooms were fantastic. This is a good hotel with stylish decor and a beautiful lobby. The rooms are spacious and functional. Overall, if room cleanliness, location, and a modern stylish decor are important factors for you in choosing a hotel, then this might just be the hotel for you. Otherwise, my advice would be to book elsewhere and spend your hard earned dollars at another hotel that places more value on customer service.A final note about this hotel: Although the location is ideal, after midnight the area pretty much shuts down and becomes quite desolate and besides a drug store and the Apple store, we weren’t able to find a 24 hour diner or anything else open in the area.If the pool and rooftop deck had been open (this is afterall a major amenity that is advertised on their website) and had some of their staff been a little friendlier, my review would have been for four stars. I really wanted to like this hotel. Unfortunately, my overall experience at Le Parker Meridien was average and on my next visit to New York in December I will stay at the Millenium Hilton.Will I be back? No Would I recommend this hotel to others? Yes and no.This hotel is not outstanding, and the TripAdvisor reviews generally reflect this. Only book a room here if you can secure a great rate.	
Aug 24 2007 	Nice Alternative From Times Square	Nice Hotel near Central Park. This location was a little different for us; we typically stay in Times Square. Location was clean; decor was sparse. Didn't like the limited in-room information - no info on local events, attractions, restaurant menus, etc. Hotel had a &quot;Burger Joint&quot; located downstairs which was a different touch for a hotel of this caliber. Nevertheless, the food was good, seating was a challenge.	
Aug 24 2007 	Avoid at all Costs	I tried to send my parents here for their 30th anniversary night. I sent my credit card in advance, to pay for the room. I have been tortured by the most awful person on earth that they employ in their credit department. His name is Neville Harris. He has proceeded to torture me and my husband over an entire week regarding billing issues. We are both busy people that do not have the time to deal with such a fool. He tried to charge more than one card, and steal from us. He should be fired. There are many, many luxury hotels in NYC. Do not waste your time in dealing with these people. They are horrible. I will never stay in a hotel of this brand ever again, and I hope to cancel my starwood account as a result.	
Aug 13 2007 	Good location nice hotel	Got a great deal on hotwire and chose the hotel because of the proximity to central park. We didn't want to stay close to the crowds and this hotel was a nice quiet oasis.The lobby is small and there's no real gift shop (if you're into that). We were a little confused by our directions and had a difficult time finding the main entrance of the hotel. However, the multiple entrances are convenient when leaving to walk the city.It took us a while to find the burger place...very cool! It's located behind the giant curtain in the lobby. Follow the neon burger sign.Our room was located on the 21st floor. The room was small, but sufficient. We had a fantastic view of the park. I noticed that the other rooms around us we're much larger...would've loved to have had one of those.The tv's in the elevators were a nice touch. My daughter loved watching &quot;her movie&quot; in the elevator.You must visit the pool deck for a fabulous view of the city!!Overall, I think the hotel was great for the price we paid. It's not a luxury oasis, but good. It's less crowded than the large chains located closer to times square.	
Aug 12 2007 	Magnifique!	We were the lucky and surprised recipients of an upgrade to a massive one bedroom suite on the 37th floor, with windows on THREE sides (tiny windows in the bathrooms were glazed but opened a bit). Looking north we saw the expanse of Central Park, and on one clear day, all the way to the George Washington Bridge. South was less impressive, but we could still see the Chrysler building!The room was impeccable, beds comfortable, service immediate and cheerful. Decor was minimalist modern, but very tasteful and comfortable. Cushioned window seats in both bedroom and living room! Breakfast at Norma's was creative, vast, and delicious, albeit very pricey. LOVED the rooftop sundeck and pool area, although the pool is a bit small, it IS a pool in a NYC hotel!We were sorry to leave!	
Aug 5 2007 	great hotel that is pet friendly too	Terrific hotel. Good price obtained of 150/night on priceline. You will find it to be centrally located, next to central park. Dont park in the hotel parking for 45/day , use the parking next to it for 40/day. There is a great gym but you pay 10$ to use it. No hotel points or miles granted here.	
Aug 2 2007 	"Nice hotel Dirty Room!"	We got the Le Parker Meridian last minute on Priceline when our flight out of NYC got cancelled, forcing us to stay another day. We got an amazing price, so I'm hesitant to complain, but just one little note.The hotel itself was amazing and the modern decor was fun. The shower was awesome, incredible amount of water pressure and the bath products were fabulous. Being that we were coming in late at night (after 9 pm) and that they gave us the non-smoking room we requested, it seems rude to complain, but there was a woman's hair all over the bathroom of the room that we stayed in, which was ridiculously disgusting. I cleaned it myself, too tired after our airport debacle to go back downstairs to complain and wait for a new room, but in a hotel that's this high-caliber and priced accordingly, I found this unacceptable. Needless to say, I was not impressed, and was left with a negative impression of such a seemingly wonderful hotel.	
Aug 1 2007 	"Uptown and uptight"	The staff was not very friendly or welcoming, to say the least. When we arrived we had to load our own luggage onto a luggage cart from our car and wheel it in. This was fine, but with the price we were paying per night, we would have expected a little help from the hotel staff after being tired from travelling. Our room was very nice, a junior suite. Modern design. Smelled a little funky for a non-smoking room, but we had the upgraded room so we let it slide. The pool is very small but yes, the views are incredible. If you are looking for a nice breakfast, Norma's in the lobby is a beautiful place with very elegant dishes. Be prepared to spend lots of $$$$$ . Our breakfast for 2 cost over $70!!!!! Oh, and if you are interested in working out at the gym, it will cost you an extra $10 every time you go. The best part about this hotel is the cartoons playing in the elevator. Very cute. We stayed here only 3 nights of our 6 night stay. When we asked if we could stay the rest of the time at the same rate they said no way so we left. Our next hotel was a very pleasant change from Le Parker. Would not recommend this hotel and would not return.	
Jul 30 2007 	Super Modern. I felt like George Jetson	My wife is a partner at a CPA firm, so when she has business trips for meetings, I usually accompany her. Last week, we spent 4 wonderful days at the Le Parker Meridien. The room was incredible and very comfortable. We had a room on the 16th floor, overlooking to the north side of town. And while the view wasn't anything spectacular, the room was very quiet and clean.The room featured a large TV set built into a ground to ceiling base that easily swiveled presenting a comfortable view of the set from anywhere in the room. In fact, I spent a good deal of time at the nicely appointed desk by the large window and by rotating the swivel, I could comfortably watch TV while at the desk, surfing the internet on my laptop computer.My wife got a special deal on the room because of the CPA event at the hotel. I believe she paid $400 per night. If you want internet service, be prepared to pay an extra $16 per day for that option. I only needed this for one day, so I didn't rack-up an expensive bill for bringing my laptop.The bathroom was spotless. A very nice mirror inside the bathroom features a light built into the mirror itself. When I turned on the hot water at the sink or the shower, it nearly became hot almost immediately. I liked this because I didn't have to waste a lot of water waiting for the temperature to warm up. I have reason to believe this hotel must have one of those &quot;instant demand&quot; water heaters at each room.The elevators ran fairly fast. There are three of them in the lobby and we never really had to wait very long for a lift. It was a bit odd to be able to watch old Donald Duck, Bugs Bunny cartoons on a monitor in the elevators during the 4 days we stayed there, but I suspect these are to distract kiddos as they ride the elevator.Speaking of kids, we rally didn't see many and for the most part, I would say that 70% of the guests I saw were adults attired in &quot;business casual.&quot; The remainder (like me) were more casual (long pants, short sleeve shirt with walking shoes) who looked the part of a tourist. I only saw one man in a sleeveless tank top who looked like he would be a better fit for a Motel 6, than at the $500 per night Le Parker Meridien. For the most part, everyone was nicely dressed, and the tourist group (like me) didn't dress down to a point to look like they were heading to Coney Island.I am not in a position to advise you on food at the hotel because I never ate there or sampled the bar... I simply love the small cafes that surround the area and enjoy dining &quot;out&quot; rather than eat in the hotel I stay in.The room didn't have a coffee maker, BUT there is a Starbucks right across the street. It was VERY EASY for me to ride the elevator down each morning, cross the street at the hotel (not at the corner... traffic is light at the Le Parker Meridien) and run back up to my room with hot coffee and muffins for me and my wife.Taxi's were very easy to hail at this hotel and the doorman was good getting them for guests. In fact, I nearly always saw a line of Taxis waiting to be next for guests needing a lift.The check-in and check-out process was smooth, easy, friendly and fast. When we first checked in, we were assigned a room on the 9th floor. We went up to the room to discover someone had smoked in the room (we asked for non-smoking) and we simply turned around -- went back to the fornt desk and were promptly given a new room. The clerk advised that they sometimes have a problem with someone smoking in a non-smoking room because the city and most businesses are looking to accommodate the ever growing numbers of non-smoking guests. She also advised that New York Hotels (in this class) are charging people a $300 fee to &quot;clean&quot; the room if a guest smokes in a non-smoking room. (I have no idea how they &quot;clean&quot; the room or vacuum the air, but for $300, I'd be very motivated to ride the elevator down to street level and smoke on the street... ) By the way, I didn't really see people standing outside at the door smoking, just a few folks, and the smoke never really was a problem during our stay, except for the first moment we walked into the first room.One word of caution... more and more hotels in NYC (just like the Meridien and Novotel et-al) are installing motion sensors in their in-room-refrigerators. So if you open the door to look at the over-priced goodies they try and sell you (soft drinks, candy bars, water) you'll automatically get a charge added to your bill. Not to worry, there is a drug-store 1/2 block away going towards 6th avenue where you can buy all the goodies you want for a reasonable price. I bought some energy drinks and simply left them on the air-conditioner vent in the room, and they stayed nice and cold... I never had to open the door to the in-room mini-bar. We left a tip for our housekeeper because the room was ALWAYS made up very fast and spotless at all times. A New York Times newspaper was left each morning at our door... Overall, this was a very good place to stay --- the location was close to Times Square and the subway and a very short walk to the David Letterman Show, where I managed to get tickets on Wednesday for a Thursday afternoon taping... I'd advise to try and book on-line rather than do what I did. I was told it is easier to get tickets on-line than stand outside a day or so before a taping...Good luck and enjoy your stay in NYC at the Le Parker Meridien. I'm confident you'll enjoy your stay as much as me and my wife did.	
Jul 29 2007 	Won't go back	We reserved a non-smoking with two doubles (3 adults). We were given a smoking room with two twins. They &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a room with a king sized bed (that was actually a queen) with a &quot;complimentary&quot; roll away bed. That's not an upgrade.The hallways were dimly lit, which I found to be dangerous-especially when I tripped over a wrinkle in the carpet that I couldn't see!Our room had a nice view of Central Park and was clean.The faucet for the sink was too far away from the basin, and everytime the water was turned on it hit the edge of the counter top and the counter was covered with water.The toilet didn't flush very well. It required at least two flushes every time.The pool was very dangerous. Although there were two &quot;lifeguards&quot; on duty, neither was wearing a bathingsuit, and the rescue tube was not in a place they could easily get to it in an emergency. The floor was tiled with smooth slate, which becomes more slippery than ice when wet....I saw at least 4 adults slip on the wet floor in the 15 minutes we were there.The location was great, and we were able to walk or easily get a cab to anywhere we wanted to go. Also was close to the subway, so it was easy to get to Penn or Grand Central.For the price of the rooms (even with a corporate discount) we expected a lot more, and will not be returning.	
Jul 29 2007	Misplaced reservation	We arrived with children. No room. We had been booked for 2008, not 2007. First words from front desk once they figured out what had happened were:: &quot;It's your fault.&quot; We get confused on dates, but not by a year! We were told we should have checked our confirmation email (sure, should've, but amidst airlines, cars, theater), we didn't notice the year.We asked for the manager. First words again: &quot;It's your fault.&quot; I asked if they could at least help us, call another hotel. &quot;You can go see the concierge.&quot; Debating fault is stupid (and I knew I we weren't getting the rooms, they would win) but I was amazed there was no: &quot;Sorry for the problem, let's see if we can help.&quot; And obviously, someone on their end had keyed in the wrong year. Even if it was 100% &quot;my fault&quot;, we had tried to be guests, and a little help would've been nice.Others nearby remarked how rude they thought the manager was.	
Jul 27 2007 	Wonderful stay at Le Parker Meridien	When we walked into this Hotel at about 12:00 at night from LA, all I could say was wow. The lobby was modern and pretty, and I loved the coffee stand inside the lobby. The next mourning we went to the Breakfast place downstairs. It was simply wonderful (though highly sugary) and the french toast was amazing. Our room had a wonderful view of NYC. The pool upstairs is not to be missed. You can see all of new york from up there. (plus the pool is great in the summer). I love this beautiful hotel-I will definitely be going back.	
Jul 26 2007 	Make sure to check the room rate before your cancellation expires!	This was a last minute trip and I booked a room only about one week before our visit. I checked the prices online but opted to call the hotel directly and pay a slightly higher price to be able to cancel due to family considerations. Their policy is that you have until 24 hours before check-in to cancel, meaning 3 PM the day before the arrival date. Because I had booked so close to our departure I made the mistake of assuming that the prices would remain the same. But the night before we left I just happened to check the prices on the hotel website and saw that our room rate had dropped $60 per night!! If I had checked before 3 PM I could have just canceled and rebooked but since I was after the deadline I was told there was nothing that could be done. When I arrived I insisted on speaking with the Reservations Manager and while she wouldn't adjust our rate she did upgrade our room to a Junior Suite at the same price which I appreciated. I learned a valuable lesson and from now on I will make sure to check the rate before my cancellation option expires, especially during a slow period like summer in NYC.Otherwise, I have mixed feelings about the hotel. Positives: Great midtown location. The Junior Suite was a good size and had two rooms divided by a floor to ceiling unit that swiveled so you could watch the TV in either side of the suite. One room had a King Bed and the other had a pull out sofa plus a cushioned bench sitting area near the window that was like another couch. There was also a desk and an ergonomic chair that was very comfortable. Nice roomy bathroom with large glassed in shower. Front desk was very pleasant and handled our concerns professionally.We didn’t eat in the hotel but there is a Starbucks across the street and many coffee shops and deli’s on 7th Avenue. The Carnegie Deli is very close and always an experience. We found Fluffy’s Café one block away on 7th which was a small shop with a few tables and had a nice selection of healthy wraps and salads.Negatives: The mini-bar looked like it was the type that charged you if you moved anything so we were afraid to use it to refrigerate any other food. There was only an ice machine on the floor, no machine for soda or water. To have a cold drink in the room we had to buy it before we came back and keep it in the ice bucket. The hotel was remodeled about 5 years ago in a contemporary style but wear and tear is starting to show. Our toilet handle stuck down so it was constantly running if we didn’t remember to push it back up. The mattress was hard, especially compared to some of the newer comfort beds at Westin and Marriott. And I agree with the previous post – no Wifi and they charged $16 per day for high speed internet access.	
Jul 19 2007 	Fantasitc - Would Stay Again	Four of us stayed here in April for my daughters 18th birthday, myself, my daughter, my Mum &amp; her friend. We had a fantastic time &amp; couldn't fault the hotel at all, all the staff were extremely friendly &amp; helpful from the coffee bar, receptionists &amp; the concierge. Our rooms were lovely, spacious, clean &amp; comfortable as was the bathroom. The beds were extremely comfortable my daughter wanted to bring one home with her. It was our first time in New York &amp; will definately be going back again and would have no hestiation at all in going back to this hotel. Overall fantasitc.	
Jul 16 2007 	4 star Hotel not 4 star Service	This is a beautiful Hotel its too bad that this hotel lacks in the service area. Check in was a nightmare! After booking our room 2 months in advance, we arrived after traveling all day to the hotel around 3:00pm. We had to wait 1 1/2 hours for them to clean our room. The reason given by the front desk for the delay was that there were so many late check outs. It was disappointing to say the least. With an early morning meeting the next day we ordered room service. It was prompt but only one meal came up, not two and the ice tea was soured. (old tea). When the hamburgers finally came they were great.The Room was nice and clean but very small. If you get a special from one of the discount places online this would be a good hotel because of the location if you did not have to pay more than $150.00 a night for it.	
Jul 16 2007 	Quite comfortable great value but NO WIFI???	We got a great deal on one night at Le Parker Meridien from Hotwire: $130 (total $160 with taxes/fees). We got there early in the morning, so our room wasn't ready, but the desk clerk was very nice and did all the paperwork to check us in. We stored our bags with the bell hop and came back in the mid-afternoon to take custody of our room. The room wasn't huge, but by NYC standards it was spacious. King-size bed, desk, chairs, closet, minibar. TV with VCR *and* DVD player. No complaints there.The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is they don't have wireless internet. To use one of my accompanying friend's favorite phrases, &quot;Oh come on!&quot; Crappy Holiday Inn's have wifi, and this place doesn't? Ridiculous!But all in all, though we didn't spend much time in the room (who does in NYC?), it was very nice and I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 15 2007 	Absolutely Fantastic - Best Hotel Experience!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel and absolutely loved it. They gave us a room overlooking Central Park. The room, awesome. Aeron chair with a desk overlooking CP, a tremendously comfortable bed, room service that cleans your room in the morning and also prepares it at night. I have to say, this hotel impressed me tremendously. Everything from the location to the accommodations was absolutely superb!	
Jul 13 2007 	Loved it but our beds were small!	We have just returned from a week at Le Parker Meridien. The hotel was beautiful! Be sure to check out the pool during the day - you are able to walk on the rooftop (after signing a waiver) and there are magnificent Central Park views. We staying on the 10th floor and our room was good sized for 4 adults. However the beds were a tad small. I know - it's Manhattan so it is to be expected. I wanted to hit the gym, but they charged $10/day to use it. I ended up losing 3 pounds just walking around the city - so skipping the gym worked out for me.Be sure to have a burger as they are amazing. It's hidden in the hotel lobby - don't even think it has a name. Yummy.Overall it was a great hotel. Located between 2 different subway lines - you can get all over the city very easily!	
Jul 10 2007 	Nice hotel but watch the cheesecake	First of all the hotel is nice. I stayed in room 2225 and had a nice view, nice room, nice bathroom, nice everything but... I ordered room service (a piece of plain NY cheescake). On the room service menu the price was $12. Now that's pretty steep for a piece of cheesecake but I wanted it anyway. Room service, by the way, at the Parker Meridien is quick/efficient/nice. The cheesecake was delivered promptly and I was eager to take off the silver plate cover. The disaapointment started there. First, the cake was round, about the size of a pickle jar lid and it was surrounded by delicately sliced strawberries. Presentation wise I gave it a 7.5; portion size rated a 3. Anyway, it was good, so lesson learned. A while later I looked on the guest menu on the tv and found out that my $12 cheesecake had turned into $20. I'm not kidding...$20 for a tiny piece of cheesecake. The hotel had added an 18% gratuity and a $3.50 delivery charge. It's my fault, I should have read the fine print but still...$20.00 for a piece of cheesecake.But all and all the Parker Meridien is nice. The people that work there are nice, helpful, efficient. They just charge to much for their cheesecake.	
Jul 10 2007 	GOOD PRICE BAD HOTEL	I just returned this evening from a four day stay at the Parker Meridien. I was able to get a good rate for a busy weekend in NYC, $280 per night, plus tax, compared to the $400+ rates at other hotels in the area. When I arried the gave me room #817, which had a broken toilet, paint peeling in the bathroom, and a smell of smoke (even though it was non-smoking), so then I got room #721 which had a working toliet, working television, but the A/C was very weak and would not go below 72. I didn't go down to the front desk again, I just put up with it for the four days. The hotel has a &quot;laid back&quot; attutude which is even evident in their marketing, but this translates into poor service all around. From the bellhops, to the restaurants, the hotel is in need of improvement. The sad thing is that it has the potential to be a great hotel, but has a long way to go.	
Jul 6 2007 	Comfortable stay.	We used hotwire to get this hotel. Usually in NYC that means having to stay in the crappiest room -- but we were pleasantly surprised! The hotel is very modern and extremely clean-- right from the really chic lobby and rooms to the playfully written guest service book and minibar (they even have a section for Herbivores and Carnivores). The elevator has a TV that keeps playing cartoons, so you don't have to pretend that you are expecting a call on the phone, or fidget, or look at your fellow elevator denizens (not that they are not good looking or anything). The location is absolutely the best: it is right in the heart of midtown, close to everything. It is just a few blocks off 51st street where many of the trains stop. We found the staff quite friendly. They all were very cheerful. One downside: the iron in the room was old and almost broken. Also the tub had a few cracks. Maybe this was just our room. About the noise that others on Tripadvisor complained: well you are living in the heart of NYC. What did you expect? For those people who want quieter places to stay, I would recommend going to suburbs of New Jersey such as Weehawken, Secaucus, Bridgeport and Morristown which are easily accessible by NJTransit trains and buses from Penn Station/Port Authority and offer quiet stays.	
Jul 5 2007 	Just Okay...	This hotel is not exactly what I expected. The lobby is very nice, albeit loud (lots of people who aren't necessarily guests, coming and going) and we assumed that our room would be just as nice. I had always thought of this as an upscale hotel and the 4-5 stars (depending on where you look) rating is somewhat misleading.Our room was a typical small NYC room. The linens were nice enough and the bed was comfortable. But, this was certainly not a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel. The carpet was a little run down, as was the bathroom. The tub had chips in it and the shower head was fixed and was aimed toward the inside wall of the tub/shower...difficult angle to shower with...you couldn't aim it to point directly at you. The room didn't have wireless internet, but a bellhop promptly brought my husband the proper hardware necessary to conect to the internet. The elevators were very slow, but not that big of a deal.We paid only $275 which was the right price for the hotel. The hotel isn't that great, but the location is fantastic...Carnegie Hall, the park, high-end shopping is all a block or two walk. Next time, we would rather stay somewhere more boutiquey, but at the last minute and at this price, it was hard to find a better deal.	
Jul 2 2007 	Very Nice Stay at the Le Parker Meridien	My wife and I disembarked from our Azamara Cruise ship in Bayonne on Saturday, June 2nd and headed via taxi to the Le Parker Meridien. We knew we would be early (11:00am), way before check-in time, but the staff was great and within minutes we were in our King Size, non-smoking room on the sixth floor.The room was in great shape; very modern/Euro design. The location of this hotel is a huge plus; 50 yards from the Russian Tea Room; 100 yards from Carnegie Hall; two blocks from Central Park; 150 yards from the N,R,B,Q Subway lines. I would imagine we would be a bit more picky if we paid $350 a night for this hotel, after all the room is showing it's age and that feather bed was a little soft for our taste. However, we paid $150 + tax through Priceline and what a coup to get this hotel at that price! Loved our stay in NYC and loved our stay at the Le Parker Meridien.	
Jul 1 2007 	bad hotel	ugly rooms thin walls between rooms nothing in room not even a normal desk closet or coffee makers about 1/2 hour wait for elevators wont ever stay again in this garbage.	
Jun 21 2007 	No Air Smoke Filled Room 45 min. Elevator wait - hotel could care less!	A horror story about the Le Parker Meridien in New York City (May 25, 2007 - May 29, 2007)...  The hotel still has done nothing to &quot;correct&quot; or make up for the experience we had... in fact they refuse to refund any portion of our stay - saying that they do not do that. What they did offer was an upgrade (if available) on our next stay. As if!  Here is our experience...Our stay at this hotel was rather horrible. The air conditioning did not work well enough (however the hotel manager John Yu did not care - actually saying &quot;my room last night was rather chilly&quot;). Our first room was a smoking room (requested non-smoking - they deny this - as if that matters... why should any room smell this bad?) - and it smelled so bad that we could not sleep - the mattress actually smelled as though someone had been blowing smoke in it. (we were moved the next day... however we had to wait until aft 3PM to move and wound up paying the bell hop $40 to move our belongings) . This internet connection was horribly slow. Several channels on our TV did not work properly (Hotel said it's a cable company issue... yeah, right - they were passing the buck all weekend long w/everything else - why should I believe them on this?).  And to top it off... an elevator was down on Sunday - leaving only two operable... and their cracker jack management team actually used the remaining 2 elevators to let 200 guests out of the penthouse in the morning at 10:40AM - not allowing them to stop on any other floors on the way down. We waited 20 minutes to get to the lobby and then took a cab to get to our car rental agency (the one we booked on our own since they did not have that service as advertised on their website) - and when we got there a couple was just getting into a car... Our Car! we got there at 11:11... and they gave our car! (the Le Parker Meridien acting manager John Yu said the elevator could not be programed to &quot;not&quot; stop on any other floors... but I did not believe him - since I witnessed it! Since they had workers fixing the one elevator there, I asked to speak to them... and so John took me... and the maintenance man said you could stop the elevator.... but even after hearing this John still denied it... despite the fact that I did get the elevator to stop (requesting it go UP instead of down) - and the Le Parker Meridien staff member in the elevator said that he in fact had been blocking the elevator from stopping on floors as it went down... I could go on for hours about this... the point being - the hotel did not care about any one of its guests - except for those in the penthouse. We missed our car rental and thus the entire point of our trip - to go upstate about 1 1/2 hours to a celebrity function... but since we could not get there in time w/o a rental car - we missed it! This trip then became a 100% waste of time and money - and the Le Parker Meridien manager did not care at all... in fact it's so bad that when we returned to the hotel (after not getting our rental car), we heard another couple saying how they could not get down for 45 minutes (they did not press the UP button) and missed the Le Parker Meridien check out time - so the hotel actually was going to bill them for a late checkout - when it was there doing! And then when the guests told the hotel why - the front desk staff actually said &quot;how do we know you were waiting?&quot;  Seriously - what kind of hotel are the running here?  John Yu, the manager said to me about missing my event that it was &quot;my prerogative&quot;... My Prerogative? No, I told him - it was My Facts that made me miss the event.... his hotel staff blocked the elevators - I was late to pick up My Car... the car rental agency gave my car away (because it was a busy holiday weekend) and then said I'd have to go to Newark Airport to get another - or wait 1 1/2 hours for them to deliver one... if I did either - we would get to the event at least 1 hour late... Missing It - and then would have to turn around immediately in order to get back to the city for guests we had planed to see at 4:30PM! So, no - It certainly was not my prerogative - it was factual!  I can not believe how horrible this hotel stay was - and to be listed as a 5 star hotel on some websites is laughable... I was told by hotel staff that they are a 4 star... That is even incorrect... more like 3 and then that's questionable.  Oh and the kicker is - after telling the &quot;acting&quot; manager all of our issues - and the major problem that caused us to miss our event today - Never did he even offer us breakfast or lunch - and Never did he even apologise for anything - he had an excuse for everything and even told me that perhaps I should have left the hotel earlier (I told him I planned to have 11-11:30 free to deal w/the car rental company - so again he's wrong... we did everything right - it was his hotel that did something wrong here). He could have cared less.  Now after complaining to the Starwood group about this mess (not that that matters... even though they book for this hotel, apparently the Parker in Palm Springs and NY are privately owned), they've dragged their feet - three weeks now (when I was told in an email that they would get back to me in 5 days). And today I got my first call from the Le Parker Meridien Customer Service person - Lisa. Well, Lisa needs a little more training to do her job, because she again did not know how to listen and/or apologise, but rather took the same route - defending the hotel. Oh, and by the way, Lisa admitted that They made us 10 minutes late to our car rental company (I pointed that out to her when she blamed the car rental company - saying I should be mad at them because the hotel only made us 10 minutes late) - And she admitted that they in fact have a company policy of Holding Elevators to let guests out of the penthouse (saying they found it to be the best way to get everyone out and also noted that those folks in the Penthouse had a tight schedule and needed to leave as soon as possible - this is laughable... again they were more important than the other guests)... it's also interesting how the customer service rep knows this, but the management does not.  I requested a 50% refund for our stay - citing the fact that the entire purpose of our trip was to go to an event that their actions caused us to miss. I did not ask for a full refund (what I feel we deserve for not only what happened, but for the missed event that you can not put a price on), but because I am not greedy and since we did in fact sleep at the hotel for four nights. We did have &quot;some&quot; benefit (if you want to call it that).  They said no. I said I was going to go to the media and tell my story - and that I would also write reviews to warn others about our stay... and not just the stay, but about how this hotel does not care when things do go wrong... that's actually the most important part - fixing the problem immediately - not relying on a policy to &quot;upgrade&quot; people on their next stay... what is that about? What has happened to customer service in this country, and why can people not own up to their mistakes?  This hotel needs to take a lesson from Sofitel (Philly) and Kimpton (Washington, D.C.) - two other hotels we stayed at on our 10 day trip down the east coast...(The only reason we stayed at the Le Parker Meridien was because of The Burger Joint... well worth stepping inside the hotel for... I just wouldn't stay there again!).	
Jun 4 2007 	Great Midtown location and brunch cafe	Pros: Immaculate lobby; great brunch place in lobby called Norma's; used toiletries always replaced; beds and towels always tidy; one block from Central Park southeast corner; one block from subway stations; walking distance to midtown shopping and Times Sq; stayed in double beds and we managed to fit four persons easily; decent security at night since guests must show room keycard to obtain entry; Bugs Bunny cartoon in elevator was amusingCons: Front desk failed to reserve type of room we had wanted until we could name the person who had helped us three weeks prior to arrival (we luckily managed to remember)--near disaster since we had booked double beds; rooms are tight but this is New York	
Jun 1 2007 	The worst hotel I ever stayed in.	Where do I begin? When we arrived, we were told 3 times to come back to the front desk for our room. There was no room available in nonsmoking with 2 beds even though that is what we reserved well in advance. They said we were being upgraded and sent us to a nasty room with one bed on the 11th floor with a view of a wall and a window from a deteriorating building with a broken windowsill. We called from the room and another person at the front desk told us that was not an upgrade and didn't know who gave us the room or why. We went back down and waited some more and then got an upgrade to a room with a very nice view. However, as we were entering the room, a plumber was leaving. He told us &quot;the toilet is okay now.&quot; Well it wasn't! Every time we flushed, about 10 minutes later, toilet contents reappeared. We sent for a plumber who acted like nothing was wrong. Front desk acted like they didn't believe us and didn't know anything about the prior plumber being there.The mini bar was disgusting with half used drinks!!! The caps were put back on. I called the front desk several times, called the manager's extension several times.While the second plumber was in our room, we went to the pool. I sat on a lounge chair and did not know that it was missing a leg. I fell over on to the concrete and the chair landed on top of me. My right forearm was hurt but not badly. It did hurt though!!! And I did cry. Security came up to take a report. I got the feeling it was just a &quot;cover their butts&quot; thing... to make sure I wouldn't sue, he was assessing how I wasn't hurt. I wasn't going to sue, I was just really frustrated.Went back to the room, still no mini bar cleaned out. Went to front desk and called front desk again. Nothing done about it. Called manager several times. No return phone call.Called the front desk on our second day to see about the mini bar again. This time, got a snotty girl who asked if I was &quot;just noticing it&quot; and I got the feeling she thought I didn't want to pay for mini bar. Really gross situation, really rude. On our last night there, we received a phone message at 9:30 PM that our mini bar would be cleaned out the next day. Well we were leaving.When I checked out, there was a bunch of mini bar charges that weren't mine. I spent more time getting that fixed.I filled out a form about how dissatisfied I was. When I got home I had an email from a hotel manager who asked for details.When I wrote to her, what I just wrote here, I got a snotty response that she was &quot;glad I wasn't hurt&quot;... &quot;wasn't charged for the mini bar&quot; and that &quot;perhaps the hotel was just not a good fit.&quot;Say what???? Why is there a lounge chair at the pool with a missing leg!!!! After I fell, the young man working in the pool area acknowledged to me that he knew it was broken but didn't think anyone would sit in it because there were others closer to the pool. Well I don't like to sit at pool edge. I told him to take the cushion off it and fold it up, which they did and then also put a note on it AFTER it was too late for me.Ridiculous. Lousy service, lousy hotel. Okay the view was very nice. One waiter in the Norma's was nice.End of story.	
May 30 2007 	Loved this hotel	This hotel was very spacious, it was as though I was in any city that offered a normal sized hotel room. The location was fabulous, we were steps from central park, 5th avenue, and many other hot sights. Also there is this fabulous italian eatery on 6th on the 57th street side of the hotel, across from some weird dinner theater Jekyll and Hyde. I will always stay here when in the big apple.	
May 28 2007 	Very Comfortable Stay	I stayed here for business for the third time in May. The room was a good size and comfortable and had a great view of Central Park. Staffwere friendly and a problem I reported with the room was dealt with very promptly. The internet service was OK but not the fastest of connections. I ate in both the attached restaurant, Seppi's and Norma's breakfast bar, which were both excellent. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 28 2007 	It worked out	The hotel is about right for the price but I had a few problems. You can't order mixed drinks via room service, which is kind of annoying.Also, the walls/doors are very thin, so don't expect too much privacy. Security called me at 2 AM because the TV volume was too loud - it was at a very reasonable volume, so I just had to turn the TV off (otherwise I wouldn't have been able to hear anything)On the other hand, they accommodated my pet very well and there was no extra pet fee, which was awesome. They also had a pet room service menu - pretty cool!The price was pretty reasonable for this type of hotel. Nothing too special though. I also loved the room service.	
May 23 2007 	Good hotel	Stayed 18-22nd of May, 2nd time at this hotel and enjoyed it as much as the first. Stayed in 3 other hotels in Manhattan and this is the only one we have stayed in twice.Entrance: Impressive, light and airy. Reception quick and hassle free. Conciege very good.Rooms: both times stayed in either a junior suit or a corner suite, not huge but good size for NYC. Sitting area with 2 couches. Cool wet room style bathroom. TV big and has a funky swivvel feature. Beds very comfortable. Pool: very nice,excellent views.Food: Burger bar (hidden behind curtains) very retro funk, small and very popular, best burgers in NYC (?). Normas, ace for breakfast costs about $40 for 2 people thats only £20 uk, cheap really. Seppis, this is also the bar, barman was ace, very helpful and good fun. Restuarant is better than average. If you go 2 blocks down to the london hotel on 55th, go to the gordon ramsey restaurant, unbelievable.Positves: location, Food,Rooms good by NYC.Price, we paid £230 per night for a suit, which is cheap by new york prices.Room to improve: hall ways are dark and dingy, carpets all worn and looks like it needs refurbishing. Also several people said the normal rooms were very small. Overall I loved staying here but next time will probably try the London hotel as it looks newer inside.	
May 15 2007	once again SUPERB	Every time we stay here we are looked after. The staff are friendly, polite and interested in your comfort. Ask for Maria at the Concirge desk,she will look after you. The rooms are big for NY, ask for 22 and above and a Central Park view, you will not be disappointed. There is a Starbucks across the road for brekky but there is also a little coffee/snack stall in the hotel Lobby. A lovely bubbly girl will happily make you a decent latte.Around the corner is a great deli and pharmacy and of course shops!You can walk to Columbus Circle, Wholefoods and Borders are there. Times Square is walking distance as well.There is also excellent security at this hotel, maybe because stars have brunch here.	
May 11 2007 	Not disappointing but nothing exceptional	Stayed three nights in april. The best location in NY, just on 57th street. Impressive hall. Rooms are quite small, but that's normal in New York. Even smaller bathrooms, and that's not ok, especially because they look old. The so-called business center has very few computers (I think three) and asks ridicolously high prices for Internet service. The restaurant should have more tables: in the morning you have to wait too long. Bottomline: not good for business travelers.	
Apr 22 2007 	Pretty but I agree not exceptional	Stayed for one night 4/20/07. The lobby is pretty but the impressiveness stops there. The room was adequate, even a decent size for a NYC hotel room. The bathroom was clean but definitely in need of updating. The bathtub was worn down and they obviously tried to touch up the nicks with enamel cover which aged a different color from the tub. There was no turn down service and very little storage in the room. The worst part was an estimated (by them) 40 minute wait for seating for 2 at breakfast Saturday morning in the lobby cafe. They need more provisions for a hotel of that size. We left and went to Europa Cafe on 57 &amp; 7 and were finished eating within 40 minutes.	
Apr 12 2007	Pricey but not exceptional	I was expecting more from my room based on the price per night and the lobby. The room itself was not disappointing but the bathroom was not up to the standards of cleanliness one would expect from a 4 star hotel.	
Apr 11 2007	I will NEVER stay there again!	I reserved and prepaid for a room through Orbitz. Somehow, Le Parker Meridien had 2 reservations for me and checked me in under its reservation, which I had not prepaid and for which there was no cancellation fee. When I checked out, I was charged for the room even though I had already paid for it and the hotel was hardly full. The front desk was nasty and kept me waiting for over 1 hour before they told me &quot;too bad&quot; I was going to have to pay for 2 rooms even though I only used 1. The hotel manager refused to return my telephone calls and had his assistant email me only after I had sent him 2 letters. His bottom line was the same as the front desk -- I had to pay for the room twice!	
Apr 8 2007 	A regular guest	I've stayed at the Parker Meridien at least six times. The location is fantastic and I think the staff is great, but they've got some problems that need to be fixed:-- The restaurant situation is a mess. In all the times I've stayed there, I've managed to get in for breakfast only once. Who thinks of making a reservation for breakfast?-- Is it really necessary to charge guests for the gym? (The gym is great, by the way.) --- I always seem to get rooms with mechanical problems. Once it was the TV. (They fixed it right away.) Last month, the lock on the door stopped working and I was stuck in the lobby for 45 minutes. (The staff offered to buy me a drink, but I would have rather gotten ready for dinner.) They later sent up a bottle of wine and some nuts.-- VERY IMPORTANT WARNING. I shared a suite with my teenage daughter, and being a good dad, I let her sleep in the king size bed. I took the fold out sofa. IT WAS TERRIBLE! The CIA should use these things to get terrorists to talk. At 3 am, I was in the lobby begging for a rollaway bed. Remember, I was paying $500 a night!!! The following night, housekeeping put on a feather covering. Why didn't they do this the first night?	
Apr 8 2007 	filthy hallways	one becomes a prisoner in one's room because of what it takes to get there. rooms are passable, airless but fairly clean and updated. getting TO the room is grotesque. the public spaces are noisy and disorganized, with oddly small (as in sized) ammenitites. the hallways are absolutely filthy- college dormitory, cheap hotel, filthy. prepare to walk down dark, dirty, ragged, buckling carpeting, past cheap metal doors and scraped walls. dark, dingy....ugh. but the hotel is cheap and well located. it's the emodiment of that old joke, &quot;the food was bad and the portions were small&quot;.	
Apr 8 2007 	Mixed feelings	My wife and I stayed at the Parker Meridien for a romantic extended weekend without kids. My wife likes to stay at the same property each time we visit the city and I like variety. After reading the reviews on the Parker Meridien it seemed like a no-brainer so we booked a room with a Central Park view on the 32nd floor (king size bed).We both love traveling to New York and I am a native New Yorker from Queens now living in Louisville, KY.Good: Location, location, location. Perfect location in upper Midtown within walking distance to both theater district and central park. The hotel is quiet despite being in midtown because it is located far enough away from Times Square to matter. The restaurant scene around the hotel was fabulous although this may be said for many locations in New York. May I suggest Osteria de Circo, Rue 57, Red Star Grille, PJ Carney's for pub/food, and many more I cannot recall right now.I was training for a 10 mile race, so the proximity of central park and its 6 mile running loop was invaluable. The hotel has a first class fitness center providing access to guests as well as independent New Yorkers interested in a great workout. Gold's Gym has nothing on the facilities at this hotel.The staff were extremely accommodating and responsive to any of our needs.Bad: The rooms were very clean and well appointed but they were more suited for a businessman's stay than a romantic weekend. The &quot;king sized&quot; bed was queen sized at best but comfortable. One thing my wife was concerned about was the temperature in the room because a previous reviewer had mentioned that guests could not adjust the thermostat. This reviewer was right on the mark. Our room was extremely hot and we had no ability to adjust the temperature. We had to have a portable fan brought to our room to provide some relief. For $440.00/night I would have expected more.Ugly: NoneWould I stay here again: Will try another hotel in the area first	
Apr 6 2007 	Internet via cable only	Booked via Priceline (175 USD) and was not treated differently, apartfrom getting a room on a lower floor. The hotel has excellent location, decently designed rooms, but does not stand apart in any way.Burger place is fun but I make better food at home. No wireless internet. Internet costs 16 USD/day, which is just irritating.Ok, but not fantastic. Fine if paying less via Priceline.	
Mar 30 2007 	Big dissappointment!!!	For the price that I paid for two nights, I expected more than what we got. The receptionist did not come across as friendly. Room 825 had signs of damp above the window and the bathroom was in need of some decorating. I booked through Expedia which was ine, but when you are paying over £400 for two nights, you expect something good. The air conditioning in the room was noisy, and my partner and I found it difficult to sleep. In all, I would not recommend it. Did not enjoy my stay.	
Mar 30 2007	Always a great stay	On a recent business trip I stayed at Le Parker Meridien Hotel. I have stayed there before, and I am happy to say things are as good as I remember. The only thing that bothered me was the platform bed. It is very low to the ground and hard on the back. The gym, front desk staff, room amenities, and cleanliness and fantastic. And make sure you have expense your business breakfast downstairs at Norma's---the best place in the city for a power breakfast.	
Mar 29 2007 	Unpleasant experience	I am a frequent Priceline user, and we ended up here because of Priceline. I've done Priceline for London, Montreal, Chicago, San Fran, and New York--so I often stay in larger cities. When I checked in, I was told that I was getting &quot;the Priceline room,&quot; and made to feel differently. Further, because we were staying for five nights and they only had king-sized beds available, I asked for a rollaway bed to be added to the room. I have done this previously in London, Montreal, and Key West at no charge. I asked for the $30 fee to be waived because they couldn't provide me with a room with two beds, and they said they would have waived the fee if I wasn't paying from Priceline. They had my bid (and total offer price) on their screen, and they said they would need to charge me because my bid was &quot;only&quot; for $240. I asked to speak to the manager, but my request was declined. In addition to this negative experience, I found the bed hard (there is no boxspring), we only received turndown service once out of our five nights, and they charge $8/hour for Internet service. We did have a burger in the hamburger joint, and this was a tasty burger. But really, it was the only decent thing during our entire hotel stay. I would not book with them again. And why call yourself a Starwood if you're not at all affiliated with Starwood??	
Mar 24 2007 	Le Parker Meridien Hotel - Great Experience ! ! ! !	We decided to stay in the city overnight as we were attending a TV Land Presentation and meeting former President Bill Clinton! I called the hotel directly and though it is included under Starwood Hotels listings, you do not get points for stays here as it is privately owned. However, I think (?) because I could not get points we were upgraded from a regular room to a suite! The suite was very roomy, sleek, chic, minimalist and sophisticated in decor. We were in 1426 and at that height is very quiet exc perhaps for the occasional siren. Mattress was VERY comfy we thought. The living area had 2 sofas, one was a pullout and would be good if you had children with you; however, no door separates the living area from the bedroom if that is a consideration. Also, the flat screen tv swives cleverly from either the living room or the bedroom. Our room was very clean. I do not understand why they don't include two bathrobes in the room (husband didn't care anyway) and, oddly, only one washcloth (although plenty of towels). Only a very large modernist walk-in shower, no tub. The hotel is a very short walk to the Russian Tea Room where we had dined the night before the millenium and went to again on Friday evening (see other review). We enjoyed our stay and would stay there again. We were told they have a burger place in the hotel that is known for outstanding burgers (and there was a huge line for the place when we checked in!) but we didn't have a chance to sample the burgers. We would have eaten breakfast in their dining room; however, it looked like a madhouse and we ate elsewhere. Staff was all very friendly and personable.	
Mar 19 2007 	Awkward staff	I booked this hotel via Expedia 3 months in advance and, since I was travelling with my adult son, asked for twin beds. Expedia make it clear that they can't guarantee to meet special requests. I didn't think that asking for twin beds was all that special, but having been caught out the last time I visited NYC using Expedia, I stipulated that they were essential and asked them not to book me at the Le Parker if they couldn't guarantee that.Needless to say, there was no reaction but when we arrived at the hotel after a 10 hour flight from Ireland to Newark and a 2 hour cab ride due to cross-town traffic, it was to be told that there were no twin bedded rooms left. After I protested, the clerk agreed to put a rollaway bed in the room for my son. This wasn't at all satisfactory but we didn't really have any choice.On returning to the room later that night, the rollaway hadn't been supplied. The receptionist couldn't have cared less, but reluctantly agreed to try to get a rollaway for us, and told me it would cost extra. She went on to say that all this was my fault. If I'd booked direct with them instead of with Expedia, she said, I could have got the beds I wanted. It's hard to escape the conclusion that either nobody bothered to look at my booking request until I turned up, or else that the hotel treats Expedia bookings as second class.The hotel itself was OK, though we were given no details of its facilities at check-in, and there was no directory in the room, so we had no idea what restaurants and bars were available and just ate all our meals elsewhere.Unlike some other reviewers, I thought the room was good and my bed was really excellent - my son was less impressed at having to spend 4 nights sleeping on what amounted to camp bed, though!All in all, this is a good hotel let down by the attitude of its staff who don't appear to have grasped the concept of customer service.	
Mar 18 2007 	A fine clean hotel in NYC	Overall, we had a good stay at the hotel. The lobby and rooms are not nothing special. However, the room (we were in a suite) was clean and spacious. There are limited amenities in the room (we had more shot glasses than drinking glasses and there was no coffee maker). The hotel staff were friendly enough but nothing special. The hotel is in a great location - we could easily walk to Times Square, Carnegie Hall, and the theatres.	
Mar 18 2007 	Overated	Stayed for 6 nights including Xmas 2006Staff pleasant , helpful &amp; friendlyExcellent location from which to explore NYCCartoons in the lift don't grab me as a useful hotel featurePoorly lit ,ordinary room (non Central Park facing) with cheap fittings - although clean requires refurbishment Noise from room next door was intrusiveReading lights for beds were a joke &amp; required replacement Could touch the walls of the toilet /bathroom if stood with arms outstretched Toilet door did not close properly - hotel attempted to repair but like the rest of the room was well wornDon't get the popularity of the Burger Joint - food OK at best with daily queues spilling out into the lobby Queues &amp; waiting times for Norma's meant we ate outside hotelPortions of the roof(great views) were closed off	
Mar 18 2007 	Not quite what it was	This is the fourth time I stay here primarily because of its excellent location. What concerns me is that the rooms seem to be slowly but inexorably deteriorating and the last one I was given on the 25th floor ($300) was definitely that of a 3* hotel. TV looked dated, bathroom was tiny and none of the toiletries was ever replaced. Also, some carpet stains and chipped furniture.Maybe it was bad luck, but overall it looked to me as if the Parker Merdien has seen better days and is living off past glories.Breakfast staff is ruder than ever and you are now asked to wait even if half the tables are empty (booked ? nobody showed up before I was finally given a table after 15 mins). Go to the Astro round the corner - better and more fun (and a LOT cheaper). Certainly not up to Meridien standards anymore.	
Mar 13 2007 	Just Okay...	First off, got a great rate through Priceline, so I can't complain too much. But, next time I come, I will definitely find somewhere else to stay. Too many choices in New York to stay here again.Service was excellent! The lady at the front desk was very helpful and polite, and there were more than enough people around to help with bags and such. Service is defintiely their strong point from my perspective.However, the room I had on the 19th floor was not a gem. It seemed much more like and old dorm room wiht a view modern touches than a hotel room. The woodwork and bathroom was very nice and looked updated, but otherwise the paint looked old and dingy, the carpet was in poor repair, and the beds were not very good. It seemed like they tried to toss a few new items into an otherwise old room and call it good. I was left thoroughly uninpressed.I moved to The Benjamin later in the trip and feel that it far surpassed the Le Parker.	
Mar 13 2007 	Parker Meridien was excellent	Whoever complains about getting attitute from the staff at the Parker Meridien is crazy. We were treated so kindly by the front desk clerk, doorman, concierge, etc that we really couldnt find anything wrong with the hotel. Our room was spacious, cozy, modern, comfortable and had a great view of the park and surrounding buildings. My husband even had flowers sent to our room beforehand and they were taken care of. One night we gave the conceirge 1.5 hours to find us a great sushi restaurant (and this was on a Saturday!) and they hooked us up with a great sushi place called Aja. My husband got a massage and said the massuese was wonderful too! I think my favorite part of the hotel were the funny Looney Tunes cartoons that played in the elevators. They were fun to watch and great ice-breakers for other elevator riders. But my most-favorite-favorite part of this hotel was the location......not in the middle of crazy Times Square....but it was in a charming area of NYC that's just south of central park, close to subway lines and close to awesome shopping. We couldnt have been happier with our stay if we had planned it. Thanks Parker Meridien for a great stay. You made my b-day perfect!	
Mar 11 2007 	Great Experience	I made a weekend reservation on Hotwire and received the Parker Meridien hotel. Upon check-in, the front desk clerk was very nice to me and did not display any negative attitude because I had a Hotwire reservation. I asked her about the possibility of an upgrade and was offered a suite for a reasonable surcharge. The suite was very roomy,with a king-size bedroom and a separate living room with sleeper sofa. Everything in the room was neat, clean, and in working order. The location of this hotel is great for attending events at Lincoln Center or the theatre district. The surrounding area has just about any kind of food you could want, from take-out places to sit-down restaurants in all price ranges. I've stayed at this hotel in the past and have never had a bad experience with them. I usually book using Priceline or Hotwire and am always very pleased when I receive this hotel.	
Mar 4 2007 	Very nice	Nice, clean, ultra modern. I made my reservation through Priceline and got a rate of $150 per night. Room was very very clean and quiet. NYTimes and The Economist delivered on Saturday morning (no paper on Sunday). Room comes with a tv (large) and a tape player and a dvd player as well as a game thing. There is no refrigerator and no coffee maker in the room which means room service, mini-bar, or go out. (Astro diner on 6th at 55th is close and reasonable for breakfast.)	
Mar 2 2007	Avoid At All Costs	After returning home from my annual &quot;girl's weekend&quot; in NYC, I couldn't get to my computer fast enough to write this review! We had the absolute WORST ever experience at this hotel!  Let's see, where can I begin?!?! Upon entering the hotel, the bellman hovered so close he was actually touching us until we could tip him. Then on to the check in desk where we were met by 'Carlos' who proceeded to argue with us regarding our reservations. Because we had called the hotel directly and made these reservations we were shocked by the fact that he said we had not reserved the appropriate room, that he had nothing to offer us unless we wanted to spend $100.00 more per night , and continued to argue when we wanted to hear other options. Finally, he told us he could offer us a king size bed with a roll-away and we accepted. (this was concluded with him throwing the keys at my friend).  We were shown to our room and found it hard to believe a roll-away was going to fit, but remained hopeful. Next, we went down for lunch at &quot;The Burger Joint&quot;, and , big surprise, both got upset stomachs. After recovering from lunch, we went out for some fun in town. We returned to the hotel around 12:00AM, and guess what...no roll -away in our room. We called the front desk, waited 30 minutes, called AGAIN and finally a bed was sent. Of course housekeeping had no idea how they were supposed to fit the bed in the room, so at 1:00AM we were rearranging the furniture. (Oh, did I forget to mention we were met by an overbearing doorman who demanded to see all of our room keys before letting us re-enter the hotel that night.) As exhaustede as we were, we felll into bed , knowing we had had enough of this hotel and wanted to seek rooms elsewhere for the rest of the weekend. But, for the grand finale, the next morning, not once but TWO times, our door was opened by people who had been given keys and told that this was their room! We packed up and decided to return to The New York Palace, where we usually stay (an excellent hotel!).  Not suprisingly, upon checkout, we were charged for the wrong room, including that room's mini bar, resturant and gift shop purchases! Fortunately we noticed and the error was corrected before we left; however , when we let the hotel management know how unhappy we had been, they basically said &quot;too bad&quot; and offered no compensation for their errors. All and all this 4 (hah!) star hotel was the pits!*one last detail...we were told the mini bar was on a 'motion sensor' and if we so much as touched it, we would be charged. What kind of rip off is that?!?	
Feb 28 2007	Good value - poor service	Rooms were quite small with small beds (ask for a king as queen is smaller than a standard double)Majority of staff were friendly and helpful, some were just plain rude!Great location though, close to shops, central park, lots of good restaurants. Rue 57 on the corner of 6th and 57th is fab for breakfast.	
Feb 23 2007 	thanks to trip advisor.......	This hotel was booked for me as I was a guest on a TV show. Once the reservation was made (4 nights) I went to Trip Advisor and started reading and researching the numerouse reviews. I sorted by lowest to best and noticed the heavy criticism from several years ago. I also noticed that some of the better reviews were from folks who had been upgraded. Here's the course I took.....I contacted the reservations department and told them I had read numerous reviews from this site, some glowing and some glaring, and I was hesitant as to what I could expect during my stay. I asked them to do everything in their power to ensure my stay was the best possible, including specifically asking for whatever upgrading they were able to do. They were responsive on every level. Our beds were comfortable, the suite to which we had been upgraded was larger than most NY studio apartments and accomodated all of us with ease. Bathroom was immaculate and spacious. All of the staff went overboard whenever I asked for anything. The location to the subway was truly unbeatable. The Thai restaurant literally next door was affordable and delicious. There was always a cab outside. My only complaint, and in this day and age it is relatively serious, is that the wired internet is not free ($16/day) and achingly slow.  Everything in NY is expensive and this hotel ($355/nt) is no exception. I'm sure I could have saved $80 or so at a different place but I'd certainly look at this hotel again after the service we received. Thanks to TripAdvisor.com!!	
Feb 20 2007 	Pretty hotel great location small rooms/beds	Great location in the heart of midtown next to Carnegie Hall and walking distance to a lot of main attractions. Beautiful lobby and workout facility. We had breakfast at Norma's and it was a nice vacation treat - even though it is pricey.One major complaint is the small rooms and beds! We had four people and were promised a room with &quot;two double beds&quot;. First we were givin a king bed room and the front desk told us even though we reserved two double beds, they couldn't always promise online reservation details. They ended up changing our room to a double bed room but much to our surprise the double beds are very small. I would say they are in between the size of a twin and a full size bed and are difficult to share. So just keep that in mind if you plan to have more than two people in a room. We made it work but it was tight.Overall the trip was great and I love NYC. If you are looking for a great dinner spot, Otto Pizzeria (a Mario Batali restaurant) was great and had a fun, young scene. We even spotted an A-list celeb there!	
Feb 20 2007	Fantastic!!!	We booked The LeMeridien Parker thru hotwire and got a great rate of $155 per night (extremely cheap for a 4 Star weekend rate). We went with very low expectations, but soon we're very satisfied.Our Air Canada flight was delayed, we ended up checking into the hotel at Midnight. We kindly asked the front desk clerk if we we're still able to get a room on a higher floor, she ended up upgrading us to the Tower club room for free (29th floor).Our room was large, modern, well thought out and every amenitie we could want. The housekeeping we're friendly and attentive. The entire experience at this hotel was great!!! The location was amazing, just far enough away from Time Square but close enough to everywhere else.Don't hesitate to stay at this hotel (especially for $155 a night :)Enjoy!Jason	
Feb 18 2007 	Strange Hotel	My sister and I stayed here for two nights the end of January. We got a decent rate and having two twin beds was a plus, but I wouldn't stay here again or recommend the hotel.First, as another reviewer said, the entrance of the hotel is really on 56th. We were dropped off on 57th and wandered through what seemed like an office buidling until we found the front desk. When we did leave through the front entrance the only time we ever saw a doorman was when we were checking out and he was running down the sidewalk to help someone else. Thus, there was never anyone there to help hail a cab, etc. I found that very strange for a NY city hotel. We were able to have breakfast at Norma's because I'd made reservations before we left for our trip. The food was good, but I couldn't rate it as one of the best breakfast spots I'd been to as the reviews suggested. Yes, it's expensive, but no more so than most NY spots.The room was clean and a decent size, but the walls were thin and the beds, as someone else mentioned, very uncomfortable. Room service was prompt and good although one morning about 30 minutes after breakfast was delivered there was a knock on the door and the attendant asked for the room service table. We weren't even finished with the meal!Bottom line the hotel just had a strange vibe to us. The lobby lacks any character, not to mention a sense of bustle and staff presence that you'd expect. Again, there's too many choices in NY to stay somewhere very mediocre like this hotel.	
Feb 16 2007 	Great Location	This has to be one of the best hotels for location in the price range. It's located between three of the subway lines meaning easy access to almost everyhwere.Rooms are great and well fitted out. Food in the hotel is pricey but excellent but it's surrounded by great local restaurants.A short walk to Central Park and the Upper Manhattan Shopping areas.The staff were excellent and very helpful, only complaint was the attitude of the doorman, always seemed to be an effort to answer any questions.Super clean and very secure in a great location. You will pay a premium but well worth it.	
Feb 6 2007 	nice hotel . . . but	Stayed at the hotel on February 3, 2007 for one night. We stayed in a king tower room on the 29th floor. The first problem is that we were told that the hotel was on 57th street when the entrance is really on 56th st. This resulted in stopping the car on 57th street, unloading luggage with no help and taking it down a long corrider to the 56th street side of the hotel. After that, check in was a breeze. The people at the front desk were very nice, very friendly and helpful.The room was neat but small. The bathroom was clean but small. There was a nice big T.V. right in front of the bed that had a dvd player attached to it, but it was in this awkward semi-circle contraption that swiveled amd took up a lot of space. We did not have a park view which was ok since the hotel is about 3 blocks from Central Park anyway. My biggest criticism of the room was the hard platform bed. It was not that comfortable and the way they tucked in the bed covers, you could not get them past your shoulders unless you were 5'. The TV was nice and we were able to watch two movies we brought with us from Blockbuster and thereby avoid paying the hotel fee for in room movies. I would say that that was the nicest feature of the room. There was only one chair near the desk that you could use to eat on, so eating in the room would have been limited to eating on the bed. We went to the two restaurants in the hotel, Burger Joint and Norma's. I had heard that both were rated highly, one for having the best burgers in the city, and the other for having the best breakfast. The burger joint was small and very fast foodish. There was not much variety on the chalkboard menu, just hamburgers or cheeseburgers with or without fries, with one size drink. It was kinda like that spoof that was on Saturday night Live years ago with Steve Martin and Dan Akroyd where the guy behind the counter kept saying &quot;Cheeseburger, cheeseburger&quot;. As far as the burger itself, it was no big deal, very ordinary I thought. If you have ever eaten the burgers at Jackson Hole, they are far superior. If you ask for everything on your burger, they put dijon mustard on the hamburger, which unless you like that kind of mustard kinda spoils it. The next morning, which was a Sunday, we went to Norma's for breakfast. The person at the front desk did us a big favor by telling us that we needed to call early that morning and make a reservation. When we got there, the place was packed and I heard the hostess tell someone it was a 3 hour wait if they did not have a reservation. Norma's is a very classy, very upscale restaurant. The food is very good, and cooked to order. Consequently you have quite a wait to get your food after placing your order. I did not like the coffee at all. It was way too strong and not flavorful. The fresh squeezed orange juice was good but tasted like it had been squeezed from some over ripe oranges. Norma's is very expensive. Breakfast for two came to almost $70.00, not including tip. So enjoy the food and the experience but be prepared to pay dearly for it.Overall, I liked the hotel. We got a great rate. I'm not sure I would stay again, primarily because I didn't really care for the bed.	
Feb 5 2007	Great service!	Had a wonderful stay at the Meridien! Clean, nice pool, and courteous staff. Don't go to Serendipity 3 restaurant-bad experience.	
Jan 16 2007 	OK but not worth the price	Nice hotel, modern design, very clean, all the amenities you would expect. But not worth the extra $$ compared to others in NY, such as the Westin Times Square or some of the W properties. Definitely less traffic / room turnover in the Meridien, which was a welcome change from the &quot;normal&quot; Marriott/Starwood quality. Only booked it because of the $199 web special. Note you do not earn Starwood points at this hotel - they don't participate.	
Jan 12 2007	no heat	booked 3 nights. was so cold i checked out the first morning. they made earnest effort to help, but did not work. sent a space heater and an extra blanket. in the morning a technician spent an hr or more servicing the radiator. no thanks. it was right after christmas. unseasonably warmt but not that warm. found another hotel out of town but put a huge damper on my plans. never again.	
Jan 2 2007	Great hotel great food onsite!	We had the best long weekend in New York City and the hotel was icing on the cake! We were able to check in two hours early, front desk was very nice and gave us a choice between two rooms on different floors stating pros and cons of each. We chose a higher floor even though she said it was smaller - we had virtually no street noise on floor 30something. The room was small but my husband and I are not big people so we had more than enough room to move around. Bed comfortable. Norma's does take reservations - great food and burger joint great!	
Jan 1 2007 	Great location but...	We recently spent 3 nites at the Parker Meridien just after Christmas for a mini-vacation. The location was fabulous, 2 blocks from Central Park, and steps away from great shopping on 57th St., 5th Ave, Madison Ave, etc. The room was nice, largish by New York standards.My biggest complaint is that the room was extremely HOT! It must have been 75 degrees the entire time. The thermastat in the room did not do anything, and we were told that during the winter the hotel only has heating. We were also told that the temperature is automatically set according to the outside temperature, and cannot be changed. It made it very difficult to get a good night sleep. I've stayed here during the summer, and don't remember having this problem.Don't stay here during the cold weather months, unless you like your room super heated!	
Dec 30 2006 	Fantastic Xmas experience	I have just returned after spending 5 nights at Le Parker Meridien over Christmas. I am a single male parent with 2 teenage boys and we all loved it. We stayed there 5 years ago and it is still our fav hotel in Manhattan. Service was great, loved the pool. Breakfast at Norma's a must. All I can say is thanks LPM.	
Dec 28 2006 	Fantastic Location	This hotel had a perfect location for our vacation. We wanted to go to Carmine's, Central Park and Lincoln Center so this gave us close stop for home base. Pros- Location, location, location. If you are looking for an uptown hotel this is a great place to stay. Would be perfect for 5th Ave shoppers or museum go-ers that like to walk the city. The lobby was beautiful and large for a NYC hotel. The bell staff and maids were all friendly and helpful. Little necessities shop in the lobby which is nice because I needed AM Advil. We stayed on the 14th floor and had no problems with noise from the street or other rooms. Some other reviewers said their rooms were messy or mildewed, but our room was very clean and the bathroom in very good order. Pool- nice, tiny pool on the roof, great view of Central Park. More of a novelty than anything else. Charge for using the internet, but cable and desk area made laptop use very easy. Wireless unavailable. Cons-We Pricelined our rooms because we think it is silly to pay more for a room than we have to. They could not have been ruder to us for booking via Priceline if they had spit on us at check-in. First, they couldn't &quot;find&quot; the reservation, then they could only find it for one night, not both. Only after proffering two print outs with confirmation numbers did they agree to check us in. They would not work with us at all on what type room, what floor room, what side of the hotel we wanted- anything. The lady checking us in must have said &quot;that would be possible if you had booked with us&quot; about 20 times in the 15 minute check in process. Honey, if you think you're too good for Priceline- don't work with them. Don't take the money then treat us like -- well, you know what. The room was small, but well organized except for the fact that it had no dresser. Sorry, but I don't like to look at my clothes and suitcase all weekend. No armoire, nothing. Just a closet with a curtain over it with half the closet floor taken up by the room safe. so you can't even stow your suitcase in there on a luggage rack. If you are an unpacker like I am, you will find this annoying. Don't eat in. Norma's was jammed packed both days with hours long wait time turning the lobby into Dr Norma's waiting room of the hungry and cranky. The connecting &quot;french&quot; restaurant had the rudest waitress in the world who served us an ok 90 dollar brunch of 2 hot chocolates, 2 iced teas, a burger, salad, eggs benedict and french toast that took almost an hour and a half to get served even though the restaurant had 4 other guests the entire time we were there. The manager seemed very nice, however, so I hope she gets fired soon so he doesn't loose all the rest of his customers. The &quot;burger&quot; joint was ok, but NYC must really not be a burger town for these to be considered anything but average. With so many great places to eat in NYC, don't waste your time eating in house unless you are injured.	
Dec 27 2006	great overall hotel; super locatoin	Booked this hotel a few days before our visit. Price was reasonable (for NYC) at $240 / night. Parking is $45 / day. Hotel room was ok size and modern style. The hotel staff was extrememly friendly and helpful. Burger joint inside was a great cheap lunch and the breakfast was to die for. On breakfast...wait is over 1 hour. They don't take reservations. Call the first thing when you wake up and they will take your name for a table.	
Dec 26 2006 	Great stay	Given the good rate we got on Priceline ($140), we were very happy with our stay. The room was sizeable for a NYC hotel room, and the location was fantastic. We especially enjoyed the great food available at the hotel - burger joint and Norma's. Despite the assurance that putting your name on the list at Norma's as a hotel guest will get you seated promptly, expect to wait a while anyway.	
Dec 19 2006 	very nice	My room was typical for the rest of the county, which means large for NYC. It was in good shape and quiet. I think the thermostat was off but eventually I got the temperature right. I really appreciated an early check in and bag storage after I checked out. The concierge gave me good advice on theater tickets and finding shopping outside Midtown. My only complaints were the $8 fee to use the internet in the business center and really slow service in their restaurant, Norma.	
Dec 11 2006 	Loved it	I'll make it short. Loved the hotel, the rooms the restaurants and the location. A bit costly but it's worth it.	
Dec 3 2006 	favorite hotel in NYC	We take a weekend trip to NYC every year, and have stayed at many different hotels. Le Parker Meridien is by far our favorite. The location is fantastic. Our room overlooked beautiful Central Park. The rooms were immaculate and wonderfully decorated. The service was outstanding. We will definitely be staying here again on our next trip. Oh, and have breakfast in the hotel if you can! It's delicious!	
Dec 3 2006 	Just OK!	Nice rooms and clean. Also great location beside Grand Central. However it is a very Big Hotel..almost impersonal. Gym is Ok - but not very big. Breakfast is also somewhat uncomfortable with waiters watching your plate constantly to see what you eat and whether you need to pay more! Staff could also be more helpful/genuine. I found some to be quite indifferent.A higher end hotel but overpriced for what you get!	
Nov 9 2006 	A good choice	We stayed here for a business trip and found it all in all very, considering the price and that this is mid-town NYC. All the nice touches - very comfortable bed, free NY times in the morning, but these things should be expected given the price. Beautiful pool is free for hotel guests. The only negatives are (1) that that the hotel could use some renovations. For those prices, the showers should not be showing wear and furnishings should be updated. (2) the staff at check-in/check-out could be friendlier. Skip the room service (overpriced and only so-so) and go for the burger joint. I also found Norma's to be overrated. All that being said, its a quality choice and an excellent location.	
Nov 2 2006	Who woulda thought? Home to one of the best burgers in NYC.	Said burgers can be found at the Burger Shack, the old school burger joint located next to the front desk.Worth every penny. Not that you have spend that many pennies to enjoy one of the best burgers in NYC.	
Oct 31 2006 	Great Stay	I stayed there one night for a business trip. It was a very nice short stay. I love the decore of the place. Very expensive, but worth the cash.	
Oct 26 2006	Love Le Parker Meridien	We loved the style and pretty much everything about Le Parker Meridien. The suites have beautiful modern décor, are very comfortable, and the location is especially good. It’s an easy walk to all of midtown. The subway is a half-block away.The rooms have nice bright task lighting, if you like to read, which I do. The television wall can be turned to the bedroom or to the sitting room area. The bathroom is very nice and spacious with lots of counter space, but doesn’t have a tub.The rooms have stocked refrigerators with sensors that automatically add charges to your bill. We used our refrigerator to store our own water, but it was an easy matter to have the charges removed.We had a very special breakfast at Norma’s in the Parker Meridien. The meal was fantastic, and the beautiful modern décor matched the rest of the hotel. The Hamburger Joint is also located off the lobby with good hamburgers and fries, and cheap prices by NYC standards. There is also a coffee/snack stand in the lobby.The staff was great.	
Oct 16 2006 	A top NYC choice for pet owners!	My wife and I stayed here for one night on a Saturday in early October 2006. Due to circumstances beyond our control, we were forced to bring our two dogs with us, one of which is over 150 lbs. We paid $229 and were upgraded to a tower, park view room, potentially because of my Gold status with Starwood. Room - very clean with a sleek, modern and colorful feel. That holds true for the ambience of the hotel in general. Food - we did not eat at any of the establishments (why bother in NYC?), but did order both late night and breakfast room service. The food was signficantly above-average for room service (especially breakfast).Staff - very businesslike, but quite friendly. Many took time out to greet our dogs.Location - 2 blocks from Central Park, which is a huge plus if you are traveling with your pets.Overall impression - For under $300/night in NYC during a busy season, you'd be hard-pressed to do better. I can't emphasize enough how great this hotel is if you have pets. There are no fees charged for pets and they have no weight limit.	
Oct 1 2006 	First Class stay	Stayed for 3 nights at the Meridein and found it hard to fault - room was well equipped, large enough (for Manhattan) and spotlessly clean. Staff were excellent and our requests were all met, i.e. a quiet room location away from elevators. Restaurants are all excellent but beware of Norma's for breakfast as it gets very busy and it is advisable to book! Yes for breakfast. Norma's is the trendiest breakfast place in New York - food is great. They even have a $1000 option which is a Lobster fratatta with 10oz of caviar! You'll be glad to know that the rest of the prices are normal.The hotel also has two other restaurants - we tried the French one for dinner one night and it was excellent. There is also a burger restaurant hidden behind a curtain in the lobby - we didn't try it but it always looked busy.Location is excellent - just blocks to 5th , the Park or Times Square.We would definitely go back.	
Sep 5 2006 	Great Memories	I wish all my other hotel stays were as good as my Parker Meridien experience. We travel alot for business and for pleasure and always read reviews on TripAdvisor in advance of our trips and found the comments about the Parker to be mixed and questionable, so we decided to check it out for ourselves--what a pleasent surprise to find out that the positive comments were right and the negative ones were wrong. Our room was lovely with a wonderful view and lots of space. The temperature was perfect throughout the entire stay. Our bathroom looked and felt clean. We tried Normas and loved it--to much food. The burgers were great and worth the 15 minute wait. The hotel is close to everything. We only had one problem with the TV, but engineering came within minutes only to show us that our son pulled the batteries out of the control.We will be back--try it for yourselves, don't just believe what you read.	
Aug 25 2006 	The old girl ain't what she used to be....	I stay here yearly on business. The hotel is OK but in a state of decline.The bathroom was in need of a refurb. Some mildew. The corners throughout the room could have done with a good dusting/vac. The temp of the room was hard to control. Windows always need a wash. Some towels were thin. The charging for the gym and internet now after so many years is petty. Ask for a room on the Starbucks side and you can use their wireless or there are some other open networks with in range. Staff was either great or ambivalent. Elevators are better then last year. No room service drama this trip but the rates seem higher. Line at the Burger Joint was long so I ate at Seppi's and the service was understaffed and overwhelmed. For the price point this hotel is now at you can do better in the neighbourhood. It is a shame the Drake and Plaza have closed. If you want something of a similar style try the Chambers down the street (although there are some issues there my coworkers have said). The Blakely is good (but not &quot;trendy&quot;). The Essex House and Pierre have changed hands. Avoid the Hemlsley Park Lane. If you big on points the Hilton is close and they allow you to double dip. There is supposedly a new hotel opening near Columbus Circle that I will try on my next trip as I really like this area. This hotel will do in a pinch if you don't buy into the hype and just need a place to crash.	
Aug 21 2006 	Far from being the best one	THE BREAKFAST is horrible !It was said to be the best in NYC, but from what I could see it's a shame to serve this kind of dishes. I received a pancake covered with a salty caramel sauce with peanuts and recovered with maple syrop and fruits, on the side, a cup of salty butter... originality ? Trust me that's an horrible dish ! The place was very, very &quot;snobish&quot; and the staff terrible...For the hotel, I like the design (flat TV and modern bedrooms, but very samll room) but staff people are unpleasant and not polite. The price was very high and really to high for the general quality !	
Aug 21 2006 	totally - do not stay here	We were booked for 3 nights at Le Parker Meridien, but left the morning after the first night. We arrived to find a so-so, tiny room with a horrible bathroom... there was plaster FALLING OFF the ceiling, which was also covered in black mold spots. The shower reeked of mold and the drain also didn't work correctly, so taking a shower was like swimming. We decided to deal with it for the night as we had an event to go to, but that night the bed was extremely uncomfortable and the temperature in the room was unbearable. So, first thing in the morning, I called down to ask for a different room. Her first reaction was not, &quot;oh I'm so sorry, can you explain?&quot; She said, &quot;why didn't you say something to us yestereday?&quot; She then haughtily told me that they would arrange for a new room and that we could leave our bags with a bellman until later, when they would get us a new room. She also lectured me for complaining about the AC and said that it's controlled by the entire building, not the room. BUT THERE IS A BRAND NEW DIGITAL THERMASTAT RIGHT ON THE ROOM WALL!!Well, with that attitude combined with the mold all over the bathroom, we decided to LEAVE. We got on the Internet, found another hotel (which actually cost us more), booked it and BOLTED.DO NOT STAY THERE... THEY ARE VERY, VERY RUDE AND WILL NOT ACCOMODATE YOU.	
Aug 16 2006 	Rubbish	Terrible place! Paper-thin walls, the whole hotel stank of fast food, the staff were obnoxious and crass. Really really unpleasant environment. I will never go back.	
Aug 8 2006	90% Great	It was really hot in NYC last week. My boyfriend and I decided to treat ourselves to a weekend at a hotel with a pool. We stayed in a Tower Room with a park view on the 29th floor. The room and bathroom are good size. The linens are great. Bathroom amenities are great. They are also very dog friendly...which I appreciate.Friday night we noticed the air conditioning was not working all that great. We asked for it to be looked at the next morning and it was. The engineer explained that it is just their system. There is one vent on the desk near the window providing air for the whole room. He offered to have a fan sent up. The fan did help considerably. The temp did make the room a bit uncomfortable at times and when we were paying almost $300/night to &quot;cool off&quot; from the week...in a city where we live...it was a bit disappointing.We did take advantage of the hotel roof deck and pool. The deck was not crowded, but the pool was rather crowded with families. The pool attendants explained that this is the norm during the weekend. It was still quite pleasant. The view from the deck is really one of those NYC sites you should take in at least once in your life. It was very nice up there.We checked the Hamburger joint behind the front desk on Saturday afternoon and were pleased to find it not crowded. We returned for Sunday dinner and had very little wait time. I thought the food was very good and very reasonably priced. We had 2 hamburgers, fries and a shake for under $20.The price of the internet is a little high ($16/day) and there is no wireless...but they were quick to provide an internet cable. It seems so old-school to have to bring those along these days. Everyone at the front desk was pleasant. The concierge was helpful and you can't beat the location and the view.	
Jul 29 2006 	All mouth and no trousers	I've been staying in hotels in NY for twenty five years, in everything from downtown flop-houses to the Intercontinental and usually I know pretty much what I'm going to get. This hotel promises much: the web-site is classy, the foyer is classy and the location is pretty good. The cartoons playing in the elevators are cute, but I suspect that they're only a device to get you to look into the security cameras that are located next to the monitors.The corridors are trendily dark, which conveniently masks the state of the carpets and walls - not very nice on my floor.Then we get to the room: if you want a view of anything other than another building, you need to make sure that you are well above the 22nd floor. The ludicrous revolving pillar that houses the huge, but dreadful quality TV (the web-site says 'stole 'em from Times Square' which sort of makes sense as the Times Square AV stores mostlly sell out of date, overpriced rubbish) and other entertainment items takes up a massive part of the room. Mine had a mess of cables and the cable TV termination box literally hanging out of the back. The heavily-alarmed 'don't use this as a fridge or even look at it funny if you don't want to be charged' mini-bar takes up even more space. Got clothes? Well, there's a shelf and some hangars behind a curtain and a couple of drawers over the other side of the room. If you want an actual fridge, housekeeping may be able to provide you with one for an extra $30. The bathroom was showing signs of neglect and the enormous circular mirror is rendered useless by the fact that it mists up at the slightest hint of steam - they'll sell you one for your own home at $300, though. In fact, in your room, you'll find a booklet that'll tell how much you can spend on bathrobes, towels, shot-glasses and other branded tat, but nothing that'll tell you how much a phone call from your room will cost. There's adequate desk space, although the (broken) Herman Miller chair in my room wouldn't fit under the desk unless I lowered it to a height that would suit a midget. If you want to use internet access in your room, prepare to shell out another $18 a day, or $8 if you go wireless in the foyer.Breakfast in is ridiculously expensive - Granola, egg and bacon, orange juice and coffee witll set you back around $40 - and not very good. Sadly, the Cosmic Cafe which would have been an easy alternative choice when it was at at Columbus Circle, has relocated to 888 8th Ave., a ten mnute walk away. (But still worth the walk - you can have much the same meal there for a quarter the price and the service is better.) There are a couple of local alternatives and two Starbucks within easy reach. The staff, when you can get their attention, are polite, but hardly welcoming. The maids were polite and the room was reasonbly clean, but as an experiment, I left a torn part of a luggage label on the floor of my room next to my bed. It stayed there for the entire ten days that I was in the hotel. I don't think vacuuming comes into the room-cleaning remit too much. One final thing - the room key-cards are twice the length of a credit card, so they stick out of your wallet and get bent in your pocket.On a positive note: the burger joint, hidden in the foyer next to the reception desk, is cramped, noisy and packed, but the burgers are pretty good. Be prepared to eat and run, or eat standing up at busy times. The pool is small, but nicely positioned and the gym is OK if that's your thing.If you can get a cheap deal, then the impersonal atmosphere of this place might go unremarked, but at rack rates, this is the hotel equivalent of a clip joint. It promises champagne but delivers ginger ale at a sky-high price.	
Jul 25 2006 	Abysmal attitude snotty service	Booked for 4 day visit to NYC with my preteen daughter. From beginning to end, never saw a single hotel employee smile. Wanted to use the pool; was told &quot;it was closed until further notice for ceiling repairs&quot; one night and when I asked them to let me know when it opened again, front desk frostily advised me to check back later. When I did check back next day, oops, &quot;our pool closes early on the weekends.&quot; When I asked if I could get a late checkout the next day so as to use the pool in the morning, again a very frosty tone and she says &quot;I really can't tell you that. You'll have to call in the morning but I wouldn't get your hopes up.&quot; !?! The minibar is deliberately set up so that you can NOT use it as a frig if you have restaurant leftovers...but there's a sign that says housekeeping will perhaps be able to store something for you...if there's room...for a FEE.The TV remote didn't work, the toilet ran, the TV checkout didn't work, the thermostat was broken.The concierge had good restaurant recos but, again, a very unpleasant attitude...she and all of them seemed very put out by my asking any questions at all.The doorman was regularly difficult to find.It's too bad, a lovely facility but the attitude was so truly condescending and unhelpful that I'll actively avoid it in the future. I've stayed at the Michelangelo, the Essex House, the Morgan and three different W Hotels in Manhattan...all terrific and any of which I wish I'd chosen this time instead and will steer everyone else toward in the future.	
Jul 23 2006 	Absolutely Not 4****!!!	The room furnishings were not what I think are attractive, a little IKEA ' ish looking. The platform bed and mattress were extremely uncomfortable. My husband and I got very little sleep, because we were sleeping on such a horrible mattress The Air Conditioner could not be lowered to my comfort level, I had set it on 65 degrees, but the room temp never got above 74. I asked maintance to come up and look at it, but it didn't help. It was very hot and humid, so when I was in my room I had hoped to get relief. I think I could have done much better at another hotel for the money I spent on a night here.	
Jul 15 2006	Hated the Le Parker Meridien	My wife, my daughter and I stayed for 5 nights at the Le Parker Meridien starting on July 7th. We found the hotel personel to be very cold and not very friendly. When we showed up the bell man acted like he was doing us a favor by helping us with our bags. The front desk staff wasn't outgoing or friendly when we checked in. One very surprising thing during our entire stay the bell staff outside never once asked if we needed directions or a taxi. This is very unusual for a 4 star hotel in NYC. Also the service and food in Norma's downstairs is very poor and highly over rated, cold eggs , cold bacon , and cold oatmeal. When we complained nobody cared. I spoke with the hotels GM and he didn't listen and only made excuses about how hard it was to run a 600 employee hotel. He didn't offer anything to make my stay better. I guess I should have stayed at the Four Season's. I highly suggest that you do not stay at this property, unless you like cold and unfriendly hotel personnel.	
Jul 11 2006	Great Location 	We very much enjoyed our 4-night stay at the Le Parker Meridien after the 4th of July. We didn't know anything about the facility before we used Hotwire to find a 4-star hotel in midtown. The location between 56th and 57th is great for just about everything. We found the staff very helpful, including all of the various concierges that we dealt with. Although busy, the hotel was not full and we were upgraded to a higher room with a somewhat better view (not high enough to see Central Park, though--that's reserved for the highpaying customers). The view from the rooftop pool and lounging area is really great and I strongly recommend your going up there with your camera. When leaving, we left our luggage with the bell staff without any problems. I lost one of the tickets and they were great in having me go up to the luggage room to find the pieces. The room was very nice--but don't even touch anything in the little courtesy fridge or you've bought it. The desk clerk warned us that everything inside the courtesy fridge is radio tagged and even touching the item triggers the purchase. Not knowing if it was true or not, we just took a total hands off approach. Anyway, as a couple of midwesterners on our 2nd trip to NYC, we can recommend the hotel (especially at a Hotwire price). Thanks. G&amp;M	
Jul 9 2006	Nou York Nou York	We stayed at the Le Parker Meridien in March 2004 - occupying a Junior Suite for 5 nights - there is some much to do in New York! This hotel is a stones throw from Central Park and handily there is a Starbucks Cafe across the road. There is a funky pool on the top floor (42nd floor? - dont look down!!) - although this is quite small its one of only a few in hotels in Manhatten.Didnt eat in the main restaurant - although the small burger joint (and I mean small!) hidden off the lobby is a lifesaver and is very well known by locals.The suite was pretty large for New York - although the decor was slightly outdated. The bathroom was the best bit - and you could have fitted 6 people in the walk in shower with ease...This Hotel was billed 4-5 stars. Having recently stayed in 5 Star luxury in Dubai I would say that the Le Parker Medidien is nowhere close to this league. However maybe I'm being harsh and compared to other hotels in New York it would probably rate in the top 10. This hotel was a tad expensive - would probably stay elsewhere when we next go.	
Jun 26 2006	Great 4* Hotel	Just returned from a rainy NYC weekend and highly enjoyed our stay at Le Parker. Got a great deal on the room from an online service. Our room was on the 36th floor facing 56th street. Unlike other postings, the room was very quiet, no noise from the street, which I have experienced before. The room was of adequate size for a nyc hotel, and was immaculate as was the bathroom. No problem with the tub, like others posted. The king bed was very comfortable with plush down pillows and feather bed. We enjoyed the roof top pool as well, the pool was a good size not olympic, but what do you expect from a pool in ny? Also liked the views from the surrounding outdoor area. We felt the service was excellent - the concierge was able to obtain last minute dinner reservations at 2 upscale restaurants, even landing great tables. We could not have been more pleased with our stay. We cannot comment on the hotel restaurants. There is a Starbucks across the street. Overall, Le Parker Meridien is what you would expect from a 4* hotel.	
Jun 26 2006	The Le Parker Meridien was great!	I was a little worried about what I was going to get after reading the reviews. I got the hotel through price line and paid $195 a night. Not bad for middle of the summer. It was great location. Easy walk to centeral park and times square. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We had a room on the 34th floor with a view of the city. The room was clean, modern and of average size. The bathroom was also clean, modern and of average size as well. I really loved the breakfast there and felt there was a lot of food, though it was expensive. I would stay there again.	
Jun 22 2006	Not the Plaza	Pleasant hotel but not 5* by my standards. I originally booked the Plaza but was informed a few weeks after booking that the Plaza was closing for refurbishment. The agent, Best at Travel offered the Waldorf or the Le Parker Meridien as alternatives. I wanted a pool for my 9yr old son so I opted for the Le Parker MMeridien as the Waldord doesn't have a pool.The agent assured me that this was a fabulous hotel &amp; certainly 5*. Personally I found the hotel reception area very nice but as soon as you stepped out of the lift onto the accomodation floors it was dark &amp; dreary. Our room was modern &amp; minimalistic which was fine but no view at all, just a dirty wall of a neighbouring skyscraper, very dark in the room. The roof top pool sounded great &amp; looked nice in the photo's but was quite insignificant when seen with your own eyes, however the view from the roof top was good. The location was quite good, you could walk to Central Park &amp; Time square quite easily. I would rate the hotel between 3* &amp; 4*, certainly no more. I felt ripped off to be honest as this hotel was the same price as the Plaza and I'm sure the Plaza would have been far more grand. My dream of staying at the Plaza on my once in a lifetime trip to NY was shattered really. I don't think the hotels are comparable for the same cost.	
Jun 20 2006	Don't go there !!!	We went to NYC for a week during christmas and have been really disapointed by the Parker.When you pay a room 750 $ by night you think that you're gonna find a clean and nice room, and finally it was quiet a nightmare, it looked like a cheap and dirty motel !The pool is awful and very small, the restaurant did not inspired us, but there's a good small burger behind the reception.Don't go to the breakfast, unless you want to lose a lot of money for nothing, it is outragously expensive, without any reasons, no buffet, and 10 $ for a double expresso !Go to the starbucks coffee right across the street, or simply go to another hotel...	
Jun 19 2006	Fantastic view	We stayed in this hotel for 1 night in May. We were immediately assigned a room on check-in at 12 noon and to our surprise, the room was on a high floor with a fabulous view of Central Park! Not bad considering we paid $175 a night thru Priceline!The room was of a good size by NYC standard with modern decor. The bathroom was very nice - unlike some other Trip advisor reviews - with nice amenities. The location is also handy to all the major tourist attractions like 5th Ave, Rockfeller Center and Broadway. All-in all, highly recommended.	
Jun 14 2006	Enjoyed My Stay	I stayed here for a week in 2003, and enjoyed my stay. The beds were very comfortable, and the room was very clean, and large. There is a desk with a nice computer chair for those that travel with their laptop; and a very large TV, with a DVD player. The elevators were slow, but that seems to be rather common in hotels. It took a moment to be noticed by the people at the desk to get checked in, but that was okay. The lobby was very pretty, and you can view it on their website. Back when I stayed there, the maids left Twizzlers on your pillow every day, which I enjoyed.The location is great. Only a couple blocks from Central Park, and only short walks to Rockafeller Center, MOMA, Carnegie Hall and Times Square. I only gave it three marks in the rating because while I did enjoy my stay, and I really couldn't think of anything negative, I couldn't think of anything extraordinary, either. Would I stay here again? Yes. The only reason I didn't was they were booked the last couple times I went back. Would I recommend this hotel; definitely.	
Jun 5 2006 	Uneven experience	The wide range of reviews of this hotel sums up the experience of staying here: some parts are fine, some parts are substandard. We found the service was perfectly adequate, and the room on first inspection seemed fair enough. But the bathroom was unacceptable for a hotel of this price: the bathtub surface was peeling away in large patches, and the water completely stopped in the middle of a shower late one evening and did not start again until the next morning.The hotel should improve its maintenance: corridors are very modern and trim; this effort should have been directed to the rooms themselves.	
Jun 2 2006 	Great stay at Le Parker Meridien	I stayed at the Parker Meridian for two weeknights in May and had a wonderful experience. I found all the staff helpful, pleasant and responsive - from the front desk and bellman to the concierge, housekeeping and coffee stand person. Great coffee and blueberry muffins at the coffee stand by the way - no need to run across the street to Starbucks! The rooms were modern and a good size, mine was quiet contrary to some other reviews - i guess we were facing a good side. The only thing I thought could use a little improvement is the bathrooms need updating, but I would totally stay here again. The rest of the room was sleek, clean and roomy. Great location. Would recommend it highly.	
Jun 1 2006	Another GREAT stay at Le Parker!!!!	This was the 2nd stay at Le Parker for me &amp; my girlfriend this Memorial Day weekend, once again the hotel staff did an excellent job!!! Our room was on the 40th floor, very clean!!! There was a basket of fruit waiting for us when we got to the room, I assume because we were former customers. The staff was helpful &amp; friendly and the swimming pool is great, we also loved the fact we could go from the pool right up to the rooftop to lay in the sun. We are planing to return to NYC for labor day weekend and once again will be staying at Le Parker Meridien!!!!!!!!!	
May 29 2006	Beware of Starwood PAR	The hotel was definitely a great value for the money. The room was clean, bathroom had all of the amentiies one could ask for (maybe a more traditional blow dryer would have been better in lieu of the old fashioned hotel wall dryers). There was no cord for the internet and no wireless access. Pretty much, every service issue was answered promptly and courteously.Now for the worst part. As a very Gold Starwood Preferred Guest one would expect when making reservations on the Starwood website that it would be participating with the SPG program. I go out of my way to stay at Starwood's for this very reason. They let you know this very quickly when you arrive. The front desk staff was very polite and somewhat apologetic about it. If you are a Starwood, then be a Starwood, They really should take it off the Starwood Web Site for reservations until they straighten this out. A nice stay left sort of a bad taste for this frequent guest.	
May 24 2006	Sleek Contemporary Comfort	My husband and I recently stayed at the Le Parker Meridien May 20-23, 2006 for our first wedding anniversary. Our first three nights in the city were spent at the Westin Times Square, so we had a base from which to establish our opinions.Though I had asked for an early check in, knowing that we were just switching hotels and wanted to drop off our luggage in the morning and leave to spend the day exploring the city, we had to check our bags with the bell stand to store them all day until we came back in the late afternoon. I was told a room was available at the time we checked in, but that she didn't recommend that floor, so we'd be better off waiting. So we did. Not that big of a deal, just an additional $10 in tips that we had to pay the bellman. Once in our room, we were really impressed. I was told we got upgraded to a suite, and the room definitely was bigger than expected. The living area with a couch and a window seat, as well as the table, desk and mini bar were separated from the sleeping area by a revolving entertainment center with a large flat screen TV, VCR and DVD player. So, you could turn it to face the bed or the living area. The room was very contemporary and sleek, a style that both my husband and I love. Both the sleeping area and living area had large windows that faced south at an apartment building and the GE building. Not a great view considering that I was initially told we'd have a Central Park view. But the larger room was worth giving up the view. The bed was very comfortable with triple sheeting around a fluffy duvet. I had trouble sleeping here though because the temperature was impossible to control in the room. Although there was a contemporary thermostat on the wall in each room, the A/C-heating units beneath the windows were very old school. In order to warm up the freezing room, we had to turn the thermostat down to 60 degrees. In order to cool off the room, we had to turn the temp UP. Unfortunately it took us a few days to figure this out, so sleeping was tough as the room was very warm and stuffy. It also seemed that the windows weren't sealed as well as the windows at the Westin Times Square. We were on the 31st floor here, and heard MUCH more street noise than when we were in Times Square. That seemed strange to me because the Parker Meridien is in a much more quiet neighborhood. I could also hear the people on the floor above us whenever they dropped something or flushed the toilet, which seemed to happen often. Because there was no fan speed control on the A/C, it was quiet enough to hear all of the little noises, which woke me up.The bathroom was very large with a huge counter, but only one sink. There was also plenty of room to place a bath tub, but instead there was only a stand-up walk-in shower with a glass wall that separates it from the toilet. This was a big disappointment to us as we wanted to soak our feet after a long day of walking all over the place. Also, the water temp seemed to change a lot without touching the faucet. The roof top pool and patio is a great amenity. The pool is enclosed, but the patio is open air, so if the weather is nice, it's a great spot to relax on one of the lounge chairs and get some sun or take in great views over Central Park. We ate at the Burger Joint in the lobby for lunch - what a rush! They don't do any advertising, and all of the buzz is circulated verbally. The business people that work nearby stand in line for 30 minutes just to get a burger and fries from this place. In fact, the day we ate there, the local news was doing a piece on how popular the place is. The burgers were definitely good, as were the fries, but I wouldn't wait 30 minutes in line for one. Luckily, we had a much shorter wait. Word of caution - its cash only. You have to know exactly what you want to order by the time you get up to the cash register or you'll get yelled at. We didn't eat at Norma's or Seppi's, so can't comment. I can say that Norma's had a HUGE line waiting to get in for Sunday brunch. If you're staying at the hotel, you can call down to put your name on the waiting list and they'll call you in your room when they have a table for you. There is an entrance on both 56th and 57th Streets, so easily accessibble. It's on the same block as Carnegie Hall, so streets are busy before and after show time. The hotel is only 3 blocks from Central Park, so a great starting off point to spend a day in the park without having to take the subway or a taxi. Overall, I'd stay here again when I come back to NYC. It's in a great location and the service we experienced was good. Bellman were always very attentive and polite.	
May 24 2006	WARNING - Strict Adherence to Cancellation Policy - No Exceptions	Had to cancel my reservation during the memorial Day weekend. Missed their deadline by 4 hours. No leeway, flexibility or consideration given for frequent business traveler - even got Starwood to call directly. Learned that the hotel is even overbooked, so they will collect the one night rate from me (cancellation penalty) AND collect full tariff from someone else for the same room on the same night.Terrible policy - and strict adherence only alienates potential clients.	
May 11 2006	Not worth the money!!!	Great location, but not worth the money. The service was pretty lackluster. The first conierge I encountered was friendly and helpful, but a woman we dealt with later that day was rude, condescending and seemed bothered by a request to assist with dinner reservations. There was no information in the room about the hotel's services or any of the attractions or restaurants in New York. I didn't even know that there was a restaurant (bestides the one in the lobby) or a bar in the hotel. There is not really any personality to this hotel. The lobby is very public and not very inviting. It was hard to get cabs outside. The room was small with very little storage (no dresser). The bathroom door would only open about halfway before it hit the toilet. Overall, I cannot understand why this is a four star hotel. It was average at best. You can definitely find better for the money!	
May 8 2006	Wonderful Weekend!	I took my husband away for a surprise birthday weekend at Le Parker Meridien and had a wonderful time. Instead of finding a dog sitter I packed the car with our bags and 2 greyhounds and headed for the city. Upon arrival we were greated by the valet (paid extra) and at the desk I was pleasantly told that they were upgrading us to a larger room where our dogs would be happier. Our room was clean and spacious, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was fabulous. The hotel was a perfect location for Broadway and Central Park, as well as getting a taxi or subway. We enjoyed restaurants like The Burger Joint (in Le Parker Meridien), Calle Ocho (81st and Brodway), and Sarabeth's (40 Central Park South). I highly recommend this hotel to anyone. . .especially if you are traveling with pets.	
May 1 2006	Wouldn't go back!	A warning! We just spent three nights at Le Parker Meridien on W 57th St. in NYC and we found the service terrible. The maid service was non-existant on one day, and the concierge service was terrible. The management was totally ineffectual and unapologetic.	
Apr 24 2006	Was pretty good for New York	My husband and I went there for our wedding anniversary for a weekend. We had a beautiful view of Central Park but found our room to be a little run down. Still, it was clean and the staff was very courteous and helpful. The 'Burger joint' placed was a little hyped up - the burgers were good but not 'the best ever'. The location was excellent for someone who wants to be shopping for their whole trip. We were within a 5-10 minute walk from Times square and broadway and right down the street from Bergdorf goodman. Next time we go to new york we wouldn't mind staying in this hotel again but wouldn't necessarily be loyal to it either if we found something in the same price bracket.	
Apr 23 2006	sub standard motel	Stay away from this sub standard excuse for a hotel, more like a motel. The reception Area looks great when you walk in but when you go up to the floors where the rooms are its very dark and would remind you off a prision landen(from the movies) The bath tubs are peeling and for the price they were charging!!! Staff are very unfriendly and must have been trained lke robots - I was moved into 3 different rooms because of the baths!!! I had to wait in the reception area for 4 hours after a long flight until the room was ready due to the maintenence people sticking some cover over where the bath tub was peeling!!	
Apr 19 2006	Love it!	Was very happy with the hotel. Room size was good and the $50 upgrade for the park view a must! The top floor pool a nice option and the full work out gym wonderful if staying more than one night...although you have to pay to use it. The only downside was the lack of a lounge/resturaunt for family dinner....wasn't impressed with the one they have. Norma's is a must for breakfast and the burger joint also a delight. I will definitely recommend this hotel to others.	
Apr 19 2006 	A Disappointment	I chose this hotel because of its Starwood affiliation and superb location in Manhattan. Try as the unhelpful staff might, they could do nothing to spoil the in-the-center-of-it-all location, but the front desk managed to convey the hotel's non-participation in the Starwood frequent guest program with an off-putting haughtiness that seemed instilled by employee training. The rudeness was that pervasive.The dreadful service continued -- almost immediately -- when I asked the concierge desk to arrange delivery of a surprise gift to my travel companion. One of the two concierges on duty at the time seemed distracted to begin with, though neither she nor her partner was tending to any business. She behaved as if she were overburdened by my simple request (the gift was wrapped and labeled with name and room number), actually sighed, then reluctantly took the package.The junior suite that I had booked was sleekly comfortable and spacious by Manhattan standards, but the noise in this 56th Street-facing room was constant, from the highly audible activity in the hotel's interior corridors to the intense whine of garbage trucks in the wee hours.On the first night of my stay, I answered an urgent knock to find two agitated security personnel at my door. They asked if they could come in, I allowed them entry, and they proceeded to my window, which I had cracked open for fresh air. They were quick to accuse me of throwing dirty laundry out of my room onto the street, and, because I hadn't, I calmly explained that they must have the wrong room. They looked at me skeptically then left with nary an apology.Upon checkout, the front desk clerk wisely did not ask me if I enjoyed my stay.I have stayed at every level of accommodation in Manhattan -- from the humble Milford Plaza to the mid-level Millenium Hilton to the luxe Four Seasons and St. Regis -- and I have always felt that I was getting was I was paying for. But my stay at this miserable hotel has changed that. I was very disappointed and cannot recommend it to anyone for any reason.	
Apr 17 2006	GREAT hotel!	I recently stayed at the Le Parker Meridien over Easter for two nights with my 14 year old daughter. We stayed in a Superior King Bedroom that we had booked for 200 dollars on their website. The staff, concierge and bellman were very friendly and helpful. The location was really great, and was only a few minutes walk to central park, times square, and 5th avenue. Our trip was mainly for shopping, and therefore my daughter loved that we were only about a block away from 5th avenue where stores such as Lacoste, Abercrombie, Gap, and H and M were! I was impressed with the room which was on the small side like all New York rooms, but still very nice and modern. We ate one night at the Burger Joint in the lobby of the hotel, hidden behind a brown curtain. It had AMAZING burgers for 6 $, and had many raving reviews by the Washington Post and New York Times on their walls. I highly, highly recommend this place for a quick burger and fries during the day or a late night snack. I can not wait until we vistit New York City again, and have the pleasure of staying at the Le Parker Meridien!	
Mar 29 2006 	Not as nice as the first time	I stayed here for 2 nights for a conference that was based in the hotel. I was upgraded to a suite at check-in, but once I went to the room, I found out it was a smoking room that stunk of stale smoke. The couch even had a cigarette burn in it! The bathroom was nice and big. Loved the swirling tv and the closet space! Pool area was nice, but overall the hotel looked some what run down from the first time that I stayed there 2 years ago.	
Mar 28 2006 	Starwood Members Don't be Fooled - Go elsewhere	Cpontrary to advertising done by Starwood this property refuses all Starwood gratitudes. It is a bummer because the hotel has a decent location now that the Essex House has left, but they will not honor any Starwood benefits, although the are aStarwood property. A truely bad place for frequent guests	
Mar 27 2006	Just OK	We stayed at the Le Meridien because of the location. That was about all we got out of the experience. In fairness, we aren't really into the contemporary decorating this hotel seemed to have in abundance. The staff was great from start to finish. I thought the lobby and the rooms were very cold with no comfortable places to sit and lounge. The room had nothing in it that said &quot;welcome&quot;. We didn't even have a phone book. We were hoping for more based on what we thought a four star hotel would offer. Do try Norma's and the Burger Joint. We loved both and would go back to either of them again. I doubt we will stay at this particular Le Meridien again.	
Mar 20 2006 	Not as good second time around	I stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks in March as I did in 2005 at the same time of year. I was impressed the first time around and still like and recommend the hotel as it has a good location and is generally a very good 4 star hotel. Two of the main reasons I like to stay at this hotel have now gone however as you now get charged $10 a time to use the gym and internet usage in the rooms is no longer free and costs $16 per 24 hour period. I know that free internet usage is not common in hotels but it was one of the main reasons I booked to stay at this hotel. We have a great room on the 39th floor (3911) which is larger than most and has an amazing, unobstructed view of the park. I definetly recommend asking for this room as it backs onto the stair well and subsequently there is no neighbour noise. It took some doing to get this room though as our first 4 nights were spent in a room on the 16th floor which although enormous was extremely noisy - I don't recommend room 1611 for those who value a decent, noise free sleep! I think I will try a new hotel in NY next time as I think the Meridien's standards have slipped.	
Mar 9 2006	Good hotel - nothing special though	We stayed here a few days ago for our first visit to New York and it was fine for a 4 star hotel - nothing special but again nothing too bad. The bed was uncomfortable - quite hard regardless of the matress topping - but a good size. The TV dominated the room, but the room size was again a good size and more than enough for 2 people. The bathroom looked a little worn but still was OK. Reception were very friendly and helpful - however we did have a problem where the a/c only blew out hot air and when we complained they just suggested we opened the window - to be honest once we'd turned the a/c off the room was fine - but the weather was below 0 so not sure how comfortable it would be in hotter weather.The best thing was the burger bar - very busy all nights but Sunday night - but well worth it - the burgers melt in your mouth!!!!	
Feb 15 2006	They could care less!	We visit NYC frequently. We tried the Parker based on good experiences at other Le Meridien hotels. The Parker is overpriced and undercommitted to its customers. The front desk was haughty; the manager was unavailable to repsond to our issues with a leaky shower in the bathroom. We have stayed at other less expensive NYC hotels which provide service Le Meridien apparently cannot conceive. Stay elsewhere; we will.	
Feb 14 2006	Loved our second visit - would not want to stay anywhere else in NY!	My husband and I got engaged in the hotel in 2003 and for our return trip I e mailed the team in advance and received a free room upgrade and they organised a bottle of wine to be waiting when we got there. Fab service up front - can you ask for more? The location is fabulous and afforded me a couple of bag drop offs while we were shopping and shoe changes for when we were sightseeing. What I love most about this place is the service is there if you need it, but not overbearing if you don't. I really like this hotel and would definitely recommend it to the more independent guest who does not need to be escorted about the hotel by a member of staff. The decor is modern and there is plenty of storage and it is all unfussy. We didn't try the secret burger place but we found the sign ....I just wish I had my third visit planned!	
Feb 7 2006	Superb Stay at Le Parker Meridien	We're both world travelers with many countries &amp; hotels under our belts. If we were to use one word to describe our stay it would be, &quot;Superb!&quot; We stayed in the Le Parker Meridien Feb 3-5, 2006. Hotel location absolutely cannot be beat for NYC. The staff were extremely courteous and professional. Check in was a breeze and we were upgraded to a better room, without asking! The room was comfortble, modern and streamlined. The bed was a dream; king-sized &amp; a feather-topped mattress pad that made it feel like sleeping on a cloud. Bathroom was a luxury - spacious and spotless. Never a wait for elevators. Concierge was so very helpful and restaurant recommendations were wonderful. Rooftop pool was a great oasis. No problem with check out or billing. We would definitely make Le Parker Meridien our first choice for future NYC stays! PICK LE PARKER, you won't be sorry!	
Jan 31 2006	What a cool hotel.	OK, Now i'm gonna be completely honest here.My girlfriend and I booked this hotel to arrive the 19th of Jan to leave on the 25th.I was going to rebook elsewhere having read the reviews online.But i thought I'd give it a go and I'm glad I did. The room we were first given was dark and was on the 7th floor, but we went straight down and upgraded to a park view room which they charged me $50 per night.They gave me the key first to have a look. And what a view(room 3517 35th floor) . We took it.The lobby is cool spacious and has a modern new york feel to it.The Lifts are EXTREMELY quick our ears popped on the way up. The concierge are very nice. The burgers in the burger bar are unbelievable. THe Breakfast at Normas is worth every penny. Try The Quesillada! breakfast will never be the same again. The location of this hotel is superb. I dont think there was anyhotel with a better location apart from the Jumirah, which is next to central park. The Swimming pool is amazing.Very warm.and a nice place to watch the sun go down. They have changed their policy on Internet which is why i'm knocking a point off. They now give you the cables to borrow free but the access is $16 from 3pm to 3pm next day. A bit of a con, and unfortunately there are'nt any unsecured wireless access points, from the 35th floor any way. Overall we thought this was a home from home.thoroughly reccomend it. Don't be put off by all this fluff on the site.	
Jan 20 2006 	Great Location	I stayed here for business in December and could hardly think of a better location in Midtown than this hotel. Just a short walk to Central Park, Times Square, and Rockefeller Center. One of the most amazing views I've had in any hotel: 40th floor overlooking Central Park! Staff was very friendly and helpful. Room was average for a high end hotel; it seemed as though they tried a little too hard to be &quot;hip&quot; and trendy. I would definitely try to stay here again next time I visit New York, whether for business or pleasure.	
Jan 19 2006	Pass Up This Hotel	I stayed at the Parker Meridien this past weekend, Sunday night the 15th of January. The room was nice and clean. The swiveling TV stand was a plus. A vcr and dvd in the room was nice, too. I paid extra for a Parkview room. The view was nice but underwhelming. The tall buildings in front of the hotel and closer to Central park impede on the view. Not really worth the extra money. My biggest complaint comes from when I checked out Monday. The clerk told me there was a 54 dollar minibar bill. I never, ever, use a minibar but I do look to see what they have in there. Found out that this one is on a sensor system and if you move the item around it counts as being used. I was quite annoyed and said someone should tell you at check in. They told me that housekeeping would inventory the minibar and they would either call or email me once that was done. Well it is Thursday evening the 19th and still no call or email or credit to my debit card. An alleged 4 star hotel should have better service than this. I will be disputing the charge straight away in the morning. I would use another hotel since New York has so many better offerings and if you want a parkview book the Essex House, it actually overlooks Central Park.	
Dec 20 2005 	Decent Midtown Hotel - Value For Money	Stayed at Le Parker Meridian for a week on business and thought everything was very good. My only quibble would be how slow the elevators are (at least they were during my stay) - however if you get a room in the top half of the hotel the elevators are much better.  After being checked in to a room that had dirty towels I was immediately moved to a larger room (almost twice the size of a standard) which was great. Standard rooms are not small.  Don't forget to venture up onto the roof for great views of Central Park...and the burger joint is great value for money and not to be missed. Breakfast is good (but expensive). Concierge very helpful. I genuinely believe that given New York prices that this hotel is value for money. As with most things in New York City you get what you pay for, and if you want a modern, clean and comfortable hotel that doesn't cost the earth then the Parker Meridian should be top of your list!	
Dec 19 2005	Great time in the city	I spent a great long weekend in NYC with a stay here. The staff were very helpful in pointing us in the right direction and giving us advice on the small outof the way places are town. i was very impressed with the hotel and look forward to staying here again.	
Dec 19 2005	C'est Magnifique!	My better half and I stayed at the LeParker Meridien during the busiest, most crowded hotel weekend of the year in NYC. We arrived early and even though we did not get the room, we were checked in and advised we were upgraded to a better view. Amid the apparent chaos of the lobby crowded with guests, the staff was friendly and expedient. When we checked into a room later that day it was a wonderful combination of elegance with modern style incorporated. The linens, the bed and the bathroom were A+. The view of the Central Park was A++. Upon departure, the concierge staff and the bell captain truly came through with sedan service that was superb and the luggage services that were prompt and on time. LeParker is LeMagnifique!	
Dec 4 2005 	Not my top choice for a New York Hotel	I am a frequent business traveler (two to three times per month), and I generally stay in four or five star business hotels while traveling in the US. I also frequently travel to New York, and am usually there at least six times per year. I always stay in midtown and I always choose hotels that are close to Central Park as I go running in the mornings. My &quot;usual&quot; hotel was overbooked, so I decided to give the Parker Meridien a try in late October 2005.I only stayed in my room one evening, and I have to say that my generally negative view of this hotel stems from the awful way I was handled during the reservations/check-in process. I found that the concierge staff was friendly enough and the room I had was a decent size with decent amenities.So my beef is this: I had originally booked the Parker Meridien for two nights. The evening before I was supposed to arrive, my plans changed and I tried to cancel my first night's stay. Since I was inside the hotel's cancellation period they indicated that I would forfeit the cost of the first night. When I was told this, I told the reservation agent that since I was arriving early the next day and given that I had to pay for the night's stay, that I wanted to have a room available to me immediately upon my arrival. This made total sense to me as I was paying for the room anyway. It also did not seem unusual to me as when I am traveling overnight to Europe I frequently pay for a room to guarantee check-in early in the morning.When I arrived at the hotel at about 11:30 am I was told there was no room available for me. I indicated to the person at the front desk (after explaining the situation) that I either wanted a room immediately or I wanted to have a credit for the previous night's charge. The front desk agent said that there policy would not allow it. After some back and forth, I was given a room within about 20 minutes. The staff was clearly put out, did not seem the least big apologetic, and the front desk clerk kept on shrugging his shoulders when I asked him to explain the logic of charging me for a room and then not letting me have it even AFTER I had confirmed the room being held for me with the reservation staff.My treatment and the management's response to this issue was less than satisfactory.	
Nov 14 2005	as usual tripadvisor is right on ... look at other options	We had a junior suite using AmEx Reward Points (not sure what the price would have been otherwise?) - a nicely sized two-room suite with a very comfortable bed and two sofas/seating benches. We were promised a park view upon booking but were told no junior suites had park views upon checking in (reviews on this website suggest otherwise). The furnishings were modern and clean but somehow seemed cheaply made. At first we were thrilled with the large walk-in shower space but the showerhead was tiny and the pressure pathetic - it was almost a laughable contrast. &quot;Free&quot; internet in the rooms was a lesson in marketing tactics. You must purchase a network cable if you did not bring your own. No wireless access is provided. Internet on the lobby machines - as another reviewer remarked - is deceptively expensive. No one suggested there was price until after we used it.The chardonnay in the refrigerator had gone way, way off (not necessarily the hotel's fault I realize - how are they to know?) There are no wine glasses in the room and upon requesting them they indicated there was a fee per glass.We checked our bags on the last day and waited over 35 minutes for them to be retrieved later on - nearly causing us to miss our flight. And finally, I left a valuable necklace (my fault I realize) in the room and realized it a number of hours after leaving. No one had checked into the room since that time but security mysteriously could not find it. Disappointing indeed.	
Nov 10 2005	This hotel has problems	Where do I start? Our friends and my wife and I booked two rooms on the 38th floor; great park views. Air conditioning was needed, but didn't work, even when they said they would fix it. One of the attempts to &quot;fix&quot; the A/C was to open the window and give us a fan! Nice try. Smallest bathroom I've seen since being on a cruise ship. No storage space to speak of for drawers; 2 deep drawers and 2 very skinny 3&quot; tall drawers in the armoire. No turn-down service; no robes (our friends got one robe, which inexplicably disappeared on the 3rd of 4 nights, not to be replaced). Soap, shampoo and conditioner removed from the tub, but not replaced. When I complain to get re-supplied, a plastic bag shows up with 4 of each plus lotion (sending a strange signal of &quot;fine, here's your stuff, stop whining&quot;). We wanted 4 wine glasses to celebrate an event, and the concierge said there would be a $1.50 per glass charge for delivering the glasses, and was that okay? We had no choice, so we paid $6.00 plus tip for 4 empty wine glasses. Business center attendant watched me sit in front of a computer and pick up some emails, and when I left, she asked how I would be paying for the charge? I said &quot;what charge?&quot;, and she pointed to a little card on her desk. $8.00 internet fee plus $.50/minute plus tax. $19.51 charged to my room! Asked the concierge for a recommendation for a pre-theater drink, and she suggested a place and wrote down the address. Go out and get a cab and give him the address, and he said &quot;we're already here&quot;. Sure enough, she had written down &quot;56th between 6th and 7th&quot;, the address of the Parker! TV was stuck on Ch. 3 and would not budge, so I couldn't even check out via the TV. View was great; all other aspects were amateurish at best. I'll never stay here again...our friends had many of the same issues, but one was the worst: they ordered a pot of coffee and a newspaper to be delivered Sunday at 5:00 a.m. prior to her running the NY Marathon. She had to leave at 5:30, and the coffee didn't show up until 5:45, with no paper. Paper shows up at 6:15 after the front desk person said &quot;you need to order a paper for Sunday, and there is a charge&quot;. My buddy said he DID order the paper, and go ahead and charge it.	
Oct 31 2005	great location not so good hotel with a cold corner'	The room was very cold and the heating did not work (apearently unkown to reception but.... see below... ). If we wanted a warmer room we had to pay more. But after several days they were somehow suddenly able to profide us with a heater. The maintenance guy told us the hotel has a cold corner/side and many guests were always complaining about it!!!! If you need to stay here be sure to ask for a room in the warm corner!Futhermore there was nowhere to put your cloths as there are no cupboards or whatsoever. Staff accept the maintenance guy where very unfriendly and even managed to LOOSE some essential medical equipment that had specifically been given into their care.	
Oct 26 2005	Service not up to par	My husband and I spent 4 nights at the Parker Meridien to celebrate our anniversary. I was very disappointed considering the price. The first room we were booked in had loud banging and a jackhammer sound all day until 4:30p.m. due to elevator construction on the service elevator, we thought, well not a problem really because we weren't going to be spending all that much time in our room during the day. Beginning at 5:00a.m. on Saturday we heard regular (about every 15 min) dull banging. Apparently the service elevator. Called the front desk and spoke to a very nice person who said &quot;No problem, call us when you are ready and we will move you to a new room&quot;. Called at 8:30 am, no one knew anything about the problem, it was not documented anywhere and apparently there were no spare rooms. Packed up all our stuff, stored our luggage all day, came back to hotel at 5:00 pm to get ready for theater, went to new room, it had not been cleaned! Finally did get a room just in time to get ready to leave for the theater. I would like to think that ours was an isolated problem, but each time we passed by the front desk we could hear other guests also having problems with rooms or reservations. The hotel it self is sparsley furnished but nice though much of the carpet borders on threadbare. All in all, not what you would expect of this caliber of a hotel.	
Oct 20 2005 	Big Splurge - Big Price - Totally worth it all.	You gotta splurge every once in awhile - especially in New York City. This hotel's location is unbeatable - central point - grab a cab when you've gone too far and get back to the hotel and start all over again. Even if you're feet are too tired by the end of the day, Central Park is just a couple of blocks for an evening stroll. We stayed in a jr. suite, well worth the money if you're there for more than a couple of days. Excellent bed - important plus when you're beat. Norma's was a ridiculous extravangance for breakfast - but a special treat nonetheless. When you're planning to stay in NY - I suggest you pay attention to location and the noise levels in other places - remember a nice room and comfortable bed doesn't matter if you're surrounded by noise all hours of the day. This hotel room was quiet at night and no noise from neighboring rooms. If you've got kids, I can't see this hotel being the best pick. It's for adults that love to be treated well and surrounded by class. I will stay there again. No doubt.	
Oct 18 2005	Lovely experience	Stayed for 4 nights in Oct 2005 and slept in the most comfortable bed I have ever experienced. Room on 20th floor very quiet except when trombone player practising early evening on Saturday, but that rather added to the atmosphere, as he was rather good. The hotel was ideally located near to Central Park, the shops and theatre land. Taxis always available and food, housekeeping and room service up to scratch, although long wait for breakfast at the weekend (booking advisable). Plan to stay there again next year.	
Oct 17 2005	We will never stay here again! :(	I just returned from a 4 night stay on a girls trip. We were so disapointed with Le Parker Meridian. Just a few points:Okay- the location was good. Close to the subway station...a Starbucks right across the street...not too big...VERY NICE Concierge named Brett (he had very good recomendations). We were upgraded to a Jr. Suite w/o asking(I think because they were not real busy when we checked in on a Wed.) but we were given a room right next to the elevator and they were working on it the ENTIRE time we were there! Sometimes at 7:30 in the morning! There were 3 of us in the room w/ a king size bed and a sleeper sofa. The sleeper was horrible!! So they brought us a feather bed for on top then after we were gone for the day and came back in something smelled!!! We couldn't figure it out!!! It was the feather bed!!! Gross! Don't get one! There was mold in the shower!!!! And a crack in the ceiling over our bed. It was raining quite a bit and we were worried that there was going to be a huge leak! When we were trying to leave we had a hard time trying to get a bell man to help us!!They kept getting distracted with others and then we were late getting a taxi and getting to the airport. We stayed at the Hilton New York last year and the Casa Blanca the year b4 that. They are much better choices!!!	
Oct 13 2005	Excellent Choice	My partner and I travlelled to New York from Newcastle Upon Tyne, UK during September 2005 to get married. We chose to stop at Le Parker Meridien Hotel after reviewing lots of hotels in New York via the internet. Le Parker Meridien ticked all the right boxes- good gym, swimming pool, modern, great location and spa facilities.We were not dispappinted at all.Prior to travelling to New York, I emailed the hotel directly to advise them that my partner and I would be getiing married in New York whilst and had asked for a free room upgrade (well if you do not ask you do not get). We were given a free room upgrade with fantastic views over Central Park.We used almost all facilities that the hotel had to offer- the swimming pool, on the 42nd floor, the gym which is spread over 2 floors in the basement and we even treat ourselves to the Spa facilities that the hotel offered which were very relaxing. We ate at Seppi's Norma's and The Burger joint and found the food tasty at all 3 places.Our room was nice and modern and the bed was so comfortable.The staff at the hotel were really nice too. My partner and I got married on The World Yacht but we did have a photogrpher and videographer meet us at the hotel and we have some fantastic photos taken in the hotel lobby which is very nice.We could not find one thing to complain about this hotel. I have read previous reviews and can honestly say people are taking a load of bull. As for the person who said that the elevators were slow (I think they are referring to a different hotel)- they go from the ground floor to the 42nd floor in less than 30 seconds- now that is fast!We enjoyed staying at this hotel so much and our time in New York that we have decided to stay at Le Parker Meriden when we travel back to New York next year to celebrate our wedding anniversary.If you are thinking about staying at this hotel then do it!	
Oct 10 2005	Comfortable Hotel in Great Location	I spent three nights at Parker Le Meridien in early October after &quot;winning&quot; the hotel with a Priceline bid. When I checked in, the desk clerk told me that I had been upgraded to the 25th floor. Floors 22 and above have their own bank of super fast elevators, so I was happy with the upgrade. Upon entering the room, I noticed that it was not the non-smoking room that I had requested, but I decided not to say anything because I could hardly smell the smoke. By night three, I was regretting that decision because the smoke stench from my neighbor's room was so strong that I was almost sick to my stomach. The room was medium sized, the bathroom quite small. The hotel offers a nice array of in-room entertainment options including large TV, VCR, DVD player, video game console, and webTV access. The king sized bed was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on. The overall decor of the room is IKEA-esque---a lot of wood tones and wooden touches (e.g. wooden slats decorating the lamp shades). It did not particularly appeal to me and it seems as if the hotel struggles with an identity crisis fluctuating between hip and luxurious. My other complaint with the room was the thin walls. I have never stayed at a hotel with such thin walls and could easily hear my neighbors. As for the location of the hotel, it's fantastic----around the corner from Carnegie Hall, two blocks from Central Park and Fifth Avenue. On a final note, the hotel does not seem to have an express check-out. When I travel, I'm accustomed to the hotel leaving a final invoice under the door on the last morning. Parker Le Meridien did not do this and I had to call the front desk to inquire about the check out procedure. It seemed odd that a business hotel would not have the most efficient check out procedure available.	
Oct 10 2005	We had a great time	Stayed here for a week in October and we had a lovely room overlooking the park. Was so nice to wake up each morning and look out to see what the weather was like and not look into another building as is much the case with Ny. Room was large and clean and housekeeping were great. Front desk helped with all the questions I had. Would recomend to friends.	
Oct 5 2005	Never again	For approx $400 per night we expected more. The reported fantastic view of Central Park from floor 36 was totally unexpected as it appeared as a small area of distant green trees surrounded and overpowered by high rise buildings with additional views of rooftop buildings either under construction or piled with refuse. We travel regularly and this is the only hotel with a bathroom so small that I could wash my feet in the bath and wash my hands in the washbasin whilst sitting on the toilet. However the bed was exceptionally comfortable.The pre arrival booking service help was great and the staff were friendly however whilst Seppis restaurant outside area was a haven for the smoker and it had tables reserved for those who favour tobacco we regularly had to place our order up to four times to get served and had the same problem in trying to get the bill.We will not be returning to Le Parker Meridien.	
Oct 2 2005	Parker meridien great service good value and pool in nyc	My wife and I took a gaggle (9 total) of teenage girls to celebrate our daughter's thirteenth birthday. Other friends had recommended the parker meridien. I felt that the serviece was very attentive and the junior suites were of a good size. The problems that occured to others are there and should be noted that they may or may not bother one depending on circumstance. We reserved by phone and were upgraded on arrival by asking. We were in the off season with no large groups. The physical plant is wearing, but hte rooms were redone and nice, but no privacy in the suites. All large hotels have bad, cheap rooms especially in this day and age of large groups and hotwire. Don't expect perfection when a large hotel has 200 passenger groups, or your rate is 50 percent off the rack rate. Every business knows its business better than the customer. In a forty story hotel, cheap rooms will be on very low floors. In NYC that means noise. I stayed at other luxury hotels in NYC. If you want excellent service and amenities you will always pay for it. The parker meridien has its pluses- great pool, location, the suites are nice for a family.	
Sep 28 2005	Disapointed!	We picked the Parker Meridien because it was so close to Carnegie Hall. What a mistake that was! Carpet was threadbare in a lot of spots and bathrooms were smaller than any I have ever seen. Slow elevators and poor baggage service. The view was decent but not worth the price. Breakfast was also way overpriced	
Sep 7 2005 	Stay here It's a GREAT hotel!	This hotel is very under rated in this site and it should be rated as one of the best in the NY city.This was my first experience in staying with Le Meridien brand, and I was in doubt after reading columns in this site. I really wasn't expecting much, but it was a fabulous stay!I stayed here from Aug 3rd to Aug 6th.Location was just perfect, close from central park and famous restaurants, such as Brooklyn Diner, Sarabeth Kitchen, and Carnegie Deli. Burger joint and Norma is located inside the hotel. It was also easy to get to the theater district by walking for about 5-10 min, and is not as hactic as Time Square area hotels. Nike town, 5th avenue was close, as well as Rockfellar center and NBC studio.Its got a cluby atmosphere with grandeur hotel entrance. Front desk staff were really courteous and nice. They also upgraded me to a larger room, which was really LARGE and fabulous.I stayed in many hotels in larger cities around the world (Seoul, Tokyo, Sanfrancisco, NY, DC, etc), and this was the largest room I ever slept in with a modern and comfortable bed and furnitures (especially in NY).I stayed in NY for an important meeting combined with family facation, and it was a nice place to sit down and prepare for a business meeting as well.No noise was heard from outside and I could really concentrate on a desk with a nice chair.Swimming pool personnel were polite and kind as well. I'm highly recommending this hotel for NY stay, and yes, I would definitely come back for another stay.	
Sep 4 2005	No better than average	Stayed here while watching the Thurs, Fri &amp; Sat US Open matches. While this is a &quot;nice&quot; hotel, I found it no better than average. There were some real plusses, however, those were:Gravity - the fitness center. One of the best available to hotel guests I've ever experienced! Bring your headphones for the elipitcal, treadmill, etc...and they have Cybex equipment.Close to Central Park for walksClose to Madison Ave/Fifth Ave shopsIn my opinion, the big draw for this hotel is location (you don't vacation to workout, although that was a big plus). Drawbacks:Concierge - not as informed as they should have been. My first time to US Open, and had read on line and the tennis mags, knew that I would have to transfer on the subway to get to Flushing Meadows - the concerige was rude acting as if I should know where to go. Give me a break, guys! My first time in New York, I know I COULD have made it there without you, but did you have to be so snotty about it? They also had absolutely no suggestions for restaurats - a first for me. Never, ever been to a hotel, anywhere, that the concierge had no opinion on dining - or preferred times for guests!elevators - they suck. slow, and at least one was down the entire time.housekeeping - first two nights, no new glasses!!!! Hey, we'd been out in the heat all day, needed water!!!! had to call for themlast night - they took our blankets with none returned!Norma's - breakfast is okay, but nothing spectacular. Yes, it's good, but I would much rather go down 57th street to the bagel place and get a #2 breakfast for $4.95 and fresh oj for $2.95 than pay $30.00 for eggs and $7.00 for oj. I will say the service was spectacular. The side cafe, Seppi's or something like that, had very attentive waiters. We only had drinks and appetizers there, but was very cozyWill I stay there again? Depends. I won't pay over $300 per night. If a rate under $300 is available, I'd probably do it.	
Aug 23 2005	Le Fantastique but Mucho Dinero	Le Parker Meridien is the epitome of an excellent city hotel. The rooms have been renovated with modern design and comfort in mind. The health club is one of the best in the city. The restaurants, especially the breakfast experience, is reknown throughout Gotham. However, prices have sky rocketted since I paid $195.00. If you can get this hotel at a good price and want to stay in Midtown, you cannot do better.	
Aug 18 2005	All front and no knickers	Visually spectacular, vast reception area, excellent position for sightseeing. Service fine although concierges need to swot up on infomation. twice sent on wild goose chase because of wrong info.The downside for me was the very simple fact that there was no tea/coffee making facilities. Everyone needs to make a cuppa on waking, and during the day. neither was there a fridge to keep any drinks we might have bought cold. The drinks cabinet was well stocked, but was pricey.This small but inportant detail, would prevent me from revisiting or recommending	
Aug 11 2005 	Spectacular	Great service, facilities, and location. What more can you ask for than a hotel that is clean, stylish, and fun? Our room had a spectacular view of Central Park and furnishings that were super comfy and looked really cool. I loved the Aeron chair and great work space (without clutter) and reliable hi-speed access.Norma's and the burger place were really fun and delicious too.I had a great work-out and though I did not use the pool next time I will.You will not find a better value or location in NYC!	
Aug 10 2005	Loved Le Parker Meridien	I have stayed at this hotel dozens of times over the past 7 years and have had only very positive experiences. The staff is very friendly and accomodating, location is wonderful. All of my friends from both this country and Europe stay there and love it.	
Jul 31 2005	Fab Hotel	MY friends and I decided to go to NYC on a whim and chose this hotel because it gave us the best price at the last minute. Like most hotels in the city the rooms and on the small side, but very nice none the less and the bathroom was the coolest part of the room. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Jul 21 2005	Horrible Horrible Horrible	Undoubtedly the most overrated hotel I've ever stayed at. 5 star prices, 1 star bathrooms and public spaces, 0 star service. Tiny rooms, tiny bathrooms, tired and dirty all in one location. If you are thinking about staying here, don't. If you have a reservation, cancel it. Service was incompetent, negligent and downright hostile. Management was too inept to accomodate for that. Not sure where the &quot;Soho attitude&quot; comes from, they work at a toilet.	
Jul 19 2005	Great rooms great position - but those lifts!	Had a great break in New York with two teenage kids who thought the hotel pretty cool. Rooms very spacious for NY and you can walk everywhere. Norma's (it is expensive - we ate there once only), gym (especially basketball court) and rooftop sundeck and pool all great hits. Downs are the interminable waits for the lifts - one was broken all the week we were there - nice apologetic note but no sign of it ever working - and the lack of a bar. Whatever happened to Jack's? Would stay there again however.	
Jul 14 2005	Overrated four star	You expect a lot of special touches from a four star hotel and here there were few. If you want a doorman to help you upon your arrival, enter from the 56th Street, well hidden entrance instead of the 57th St. entrance, otherwise you'll haul your bags through a sea of tourists in the long hall way until you finally come to the front desk. Expect to wait with 6 or seven other groups of people if you want a doorman to hail you a cab on 56th street in the rain, until you give up and go to the 57th street side and get one yourself. Expect to wait, and wait, and wait for an elevator if your room is on the 22nd floor or below. According to frequent business visitors we met while waiting, there is always one elevator out of service. On our first day one out of 3 elevators was in operation.On the positive side, the view from the pentouse pool is spectacular, the rooms are quiet, the beds comfortable and the location is great, especially if you like to walk or jog in Central Park, attend a performance at Lincoln Center or shop at Bergdorfs.But,the Ritz or Four Seasons this is not.	
Jul 13 2005	Unhelpful	Arrived at the hotel to register which was on 3rd floor for Queen Mary 2 passengers. Waited 20 mins for an elevator, our group was eventually taken in the service elevator in order to clear the lobby area. No chairs were available despite my husband being disabled. Next day the lift got stuck on the 6th floor for 25 mins until we were able to open doors and change to the second lift. I asked reception staff if they could confirm the time of transport the following morning back to the ship, no-one seemed to know anything about it and didn't want to find out. Before checking out we were told to leave cases outside the room for collection, on checking out we were told inside the room. After again waiting some time for an elevation, the maid was cleaning our room and refused to allow the cases back inside. After waiting for a phone call from housekeeping to clarify the situation, I took the cases to the lobby myself. I gave the room keys to reception and told them what had happened, again they were dis-interested. We had a wait of about two hours in the lobby area after returning our keys, again very limited seating was available and some people were obliged to sit on the floor. The last straw was having to ask a member of the cleaning staff to unlock the restrooms in the lobby with a door key. One lift was out of order and the other two were very slow, the hotel staff were totally unhelpful and unsympathetic. Only recommendation - the location.	
Jul 10 2005	Rooftop Makes This Special	This is really a unique hotel. On the plus side is the pool on the top floor, the sundecks with great views of Central Park, Normas for excellent (albeit expensive breakfasts), the Burger Joint (good, inexpensive burgers), and a phenominal health club. On the negative side was an uncomfortable sofa bed (yes, some people actually use these) and the concierges (2 of the 3 answers we got turned out to be wrong). I would still recommend this hotel.	
Jul 6 2005	The Parker Meridien: A Great Hotel	We stayed at the Parker Meridien Hotel for the Fourth of July weekend. It was one of the best times I've ever had in my life. The food at Norma's was delicious, but very expensive. The rooms were very modern and spacious. But the best part of the Meridien is by far the pool. There is a sunbathing deck on the roof, which is great if the weather is good. We had a lot of fun at the Meridien and especially at the pool.	
Jul 4 2005 	A great time....	Stayed at Le Parker Meridien for two nights and were not disappionted. The staff was very friendly and helfpul. Including the maid who cleaned our room after 3pm b/c we both kept coming back to the room at different times, thus not giving her an opportunity to clean it. Also including the man on the top floor who let us into the penthouse to take a peak at the view from the terrace there overlooking central park - and what a view it was - as my husband put it, there is nothing in the world like manhattan - and there really isn't, it takes your breath away from this vantage point (and we lived here for 10 years and never tire of it).The rooms were very spacious, clean, modern, trendy. Loved the mirror in the bathroom and the unique center that housed the tv. We thoroughly enjoyed the modern and swank decor. The bathrooms are not large, but this is nyc, you'll rarely get a large bathroom unless you book an outrageously priced suite, it's just the way it is, most buildings were not built with big bathrooms, so don't expect it. The lobby is spacious and unique and we loved the dark hallways with the glowing blue numbers, it felt very clubby. So if you want light family friendly areas, stay elsewhere. Lastly, eat breakfast at Norma's, it was outstanding. Pricey, $60 for two and that was just w/a juice and a coffee, but if you don't mind parting pennies, it's absolutely incredible and unique. I had the most amazing french toast w/a hot caramel sauce and spouse had some incredible mango crepes. To die for. We'd go back just to have breakfast here! If you like modern, suave decor with nice quiet (albeit low light hallways), then this place just might be the ticket for you. Oh, and it's also right next to some of the best shopping ever!	
Jun 20 2005	Best part was cheking out!	We are from S. Califorina and have only been to NY a couple of times so we were pleased to find the TripAdvisor. However, my wife thought it would be interesting to try Hotwire and only select the highest rated hotel possible. How could we go wrong? Big mistake! Le Parker Meridian was our surprise hotel and it was without a doubt one of the worst hotels we have ever experienced. Our terrific Hotwire rate of $302 was $302 too much. Mold on the bathroom ceiling, two out of three slow evevators working, hallway that looked like Disneyland's haunted mansion, carpet in the hall that was bumpy, up &amp; down elevator markers that were cut in the drywall and never finished, a view out of our 7th floor room that looked into the wall of some rusty tenement building, small room and smaller bathroom, a bellman that took us to our room and when I asked for ice he said, &quot;you can find it at the end of the hall&quot;, and never offered to get some. I would be happy to tip well and I aways do. The plus is that we were there only one night and our next night was at the Four Seasons. Thank God. By the way, most of the TripAdvisor reviews were very accurate on Le Parker Meridian but it was too late for me to cancell because once you book on Hotwire you cannot cancell or get a refund. I'll never use Hotwire again!	
May 31 2005	nice hotel great location	Spent three nights here last week; really, no complaints. Front desk staff were very pleasant and helpful. Room was very clean. View from rooftop pool was awesome. Burger Joint was definitely worth the wait on Friday afternoon. Location was great -- we walked just about everywhere.	
May 31 2005	One or two problems...	We have just returned from a three night stay at this hotel and thoroughly enjoyed it. There is just one gripe - no tea and coffee making facilities in the room.Otherwise the staff were friendly and helpful, the Italian bar and restaurant attached is also very good.We would go back.	
May 16 2005	I need coffee!!!	Let me preface this by saying that I am quite picky, travel a lot and I liked this hotel. I just have one beef with the various &quot;luxury&quot; hotels that I have stayed in lately (now that I can afford &quot;luxury&quot;, that is!!!).Why are there no coffee makers in the &quot;luxury&quot; hotel rooms??? We were just in a comparable &quot;luxury&quot; hotel in Miami a few weeks back and there was no coffee maker there either. C'mon now, even the Holiday Inn gives guests free coffee in the morning. I certainly don’t find it &quot;luxurious&quot; to pay $20 for a pot of room service coffee. I also don’t think it is &quot;luxurious&quot; to have to trudge down to one of the hotel restaurants just to get my morning fix of caffeine.The only other negative thing that I can say about this hotel is that you need to be careful with the minibar. There is some sort of weight system that calculates when something has been removed from the bar and charges you accordingly. My husband moved some things around in the minibar to make room for some bottled water that we had bought at the Duane Reade up the block. It was only later that he noticed the warning hanging on the minibar handle. He did not read it at first because it was hanging backwards. When we went to the desk, they told us that a beer was missing. So, we explained the situation and had it rectified.We paid $225 on a pay before you know where you are staying website. Since the room was so small, I would have felt short changed if I had paid the full price that they were asking on the hotel's website.Overall, it was clean, quiet and comfortable. Don’t know if I would stay here again. Maybe if they put a coffee maker in the room...	
May 13 2005	great location and facilities	We spent our six night stay in a junior suite which was spacious and decorated in a relaxing, modern, neutral style with plenty of storage space and excellent audio/visual arrangements and other facilities. Fabulous large shower area and spacious bathroom. Fantastically comfortable bed.The welcome from all hotel staff was very warm, efficient and helpful despite an obviously very busy reception and this level of service prevailed throughout our stay. Excellent doormen - always managed to get us a cab at speed.Sadly we experienced a rather disappointing attitude from the staff in the business centre, but we understand this facility was under separate management to that of the hotel itself.Delightful meal on the pavement terrace of the hotel's italian restaurant on the first night and absolutely wonderful breakfasts/brunches in Norma's, which is obviously a well-established, New Yorkers' brunch haunt! Pool, gym and massages amongst the best we have ever experinced in a city centre hotel. The pool is of a reasonable size for a serious swimmer and the gym is a proper fitness centre, not simply a &quot;fitness room&quot; afterthought, such as one typically finds in city centre hotels. My husband is a serious sportsman and swimmer and even he was impressed.All in all a first class base for a stay in New York. Not ultra luxurious by New York City standards but excellent all the same and superb value for money.	
May 10 2005 	Bring your internet cable!	This hotel is trying to be upscale, but totally misses the mark. Hallways are dark to disguise run-down carpeting. Too much money was spent on trying to make the room look hip/trendy (like the $700+ desk chairs), when they could have better upgraded the tiny &amp; old-fashioned bathrooms. There was mold all over my bathroom ceiling, partially due to the exhaust fan not working. I asked for USA Today &amp; was given NY Times instead (this is a small complaint, but all the little things add up!). Fitness club is run by third-party, so it was decent -- be sure to take your room key. Hotel staff was mostly luke-warm -- only one person actually tried to go out of his way to show me how to get to the gym which is not exactly intuitative. The $10 alarm clock is mounted to the nightstand to prevent theft, and does not allow you to turn it so you can easily see it from the bed -- extremely tacky for this level of a hotel!Finally the icing on the cake was how they proudly advertise everywhere that they provide free high-speed internet access, but it isn't wireless &amp; there is no cable to be found. They tell you you can buy one for $18 from the concierge (which is $10 at Radio Shack across the street) -- how tacky! I have never stayed in a hotel requiring you to buy a cable. Even the dumpy/chain hotels offer wireless &amp;/or cables for free! When I called mgmt about it, all I got was a return message saying they wanted to &quot;chat about it&quot; instead of them actually doing something about it (like leaving me a cable in my room to use during my stay). I understand charging folks when they take something from the room, but this was just so TACKY. I gave them every opportunity to wow me, and they felt all they owed me was a voicemail with no apologies or solutions.The one nice thing I have to say is that they have an umbrella in the rooms, which I thought was a nice touch.So, location was fine, staff was just ok, and total overall attitude was poor. Try another hotel that will be more accomodating, especially at this price level! Customer service is not their forte'!	
May 3 2005	Average Hotel in a Good Location	Just returned from Le Meridien. I stayed there simply for the location but will not be staying again...The hotel is souless, big and impersonal.The superior room was practical but had one of the smallest bathrooms I've seen in any hotel and the decor was modern / lifeless. For that amount of money, I am sure I can do better. Also Breakfast was very expensive. My advice if you are staying there is walk around the corner where you can have breakfast for 1/2 the price and even better quality.	
May 2 2005	Never stay here	The management of the hotel is terrible. Do not get confused as this is not a Le Meridien Hotel. I had a problem with the staff and called for the manager of the hotel. He acted unresponsive to my requests and rude. I do not think that this hotels deserves any positive comments, except for the location.	
Apr 25 2005	Valentine's Pad	I stayed here with my girlfriend as a Valentine's present and found the hotel to be excellent. The location is perfect for sightseeing and eating out the only downside to the whole trip was that Norma's was impossible to get into without a 40 minute wait. The suggestion by the in-room guide was to phone ahead and they would call you when a space was available but that resulted in an even longer wait! The reason this didn't spoil the trip was the many different places we ended up having meals that were really close to the hotel.	
Apr 20 2005	Merci! Le Parker Meridien	My family just returned from a four-night stay at Le Parker Meridien and found it to be lovely. I booked through Hotwire so I didn't know where we were staying until I had committed. Then, I read some reviews and was a little nervous about what some people had to say about the hotel. I was prepared for rude staff but experienced nothing of the sort. The check-in staff was professional and friendly. The room was very clean and comfortable (nice beds!) though not luxurious which is what I thought I'd get for that amount of $. Had no problem with the elevators. The pool is on the top floor which was neat, but even better is how you can walk out onto the roof and get a great, unobstructed view of the city and Central Park. The location couldn't be better. Ate at Norma's. Made a reservation and got in right away. It was pricey but good. This was a great stay.	
Apr 12 2005	Very impressed consistent quality with other Meridien locations.	We selected this hotel after staying at a Meridien on a previous vacation. Our expectations were met with this choice as well. The location, room and staff were exceptional. We were able to walk to many things, and easily catch a cab when needed.Having Central Park near by was also very good. We enjoyed the typical tourist ride in the carriage but also enjoyed the zoo and carousel within the park. Coming from the desert, the green of the park was very impressive when you were deep in the park and looked at all of the green.We even got rain 1 night which was nice for us.Looking forward to another vacation in another Meridien. It is just too bad this Meridien does not participate in the earning of points like other locations.	
Apr 10 2005	Great stay!	We've just returned from a great stay in New York. The only disappointing thing in the hotel was the view from our room. Disappointment was short lived - we left the net curtains closed, laughed about it and enjoyed the great views from the penthouse swimming pool. Found the staff helpful and polite. Loved both Norma's and the Burger Joint. Location is great. It was a very comfortable room to return to after busy days in the city. Very good value.	
Apr 2 2005	Fantastic Stay	Like many others using this site, we wondered what we had in store after reading many of the greatly contrasting reviews of Le parker Meridien and having flown home today after a fabulous week in NY we can safely say the hotel was perfect.Admitedly there was an initial mix up when we were given keys for a standard king room not the junior suite we had booked, but this was immediately rectified on return to reception. Now the standard king looked really nice but if you can, do opt for a suite if you are staying at the hotel for a bit longer, as the additional living area gives a much more at home feel and a chance to sprawl.Our bed was really comfortable, shower fantastic and the Syence toiletries so good I bought some to take home (never before been inclined to do so). As for air con/heating we seemed to be able to control ours and could open our window enough to let fresh air in if the room became too warm, a different experience to other guests judging by previous reviews. Breakfast at Norma's is a must even if it is only a one-off, it is expensive which is a shame as we drew the line at one visit! Having said that the portions are so plentiful not to mention exceptional that you will almost certainly be full until evening.Staff were all helpful and polite with no sense of snootiness that you sometimes get in like hotels, and we felt able to come and go as if the place were home for our days in NY. As for the lifts, my partner loved the Tom and Jerry cartoons, thankfully the lifts were so fast I wasn't sent to coventry for too long ! As for waiting for the lifts to arrive, I guess they could be a bit more speedy but not so that I would raise as a concern.Do use the pool and visit the top floor to take in the wonderful views of Central Park. Views only beaten by that of the revolving restaurant at the Mariott Marquiss on Times Square. Please don't be put off of staying here, we thought it was perfect and I would have every confidence that if things weren't right that there would be someone to help you fix whatever it is that was wrong !	
Mar 30 2005	Very Good Almost Great!	I was here for six nights and thoroughly enjoyed my stay! I loved the Tower Room and thought it was very spacious. My New York friend who visited me in the room, thought it was great, too! I wasn't crazy about the Lobby area. Particularly on the weekends when Norma's has a brunch that the city packs it in for. Not a very comfortable feeling for the hotel guests when the lobby is overwhelmed with people.Ask for a room with a View of Central Park! It's beautiful!	
Mar 30 2005	great hotel	We decided to get hitched in NYC so finding a top class hotel with a good restaurant/bar was paramount , as we had roughly 20 guests travelling over from Ireland with us.We weren't disappointed, some of us got free room upgrades to suites on arrival which kicked things off nicely.Rooms much more spacious than the average NYC hotel room with a killer plasma screen.Location couldn't be better, a minutes walk from 5th Ave., around the corner from Carnegie Hall.The staff were very obliging, the food at Seppi's was unbelievably good and the Burger Joint is worth a few trips, even if you only stay a couple of days.Before we went over, I saw many negative reviews which had me worried but having stayed there twice in the last month, I can't see where the complaints came from.Will definitely return, in fact I wouldn't go anywhere else from now on.	
Mar 28 2005	Go for a Junior Suite!	This hotel has two entrances -- one on 56th and another on 57th Street. It's almost right next door to Carnegie Hall. The atrium lobby is spacious, but has limited seating. Amazing, huge basement gym (called Gravity). Enclosed rooftop pool with astounding views of Central Park. Room decor is muted contemporary. My suite had a built-in window seat AND a sofa bed and chair, desk with a great office type chair. But the best part was a swivel wall unit that contained the media center (including a flat screened TV) -- it could be turned to face the bedroom or the living room, functing as a sort of room divider. The bathroom had a shower only -- but it was huge. Comfortable king bed, luggage storage closet and huge wall mirror. Great for business travelers and tourists alike. Norma's Restaurant (off the lobby, but breakfast and lunch only) is superb. Huge, but expensive portions. Breakfast for 3 with tip was $105. I'd stay here again in a minute.	
Mar 28 2005	Never again!	I totally agree with the last comments.My friend and I have just returned from a stay in the le parker meridien hotel and it was awful.The staff were unpleasant and at times rude and dismissive!The rooms were of an ok standard but not what we expected for the rates we paid.The prices for the most basic of services are highly inflated and may be ok for the buisness traveller but not for those on a pleasure trip.We requested a USA adaptor to use an electrical appliance and were told we had to buy it at a cost of $15!We bought one in a local store for $1.The hotel has no atmosphere and the staff spoiled it with their dismissive unhelpful attitude!I have e mailed customer services to make my comments.Needless to say I have had no response.We are planning to return to NY but certainly not to the Le Parker Meridien!	
Mar 26 2005 	REally quite good I thought	Having stayed at match box rooms in Schraeger hotels in the past (Royalton / Paramount), Le Parker Meridien is refreshing.The rooms are all largish with plenty of room to work on a big desk overlooking Central Park. The beds are large and comfortable, the big plasmas tvs are great, and the bathroom is stylish and funtional.Noras for breakfast downstairs is excellent if expensive.I enjoyed my two night stay here.	
Mar 22 2005 	Do yourself a favour and stay elsewhere	I generally prefer to stay at Le Meridien hotels when I am travelling and have had good experiences at most of their hotels. The exception is Le Parker Meridien in New York. The experience was bad from the start, the entrance is a shambles and the person who designed the lobby was obviously confused about creating a boutique atmosphere or a loft style apartment.The staff are adequate but will not go out of their way to make your stay more enjoyable. The elevators are a nightmare, allow yourself sufficient waiting time. The rooms are small and in an attempt to create a boutique atmposphere they have cluttered the room with fancy items that really serve no purpose.In short if you want a hotel with excellent customer service and comfortable, spacious rooms then avoid Le Parker Meridien at all costs. To those people at Le Meridien I strongly suggest you stop the people at Le Parker using your name, they will only serve to damage your reputation.	
Mar 20 2005 	Great Experience	After reading other reviews for Le Parker Meridien in NYC, I was ready to bail on my reservations, but my instincts led me to hang in and give the Meridien a fair shake. And what a great decision that was.My husband and I loved our experience. Our room was large and comfortable and decorated with contemporary good taste. The staff was polite, friendly and helpful and breakfast at Norma's..the restaurant located off the lobby...was incredible...for the first time, we ate twice in our hotel; something we normally do not do. Breakfast is the best, but don't miss the burgers from the Burger Joint..a small sports bar type grill just off the lobby. Amenities for business travelers are solidly in place as well as for pleasure travelers, and just for giggles, there's classic cartoons playing in the elevator.I'll be coming back alone on business as well any pleasure trips. I give the Meridien both thumbs up.Happy Campers...Louisville, Kentucky	
Mar 18 2005	Not bad but should be better	I stayed at the Le Meridien for my first trip to NYC on 12thApril. The lobby is quite cavernous, and a good introduction.I was upgraded to a junior suite - but without the park view.There was no tub, just a shower - I expected more from a suite!The bed however was very very comfortable, and the room wasquiet.The included breakfast didn't cover the whole menu, just a couple of set selections - when I looked disappointed whencappuccino was not on offer, they gave it to me for free - I'm grateful for that! The breakfast at Norma's was quite good,but variable, one morning my orange juice and coffee were topped up,the next morning I was left completely alone.The rooftop pool is good and heated, with a great view - but I didn't use it that much.All in all, not bad, but I expected more for $375!	
Mar 17 2005	Not as bad as people think	I got this hotel through hotwire, and then read the reviews here. Since it was my first time in NYC, I was very worried that this would ruin my experience. However, I had a very enjoyable experience at this hotel. Fortunately, I didn't have to go through any of the issues that other users have reviewed here. The room is nicely done, modern and chic. Flat screen TV, DVD player, new modern furniture. Glass shower stall that takes up half the bathroom. As my gf calls it, &quot;orgy shower&quot;. Front desk staff was VERY friendly and was among the few nice people I encountered in NYC. Though I booked from Hotwire, I was still upgraded to a larger room on a higher floor, one below the penthouse. Though there are only 3 elevators, it is actually very fast and gets you there in no time. If you feel that its too slow, watch the cartoons they show in the elevator. Only problem was the room temp. It was 30s outside, yet the room was too warm. They explained that they only had heat during the winter and no AC and offered to send somebody to open my windows. They did this within a matter of minutes. VERY speedy service. Nice rooms, courteous and speedy service, terrific breakfast at Norma's, I had a wonderful experience. Only complaint is that it could be slightly cheaper. Despite all the negative reviews, glad that things turned out well. Hope you will have a pleasant experience as well!!!	
Mar 8 2005	Great Location	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in Feb. 2005. I booked it on their site and it was $345 &amp; $365 for a Jr. suite. We had 2 different rooms as we had to leave for few days in between our trip to New York. The first suite was the best by far. It was 505sf and had 2 loveseats, one which pulled out to a sofa bed and 2 chairs with a desk. The shower was very large(no tub) as was the bathroom. This suite was on the 23rd floor and the view was of the city. We were told if we wanted a park view, we would have to move down to a smaller room, the bigger room for me was the way to go. The shower water pressure was the best for any hotel I have ever seen, this went for both suites. The second suite was so much smaller and had a tub/shower combo in the small bathroom. We were on the 26th floor for the smaller Jr. suite. The TV was large and could be turned for better viewing in each room. I thought the staff were great and the concierge got us sold out 700 Sundays tickets(of course for a higher price, but still cheaper than the brokers charged.) The hamburger palce is great and the we did not notice a smell ever. We ate at Normas for breakdast and thought it was over priced, but good food. The pool was nice on top of the building. The location of this hotel was my reason for staying here. Parking a car was $40 a day. The bed was very comfortable as were the sheets. The rooms are very modern and very clean. We had no problem at all with the elavator, I thought it was fast. The halls are dark, but quite. I would stay there again.	
Mar 1 2005	It's adequate for a very short stay	My husband and I do not normally stay at mega-hotels in NYC and avoid mid-town in general, but we had an impulse weekend stay to catch &quot;The Gates&quot; before it was brought down. The pros: (1) the location is great to walk to Central Park (do visit The Mysterious Bookshop two doors down, by the way); (2) I booked directly with the hotel via their website and got exactly what I requested - park-view, high floor. I didn't see any significant price-break via the discount websites and figured I might get a little bit better respect, so maybe it worked; (3) the room we stayed in was quiet with regard to not hearing anyone in the room next to us. I thought the bed was very comfortable; (4) lovely toiletries provided. (5) we didn't have a huge problem with the service (actually the staff was quite friendly and professional to us); yes, the lobby is chaotic, but this is a big hotel so you have to take that into consideration. The elevators do take time, but it wasn't a big deal to me. The cons: (1) small room, smaller bathroom. If you like ultra modern, this is for you; (2) no coffee/tea maker; (3) one can't control the temperature in the room! This was odd, considering there was an air/heat controller on the wall. I called downstairs and the front desk said the hotel controls the temperature and they would send someone to open the window if I wanted cooler air. I was sweltering, even though it was 30 degress outside; (4) no turndown service, no morning complimentary newspaper; (5) very expensive room service; avoid and eat at the local establishments, all within walking distance. I wasn't expecting great things, so it was ok for me.	
Feb 27 2005	Treated Poorly at the Le Parker Meridien	We booked a weekend stay at the Le Parker Meridien in NYC thru the web. We asked for one room with two people (although together, we have two different last names). As part of the deal, the cost for the stay was charged the day of the booking.When we got there, they had a different room booked for each of us with both of us staying in each room. I informed them this was incorrect. After some time, they sent us up to the room saying they would call us to determine if they could do anything for us (since it was pre-paid they said normally they would not refund any money).I asked that they at least release the one room in case someone else would book the room. They refused saying the hotel was 20% free. This was a suprise since the previous person in line was charged an additional 1/2 day's price because they checked out late. When they asked for consideration, they were told since the hotel was fully booked, they had to be charged.Well, I won't go into all the details (it was a lot of time talking to a number of people), but they basically said they could do nothing because among other things, we had different last names, the rooms were booked at different times (they were not), they were of two different types (implying they were entered separately - not by my request), etc.It all was very unpleasant particularly since all kept implying we were trying to pull something over on them. I know I wouldn't have asked for two separate rooms, what profit is there in that? I am convinced there is something wrong with their website especially when I discovered afterwords that they in fact only charged for one room when it was booked, not two.I would strongly recommend against staying at this hotel as they have no interest in making their guests feel valued.	
Feb 26 2005	Terrible Elevators	I have stayed at the Parker Meridien many times in the late 90's, but something terrible has happened since then. They decided to go 'trendy' but lost their charm along the way.Besides losing my reservation and threatening to charge me again (already prepaid 2 months earlier), they boast 'free high speed internet', however forget to tell you that you need the cable (who brings internet cables with them on a trip - especially when staying at a 4-5 star hotel) and proceed to charge you $17 for the cable. Granted it's still cheaper in the long run...but really now.The three elevators take appx. ten minutes to reach your floor or you have to wait 10-15 minutes in the lobby for an elevator to arrive (so plan your dinner reservations accordingly).The mini fridge was broken in the room, and I called down 5 times (twice to the hotel manager herself) and it was never fixed. Then upon reviewing my bill they charged my $40 daily for parking (di dnot have a car) and when I asked the front desk about this they said they 'assume' everybody has a car (in NYC??).There are many hotels in NYC, unfortunately the Meridien has downgraded to the the lower tier.	
Feb 23 2005	It was ok but not what I expected	I spent 4 days in NYC on Business and so really needed the Hotel/its employees to be on the ball. If you spend all day in meetings and working, the hotel should be like your home - Problem free.The room I was given was non-smoking twin when my company had booked a King suite. I was 1st told that no kings were avail so could I call reception in morning and I will be moved - was also told that when booking a room you can request but your not guaranteed to get it. I was suprised with this, as the booking was made through my company (very large US Blue chip) and we use them alot.However, after the 2nd night I was moved to a room that I booked. Generally, the staff were helpful but helpful enough. The hotel is ok....the rooms are more suited to business travelers - the fact that I could plug my laptop in and get free fast internet access was GREAT.Rooms with Park views are better than City views. The lobby is constantly busy, with guest for private functions etc. you get a great large TV, DVD player, video player and cordless phones. Plus instead of the common hotel chocs, you get twisters!!!! Bathroom was ok - with all that you expect - nothing special or extra to report.The hotel has a gift shop/cafe that sell coffe/tea/cakes etc and there is a fast food joint behind some large drapes (curtains) next to check -in. The burger joint serves straight forward burgers and fries - no fancy gimicks or packaging and can get busy. I noted a couple of times ppl were lined and waiting to go in - it closes at 11pm.Location is great.....close to our NY Office, Central Park, 24hr chemists, nice eateries, FOA Schwabs, time square about 10 min walk.Overall - it good but not great I expected alot more but was disappointed.	
Feb 21 2005	Less than great	Was in town for one night for the Christo and Jeanne Claude &quot;gates&quot; in Central Park and booked a tower park view with breakfast and late check out for $355. Ended up getting upgraded to corner suite and the views of the park are great. The public spaces are nice but the lobby smells like a grease trap as 3 restaurants are located off it. You have to line up everywhere here, at the desk, the concierge, the elevators, the restaurant. Also, staff don't really seem to know what is going on....had to ask 3 times to get our breakfast coupons (I don't see why they can't just credit your room for breakfast), had a late check out but still got a form letter under the door in the morning saying we had to leave at 12pm. Also each had a full breakfast of juice, tea and pancakes for me and eggs and sausage for her and despite having breakfast included got charged an extra 8$ for whatever reason. Found this out on check out and at this point would rather pay the $8 and get out than argue it. The comments about elevators are true......sometimes we had to wait forever. Great location but not a hotel to come home to.......on par with giant conference hotels catering to bulk tourists.	
Feb 20 2005	Le Parker Meridien -- Not for Everyone (Including Me)	My daughter and I just returned from a weekend at Le Parker Meridien, and I felt compelled to share my thoughts on the place. (Overall, the reviews of this hotel on this website are pretty accurate.) 1. The room. We had a room with two twin beds. The good things about the room were that we had a wonderful park view; the amenities such as soaps, Twizzlers rather than mints, etc. were quite nice; and it had a &quot;Jetsons-type&quot; feel to it (very modern). The bad things were that it was probably the smallest room I've ever stayed in (think cruise ship); we could hear the conversations of the people in the next room (glad they weren't partiers, or particularly amorous); the safe and a bedside lamp were broken; and you can't regulate the heat, so it was uncomfortably warm. Also, I was assured by the reservations agent that I would have late check out at 3:00, but was instead given 1:00 since it wasn't noted on my reservation. On the other hand this hotel is priced considerably less than the Four Seasons, St. Regis, Peninsula, etc., but equivalent to, for example, the Sofitel (which I've read good things about, but haven't tried). We paid $325, with breakfast included (as noted elsewhere on this site, the breakfast coupon entitles you to a limited, yet adequate, selection at Norma's). 2. The facility. The lobby is very nondescript, and appears to be a rehabbed office building (for example, the corridor between 56th and 57th streets is separated by what appears to be kitchen doors). For some reason the business center is closed on Sundays, and when I asked the conceirge if she could print out boarding passes for our flights, I was informed it would be $10 per boarding pass!!! The conceirge also told me that a store my daughter was interested in visting didn't exist in New York (I tracked it down myself -- there are two of them, actually). The elevators are quite slow, and there were sometimes lengthy lines waiting for them. We didn't get a chance to use the pool or the health club, so I can't speak to those elements of the place.3. The food. Norma's is fantastic, and it's almost worth staying here since you can make breakfast reservations (the lobby was packed both days with people from other hotels who were waiting endlessly for a table). It really is a remarkable restaurant. Room service (from Norma's) was also quite excellent. The Burger Restaurant had great food, but it was filthy (rather like a small college pub, no windows, with food and napkins, etc. littering the floor).I contemplated not writing this review, but when the concierge tried to charge me $10 for printing out a sheet of paper ($20, actually, since I needed two boarding passes) that put me over the top. I think this review is a pretty accurate reflection of the hotel, but maybe we were just unfortunate enough to have picked a weekend when it was completely full. We won't be staying here again (unless just overnight so that I can get a table at Norma's!).	
Feb 20 2005	First class hotel.	Simply nothing bad can be posted regarding my experiences of this hotel. From check in to check out evrything was handled with the utmost professionalism and reserved, but informative, decorum you would expect of such an establishment. The rooms are superb (we were given a free upgrade to a park view room), the furnishings being immaculately clean and very comfortable, and the various amenities on offer are excellent. The burger joint provides simply delectable burgers, the pool and gym are superb, and the rooftop viewing area affords beautiful vistas of the park and uptown manhattan. Any problems we did have (extra pillows, T.V movie poorly received) were dealt with quickly and efficiently and the general level of staff, of which there were a lot, was informed and courteous. I would recommend highly a stay in this hotel if our expereince of it is anything to go by; a wonderful choice!!	
Feb 20 2005 	Disappointing and dull	The only thing I enjoyed about this hotel were the cartoons on the tv in the lift! The hotel itself lacks one major asset... windows. The rooms are more like offices with beds; all the furnishings are beechwood (think clear varnish / lacquer finish) with black metal frames. The tv is very large (34' I think), but in an average sized room it's over powering as it's positioned right at the end of your bed which can't be more than 6 or 7 feet away. Check-in was fine; the location of the hotel is also pretty good. It's very close to Carnagie Hall, Central Park and it's right next to plenty decent eateries located on 7th avenue. It's major downside as I mentioned before are it's lack of windows, there are basically none and the window in your room (unless you're in the presidential suite) looks straight onto a grey brick wall that's 4 feet away. Unless your company is paying and you couldn't care less where you stay, don't book it. Plenty of other expensive hotels in the area that allow natural light into their building!	
Feb 13 2005	Never again	I should have heeded the negative reviews I saw on tripadivsor but we had already booked our non-refundable room. We got a Jr. Suite on the 23rd floor. Interior nothing special. Our greatest dissatisfaction came from the performance of the shower and the attitude of the management. The minimalist shower seemed to permit water to flow uphill, flooding the bathroom floor. We were staying for two nights, we did not want to spend time moving to another room, we simply wanted some token reduction in rate and acknowledgement that the problem was real. Manager said the chief engineer checked the shower and there was no problem. They would move us to another room but offer no rate reduction. Not worth the time to move. Just to be sure, I took another shower and again the bathroom flooded. Never again will we stay here. Too many other superior choices, many at less cost! 	
Feb 8 2005	don't believe the bad reviews	just spent a night at the parker meridien with several girlfriends for a fun girls weekend in NYC - the Hotel was great! They allowed us to check in early, we rec'd a free room upgrade and they catered to our every whim. Rooms were clean and modern and room service was quick and yummy. Great gym, great pool! The location of this hotel is unbelievable - right in the heart of midtown short walk to central park - 5th ave shopping, and times square. Check out the burger joint in the lobby - the best burgers in the city! I grew up right outside of NYC and have stayed at many hotels - for the price and location this is one of the best!	
Feb 8 2005	large rooms a great find	Rooms are priced reasonably for the size and quality. Staff pleasant, location amazing. Great gym. Breakfast at Norma's is an absolute MUST. I go everytime I am in the city. Have the concierge put your name in before you head down because there is always a wait. I recommend this hotel to everyone I know that is travelling to NYC. Great all around hotel. A real find!	
Jan 22 2005	Appalling service	We loved Manhattan but felt that for the full price we were paying for the room it was extortionate and the service poor. We felt like a number rather than a valued guest. Complaints fell on deaf ears.	
Jan 20 2005	Wasnt sure what to expect!	Having read some of the previous reviews for this hotel I was very sceptical about staying here, more so because it was my first ever trip outside Europe.I was so impressed! the Hotel staff were great and did everything that was asked of them with speed and politeness. Our room was also pretty great. The bed was not at all lumpy - it was in fact the most comfortable hotel beds i've ever slept in! With a DVD &amp; VHS player in our room as well as an N64 Console I couldnt be anything but impressed. Norma's for my birthday breakfast was fantastic and the Topaz Thai Resturant located almost next door had some of the best Thai we've ever had. We will definately be going again and I wouldnt hesitate to reccommend this hotel to anyone. Great Hotel, great location!	
Jan 18 2005	Better than expected	I read recent reviews of this hotel and was somewhat hesitant after booking it through Hotwire. The hotel was very nice. The location was great and there was plenty of good food in the hotel or nearby. Norma's had a long wait, but they took reservations from hotel guests only, which was nice. The platform bed was comfy enough with the down mattress topper. If you don't like firm beds, then it wouldn't be for you. The room was clean with only one spot of notice on the carpet. I really liked the unscented bath products. The room was very quiet and we didn't have much road noise with the window open. The staff was very friendly and allowed us to check in early. They offered complimentary umbrellas which helped greatly. They also gave us an informational sheet upon check-in which had many tips for our hotel stay and sight seeing. The concierge gave us a tip that a cab would be just a little more than a shuttle back to the airport, and it was double the price. I could tell a huge difference between this and the 3-star hotel we stayed in the previous night and I would stay here again with no problem.	
Jan 10 2005	Great New Year	I booked this hotel via the internet from the UK in March '04 getting what seemed a great deal for a 4 star hotel overlooking Central Park. When I read some of the reviews I started to get a little worried but all my fears dissapeared when we checked in. I was in NY with my wife, 2 children and one of their friends and had booked a double and triple rooms. When checking in, the desk clerk saw that the children were in fact young women in their early 20's and she immediately upgraded their room to a mini suite at no extra cost saying they would find it more comfortable and personaly went to check that our rooms were clean and ready for us. Unheard of here in the UK. Both our rooms were spotless, the duty manager came to check that we were happy and on the one occasion we needed extra towels, they duly arrived.Our new years eve was celebrated in a great atmosphere in the hotel restaraunt Seppias and at 11.30 we were able to walk 50 yards to 7 th avenue and join the crowds looking towards Times Square - wonderful.My only real negative is that the Hotel could do with a lounge bar.We would definately stay here again.	
Jan 7 2005	What were you expecting?	I was at the hotel during the &quot;crunch&quot; holiday time, like almost half the world it seems. Not only was the hotel jumping but the entire city was! I waited everywhere, from stores to cabs, to get attention. I found the Meridien to be very attentive and moving quickly to assist me. Please don't tell me all the other reviewers didn't catch on to this. It's holiday season in New York!! From check in until check out, I enjoyed my stay thoroughly. I learned my lesson from booking online, as they take a BIG chunk of the money I am paying, expecting the best like everyone else, and book me in the smallest room. I end up losing so I book myself directly with the hotel. I have not regretted this since.I booked myself a Junior Suite at a special rate and was upgraded to a high floor. The agent checking me in was great fun and really took the time to make me feel welcome. The bellman had the bags up in a hurry and we were ready to just unwind. The room is quite large, great design, a comfortable bed, and a great television center (complete with DVD, VCR, and Nitendo for the kids). The elevator was a little slow but a little patience and it soon arrived. The pool is unbelievable! Where else can you swim and take a look at Central Park? The gym is out of this world, with everything you could want, not just a treadmill and nautilus like most places. Then there's the restuarants: Norma's is unbelievable. There is a wait, but I called down as suggested and came down when they said. The food is mostly breakfast and something you won't find anywhere else. The burger joint is just that, a joint. I was speaking to the guy behind the counter and he told me that they wanted it to look just like that (doesn't fit the rest of the hotels design, but after chatting, I got it). The burgers are great and cheap!Looking at the previous reviews, I find it hard to believe we were in the same place. I would certainly recommend this place to my friends and family.	
Jan 5 2005	Christmas visit	Our stay was a gift for Christmas with the giftgiver in another room--both rooms were impeccable and large. The pool was great the first day--nice and warm but the heater must've been off for Christmas--temps dipped 10 degrees Christmas eve and day. Views spectacular from atrium pool and our rooms overlooking the park--fabulous restaurant recommendation from the concierge, breakfast at Nora's (their restaurant) was luxurious and delicious (albeit pricey). We had our 3 &amp; 5 year old who were warmly welcomed and enjoyed the premises thoroughly! Would definitley go again--PS- bring your own lock for the lockers in the locker rooms	
Jan 5 2005	Great Location Nice Staff Great Gym.	I spent a lot of time in my room (work) and I have to say - I don't know what the naysayers wanted from this hotel. Maybe they were the people in front of me checking in who never said &quot;I read this hotel is horrible, are you going to give me a bad room?&quot; Wow, what an introduction!The gym is great. Lots of magazines and two floors of cardio and weight equipment. The housekeeping service was always respectful of my wishes and never knocked or tried to get me to hurry up so they could clean. I asked for help with my bags and got it. The area is wonderful, not right on crowded 5th Avenue (a plus in my book), but within walking distance of everything you could want in midtown - Central Park, Shopping, Rockefeller Center, Times Square. My only complaint is their elevators are SLOW. Three elevators is not enough for 22 floors. I'd stay here again in a second!	
Jan 1 2005 	Good only if you can book it for $159 or less	We've stayed at the Parker Meridien about 6 times over the past 3 years. If you can get at rate of $159 or less it is worth staying here. At rates higher than that, stay somewhere else as it's value to price equation drops rapidly. On the plus side: good location, modern architecture, free internet (bring an ethernet cable), pool, pretty good gym (it's a bit gritty however), Norma's restaurant (great breakfast, big portions, big price), nice bathrooms.Negatives: Any problem resolution, uncomfortable beds/pillows, doesn't participate in the LeMeridien Moments program, doesn't seem like a full-service hotel in many ways, won't guarantee a non-smoking room if you book anywhere but direct with them, bellhops pushing for tipsI generally like this hotel and the LeMeridien chain in general, but problems with reservations and subsequent price gouges in costly upgrades in order to get a non-smoking room leave a bad impression. I took the manager over 3 weeks to reply to a complaint email to him, with a lame response. If you don't like modern/contemporary decor, definitely don't stay here.	
Dec 24 2004	RIP OFF	this hotel is one place where you can get ripped off constatntly. The hotel service was terrible. from the people in the front desk to the bell boy every body tries to rip you off. It is extremely overpriced for the low quality of service that they provide you.if you want to stay in a decent place and what your money to worth, then stay away from this hotel!	
Dec 22 2004	Ouch!	I was directed to this hotel while on business last-minute for a week during prime shopping season in December (i.e. it was not my first choice). I was booked into a junior suite at about $325 night. Initially, I was pleasantly surprised at the room size, bathroom, great location and views. But as the stay wore on, the uncomfortable bed, incredibly slow elevators, mob-scene lobby and unpredictable service began to wear on me. I had a guest join me mid-week, and despite three reminders to the front desk, she was denied check-in until I was located on a cell phone mid-meal with an important client. Bad form. The hallways always seemed to be littered with take-out trays, housekeeping showed up at 5pm, and the gym is not all it's cracked up to be (better to walk three blocks to Golds and pay $10). I didn't expect the Four Seasons, but in retrospect I think things would have been better at the Royalton.The burger bar is not to be missed.	
Dec 18 2004	Dreadful hotel	We were supposed to stay six nights at Le Parker Meridien but we managed only one as we checked out as early as we could the next morning. This has to be the most dreadful hotel my husband and I have ever stayed in. The lobby is cold and impersonal. The room way too small with no dresser, we had no place to put our clothes so they remained in our suitcases. The result of this was that we had no place to sit or walk around in the room as our suitcases were either on the one chair or on the floor. The closet door was comprised of material and so small we couldn't use it. We suffered through the night on an uncomfortable platform bed, hard pillows and a running toilet. Did I mention the trash on the floor when we got off the elevator? Well, it was still there when we left the next morning. Never again.	
Dec 11 2004	#37 - I Don't Think So!!!!!!!!!	I regret that you do not offer a &quot;o star&quot; option. This was the single biggest mistake I have ever made in choosing a hotel - no small feat given that I stay in hotels over 100 nights per year. Without going into the details of an experience which went from bad to worse to worse yet, let it suffice to say that my experience at the Holiday Inn in Green Bay, WI (yes, I HAVE stayed there) was far superior to this. If you are thinking about staying here, don't. If you have a reservation, cancel it. It is amazing that a New York City hotel at $395/night could lower itself to these depths of service. Outside of a lovely receptionist and one tremendously helpful concierge the service was incompetent, negligent and most surprisingly, exceptionally hostile. Enough said.	
Dec 11 2004	I've had less complicated check-ins at the EconoLodge	My husband and I came in from Queens and stayed here during the weekend of our wedding, on a sort of 'mini-moon'. We booked two rooms, one for us and one for my husband's cousin and his wife, who came in from out of town. They came into Manhattan a few hours before us, and checked into the hotel first. When we arrived to check in, we were given a key and we headed up to our room. Upon entering, we noticed that someone's suitcases were already there. We concluded that they belonged to my husband's cousin and wife. We headed back down to the desk, where the desk attendant did not initially understand that we'd been given a key to someone else's room. She thought we were checking out. After about 20 minutes and a second desk attendant attempting to assist, we were given our own room. Meanwhile, when my husband's cousin and his wife returned, their room key did not work. I was frustrated because I have checked into budget hotels and have never had a problem like this. Something like this should not have happened.Otherwise, we found the hotel clean and we liked the decor, though overall I'd say it was just ok.	
Dec 1 2004	Nice room great location	Spent a nice night at the Parker Meridien - great location. The room was a little strange but comfortable and clean. We were upgraded to a park view which was very nice. They offer high speed interent, but charge for a ethernet cable - so bring your own. Big TV. Overall, we had a nice time. Compared to a Ritz Carlton it is lacking, but for almost half the price, not a bad value.	
Nov 30 2004	Le Parker Meridien c'est bon!	I just spent the weekend at Le Parker Meridien and was thrilled with the hotel. My room was on the 32nd floor and had a fantastic view of the park. The room's design was very modern, but also very functional. So many new, hip hotels go for aesthetics, but miss when it comes to functional design - not this one! The bathroom amenties were first-rate, and the shower water pressure was spot on. I found my room to be very quiet and well organized. I have to agree with some other reviewers, that the room was very warm. Luckily, my window opened and I was able to keep the room at a comfortable temperature. Ate at Norma's (fantastic, huge portions, and $$$), and the Burger Joint (perfect burger, super-friendly staff, and cheap!). The gym was a huge plus - one of the biggest, best gyms I've ever seen at a hotel. Loved the little, fun touches like Twizzlers beside your bed, for late night cravings, and the do not disturb sign that reads &quot;Fuggedaboudit&quot;. As well, the location is perfect, and only 3 blocks from the newly re-opened MoMA. Aside from room temperature issues, loved everything about this hotel. I will definitely be staying here next time I'm in town.	
Nov 28 2004	Not happy with this hotel	I specifically made reservations at this hotel because their hotel info indicated that rollaways were available. I asked for two double beds and a rollaway. When I got to the room, there was only one bed. After several attempts to call the front desk, we took our luggage and went back downstairs since we were sure there had been a mistake. I was told that rollaways are only allowed in rooms with one bed (they are a fire hazard) so without discussing anything with me they had switched me to a room with only one bed and the rollaway. There is a $30 charge for a rollaway so I'm not sure why this was a better solution than the two beds I had requested other than to pay even more for an over priced room. There were no other alternatives at this point so we were stuck. Their restaurant promised a 45 to 60 minute wait for breakfast the next morning. We waited over an hour and a half before we were seated. I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.	
Nov 25 2004	Just OK	I have stayed at the Parker Meridien and found it to be merely adequate. The front desk is quite snooty and the decor is frayed. However the location is good and for a little extra $$ you can get a lovely view of Central Park.	
Nov 15 2004	How can anyone not give this place a five?	I will admit. I booked reservations through expedia, and I had never heard of this hotel bdfore. I would usually stay at the Marriott in Times Square, but I decided to try something different. I did something that I don't recommend. I purchased the room at the hotel, and then I did research on the hotel, just because I was not familiar with the name.I happened upon this site where I got mixed reviews on the Le Parker. I was afraid that I was going to be disappointed, considering this weekend I was planning to propose to my girlfriend. So, I went in thinking the worse.I was impressed from the time that I walked in the hotel. The staff was very friendly. The day before checking in I called to see what type of view that my room had. I was informed that I did not book a park view room, which a mistake on my part. I then asked if I could upgrade once I got there if I did not like the room that I was in(considering there were some bad reviews about some of the rooms). The told me that when I got there if rooms were available I could upgrade. When I got to the front desk, I was informed that they had upgraded me to a parkview room for free. It was my fault I did not book a parkview room, but the took it upon themselves to upgrade me, because the knew that is what I wanted.I had the best time at a New York City club that I have ever had, and the concierge staff recommended the club. This same person took the time to print a boarding pass for me, so that I would not have to pay for it in the buisness lounge. They took care of us. The room was contemprorary, which I like. I could go on and on. I loved this place and I will not stay in Manhattan and not stay there.This is the place to stay. It is a 5 star Hotel!!!!!	
Nov 15 2004	some oddities	We just returned from Le Parker Meridien and it's a bit of a strange hotel. We have a three year old and picked the Meridien because it was close to Central Park and had a pool. When we arrived, at night, we were told we had an upgraded room with a park view, and shortly thereafter told that , no, we were in a regular old room. It just seemed a bit disorganized, since I had made the reservation weeks before and called to confirm the day before.The whole hotel seemed rather dimly lit. It was atmospheric the first evening, but downright bizarre after that, kind of mausoleum-esque. The low light gave the feeling that you couldn't see anything exactly right. The Burger Joint mentioned in previous reviews was interesting - like a burger shack you might find in the middle of nowhere, with wooden tables and benches, and great burgers. Also, the guys working at the Burger Joint were so nice, very down to earth and friendly. But it just didn't fit the rest of the impression that the hotel seemed to be trying to make- sort of refined elegance, modern Versailles. And the impressive lobby just reeked of fried food from 11am-11pm, which, again, was disconcerting.I'd agree that the rooms were of a very good size for New York, much appreciated by us with our little monkey. But the bed linens weren't the best and the extra woolblanket was too much like an SOS scouring pad.The pool was nicely situated, at the penthouse level, with great views, but a bit worn around the edges, like much of the hotel.My biggest complaint would be the little video moniters playing cartoons/old serials in the elevators. 1. you're never in the elevator long enough to understand what you're seeing and 2. every snippet that we saw had some amount of violence in it - not a problem for adults, but I really didn't want our little one seeing Elmer Fudd shooting Bugs Bunney, or Tom chasing Jerry with a hachet or one of the Three Stooges physically abusing another - and, of course, he was very drawn to it, so we spent each ride up and down trying to shield him, while he yelled &quot;I can't see, I can't see!&quot;  I did ask the concierge to try to change it or even turn it off while we were there, and she handed me a complaint card, but nothing happened - I guess it was not considered a hip request, oh well.Finallly, (last complaint), we ate at Norma's - very yummy food, but portions so big it's just nauseating to look at them. And some woman came up to our table just as we were seated, dressed like a patron, didn't introduce herself, and addressed herself only to my son, making him promise that he would stay seated throughout the meal and &quot;pinky swear&quot; to that - he's THREE for God's sake !  He didn't know what she was talking about, thankfully, but I thought that was just about the rudest and most presumptious thing I 'd ever experienced, disciplining a patron's child - we'd only got there and he hadn't done anything. I'm only guessing she was the restaurant manager - the hotel might consider finding someone with a few more manners and some tact.Overall, I think we would probably stay there again, given the good location and the OK price of the room , but only if the elevator videos are assuredly non-violent (really not a huge request).	
Oct 27 2004	Just say No	Unfortunately I had to stay at Le Parker Meridien as the city was booked out, but I would recommend against it very strongly. The rooms are large, but for the price this hotel is not worth it.  - uncomfortable bed, bordering on a futon.  - they will only SELL you a computer cable to connect to the internet for $15. I asked to borrow it, allowing that they could charge me if I didn't return it, but the hotel has a &quot;sale only&quot; policy on cables.- on the way to our room after dinner, the elevator to our 10th floor room jolted to a sudden, sharp stop, the doors opened and we were about 2 feet short of the floor. We had to climb up and out of the elevator. When I mentioned this to the bellman, he said security had been stuck in the elevators the day before as well. When I mentioned it to the front desk manager and told her I would be checking out early, she looked me right in the eye and told me she was very shocked and they had never had problems with the elevators before.- the room has 2 thermostats, but despite turning them both down to 63, we sweated all night long. On calling downstairs, we were told that the hotel was on a central heating/cooling system and the individual room temperature controls are not operational. Given that the windows didn't open in our room, it was very uncomfortable. I checked out early and would never stay again. Not only the heat/hard bed and bad elevators, but primarily because of the way the front desk manager handled these issues. If there is a problem, a good hotel staff will address the issue with sincerity and make some attempt to rectify. Here they will just keep smiling at you and give you the little speech out of the handbook.	
Oct 26 2004	Mixed Bag	PROS:1. Great location.2. Great restaurant next door, Topaz Thai. Excellent pad thai with shrimp for around $11.00. Other good restaurants with amazing variety are very close.3. Great mystery bookstore next door.4. Room did not seem small to me, but I'm not a frequent NY traveler. Room was done in modern style for crisp, clean look but dull colors. 5. Large, flat screen Sony TV. Great for football.6. No mention of Priceline booking at check-in.7. King bed comfortable.8. Great built-ins (window desk, drawers) that made room bigger.9. Staff seemed friendly.CONS:1. NO AC!! Reviews about AC problems are correct. Clerk admitted that it was an &quot;old building&quot; and that they had problems with AC in between seasons. She added that the AC is on in all the rooms or off in all of the rooms. With the price we paid (Priceline obtained but close to advertised web rate of $325) and the 4-star rating, AC should have worked. Lucky for us the window opened.2. Hot water would come and go.3. Sheets not that great. 4. Many rooms do not have views. Our room on the 11th did not. Not a problem for us but may be for others.5. Our shower curtain did not keep in the water. Watch out for this.6. Took 2 calls to obtain extra pillows.Overall:From my experience and reading the other reviews, I believe that if you get a great deal, then it is likely that you will really enjoy your stay here. (Exception: If you need AC and cannot get it.) Conversely, if you do not get a great deal, then it is less likely that you will really enjoy your stay.I myself did not dislike the hotel but will definitely check out other hotels and their prices before my next visit.	
Oct 26 2004	Very good experience !	Visited n.y. for a long weekend and had a pleasant stay. As a fitness nut I highly recommend the hotel for its great fitness facility - Gravity. Helpful staff, excellent location, good french restaurant next to the hotel, good thai several doors down. We had a large comfortable room with a nice bath. Only downfall was lack of temperature control in room - HOT the whole time regardless of thermostat setting. The good certainly outweighed this one negative.	
Oct 25 2004	Great Hotel Near Carnegie Hall and Central Park	Stayed here for a few days over the 4th of July holiday weekend. Had a Jr. King Suite - excellent room at a very good rate. Extremely spacious room with large bathroom. Large TV mounted in a column which swivels so TV may be viewed from either the living room or the bedroom. Only minuses were the Burger Joint off the lobby was closed for the holiday weekend and the prices at Norma's in the lobby were sky high. (Great breakfasts there though.)Excellent location - handy to everything you'd want to access.	
Oct 12 2004	Pitiful rooms	extremely small and uncomfortable rooms. if you expect a good nights sleep, try a park bench. i politely asked to switch rooms 2 days in a row and didnt even get a call back from the manager. would never stay here again although the burgers and breakfast at normas was excellent	
Oct 11 2004	Great Location- Pretty Good Hotel	My daughter and I just got back from this hotel. Saw the mixed reviews before we left but booked anyway as I wanted this location. We enjoyed our stay and had no problems in which we had to deal with the management but the conceirge had an attitude and didn't seem to want to be bothered by our questions although he wasn't busy at all. We weren't warned about the minibar and consequently when my daughter moved a few drinks to cool her own overnight we were billed at check-out for the moved drinks but when I mentioned that we didn't have any drinks they cleared it off our bill immediately. I have stayed at other 4 star hotels in NYC and find this one to be about average or maybe just a little below average. The location was perfect though and made up for it as far as I was concerned.Pretty nice hotel overall but I'll keep looking for my next visit.	
Oct 9 2004	Hot Hell Hole	Last year I fled from this awful hotel after 1 night. The antiquated Heating/AC system can only supply heat to the whole hotel or A/C to the whole hotel. My room was like a sauna but no A/C was available. Even a Red Roof inn will provide A/C on demand but not this place.The stated &quot;Panoramic Manhattan Skyline View&quot; was of a balcony on the tower across the street.One could die waiting for the elevator to arrive.The Front desk was unconcerned that I was not happy with my room. I would describe their attitude as snotty. The rooms are worn with nicked furniture. Modern Design requires good care to remain attractive. My room looked cheap from wear. Even the windows were caked with filth, the seals between the double pane glass had failed; allowing water and dirt to be trapped inside. Again no upkeep. An unusually large minority of the guests smoked constantly and just the elevator door opening on the smoking floors was enough to choke a non-smoking guest.I checked out a day early and moved to the infinitly better W Times Square. Avoid this creaking pile like the plague.	
Oct 8 2004	Wonderful on so many levels	There are so many conflicting reviews on this hotel I was a bit worried. But I side firmly with the reviewer who declared that service is what you make of it and you get what you pay for.We paid hardly anything (relatively) for our suite - and though I was bummed that we did not get a view of the Park (hotel was sold out), we still had a lovely suite with plenty of room for us and our teenage boy. The sheets were nice, the pillows and blankets good quality - all in all the amenities of the bed were good. The pull out sofa where our 17 year old (and quite tall!) lad slept was firm and he said &quot;not too lumpy&quot; - so that sounds like a check-plus. Our king sized bed was firm but with a nicely fluffy goose down mattress-cover type thing that we quite liked. The bathroom was spacious - especially for NYC, and my only complaint was that it had no exhaust fan, so the steam from my better half's showers would fog the mirror as I put on my cosmetics. The toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, lotion) were an acceptable quality, and when I asked housekeeping for one extra, they gave me a passle of them. I guess that $2 buck a day tip to our maid was worth it! The blow dryer (one of those built in jobs) actually worked well, as did the force of the water pressure in the shower. There is a nice hand-held shower head (how French!) in addition to the standard one if you like to use that to wash.The layout of the minisuite was good, with the TV swiveling to face either the settee area or the master bedroom area. I was not particularly fond of the TV channel selections, but then again, we don't watch TV at home, so who am I to critique. The size of the tele was good (I am not sure how many inches, but BIG), and the DVD player is a nice touch. We also appreciate the free internet connection, though I have to say it was Sloooooooowwww for DSL - must be used by a lot of folks.My only complaint is the ongoing hotel policy of ninbars with the &quot;sensor&quot; system - who in the world thought that up? Some bean counter. It would be much nicer if hotels gave you just a fridge and charged to send you stuff up by room service. Oh well. But with the free in room safe, nice little greeting basket of fruit, and super helpful, generous staff, I would say that this place ranks very high on my list. I used to only stay at the Rhiga Royale in NYC, but now this is my first choice.	
Oct 7 2004	Rude staff and sky high prices	I have seen that this hotel has had mixed reviews but as I liked the location I thought I'd give it a try. I stayed here for 6 nights in September 2004 and I have to say that my experience was NOT good. VERY expensive for the location and certainly not anything like 4 stars. The lobby may be nice but theres little else to redeem it.The room decor was just about ok but the room looked very &quot;lived in&quot;, with very drab looking linen and stained towels.I couldn't sit in the window sofa as it felt like it would come loose. Room service was initially ok, with the phone being answered instantly but sometimes the food was cold and morning coffee failed to turn up completely several times. Sometimes when the coffee did arrive it consisted of and undrinkable grey sludge so 1 out of 10 points for the room service.The minibar charges you for an item even if you move it, so you can't take anything out and look at it first. They do warn you about this on check-in but it still means you can't keep any drinks of your own cool...and the prices of the drinks in the minibar would make you think twice unless you are very thirsty in the middle of the night!I reallt didn't like this feature, because if I see that a room has a minibar, I would expect to be able to put a bottle of water in it if I wanted but there isn't one square inch of space to do so.So it's 0 out of 10 for the minibar.Security was very strange, making me search through my pockets to find my room key just so I could get back into the hotel even though I'd walked out of the same door 2 minutes before.Overall this hotel just doesn't do what a good hotel should. Doesn't make you feel at home and doesn't make you feel looked after. The staff look like you've interupted their day when you ask them something and make you generally feel liked you are somehow lucky to be in their hotel.I won't be staying here again under any circumstances.	
Oct 4 2004	My new home in New York...	I was a guest at Le Parker Meridien for a week while in New York to take the bar exam. I spent the first 4 days of my stay locked in my room studying, or recovering from the exam that day. I made a special request upgrade to an extra quiet room with a park view - and the very courteous desk attendant obliged unhesitatingly. (I did pay an extra $20 per night for the park view, but considering that brought my total up to $195/night including tax, it was still a great deal) The room was spectacular, very quiet and clean with a well-done modern decor. There was a large desk overlooking the park, a very comfortable Herman Miller Aeron chair (I bought one when I got home), and free high-speed internet access, a nice bonus (most hotels charge $15-20/day). The bed was perfect, soft yet firm thanks to the featherbed top. Housekeeping was excellent, I didn't hear a word from them - no knocks at 8:00am - but somehow they managed to make up my room in the half hour I went to the burger joint each day. I didn't use the gym or pool, but I did take a look and the facilities were first-class. The burger joint, although the decor somewhat contrived - they tried way to hard to make it &quot;dive&quot; - delivered an excellent burger. After the exam, I shifted from work mode to play mode and the hotel was still perfect. The minibar was surprisingly inexpensive and well stocked (be careful of the sensors-but they tell you that when you check in) and the hotel has a great location near the park, broadway, 5th avenue and for those that want to go downtown, there is a stop for the F train right outside and taxis are not hard to find, even in the rain (also, there is an umbrella in the closet, a nice touch). Overall, I found the staff (concierge, desk attendant, bellmen, security, housekeeping) were very professional, even when the lobby was terribly crowded with screaming tourists. I have stayed in several large hotels in Manhattan (Soho Grand, Hilton, Marriott, W Times Square) and dollar for dollar, the Le Parker Meridien blows the competition away. This is my new home in New York.	
Oct 2 2004	Good Location - Expensive Etc etc etc	Hi,The pros :-Good location (near Central Park and 5th Avenue).Good staff.Normas for breakfast - superb.Burger Bar - ONe of NYC's best kept secrets. Weirdly hidden from view, the burger bar is meant to be one of the citys best.The cons :-Expensive. We paid extra $375 per night for a central park view. A total joke. The hotel is a block away and the view is seriously obscured. Anyway, we complained and were upgraded to a Junior Suite. Very nice. Thanks Meridien!Hotel Bar - There isn't one! Okay, there is a French restaurant in the hotel but come on! This hotel really needs a cool hotel bar like W Hotel on Time Square.Would I go again? Probably not. Better value elsewhere but since the US OPen tennis players were staying there too, it can't be all bad...can it?	
Oct 1 2004	Good stopover	A long overnight stop on the way back to the UK after a family adventure holiday in Peru, dictated some luxury. The Parker Meridien provided some but perhaps not enough. It performs very well up to a point but.... The room rate was good £225 for a suite for four (though that didn't include breakfast for our 2 children which was expensive). They allowed us to checkin early (but forgot that we pre-booked a late check-out) The swimming pool was nice (but the attendants were very protective of long-term hotel residents and strictly limited access) The room was excellent, the best hotel bed/linen/duvet we've ever had (but no-one came to makeup the sofa bed, we did it ourselves, but then found the sheets had been used by previous residents) The bathroom was sleek and worked well (but was full of small black flies) Breakfast was NY -rich and huge, (but the service was a little overbearing and children didn't like it much) The mirrored reception area looks as though it should hide lots of mysteries, (but it doesn't - the whole thing is very clinical) The reception and door staff were first class (the room staff weren't) It's rather like that large class of good restaurants which do two excellent course but a lacklustre third.I think I'll look for somewhere with a bit more character next time.	
Sep 27 2004	Two Stars Dressed Up as Four Stars	This four-star hotel is a two-star hotel at heart. Why? The service is, at best, mediocore. Our feathertop was missing from our bed (it took them 2 days to replace it). We needed a fridge to store our baby's food. (They charged us for a rental unit!) And when we complained about the loud, 24/7 noise from the elevators, the management essentially said, &quot;Too bad! We're booked!&quot; In short: the hotel has a great location, but not much less going for it. For this price range, you can do much, much better in NY!	
Sep 20 2004	Love this hotel!	This is our favorite place to stay in NYC. The lobby is airy and modern, and the rooms are clean, crisp, uncluttered, serene and comfortable. Each time on checkin we were advised that items in the room fridge were on a sensor and that their removal would result in a charge. They make sure that their customers don't trip up with inadvertent charges, and they always correct billing errors. We have been fortunate to receive excellent, courteous and responsive service from Le Parker Meridien on a consistent basis, and we've stayed there four times in the last 2 years, and are headed there again in October of 2004. Last time we called and asked for a corkscrew to be delivered to our room, we could not believe how quickly it arrived, and on a white napkin on a mini silver plate. We got the same prompt response when our on-demand movie went out... a service person was at our door in less than 3 minutes. Their gym is one of the best equipped I have ever seen, and I don't mean just among hotel gyms. The views from the parkview rooms are stunning. All around, you get a tremendous bang for the buck, given the location, views, and amenities available at the hotel.	
Sep 15 2004 	A thoroughly unpleasant hotel	I really don't know where to start with this hotel. I stayed at the Parker Meridien a couple of years ago and remembered it as being passable though with rather rude and uncaring attitude from the staff. My company booked me into this hotel again during August 2004 and it seems to have hit a new low. Room service was both extremely slow with cold food and on several occasions not arriving at all. The showers water pressure was almost zero...and while the shower room itself is ok, it is not much use with only a trickle of water coming out of it. The room service coffee had a worrying grey color to it as if it had been standing for hours. The staff seem to take no reponsibility for the service whatsoever, and polite complaints are met with a casual brush off. Security was either over the top, with guests left standing while struggling to find their room key to get in....or non existant with drunken types wandering the corridors.I spend a large part of my life in hotels, and I am happy to take the rough with the smooth and I expect a lively &quot;New York&quot; sort of service in a New York hotel. The Parker Meridien I feel, fails on all levels apart from location. I am sorry to say this because I do like the design of the rooms, however nice design in no way makes up for the failings of the hotel management.I almost prefer to sleep on a bench in Central Park than stay another night at this hotel.	
Sep 14 2004	This Brit loved it !	As part of her 21st Birthday, I took my daughter to NYC.I chose the hotel via the internet. I wanted something a bit special, and certainly got it.Getting out of the pool and then looking over Central Park was awesome.The Gym was the best I've seen in a hotel and with over two floors,it was bigger than mine back here!The room was spacious enough and my daughter got full use of the CD player, in the brief time we spent in it.The breakfast is worth trying ,once! it's not cheap!The hotel is very well located, near the famous shops,subway and parkTry it, you'll love it	
Sep 10 2004	Overpriced and Disappointing	We were So disappointed !We arrived quite late on friday night and hurried to the restaurant next door for a meal before closing. The bell boy put away our bags in our room . We had no time to wait for him.( Close to 11:00, restaurant was closing, we were starving.) The bellboy LOOKED FOR US IN THE RESTAURANT and asked if everything was ok and stalled and stalled and THEN we figured out he was waiting for a tip.. We were Mortified ! Went to our room. There were hairs in the bathtub and the standard was a low end bed and breakfast. At least for a room the size of a closet you would expect perfect cleanliness. THEN we bought a bottle of water stored it in the fridge and get this..were charged for ALL THE BOTTLES we moved aside because they are electronically placed. On checkout when we discovered this GIANT DRINK bill for things we had Not opened, they PROMISED to credit us back. THEY CHARGED us anyway. Just got my statement on line and the whole amount is still there.Next time we go to New York guess where we won't stay !	
Sep 8 2004	Great hotel	This is probably the best all around hotel in New York. Great for families, great for those who want amenitites and great for business travelers and tourists. For me this is the ideal hotel in New York because I need to have a large flat screen TV with a DVD player in my room, plus a CD player. Also, I need a super comfortable bed and the beds at this hotel are the most comfortable I have ever slept on. All this for a relatively affordable rate. I payed $199 for the night and it was a good value, especially for New York. Also, the location is just about perfect for me. Within steps from one of my favorite restuarants in the city(Rue 57-located on the corner of 57th St.and 6th Ave.) and so very close to Central Park and 5th Ave. So with the amenities, the location and the price(if you can get the $199 rate), it's the perfect hotel in New York for me. Other hotels with a DVD player in the rooms go for around $400 or more a night and some don't even have a large flat screen TV! While this hotel has 35 inch ones. Plus, some of them don't have a swimming pool like Le Parker Meridien does. The pool is a great feature of this hotel which is located on the 42nd floor on the roof. You can see great views of Central Park and the surrounding city in your bathing suit, which is a unique thing for the city. Le Parker Meridien gets the award for the best all around hotel in New York.Even if I could afford to stay at more expensive hotels, I'm not sure if I would want to because the locations of those other hotels are not quite as good plus the beds may not be quite as comfortable. Thus, Le Parker Meridien is a unique hotel in a very positive way, despite the bland bathrooms and room decor.	
Sep 8 2004	Veryvery dissapointing	I have stayed in this hotel twice now. The first stay was uneventful, the rooms are clean and modern and the location is a good one. If you are staying for a quick night in the city then this hotel is probably fine. I did notice a few reviewers who gave this hotel a bad review due to problems being dealt with badly...and I had wondered what they were talking about.....but WOW did I discover what they meant when things went wrong on my last stay. The staff and management change from being efficiently distant to being awkward and insulting in seconds. I was injured by a piece of collapsing furniture in full view of other hotel guests and was unable to fly for 48 hours due to a neck injury wich was documented to them by the in house doctor, who told me not to fly.During this period I was subjected to repeated grilling by the hotel security staff over various petty details and repeatedly told what a nice view I had from the room they had upgraded me to after the accident even though I was flat on my back in bed and unable to see it.Two days later I emerged from the Hotel $1300 or so poorer with no recompense whatsoever for the time or money I had spent changing my flights etc.They actually made a profit out of my injury due to my enforced extanded stay.I have no doubt that it is possible to stay here and have a positive experience, however my personal measure of a good hotel is how they respond when things don't go smoothly and Le Parker Meridien, I am sorry to say falls a long way short. Not recommended!	
Sep 8 2004	mixed	My partner and I stayed at the Parker Meridien during the Easter break and thought it rather unspectacular for a hotel of its rating. Whilst the lobby is lovely to look at, it is put to little use. Also, the bar is small-part of the restaurant. The location is superb and the pool is a real plus. My partner was disappointed that she did not receive any communication re: pyjamas mistakenly picked up by housekeeping despite leaving her address and sending 2 more e-mails. Our room was okay but a little shabbier than we expected. Staff were good on the whole, particularly in the bar. Next time we are going to look elsewhere.	
Aug 30 2004	A very nice hotel to stay with kids	We highly recommend this hotel especially if you have children and don't mind paying more for the location and amenities. This is our second year staying at Le Parker Meridien with our two daughters ages 7 and 4. The hotel and staff are very professional and friendly. Our kids received coloring books and crayons when checking-in. We enjoyed watching the 'vintage' cartoons (Tom &amp; Jerry, Bugs Bunny) and black &amp; white comedy films (Three Stooges, Charlie Chaplan) on the small television screens located inside the elevators. The room was sufficient in size although the swivel entertainment console made for a tight fit when the sofa sleeper was pulled out. When we requested extra pillows from housekeeping, we were given both foam and feather pillows. I used the adjoining health club 'Gravity' and was pleased with the facilities and staff who were knowledgable and helpful in informing me about the classes they offered and the layout. I also got a massage and facial there on our last day and was pleased with the services as well. Dining was quick &amp; easy - Hard Rock and Benihana just down the street. We'll definitely return again next year!	
Aug 25 2004	Great hotel	Stayed here last month for 4 nights-zero complaints.Nice rooms,not huge but by NY standards very roomy for this $ range.Nice work area,staff was friendly,Norma's is very tasty.Along with it's excellent location I don't know what anyone could gripe about-maybe the whiners should pay $600/nt and stay at the Ritz,but I'm sure they would complain anyway.It sure seems to me that some people gripe about everything-maybe stay home and let the rest of us enjoy ourselves.	
Aug 22 2004	A calm and surprisingly serene experience!	A calm and surprisingly serene experience!Stayed one night in Aug (Sat-Sun) and expected a flurry of out-of-towners, crowds and kids. NOTHING like that at all.Yes, the lobby had a buzz but there were enough staff and I got my turn very quickly for check-in.I had a 23rd floor room that you could see Central Park from. At the first crack of dawn, the view was excellent, with the mist and lush green of the trees in the park!At night time, the lobby was very quiet and calm and others remarked at that. Being pretty familiar with NYC, I would agree that it was a quiet lobby at 9pm, given the location and being a Sat. night.It was interesting to see the flavors of nationalties (many French of course) and languages expressed in the lobby, the nice swimming pool and even the hush hallways. That unique feeling adds a little spice to any hotel stay.The only bad thing was that although the room was rather spacious for NYC, the big, revolving applicance that contained the TV was obtrusive in the room and took up some valuable space!The other annoying things were like a $3.00 charge for each Room Service delivery. The rooms next door were rather audible so be mindful more about your own audible, special activities!I put the staff to some little &quot;tests&quot; by asking the current weather, what kind of unique activities were taking place in the closest 2 Blocks, etc and they performed well, I must say!Final note, the parking garage right next door the hotel charges $40 overnight. But if you go 1 block west on the same side, there is another garage that charges $28 overnight. For simply a 1-walk distance, well worth it (they have a sign posted with the rate as well).All in all, a very nice stay and I was satisfied.	
Aug 18 2004	Great Parkview and Breakfast	I am surprised to read bad reviews on Le Parker Meridien.I just came back from a business trip and stayed at one of their 35th floor parkview superior rooms. The concierge was very helpful and the price was reasonable for New York.One of the reviewers who gave a bad review regarding the cleanliness of their rooms should have demanded that the management either upgrade or immediately change them into a cleaned room. I hate to say this, but my family owned and operated an Inn once in Santa Barbara, and you would not believe the people who would come in and use the bathroom and so on and decide that they want their money back for any number of reasons and would even write about it. Norma's served a great breakfast and the concierge even told me where to go for great Thai and Sushi per my request. All in all I give it a good review!!!!	
Aug 17 2004	Good Night at the Parker Meridien	We stayed at the Parker Meridien for one night the weekend of August 14th. Check-in was smooth and courteous. We had two rooms which were well appointed and clean. Everything worked well. The burger shop--next to the reception desk--is worth trying for a quick burger lunch. The hotel is well located very close to Central Park and with quick access to the subway and cabs. For such a well located hotel the price was right given normal New York hotel costs. We would stay there again.	
Aug 16 2004	Very good experience at the Parker Meridien	My husband and I recently stayed at the Parker Meridien for 4 days and 3 nights and were very satisfied with the experience. The room was spacious for NYC, very clean and comfortable. While other reviewers have expressed problems with the A/C, we were very comfortable during our August stay. The staff was very helpful and arranged a very early (10:30) check-in without an additional charge. The location is great, within easy walking distance to 5th avenue shopping, Central Park, Times Square, Broadway, and hundreds of high-quality restaurants. We would happily stay there again.	
Aug 16 2004	Sickest NYC Hotel	Booked our reservation after reading Frommer's reviews. This is the first and only time we received bad info from the Frommer's site. The room was filthy with some Gross Goop smeared on the bathroom vanity along with many other stomach turning observations. There was NO WAY we could stay so we headed for the crowded lobby and spoke with the management who assured us there would be absolutely NO charges. Left and found another hotel close by. An hour later, we began receiving voice mails on our cell phone from the management advising they decided to go ahead and charge us for one night's stay. I guess it was just too much for the spineless management to advise us of this in their crowded lobby area. AmEx is having to dispute this charge for us, so far with no success. What a rip off..Please spare yourself much grief, if you book this hotel, you'll have DEEP regrets. Stay at the Michelangelo...it's practically perfect in every way.	
Aug 9 2004	lovely stay at the Meridien	We stayed at Le Parker Meridien April 2003 for a week. We took our two sons 18 and 16 and my parents a special treat for their 45th wedding anniversary.The hotel was very well located for shopping and had easy access to the subway for sightseeing.The position of the hotel made me feel at ease to allow my sons to wonder around New York at their own pace as well as my parents.The hotel was extremely friendly and the rooms were very comfortable. My parents enjoyed the pool /sunbathing area in the afternoons while the younger generation did their own thing.The burger bar was extremely useful for my sons and the restaurant/bar was lovely to come back to after a busy day around New York to sit and relax in.I would recommend this hotel for any one and I look forward to returning in the near future	
Aug 9 2004	The Parker was Fabulous!	After using your site to book Le Paker Meridien (aka &quot;The Parker&quot;), we were sad to see the negative post in late July. I called the management at The Parker, and they assured me the service and housekeeping would be grand! I felt emboldened if a little trepidatious, having the name of the GM in my pocket as we made our first trip to NYC! We arrived using a car service (much more economical than a taxi from Newark for four adults), and checked in at 2 pm. On this Thursday, we had the check in desk all to ourselves. Two front desk attendants with great personalities and lovely smiles helped us. Our friend's room was ready early, but our park view room wasn't quite ready, so the bellman took our bags and we ate lunch at Norma's at the hotel. After lunch, our room was ready, and we zoomed up 35 floors in the elevator to our Park View room. The room was small (as expected), but the view of Central Park made it feel quite large. It was spectacular! The room was clean, well-lighted, and comfortable. The bathroom was small but well-lit. It had an unfortunate design feature in that the door hit the toilet when you closed it! But, there was good water pressure, a nice shower head, lots of counter space, and there were always plenty of fresh towels.  For $234/weekend night on Expedia, this room and location were unbeatable. I would go again in a heartbeat. They had great maps of Central Park in the room. The famed secret burger joint in the hotel was visited by our friends and well-loved. The concierge was available and helpful on many occasions. The Cima store had good coffee in the morning and a helpful staff. Room service was also on time and good. Quick tip: the newstand on 57th sells bottled water for $1!!! The automated check-out system was not operational, but when we went down right at noon (check out time), there was nobody in line, and we had a quick, pleasant check out. We stored our bags with the bellhop because our flight was later in the day. They politely warned us that 4 pm would be a &quot;rush&quot; on the bags, so we planned accordingly and got bags at 4:20 in plenty of time for our 4:30 car service back to Newark. The people in the hotel and restaurants of the City were just fabulous. We had doors opened for us, people wishing us a great vacation, oh, and I got a great haircut at Salon M on the Upper West Side as a walk-in on a Sunday! Loved the city, loved the hotel, loved Lion King (buy your tickets at Times Square at the TKTS booth and ask for best available seats). Can't wait to go back!	
Aug 5 2004	Uncomfortable	I'm surprised by all the great reviews. My two children and I stayed at Le Meridien in summer, 2003, and I hardly slept. Mattresses were hard and small -- did not seem to be two full beds, more like 3/4 size beds, and they felt like futon mattresses. Shared a bed with my younger daughter and we clung to the edges of the mattress all night because we didn't fit comfortably (I'm short and trim, she's 4' tall and skinny). I don't care for feather pillows, and housekeeping told me they had no foam or fiber pillows, so I was stuck with feathers for 4 nights. Every night, we found one bottle of spring water (warm) and two glasses. What about the third person? Upon returning from my trip, I discovered that a friend had called ahead, spoken with the concierge and asked that a basket of cookies ($50 worth) be sent to our room prior to arrival. We never saw them, but she was charged. I'll choose another hotel next time I'm in NYC.	
Aug 1 2004 	Plan to return soon!!	My sister and I stayed here July 21st-24th 2004 and we loved it. We appreciated the simplistic decor, some hotels are too fluffy. The large walk in shower &amp; water pressure was great. I also loved the bath products which I bought before leaving in downstairs shop. We had the junior suite and it was very roomy and comfortable. We had a early flight on arrival and we wanted to check are bags in and come back at check in time but they accomedated us by letting us check in early and had a room ready for us by 10:00a.m. which was very much appreciated since we had flown all night. Also enjoyed Norma's for breakfast. Only had Oatmeal &amp; Coffee but it was the best oatmeal. Only draw back was there was no coffee maker in room.	
Jul 28 2004	Unremarkable	Although the hotel is excellently located, being only a block away from Central Park and a stone's throw away from the shops of 5th Avenue, it suffers from being small and (save for the breakfasts at Norma's) unremarkable. We struggled to see how it had merited its 5 stars: the lobby was small and frequently overcrowded; although our room was comfortable, it was certainly on the mini size (even allowing for the fact that city hotel rooms do tend to be less spacious than normal) and the bathroom was extremely shabby with peeling paint and a very old shower fitting. The service was also unspectacular - the touches that one usually expects from a 5 star city hotel were lacking. In short, Le Parker, whilst not unpleasant, was bland and unmemorable. Our recommendation: if you're on business, go to the Mandarin; if you're looking for something funky, go to a W Hotel or to the Tribeca Grand.	
Jul 28 2004	Used to be a quality hotel	Have stayed at The Parker many many times in the last 10 years. My last stay was Saturday July 25th. What a disappointent. Room was filthy and the decor was way out. Service was even worse. They wanted to charge me $30.00 to refrigerate a bottle of wine I brought with me. I waited on line for 30 minutes to check in and check out. Wrote an email to their PR department telling them about all this and guess what, I never received a response. Won't catch me staying there any longer.	
Jul 21 2004	Great stay at Le Parker Meridien	Stayed at Le Parker Meridien 14-17 July and loved it. Great room with view of Central Park and very comfortable bed. Travelled with 2 kids (8 and 10) and found it very child friendly - they loved the pool, the cartoons in the elevators and the burger joint. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 18 2004	Very very comfortable	Our stay was fantastic! The rooms were very, comfortable and the beds were great. The bathroom was spacious. It rained the first two days while we were there and the hotel provided us with large umbrellas. That's a little thing, but I thought it was very nice of them to do that! You have to have a hamburger there, too. Behind the curtain!! It was very tasty and very affordable! All-in-all, our stay there was GREAT! I would stay there again without hesitaton! I have already recommended this hotel to my brother who will be staying there in October!Thanks for a great, comfortable vacation!	
Jul 13 2004	Excellent Value	I stayed at LPM over the 4th of July weekend. I booked via Priceline for $137/night. Upon arrival, the front desk upgraded me to a junior suite - yea! It was a very spacious room (especially for NYC) with nice touches...Herman Miller chair, Dorn Bracht bathroom fixtures, Twizlers by the bed...! I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly - they opened the Business Ctr. for me on a Saturday morning so I could check my email...no charge. The view from the room is simply beautiful, especially at sunset. The front desk did charge me $6 to hold 3 bags for a few hours after I checked out (they said this fee wasn't covered by Priceline...?). I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 12 2004	The Worst Ever.	What a dump!And I stayed in a mini-suite. What is the hype about this place? Thin walls, noisy, filthy furniture and windows, excruciatingly warm, countless minutes waiting for elevators, grossly overpriced. Typically French indignation. Rude staff. After many complaints about noise and a room that wouldn't cool down there was no offer to move me to slash the price.Ended up buying a fan at a drugstore. Minimalism in decor and every other category. The only saving grace was the health club. Never,never again. Shame on the Meridien franchise for affiliating it's name with this hovel.	
Jul 9 2004	Clean classy and comfortable.	This is everything you'd want from a New York hotel. The bed in our King Parkview room was unbelievably comfortable. The room was quiet, clean, efficient; just about perfect. We didn't use the pool or the gym, but had the weather been bad we would have. After all, the park is only two blocks away, so who needs a treadmill? The hotel was an easy walk to theater, Zabars and Bloomingdales. And we rode the very convienent W train to Soho and Union Square.Norma's, the breakfast restaurant in the lobby, was decadent. Great food, but my wife and I managed to spend $80.00 on breakfast. This was the only uncool thing about he whole weekend. I imagine tourists eating their first meal at Norma's the morning after they arive in the city, thinking, &quot;Man, this city IS expensive!&quot; My wife and I lived in New York for ten years and this was our first trip back just for fun. We absolutely loved staying at the Parker Meridien and will likely stay there again.	
Jul 1 2004	Nice hotel if overpriced...	The Parker Meridien is a nice hotel, decorated throughout in a very modern style which may not be to everyones tasting.We had a junior suite room which was large and comfortable. The staff arent over friendly, but not rude either. Normas breakfast is very nice, if expensive. The roof top swimming pool is a must if staying here, stunning views!Its a nice hotel, but for what you pay I would expect a little more, like turn down service etc.	
Jun 30 2004	Excellent Location	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Parker Meridien June 11th thru 14th. This was my 5th trip to New York and his 1st. If you are looking for a very well located hotel, this would be what you are looking for. The main entrance to the hotel is on 56th St. even though the official address for the hotel is on 57th. It was very easy to walk the 2 1/2 blocks to Central Park for a horse drawn carriage ride, or over a couple of blocks to 5th Ave. We also walked home from the theater one night. Two of my most favorite restaurants were within 2 blocks of the hotel as well (Trattoria del Arte and Bricco). Carnegie Hall is just on the corner. The rooms are pretty small, but well appointed and we were on the 22nd floor with a view of Central Park. This was a regular room, not a suite. I prefer a softer bed and we both agreed this one was on the hard side. Beware of the shower curtain (they are cloth?) if you don't have it closed all the way water is everywhere. I noticed someone else wrote in their review that they were not in the system at check in because they had reserved on the internet. The same thing happened to me, but I had brought my confirmation with me and suddenly he was able to find our reservation. I had reserved on the hotel's website. I agree with other posters about the size of the pool, it is tiny. I really don't go to New York to swim, but just be forewarned. The reason to go up there (it is on the 46th floor) is for the view - very nice. They did have it closed for private parties most of the time we were there. Please don't pass up the hamburgers behind the curtain in the lobby. They really are as good as homemade. Just remember if you don't see it on the menu they don't have it!All in all we had a great time and really loved the convenient location. I have done all the sight seeing before so the most important thing for me is being able to get to restaurants, the theater and shopping. This fit the bill. Have fun!	
Jun 24 2004 	Nice amenities and style but a typical NY small room	Like most New York hotels, the rooms at Le Parker Meridian tend to be on the small side. That being said, the rooms are clean and have a distinct modern style that sets them apart from traditional fare. Tasteful, and interesting. The beds are surprisingly comfortable and appear to be a firm futon on a raised wood frame with thin, soft top mattress. The combination is firm but very comfortable.The health club is excellent - several New York residents that I spoke with belong to the club. Norma's serves a superior breakfast, although it's also very pricey ($30 for oatmeal, juice and coffee??!!!). On the flip side, the &quot;Burger Joint&quot; serves one of the best hamburgers in town, and comes in at a low $5. The hotel location is close enough to Central Park for a decent view, and far enough from the tourist portions of Broadway to get a good night sleep. Business rates from $200 - $250 make it a hotel worth returning to in the future.	
Jun 21 2004	Too expensive for such a tiny room...Tiny Pool Bad service	I just returned from NYC's Le Parker Meridien Hotel this past weekend from June 18th - 20th. I was traveling with my best friend and needed a decent hotel to stay in and I heard great reviews about this location. Although the property was beautiful with a classy decor and high ceilings and glass mirrors everywhere, I just dont think it was worth the price. We arrived on a Friday evening and to my surprise my reservation was not in their system. I had to find a place with internet access in the area to print out the itinery sent to me by the interet website that I purchased to room. Once I got the itinerery, I was checked in very fast and prompt. The room was $250 and they held $100 for incidentals. The room I requested had two beds. Then we got to the room my friend and I was disgusted with the size of the room itself and the size of the two beds. They were tiny like twin beds, not full size. It didnt really look like a 4 star hotel. The furniture was clean, neat and very modern but I wouldnt call it luxurious or extraordinary. I did like the lighting in the room although it was tiny without a view. The bathroom was comtemporary but the ceramic on the tub was peeling and the ceiling had leak stains on it (at a 4 star hotel!!)...The rooftop pool had a great view of cental park but it was also very small and had tons of kids splashing around in it all day and didnt seem like a comfortable place for adults to do lap swimming. On Saturday morning we ordered room service, the food arrived within a half hour as promised but the breakfast wasnt hot and the total for two meals (just eggs, bacon, potatoes, and juice) was $70.00. I think that is very expensive. The prices for the items that I used in the minibar was so much that not only did they charge me the $100 incidental deposit but also an extra $25 bucks. I only had 2 beers, 2 cranberry juices (bottled), and 2 mini bottles of Vodka....The prices of this hotel are very expensive as all 4 star hotels are but for the value I would not recommend this property unless you have plenty of money to blow. I stayed at the Westin the prior weekend, spent around the same amount and was totally satisfied. I wont be staying at Le Parker Meridien again.	
Jun 15 2004	Le Parker Meridien super but...	We stayed at Le Parker Meridien two weekend nights in June 2004. The hotel is beautiful, elegant, exceptionally clean and in a great, safe location with excellent views. But it is very, very expensive. We got a pretty good rate on Expedia but then when we asked them to hold our bags until check-in they talked us into a more expensive room that was $30.00/night more. Then we naively walked into the restaurant for breakfast and were met with a menu where all the selections were close to $20.00 or more. Our bill for breakfast was $80.00! There are no soft drink machines on the floors. To get one you must come down to the lobby and purchase one at the coffee shop (over $2.00 each). If you have small children ask for a room with a bathtub because you can't adjust the water for your child without getting wet yourself (the shower door is stationary). Also security could be better. Several times we walked in and went up to our room without having to show any room key or anything. If you want the pool every night of your stay make sure it will be available. They close it for private parties. But the people who work there were exceptionally knowledgeable, friendly, and prompt, qualities we discovered all over New York everywhere we we went. We loved New York and we loved the Meridien but we would probably choose a more reasonably priced hotel next time because really you don't spend that much time in your room.	
Jun 8 2004	Fantastic digs and oh so stylish	We stayed here for one night before continuing onto London and had we known the hotel was so wonderful, I would have made the layover longer for us to enjoy the room! We arrived late in the evening from the airport and took the bellman's suggestion in ordering room service. I ordered a gluttonous array of food that was better than any room service I had ever had.The room also had a pull-out sofa in the sitting area with work station complete with H. Miller chair. The home theatre system with DVD player and cable rested on a swiveling contraption that allowed you to watch telly in the bedroom or while in the other room on the couch. There was more than ample closet space and the king sized bed was great! The bathroom was lovely with two robes, one terry and one Japanese Hapi coat if you wanted something less towel-like.In the morning, we had the best intentions of exploring a bit before our 7 hour flight to the UK that evening but ended up having breakfast downstairs at Norma's (The Wise Dr. Schmatkin's Mandarin Orange French Toast and the Egg White Frittata of Shrimp with Roma Tomatoes and Spinach are our two breakfast recommendations.) The concierge held our bags while we explored the city with full tummies until our return later that afternoon.All in all, the hotel is stylish without being stuffy - evidenced by the tv monitors in the lifts showing cartoons (Tom and Jerry ones - I cannot recall any other) and the humourous &quot;Fehgehdaboutit&quot; do not disturb signs that one can place on one's door. We enjoyed this hotel and will definitely return if ever we find ourselves in NY. 	
May 31 2004	Perfect Weekend Stay!	My partner and I stayed at the Parker Meridien from May 28 to 31, 2004. We had a great experience and highly recommend the hotel: checking in was a breeze (I had booked through the Internet), the staff was *very* friendly and helpful, the room was pleasant and quiet and the location was absolutely perfect! We really enjoyed the &quot;clean&quot;, modern style of the hotel (opposite of stuffy!) and the facilities such as the rooftop pool (despite its small size --go early in the day if you want some quiet time as kids take it over in the afternoon!) and the gym. Our room was a bit smaller than we expected but it was well set up and since we were on the 38th floor the view was amazing! We tried Norma's for breakfast and enjoyed it; my meal was delish, his average. Not cheap --like most places in NYC-- but the portions were quite generous and the service friendly. We also tried Topaz, the Thai place next door and had a fabulous late evening meal.Overall, we have no complaints regarding the hotel and only the best things to say about the staff. We'd definitely stay there again!	
May 25 2004	Rough start but great outcome	We stayed at Le Parker Meridian in January on the coldest weekend of the year. The hotel was conveniently located near Central Park and the theaters. I called to confirm my reservations and spoke to a friendly reservation staff that gave me tips on which side to stay on if I wanted to go to the pool during my stay. The check-in help was cordial, not overwhelmingly friendly. We were asked about a park-view upgrade which we took. We went to the room and the view was nice. The room was good with a comfortable bed but a little tight in terms of space. We were right next to the elevators so we could hear the elevator moving up and down. We asked for a different room and was quickly moved to an upgraded suite. Much better. The room was spacious and clean. Downside were the pillows. Make sure your pillow is not worn in the middle. We had one good pillow and one bad one. Not so comfortable to sleep on but it was too late to call about changing our pillow, our fault. The hamburger joint was awesome, breakfast place was good but not for the price and the French restaurant was average. There are much better places to eat nearby. The pool had a great view and was nice as was the fitness center downstairs. Overall a good experience.	
May 21 2004	Sleek Hotel	We stayed at Le Meridien for $174/nt - during Christmas school break, 2003. Very convienient hotel. The hotel's entrance/lobby is sleek and simple, with woods, glass and mirrors. Nothing &quot;wowing&quot; to me, nice clean lines, soft natural tones. My kids loved the deisgn of the place and our room. No view except of windows on the building across the street. Bed for me was very comfortable but the sofa bed was not comfy for our two children. They didn't seem to mind too much. To me the furniture reminded me of the '70's days of teak-styled design in furniture. I was expecting something warmer, cozier. Kids loved the room. Fun to sit in the lobby on the comfortable chairs and relax and people watch. Never ate in hotel, so no comments to share. Problems getting a room with enough beds. Never resolved, I gave up. The pool was terrific, and the view from the rooftop, outdoor track was wonderful. My kids loved the pool so much, my main reason for staying here besides location. We skated in Central Park, walked to the Guggenheim, caught taxi's, subway or buses easily from the hotel. Subways short walk away. Out of the hustle and bustle around Times Square, but we loved walking thru there just before the wild New Year's festivities. Concierge staff - outstanding all around. I would stay here again with my kids, but only if I could get a better price and a jr. suite, or more than one bed. Very nice hotel, and very clean. Modern, sleek design in all aspects of the hotel's style.	
May 20 2004	Highly Recommend This Hotel!!	We stayed at Le Parker Meridian Hotel from May 15th, 2004 thru May 19th, 2004 and it was fantastic! Our room was the Jr. Suite and after researching several hotels before we commited to this one, this was an excellent price for NYC. The room was spacious and very comfortable. One thing I would like to point out about the hotel, I made a call directly to the hotel to see if we could get a better deal by going directly through the hotel, and the rate was the same as the web, but they gave us free breakfast at Norma's, which is an excellent restaurant within the hotel. What they don't tell you is the &quot;Free&quot; meal menu is a different menu than the regular menu. So even though it's a nice offer, it's a little bit sly.We walked everywhere (of course) so be prepared to walk long distances (one day we walked 10 miles). We purchased a pedometer to calculate our distance and it's amazing how much walking you will do. Great exercise! The park is a few blocks away, along with Times Square, which was about a mile or so away. We highly recommend the Rainbow Room restaurant on top of the Rockefeller Center, a must see in my opinion. Very expensive (for one Makers Mark (wiskey) and coke the price was $22.00), but the food was superb!	
May 2 2004	Breathless in Manhattan!	My best friend from highschool and I hadn't seen each other for 5 years and we decided to have a reunion at Le Parker Meridien...WOW WHAT A GREAT HOTEL!!!!! The staff at the front desk were awesome- and REID is sooo cute! The 15,000sq ft healthclub and the rooftop sundeck and swimming pool were great also- and only 2 blocks from Central Park! I can't wait to go back!	
Apr 23 2004	Modern Comfort and Amenities	Le Parker Meridian has a modern decor that is also very comfortable. There were 12 lights in my regular, non-suite room, so no matter what I had adequate light or mood light. The gym in the basement is world-class and free for hotel guests. Norma's breakfast menu is imaginative and delicious. The staff was courteous and efficient. In short, I loved Le Parker Meridian and recommend it highly.	
Apr 20 2004	So-so hotel good location	My partner and I stayed at Le Parker Meridien 6 – 9th April 2004.The hotel is in a prime location and within walking distance to Central Park, The Met, The Natural History Museum and Times Square, and very handy for a subway station that is on a line going right into midtown Manhattan.The hotel lobby is very modern and clean, and the reception was friendly and polite. When we checked in we were offered a room upgrade, which we declined, but were still given an upgrade into a higher room free of charge. Our room was suprisingly large and it was clean, tidy and not at all tatty, although the view wasn’t up to much. There are no coffee/tea making facilities in the room, instead you have to buy from a kiosk within the hotel lobby – okay but pricey.We had breakfast in the hotel on the first morning but found it expensive for what it was, and instead we went to Starbucks across the road on subsequent mornings. The hamburger joint was an unexpected surprise and which we can highly recommend.Visit the pool on the top floor and you can get wonderful views over Central Park and Mid-Town.Although we had no specific complaints about the hotel, we wouldn’t be going back.	
Apr 14 2004	good hotel but not all rooms are so great	Just returned from the parker meridien and have some mixed feelings. Our room was a little tatty and non-descript, especially for a hotel of this quality. Small and rather drab, the bathroom was fitted with a rather dribbly shower and the bath had significant patches of peeling enamel. Paint work looked a little tired and the room in need of a little sprucing up. Being below floor 23, we didn't have the most exciting view-being of the back end of some buildings. The location, however is great and the pool was a real boon. The lobby of the hotel looks impressive and staff were excellent on the whole. We had a good time at the hotel, we were just a little disappointed that the room wasn't what I would expect from a luxury hotel.	
Apr 11 2004	Great location small pool	We stayed for two nights April 2&amp;3rd 2004, and had a great time. The hotel is one block from central park, so unless its summer or you love looking at barren trees think carefully about paying the upcharge for the &quot;park view&quot;. We were offered an upgrade to a juior suite with a city view and we didn't take it. When we thought about how long we actually spent look at the park, it was a silly mistake on our part. The room was much bigger than I expected for a NewYork hotel. But even so, I'd get a juior suite if I was traveling with more than one child. The pool was small, but good for a quick swim or letting the kids splash.The best part about this hotel is the location. It's really within walking distance to most attractions. And right next door is the best thai restaurant we've every eaten at: Topaz. Our roomrate included breakfast which was a basic breakfast, nothing fancy. The burger joint in the lobby was one of the cheapest lunches we've every had in New York. A good basic burger and fries.If I was travelling with kids and planning to go to central park, the zoo, the Natural History museum, the Met or any other attraction around central park and time square this is the hotel I'd recommend. But if your going to SoHo, Little Italy etc. the Millienum Hilton gives you just as much hotel for less $.	
Apr 11 2004	Love Love Love Le Parker Meridien!!!	Ahhhh...the fabulous Le Parker Meridien, the fabulous Norma's and the fabulous Seppi's. Customer service is at it's best at this hotel. We received an early check-in, the staff was gracious, kind and extremely professional around the clock. The wake-up calls come precisely at the time you request. The front desk followed-up immediately with a booking glitch and called our room to advise what had been done. Our room was white-glove clean and the bed was one of the most comfortable we've ever experienced in a NY hotel. The in-room complimentary umbrella was a big plus during a downpour. From the moment you step into the Wizard-of-Oz-like towering mirrored marble lobby, you'll be ecstatic that you've chosen Le Parker Meridien. Simply wonderful!	
Apr 3 2004	The best hotel in NYC	This was my second trip to NYC and this time to run in the first ever &quot;More Marathon&quot; in Central Park....The hotel was classy and first rate, The staff was courteous, helpful and professional. The hamburger joint behind the curtain was the best surprise I found. I can't think of any thing I did not like about this hotel and when traveling back to NYC I will definetly be staying there again....	
Mar 29 2004	Great location and great for business traveller	I stayed at the Parker in early March for a business trip. The location is great, close to shopping, museums, the park and subway stations.The rooms were clean and large by NYC standards.All the staff were helpful and responsive.Overall a great experience and would go back.	
Mar 29 2004	Top marks to the meridien	I returned last week from a great long weekend staying at the Parker Meridien. The check in staff were helpful and friendly and whilst we didn't upgrade, requested a room high up, and given a city view on the 38th Floor - the night time view was like something out of blade runner. Fantastic! The rooms &amp; bed were very comfortable and modern but always too hot. You have to turn off the air con and open the window! The entertainment system with CD/DVD &amp; Video was great as were the bathrooms, which had a modern, contemporary feel and kept impeccably clean. The burger bar is highly recommended, and whilst it looks like a diner in a 1* hotel due to the theme, serves the best burgers in town! Norma's also delivered a tasty breakfast and although not cheap, offered great value. Both are worthy of a visit even if you are not staying in the hotel! Staff at all times where both helpful and smiling and any requests we had were dealt with efficiently. Overall a memorable hotel with a great location close to Time Square, Central Park and 5th Ave, and I would recommend it to anyone. With the highly competitive rate we got on tour gang we could not ask for more!	
Mar 25 2004	Le Parker Meridien	It was my first time ever in NYC and I have nothing but great things to say about my hotel and my whole visit there. My room was beautiful and the staff were gracious and caring. Location is great if you want to enjoy the life of Time Square and all it has to offer but also very peaceful if you want some down time. I would definately stay there again the next time I visit.	
Mar 24 2004	Couldn't have been more enjoyable	My partner &amp; I stayed at Le Parker Meridien for 9 nights from 5th to 14th March 2004, and had the most wonderful time. This hotel went along way to make our visit to New York from Australia a perfect holiday. I booked a Junior Suite over the internet several months before, and after reading the mixed reviews recieved on this forum, I was not completely sure that I'd done the right thing. These concerns were soon put to rest. We had a room on the 11th floor overlooking West 56th Street, so no view, however the roof top pool and observation deck made up for this. The room was extremely spacious, very clean, modern (European Styling), and comfortable. We slept soundly every night. The bathroom in particular was lovely with it's oversized shower, with ample bench space around the vanity. Having the extra space in the Junior Suite, almost made us feel like we were in a home away from home. It was nice to have a choice of 2 sofas in which to watch the TV, DVDs, or have that afternoon cuppa and rest weary feet. Don't forget to bring your own hot water boiler as there wasn't even a coffee maker in the room. The heating system in the room was next to usless, I turned the temperature down on entering the room, and several hours later the room was as hot as before. Opening the windows fixed this problem. Also the fridge IS NOT a fridge, believe the sign on the fridge door. We used the Gym, hidden burger bar, both were great assets to the hotel. Probably the only disappointment for us was Norma's restaurant. Obviously we like breakfast the way mum makes it, with both of us finding the food to be overly fussy for the morning. One extra piece of information about the fabulous Thai restaurant next door to the hotel called Topaz. It's not part of the hotel, but at Topaz we had the best Thai food we'd ever had anywhere in the world. This coming from 2 well travelled Australians. Bravo Le Parker Meridien, and thanks for making our New York Hotel Perfect.	
Mar 22 2004	We love it here!	We have stayed here for the last 4 years and love it! The service is impeccable. Our room is always clean and spacious. We love the swivel TVs in the mini-suites that allow you to watch from the bedroom or the living area. The location of the hotel is awesome...very easy to get places. I highly recommend Le Parker Meridian.	
Mar 18 2004	a really good place to stay in NYC	Stayed with my wife on this hotel from March 11th to 14th. At the Check-In, they put us in the 9th-floor with city view, which wasn't really nice. On second day we could change to floor 25th with a partial park view, which was better. rooms are not very spacius, but were o.k.. The amenities were fun: big TV (almost 80cm diametre, don't know how much inches that are), VCR an DVD/CD Player. And you can turn around it at every angle. Mini-bar is full stocked but very very expensive. Don't put in any items from yourself, you'd be charged! But they have an Ice-Machine and a Cooler!. The &quot;hidden burger bar&quot; (Burger Joint) behind the curtain is certainly a hot spot. Normally it doesn't fit in a hotel in this category, but it is superb. Many locals eat there, I had the best burger I've ever eaten in the U.S.(and i've eaten a lot...) Finally, looking that ****** Hotels, just rated 1-2 stars are charging you 150 $ p. room p. nite it is a great location. The relation of what you pay and what you get is absoluty o.k. regarding NYC Hotel prices. I (we) would stay there again.	
Mar 16 2004	Fantastic Hotel and Location	My husband and I stayed at the Parker Meridien for 3 nights in early March and had a great time. We had booked a parkview room and we were not disppointed. Please be warned that the hotel is not right in front of central park, so there are buildings in front of the view. Be sure your room is on a floor from 23rd and up, this will ensure a better parkview. Although the hotel bed looks uncomfortable on the website, it is very comfortable. The rooms are very big for NY standard. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 11 2004	Great for business but beware the elevator and thin walls	I stayed here three times while on business trips to nyc. It was convenient and comfortable and the modern rooms were nice. Great gym for a hotel, so that was an extra plus. BEWARE rooms near the elevators, they go all night long and are very very noisy (plus, lots of hall traffic). If you get a room next to an elevator, CHANGE IMMEDIETELY. They were accomating to me about that.	
Mar 11 2004	Perfection.	I went to NYC to run the marathon in 2003, had originally planned on staying at the Rihga Royal, and changed my mind when I saw I could get a run of the house room rate for this place, and the reviews which were already here.I made the right decision. Upon arriving in the hotel lobby I found I had received a free upgrade to a park view room, with spectacular (a far too utilised term) views over Central Park and surrounds.A hotel lives and dies by its staff and I found the staff here absolutely superb. The staff in Norma's who by the second day knew my name, and were happy to leave me alone to read the (obviously) complimentary New York Times for a substantial period of time while I tried to figure out what to eat. The little shots of the daily smoothie were always welcome, the coffee excellent, and although quite expensive the portions more than made up for the cost.The concierge stationed below the original Damien Hirst (which to my shock, I actually liked) couldn't have helped more, the check-in desk staff were always friendly, and the staff in the little shop were always welcoming. (They also do a fantastic blueberry muffin).The 'hidden' burger bar was a great treat, the cartoons and silent Chaplin films in the elevator were a charming touch, and the lobby due to its presence as a walkway between two streets bustled with business people and friends meeting for lunch. The rooftop swimming pool on the top floor is unbelievable (and at nighttime very romantic).As for the beds, well, some people have found them uncomfortable - I must say that a marathon is not particularly fun for the legs and I slept like a log every single day. Put this together with a great bathroom and free internet access to write e-mails while you watch the sunset over the park and you have pretty much the perfect hotel.I even received a mini bottle of Baileys, chocolates and strawberries dipped in chocolate on my final night in the hotel - a complete surprise with a handwritten note from the hotel guest manager, a wonderful touch. This, more than anything, is a hotel which looks after its guests. And which is why I will stay there whenever I go to New York.The final memorable note about this hotel - I was waiting for the elevator to go down to breakfast, the doors open, and standing there was Denis Haysbert. Managing to suppress any appalling jokes, I thought jokingly, well, it has the seal of approval from the President, so it must be good.	
Mar 9 2004	Location Location LOCATION...Bravo!	We had never been to NYC before, but came in for my sister-in-law's wedding. We were so excited! Picking hotels in a big and unfamilar city was a little intimidating, (I am from Los Angeles, and I would hate to be coming from the outside trying to figure out where to stay here!) but after researching online and talking to a few native New Yorkers, we settled on Le Parker Meridien. We booked through expedia and got a great package on the flight and room--a nine day stay. The location was absolutely FANTASTIC. I couldn't imagine anything more perfect...You are bounded by 5th Avenue shopping, Carnegie Hall is on the corner, Central Park is one short block up...Times Square is a few blocks down...Unbelievaby perfect for a New York newbie because everything is in reach. We could walk to our Broadway shows, take in Toys 'R' Us Times Square at midnight, FAO Schwarz in the afternoon, stroll the park...It was lovely. The staff definitely push their room upgrades...but I was so glad to have taken one, for the view of the Park was positively storybook...The rooms were clean, smallish, and not terribly exciting...but not too many hotel rooms are. The bathrooms were nice. The hotel is a bit dark, but it didn't bother me. We didn't interact with staff very much, but those with whom we did were very friendly. The in-hotel restaurants were exceptionally good, though pricey. (That is pretty much expected, however...we were forewarned that would be the case with most hotel eateries...Norma's had SUPER good food...don't miss the hot cocoa...) We enjoyed the pool and its spectacular view over the park. In fact, the day after the 4th of July, there was a lovely firework display...pretty spectacular from up there. We were out most of the time, but truly appreciated the location and the hotel while we were in. We would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 9 2004	Not a Good Place to Stay	My husband and I were in the city for a show and had booked a room here. The paint on the bathroom ceiling was peeling in our room and the ceiling was covered with mold. There was no exhaust fan in the bathroom. Also, the room was extremely hot. I put the thermostat down to 50 degrees and it was still hot. It did not cool down the entire time we were there. I would not stay here again and would not recommend it to anyone. We stayed over one night from 3/6 to 3/7, 2004.	
Mar 8 2004	What a hidden gem!	My husband and I were looking for a NYC hotel with charm -- and space -- and somehow came upon this one. We were quite impressed. Our room, 1801, was boutique-chic, with a super-comfy bed and spacious bathroom and excellent clothing storage. We loved the big TV and the very quiet, clean, serene space. We didn't have a view of Central Park but we did have a skyline view which was just as nice. The hotel's French restaurant was adequate although the ambience is nice for some champagne and perhaps a bit of bar food (there's just too much in the city to enjoy otherwise). The coffee bar offers an interesting bark-flavored cola drink and nice pastries, chai, etc. If you're into art books, the Strand Hacker book store down 57th at 6th is ultra-cool. We didn't get a chance to try one of the touted burgers but maybe next time....	
Feb 25 2004	Stylish modern comfortable	I booked directly on the hotel's web site, after checking the various hotel discount sites, and got the best deal ($169/night). I was offered a room with one bed, but it sounded a little small, and I upgraded to a junior suite (+$30) which was exceptional. It was laid out in an intriguing way with an entertainment center on a rotating column (very clever!).The decor is Euro-style ultramodern, and the bed was a very comfortable platform with a duvet and comforter. ***If you want/expect overstuffed &quot;cozy&quot; traditional-style furnishings and bed, do not stay here!*** But if you love clean contemporary lines, this is your place.The best feature was the work desk with an Aeron chair and FREE high-speed Internet (ethernet 10BaseT jack right at the desk). There was also a couch, chairs, and a window-box bench.The only meal I ate there was dinner at &quot;Seppi's&quot;, the French place, and it was good but not exceptional, although they do stay open late, which is useful.Location - can't be beat. Almost next door to Carnegie Hall, and you're right in the heart of the theatre district.I would stay there again.	
Feb 10 2004	Beautiful Modern Well-Located	Stayed at the Le Parker Meridien on 01/28-01/30. Had a 22nd floor room facing Central Park (and lots of snow), which had a nice, clean, modern design (like a warmer European version of an Ian Schrager or W Hotel). Comfortable bed, spotlessly clean room &amp; bathroom. The hotel lobby is striking and modern, but be sure to visit the Burger Joint behind the brown curtain in the lobby; they serve a great burger and fries for non-Manhattan prices. The hotel gym, Gravity, is one of the nicest, well-stocked hotel gyms I've ever seen (and it's free, too, for guests). Great location within walking distance to Fifth Avenue shopping and Central Park.	
Feb 9 2004	Beware of rooms adjacent to elevator!	My wife and I stayed at the Parker Meridien the first week of Feb.. Overall, the experience was descent, but there were some major problems that we couldn't overlook. The room we were assigned (#1109) was adjacent to the set of elevators that carries guests from the 22nd to the 42 floor...that meant that every 1-2 minutes (literally) a rumbling noise overtook our room as the elevators shot up the shaft at a considerable speed. Needless to say, this was annoying. When we complained, the staff was very quick to respond and immediately upgraded us free of charge to a jr. suite. The suite was a smoking room, which we did not like, so they upgraded us again to a penthouse suite on the 40th floor. The room was very spacious with two 32&quot; t.v.'s, a couch, living room area, large wooden table, a desk, and two full size beds. No complaints there.The concierge gave me completely erronous information when I asked if the TKTS booth sells same day tickets to Blue Man Group...the rep told me that they did, wnen in fact they do not and never did. This mistake took cost me 2 hours of my time including taking 2 trains round trip to south street seaport.The hotel, overall, is well thought out in terms of design and room layout. I found the staff to be most courteous and helpful. Location is tops, and the view from the penhouse pool is stupendous.I was promised a similiar free upgrade to a 40th floor suite next time I visit the hotel which did mollify the situation. This hotel should be considered only if the price is right (under $200 a night), otherwise, I would not recommend.	
Feb 9 2004	Loved this Hotel	I just got back from a weekend stay at Le Parker Meridien. The hotel is wonderful and the staff was great. The check in was extremely quick. Room service was fast. I must have called the front desk a dozen times for information on where an ice cream shop, a dunkin donuts, a candy shop, etc. and they were so helpful. Rooms were extremely clean and the beds were comfortable.	
Feb 4 2004	Free Upgrade - charged on check out ??	I booked through Expedia (via TripAdvisor) for a standard room. I emailed the hotel directly afterwards requesting a room on a high floor if possible. I was surprising my fiance as we got engaged at christmas and he had never been to New York. They emailed me to say that they had upgraded us to a Park View which was very nice of them. When we arrived they charged us for the upgrade. Location of hotel was superb, very close to a number of subway stations. Roof pool was nice - had it to ourselves. No jacuzzi though and the sauna was down at the health club - gravity. Minibar could not be used as a fridge and we were told 'if we moved ANYTHING we would get charged as it was on a sensor device' No coffee making facilities. EVen a basic B&amp;B in Ireland has tea/coffee making facilities. We loved New York - had a ball, found everyone to be very friendly, the staff were not as warm as everyone else, then again they probably looked at us and said ' leisure market'. Internet access was free but when we checked the price on the webtv it was charged ? It did not tell us it was free? Have stayed on business in a number of other Meridiens, Brussels, Barcelona, London, Dublin but not really sure if they are worth it.	
Jan 24 2004	Comfortable great for business	I booked through United Vacations (United Airlines' package site) and got the room for about $175 / night, a very decent rate for NYC. I was upgraded upon arrival to a &quot;Jr. Suite&quot; on the 21st floor.The suite was spacious and comfortable. It was a little weathered, not unlike what you'd find at an Embassy Suites of the turnpike in Jersey. I had a south facing &quot;view&quot; - which meant staring into another office building across 56th St. There was a TV console in the middle of the room that pivoted to allow viewing from either the living room area, or the bedroom. DVD player, VCR, nice screen, etc.I order to meals via room service - the vegetable curry, and the &quot;senor croque&quot; - and they were both *amazing*. Very impressed. Perhaps a little pricey, but worth every penny.Great pool on the 42nd floor (didn't have time to use it.) The Gravity Gym looked perfectly adequate, but certainly not as spacious or posh as the website (or brochure) made it look.All in all, I found this a comfortable, reasonable business hotel. Service was great, prompt, simple. Great location (took the NRWQ line to the 57th street exit, actually on the same block as the hotel.) Internet access was free (and worked well.)Very few complaints (elevators were slow), and I'll stay there again.	
Jan 23 2004 	Great base to work or play in NYC	I had a choice of around 15 hotels (around 300-400USD) to stay at in Manhattan for a week, including four days of work and three days of play. I chose Le Parker Meridian because the web site was cool and the rooms looked fantastic, as well as comfortable. I was allocated a Junior Suite (City View) on 35th floor, which was perfect. and exceeded my expections. The staff are friendly, and perhaps (falsely) over-friendly, but always willing to please. Room service was very expensive and the mini bar couldn't be used as a fridge, which was terrible for me because I drink 2 litres of mineral water, and a litre of pure orange juice every day, and couldn't keep it cool. The gym was well equiped, but the machines looked rather old, and should be replaced. The rooftop pool was small and fine. The hidden burger bar was to die for. The free hi-speed Internet worked super speedily with no latency. The food was above average, but way over-rated.I would definetly come back here on business, and would be happy to do a pleasure weekend in the future and due to the location for shopping, subway and Central Park, I would thoroughly recommend it to couples with a young child, or business people.	
Jan 7 2004	Rooms are nice the eats are pricey.	This hotel was definitely overpriced. My daughter and I stay in a jr suite room and the room was a nice size with a sofa and separate bedroom and had a cool tv divider thing. The room was very quiet and clean. But, there was no coffee maker (a regular thing nowadays) and you cannot use the mini bar as a refrigerator. Therefore, you must eat out or order from room service. After looking over the room service menu (they even have a menu for pets (dog, cat, birds, even rabbits) we decided to avoid it, but we broke down and ordered a slice of cheesecake late one evening and some hot tea -- the tea was 10.00 and the cake was 12.00 + they add in a tip, but the cake was the size of a small cupcake. And don't order the yogurt -- your kids will hate it. So, my advice to any family coming here would be to pack a travel water heater and purchase plenty of snacks while you're out. The cartoons in the elevators are cute the first couple of times you ride the elevator (long rides) then become annoying. We could not get to the pool without going down to the lobby and taking another elevator up there -- so make sure you're staying in the right tower unless you want to have to completely dress when you come and go to the pool. But the main reason I would not stay there again is that there was no way to have a late night snack without packing your own kitchen supplies. The burger place was a good buy.	
Jan 4 2004	Avoid to go	This hotel is over rated and over priced. We stayed 4 nights only because we had paid in advance. Rooms are small and very dark. Park is not near and &quot;view park&quot; includes a lot of buildings.Hall is always crowded and location is not so good. Best feature is the&quot;burger place&quot;.	
Jan 2 2004	Loved the Le Parker Meridien	Le Parker Meridien was great. We stayed over Christmas week and had an awesome time. The room was decent sized, the bed and pillows awesome! The toiletries were very nice also. The location can't be beat - close to 5th Ave, the Park and Times Sq. I would definitely go back. Things to watch out for...shower curtain is too small so water leaks onto the bathroom floor, so put some towels on the floor prior to showering to soak up the water. Room was a little warm, but the window opened and it was great for fresh air. Mini bar is not a refrigerator, you will be charged if you touch anything or add anything. But, they do have mini refrigerators you can rent (for a minimal fee). Front desk staff, bell staff, etc were all very friendly. Don't miss the burger joint in the lobby, there is no sign but it's behind the the front desk to the right. Good cheap eat. Definetely try this place out....it's more quite than other hotels on Broadway, but still in a wonderful location.	
Dec 23 2003	Le Average Parker Meridien	Over rated and over priced. Stayed several nights. Nice public rooms, but average hotel rooms (quite small and very dark). Best features are the location and the &quot;burger place&quot; - hidden behind the curtain in the lobby.	
Dec 12 2003	Loved the rooftop pool with a view across Manhattan	My sister and I stayed at Le Parker Meridien in November. Brilliant hotel, great location. The rooftop pool is not to be missed. We never did find the burger bar. The room was a good size and the 32&quot; TV was great. All the staff were very friendly, especially the concierge. Good value in a mid-town location. I would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 8 2003	Great Stay	My family and I, including two children ages 8 and 9 just got back from a weekend at the Parker Meridian. We loved the hotel, the serivce and the location. The staff could not have been more helpful friendly and efficient. The decor is modern, but very attractive. The pool is a real winner after a long day touring. Norma's is great buy pricey, at least it is if you have kids that don't eat the food. We'll be back.	
Nov 17 2003	Awsome Place to stay	We stayed at the Hotel Meridien from November 14-16, 2003, and had an excellent stay. The staff was great, and was more than happy to assist you, even when they were busy. The room was spacious, and cozy, decorated in Art Deco-ish fashion. My husband and I Loved it. Also if you get the chance, check the 5 dollar burger cafe in the hotel, its kinda hidden so ask someone where it is. All and All a wonderful place to stay. I recommend this hotel highly. To check out what the rooms look like go to the hotel's website.	
Nov 13 2003	I Had a Very Bad Experience Here	My wife and I stayed at Le Parker Meridien as part of a friend's wedding party. We had a very bad experience with the staff and when I spoke with the manager later, she did nothing about the situation (i.e. refund money, apologize, etc.) I eventually got a refund from American Express, but their horrible customer attitude was unbelievable. Also, the room was average.	
Oct 20 2003	nice surprise	This place has a terrific location. The restaurants and bar are excellent, although breakfast is a little pricey. The decor is very modern, down to cartoons in the elevator, but the facilities are great. The bed is super comfortable and the flat screen tv is fun.	
Oct 8 2003	Great Location and Staff	We stayed at Le Parker Meridien 9/30 - 10/3 and paid $295 per night. The Hotel was recently renovated and the rooms were contemporary and modern. Although larger than most NYC hotel rooms, our standard room was sparsely decorated and dimly lit. The bathroom was adequate but after showering, our floor flooded no matter how we placed the curtain--poor design. No coffee maker and don't touch/open the minibar...we were warned that if we moved any item, we would be automatically charged! Give me a break! The staff, especially the concierges, were very helpful and you can't beat the location for shows, shopping, transportation and Central Park. Don't miss the Burger Joint!	
Oct 7 2003	Great for families	We stayed at Le Parker Meridien in August 2003 and thought it was great. We had our two kids with us--a boy age six and a girl age 10, so we wanted a large room. We got a junior suite at a rate of $245 per night on Expedia, and it was well worth the price. The room was very spacious and comfortable, with plenty of room for all of us. In addition to the king bed, there was a pull-out couch for my daughter, as well as a built-in couch where my young son slept. The bathroom was large and had very nice toiletries. The kids loved the televisions in the elevators and the hamburger restaurant &quot;behind the curtain.&quot; The location was convenient to everything we wanted to do and the staff was helpful. I would certainly stay there again if the price was right!	
Oct 6 2003	A fabulour hotel great rooms  great location wonderful service!!	Just came back from a pleasure trip and looking at a school in the city 10/2-10/4 2003. We knew we wanted the Midtown location close to the Park and the theatres etc. We went on Priceline the night before and got so lucky with their selection for us. I was not familiar with this property and put in 4 stars and my price of $150 and up popped this property. I read all the reviews on trip advisor after we were told is was this property and felt we really lucked out and I was right. We arrived and we had great service upon checking in, when we asked for a King bed and a view they offered a $15 a night upgrade to the 36th floor parkside....soooo worth it. Huge gorgeous window with a view of the Park. The room itself was a good size , clean and quiet and very comfy feather bed and pillows. The bathroom was also roomy with a tub, water pressure not great but ok. Norma's for breakfast was all it was touted to be&quot;best breakfast in NYC&quot; we ate there both days. My husband enjoyed a late night burger in the burger joint in the lobby one night. We were so close to everything I wanted to do enjoyed Central Park walked to the boat house where we ran into Kate Couric and STING how fun and took a short bout ride there. There is a gorgeous roof top pool and balcony with a wonderful view and a nice gym that they do not charge extra for. I would stay there again and I highly recommend this hotel .	
Sep 8 2003	A Peaceful Oasis	My friend and I got a great rate on Priceline to stay here two nights Sept. 5-7. I had a terrible cold and had to spend a lot of time sleeping during our trip. The beds are SO comfortable--I have never slept so well in a hotel bed. In our two-bed room the beds were double-sized. We loved the look of the rooms--sort of Japanese modern with wood and olive trim. We called ahead and requested a room with a bathtub.Our room was located on the sixth floor, which I anticipated being dark. But it was actually just fine--about one-third of our window view was sky, so we had nice sunlight.The hallways are so cool--they are dimly lit with the room numbers glowing in cobalt blue.I want to stay here every time I visit--our room was such a pleasure to rest and relax.	
Aug 26 2003	Le Parker Meridien an excellent hotel	Excellent experience. Arrived at the hotel on 8/14/03 9:30 at night in the midst of the &quot;blackout&quot;. The service and treatment was just about as good as it gets. They had auxiliary power which several large hotels did not. We were able to be checked in. There were two running elevators and the door locks are battery operated. We were slightly inconvenienced but that was no fault of the hotel. We were taken by flashlight and a security guard graciously helped me so that I could remove my contact lenses. The room was fine. It is a modern contemporary decor. Should you be looking for a bed and breakfast type room this is not the place for you. We found the staff helpful and always courteous. The food at Seppi's is fabulous and yes the hamburgers in the little place downstairs are delicious. The location is great and we experienced absolutely no delays in getting a cab. Most of the time we chose to walk because the neighborhood is delightful in either direction. I highly recommend this hotel. We shall return!	
Aug 23 2003	Top choice!	Stayed 10-18 August, 2003, Large Tower Junior suite. This is an excellent hotel. Most of the staff (with some unfortunate exceptions) is courteous, friendly, helpful, and alert. Yet they are not snobbish. It is a very personal but correct treatment with a relaxed and friendly atmosphere. Anything you need for the room is quickly arranged, whether it is a towel, food or a technical problem with the safe. The large room was top notch, with elegant, modern, warm and sleek layout with all the necessary amenities including DVD-CD-Video-FREE high speed Internet. Very nice bathroom with big shower. All very clean and in good condition. A superb and large health club plus a fantastic roof top pool and a wonderful sun terrace with a magnificent view over Central Park and its surrounding areas. The cartoons in the elevator is a nice touch, although maybe only draw back was the occasionally long waiting time for the elevators. The atrium in the public area is beautiful and I like the warmth of all the wood panels and details, which is found all over the hotel. The location of the hotel is perfect and one very important feature: It is VERY quiet! We stayed in NYC during the black out and must say the hotel handled the situation professionally and with elegance! Chapeau! Even though this is an independent Meridien hotel, it is one of the best I stayed at (and they are normally above average and worth its price). No need to look for another hotel when visiting NYC again!	
Aug 12 2003	Nice consistent comfortable	Well, this is my favorite hotel to stay for business whenever I am in &quot;the city&quot;. It has complimentary high speed internet access, the rooms are euro-modern, but not tiny and are still functional. There definitely is &quot;cool&quot; style throughout. Not to mention the great health center in the basement and the roof top pool! I really cannot believe anyone would give this place a bad review. It is certainly not the best, but it is also not the most expensive hotel in NYC. Never tried the food, since i can't see staying in your hotel room to eat while in NYC! safe travels!	
Aug 9 2003	Highly Overrated	This was the most disappointing stay at any expensive hotel I've ever stayed at. The hotel amenities were virtually nonexsistent. There was no taxi lane and we waited outside the hotel for over 40 mins. for a cab. The staff was extremely cold, the beds were hard as rocks, and the noise from all the garbage trucks outside was constant and I was on the 15th floor! They advertised a room with 2 double beds, but they were not doubles, but oversized twins. We were moved to a junior suite which was spacious, but were charged $30 extra a night. We often lacked towels and your bathroom glass is a shot glass! The so called modern decor that is advertised is dark, grey and dingy. The gift shop was smaller than my walk in closet in my bedroom and the coffee shop (the worst coffee I ever had in my life) was overpriced. The &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign is tastelessly stated as &quot;FUGHETTABOUDIT&quot; and my advice to you is when in NY City FUGHETTABOUDIT the Le Parker Meridien!	
Jul 20 2003	Excellent!	Excellent Hotel. I was in town for a wedding reception here. Rooms are nicely furnished and for NYC seemed large. Beds have a featherbed. I did some work while here and found the desk chair very comfortable. Free high speed internet access was easy to use and fast. My bathroom had a large walk in shower but no tub--lots of soaps and stuff provided as well as a copy of the New York Times. The health club is big for a hotel and was not busy on either Sat. or Sun morning when I attended. There was no whirlpool--something I would have enjoyed after a long flight. I know there were people staying in the adjacent rooms, but I never heard anything from my room.  The wedding reception was one of the best orchestrated I've seen--excellent food and a terrace on the top floor with a view of central park.	
Jul 11 2003	Great Stay over the fourth	We stayed at the hotel July 1-6th 2003. The good reviews was the reason we choose the hotel. We got a great rate and stayed on the 15th floor. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. The room was fairly big and comfortable. The bed was especially comfortable. We did try out the health club, gravity. It is free to hotel guests. It was a nice club and during the time I went, 10:00am, there was hardly any one there. I wanted to try out the group classes but didn't get a chance to. It was a very quiet hotel even during the fourth. I can't remember hearing any other people while in our room during our stay. The location was great. The hotel is within walking distance to Time square and 5th/Madison Ave. shopping. Anything else that we wanted to see we took the subway which was just 2 blocks away. Also be sure to check out the view of Central Park from the roof top. I would stay here again when in New York.	
Jul 3 2003	Le Parker Meridien - great location!	We stayed at Le Parker Meridien from June 28-30, 2003. This hotel was most comfortable. I booked on Expedia, got a great deal, in the request asked for a Parkview - high floor room and got it. Right on the 38th floor - only 3 floors from the Penthouse! Also - if you get a chance - do bring your bathing suit.... they have a great rooftop pool with sunloungers both in and outside - the roof was also a great place to do some picture taking!The room was spacious, the bed very comfy and we were high enough not to hear any street noise. Mind you... 57th Street was pretty good for that anyway. Being 2 down from Central Park it was pretty quiet at night.Also, the hotel is between 6th and 7th streets and had access on both sides to subway and bus for ease of getting around the city.I strongly recommend the One Day Fun Pass on the Metro - it's only $7 and you can hop on and off the subway or bus all day long. Really very fast for getting around. And the subway was fine - no one bothered us.... and we travelled it from 7:30 am to 10:30 pm!Restaurants that were good in the area: - Brooklyn Diner - the Blueberry pancakes were fab (@ 7th and 57th) - Pick a Bagel - gotta have that Bagel and Lox! (right @ 7th and 57th) - There is a great Pizza joint just across the street and a little over towards 7th. - Carnegie Deli (since you are pretty much next door to Carnegie Hall!)Other restaurants: - If you want an extravagant dinner - do try the Palm One Restaurant - dress is casual - but the food is great - right now they have a 5 lb Lobster dinner for two on special for $75 - they grill the lobster instead of steaming - to die for - and if you still have room the Key Lime Pie was a great finish!Note: You won't find much NY information in the hotel room - but do ask the concierge - they have lots of great maps and guides. - Also if you take the subway - get a subway or Manhatten bus map - they really help to navigate the city...and finally - if you don't have a lot of time to do all the sightseeing - I do recommend the 3 hr Circle Line Cruise around Manhatten - you will get to see a lot!....and have a great time! We did - you'll love the Big Apple!	
Jun 30 2003	Great location good hotel	Stayed here 3 nights and was very impressed. Spacious rooms (especially compared to the trendy W), good service, nice ammenities. Great location for theater, shopping and restaurants. Helpful business center. Except for the doorman blowing his whistles for cabs each morning and waking me up, all was better than expected. And you can't get any better than NORMA's for breakfast.	
Jun 11 2003	Top rating is correct.	The top rating given by Frommers is correct. I booked six rooms in June for our group of twelve. I was worried about pleasing everyone, ages 23 through 68. Everyone loved the hotel. Great location, tops in prompt maid service, calming subdued rooms and lighting, and excellent amenities. The rooms even have a door bell. The breakfast at Norma's is outstanding with good hours, the high prices brings huge portions and we all loved the inexpensive hamburger joint. If you care about the view, beware of odd numbered rooms on low numbered floors, the more expensive odd numbered higher floors have excellent Central Park views and go to the pool for the view from the top floor.	
Apr 30 2003	The BEST in Midtown!	We have stayed at this hotel a number of times, and won't stay anywhere else in NYC! We have come a few times with out the kids, and a couple with the kids, and each time it just gets better. The rooms are great, and spacious! The huge TV ( a big hit with the kids!), and the in-room movie selection is great. The rooftop pool is one of the few in the city and worth a trip up to. The room service is a little pricey but is truly excellent. And, I can not say enough about NORMA's for breakfast. I swear, it is the best anywhere. Definitely, don't pass it by or you will be missing out on the experience of breakfast like you have never had before. All in all, you can not beat the Meridien. It has all the comforts of home, but in a stylish modern hotel.	
Apr 9 2003	very impersonal service	The staff at this hotel must be on commission - from the moment we entered they were trying to sell us upgrades and we heard the same patter about the restaurants from 3 different staff memebers. Decor was quite cold and impersonal, I usually love modern NY hotels but this was uninspired and functional. Great location though!	
Mar 5 2003	Parker Meridien. Great!!	Two nites at Le Parker Meridien. What a great hotel. Everything was perfect. Weekend rate of $160 for 41st floor overlooking central park. The rooms have all been redone and they're beautiful. If you like style you'll love this hotel. HIghly recommended.	
Jan 16 2003	Won't stay elsewhere	I have stayed at LPM over 20 times in the last decade. It always meets all of my business needs and I always choose this property for that romantic night away from home. The rooftop swimming pool is wonderful; chaise lounges and park views! The rooms are invariably spotless and full of amenities (I even bring my own DVDs). Norma's is home to Manhattan's best breakfast and the new &quot;Burger Joint&quot; is great and for only $5, you can't go wrong. Jack's is one of the coolest lobby bars in midtown and Seppi's feel more like a Soho bistro than a midtown hotel's dining room. They always upgrade me if one is available and the room service, while expensive, is wonderful. Also, they let me lazily checkout at 3pm. This place cannot be beat.	
Dec 30 2002	Beware - Money was stolen from our room	hotel was stunning - loved every minute of our stay in September. decor excellent. location couldnt be better. however a sum of money (not particularly huge but bad enough) was stolen from our room (2121) on our last day. we were only out of the room for 3 hours and had left money inside a purse inside a handbad - my fault for not locking it in the safe I suppose.As mentioned by others, staff were not overly helpful. Security man promised to be in touch after he had written his report and completed his investigations ie checking the log of which keys had been used to access the room. Someone had definitely been in as the room was cleaned!I have since chased them 3 times for a response without success. Surprise surprise no contact from the hotel - they obviously dont care! You have been warned!Marie	
Dec 25 2002	It was okay...	The rooms were very spacious by New York standards (especially for the 57th street location), the beds very firm and comfortable, the shower pressure good, everything clean and well appointed. There was indeed, as advertised, a 32&quot; flat screen TV, DVD/CD players, Nintendo, ergonomically designed desk chair, and 3 phones (1 on the desk, 1 in the toilet and 1 cordless one by the bed), and stylish adjustable book lamps by the bed. The staff members we met from receptionist to bell men to housekeeping were uniformly friendly and nice and we had an extremely pleasant check-in and check-out. Because of low occupancy they let us have our rooms early (by 1pm) and let us stay till 2.30pm the next day. BUT still the hotel lacked oomph and for some reason did not feel luxurious or hip nor 5-star although it's clearly set up as one and has a great lobby. We got a good deal off ... but be forewarned that the discount rate only applies to rooms below 9th floor. We upgraded to the 33rd floor by paying $15 more.	
Dec 7 2002	good value - not the best	stayed two days right after thanksgiving - park view room. small room/small bath - had to close door to get in shower. gorgeous view of the park (all park view rooms are 26 and up). not so helpful staff - we requested a high floor - at check in we were given floor 33 of 42 and told it was the best available. as we got on the elevator with others who checked in after us we saw them push buttons for 39, 40 etc. maybe it was us? no individual climate control - heat is on for the whole building - had to keep the winow open. poorest housekeeping - old food in the minibar, stains on the desk... best breakfast in town is definitely NOT normas - it is ok but overpriced, pretentious and loud with everyone showing off their cell phones...better bet is carnegie deli around the corner 57/7. good overall room - great value - paid 235. with great view and nice rooftop deck and pool (awesome fitness center in basement) it worked out well. i prefer more room but we enjoyed the view. my wife was happy with the room.	
Dec 1 2002	Nice Hotel	We stayed for 1 week over the Thanksgiving holiday. It was very busy, but our service was very good. The front desk people were great at check in. The concierge people were very helpful with where to book for Thanksgiving dinner. Room service was quick and good. We upgraded to a junior suite for 3 people, It was plenty of room for us. The only draw back was we were on the street side and it could be very noisy at times through out the night. We would stay here again but ask for higher up or the other side. I read other reviews about the hard beds, we did not experience that at all. They were very comfortable. Over all a great place, I would recommend them to anyone.	
Nov 27 2002	Stay From Hell	I stayed For a total of 29 days. Found the service to be very poor. There was a used condom in my room upon checking in. One morning 3 men barged into my room at 8am and preceeded to take everything ot of my closet and place my articles on the couch and floor because there was water leaking into the closet. There was never any follow up on the status of the water leak. When I reported that the floor was soaked in various parts of the room the front desk acted as if I was bothering them and made no attempt to resolve the matter. I found that the staff were only pleasant upon checking in and out. There were smaller issues, but this about sums it up.	
Nov 18 2002	Relaxing Comfortable Stylish Class		
Oct 23 2002	Wow		
Aug 25 2002	overall good!		
Jul 12 2002	Impressed		
May 31 2002	Nothing Special		
May 22 2002	Too Stark		
May 20 2002	The bed looks good but is hard as a rock!		
Apr 3 2002	Posh		
Mar 10 2002	Extremely Dissapointed!		
Jan 22 2002	First Class Accomodation		
Jan 22 2002	???????????????????????????????		
Jan 22 2002	Muy Bien Ubicado		
Nov 23 2009 	El hotel vende una publicidad engañosa		
Nov 21 2009 	super		
Nov 19 2009 	Buena ubicacion dentro del estandar caro.		
Oct 2 2009 	??		
Oct 1 2009 	super emplacement		
Sep 24 2009 	Le bon emplacement.		
Sep 17 2009 	?????		
Sep 2 2009 	Pesimo pesimo pesimo		
Aug 31 2009 	Hôtel à conseiller		
