	Way better than expected loved the location.	This hotel is in a street surrounded by residential buildings and you get a real feel for what it would be like to live in the area. We found a great diner nearby (Joe Junior's) that became our regular breakfast place, a laundry that delivered, a bar on the corner (mumbles) that did great scallops in the restaurant, and were only a few blocks from Union Square's shopping, restaurants and subway. We had a room with an ensuite and were glad of it as we were there for a week. We were on the second floor, so could walk up, which was good as the lift seemed slow. It was amazingly quiet (although the air conditioning could rival a jet engine for noise, so we didn't ue it) and clean enough. The bed was a little hard and only a double, but I wouldn't hesitate to go back as the location was the real star.	
	Good value for the location	A nice, quiet location near Union Square. The hotel has an attractive facade, and the lobby and rooms are decent. The shared baths are (at least on my corridor) close to rooms and extremely clean, and my room was comfortable and quiet. The desk clerk was the only staff member I saw, and he seemed pretty detached. This was absolutely fine with me, but might bother some. I would not hesitate to book a room there again.	
Nov 23 2009 	can't beat the value	This is one of the cleanest hotels that I have stayed in in a long time, especially the shared bathrooms. And they clean them so unobtrusively, I'm not sure when they do it. No frills, that's for sure. But anytime I needed anything service-wise, they delivered. Brought an iron up to my room, and came up straight away to fix my door when the lock got stuck. The old wood-paneled elevator was quite fun (if slow).The room I stayed in (single) was TINY though, from my estimates, I'd say it's about 6.5&quot; x 14&quot;. It had all I needed though. The room I was in did NOT have a sink, which was sort of a pain. I took this room, because I was insistent on having a non-smoking room and it was worth it for me to not have the sink. A word of advice, if you have a request, like non-smoking room, try to arrive early or call them earlier in the day to remind them that it's what you want.One oddity: each floor has four bathrooms, two of which are larger and have sink and shower, toilet. The smaller bathrooms have a shower and toilet but no sink! How strange. I guess it's because most of the rooms have sinks in them. Inconvenient for me though!Also know that with shared bathrooms you will hear more noise as people leave their rooms in the morning to use the bathroom.The hotel's proximity to Union Square, a major subway hub, makes it easy to get anyplace within 20-30 minutes. 24 hour Duane Reade drugstore, restaurants and delis all within a block away on 3rd Ave.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great value 	Stayed at Hotel 17 in August 2009 (5 nights).Staff is very friendly. Our room was a bit small but ok for the price (looking outside the window we could see... a wall). We had a shared bathroom - there are many of them in the corridors and we never waited to use them. And they were very clean.	
Nov 14 2009 	Good location and not too bad a price	I liked this hotel. It was in a great location, a couple of minutes walk from Union Square, where all the subway lines meet up.The room was basic but clean. It really depends on what you want. If you want a relaxing stay in your hotel room kind of holiday then why go to NYC? If you want a place to sleep at night, and maybe watch TV for an hour or so before bed this hotel is fine. You do have to share a bathroom in most cases, however the bathrooms were clean, and I never waited long to use the shower or anything. Also there is a washbasin in each room which is handy for brushing your teeth and so on.The room was air conditioned, however if you're not sure about the heating (its hidden away a bit, and was switched off in my room) I would advise you to ask for assistance, but it does work!Overall this hotel was fine, and in a great location for seeing the real part of NY (i.e. the village and Lower East side, and West Village) - rather than the touristy times square district. I particularly liked the fact that it was located in a neighborhood within easy reach of everything including cheap cafes and small delis etc...some used by NYU students so you really did get good value.Many hotels of similar price and nature are stuck above 90th st in the upper west side for example. This hotel, is in a far better location, particularly if seeing the interesting, buzzing neighborhoods of NY is more your thing. Plus there is a nice park across the road.	
Nov 7 2009 	Confusing and unhelpful staff but good location	Good location for exploring Manhatten. Rooms were clean and adequately (although by no means lavishly) equipped with towels and toiletries. However, staff don't seem to be trained in the most basic of procedures (using the credit card machine correctly) nor in customer service (issueing apologies when things go wrong can make all the difference chaps!) And don't expect the manager to reply should you email him with any comments / compaints. The vibe here is that they really couldn't care less!Nice hotel; shame about the service.	
Nov 5 2009 	Funky! Simple but lots of character!	Shared Washroom wasnt a problem at all, and it was always clean, you never had to wait to use it either :) The room was very simple, but you had your own sink and mirror, Cable TV and a decent bed. it was in a good location - walking distance to everything. Staff was friendly, and the hotel was quiet.	
Nov 3 2009 	Clean quiet and easy to park on the street!	This is the second time I stayed here with my husband and again it was just what we needed. I attend a banquet every October at the National Arts Club with is only a couple of blocks from this hotel. If you keep driving around the block you can find a space which is free as long as you aren't there for street sweeping which is posted everywhere. Tip:take your shower early, the pressure ran out before my husband took his! Shared bathrooms are very clean and usually no waiting. If you don't need internet in the room, it only works in the lobby and you have to sit on the floor or the front steps, then this is just a nice quiet, clean place to sleep during your trip to the city.	
Oct 29 2009 	Clean and comfortable.	Rooms were much bigger than they looked in the pictures. Had to share a bathroom but they were cleaned regularly and I never had to wait and the price reflected the fact you had to share. Large tv in the room and a wash basin , mirror etc. Plenty of towels. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Close to the subway, an excellent location.	
Oct 1 2009 	Truly awful find somewhere else!	I was really shocked by how terrible this hotel was. It is small, dark and dingy and looks as though it hasn't been refurbished for a good fifty years. The corridors were very narrow and the bathrooms were tiny and badly lit. The rooms themselves smelt musty and the air conditioning units were so loud we had to use ear plugs to sleep.There was no breakfast available and the one, ancient lift felt very unsafe and was frustratingly slow. From the moment we walked through the door the staff were incredibly rude and unprofessional. Not only did they not apologise for not having the room available which we had reserved but they then took ages to put up a rickety old camp bed in our room which was already tiny. Although it is billed as being right on top of all the restaurants and bars of St Marks Place, it is easily a ten minute walk to get anywhere, even if you're a fast walker!And to make matters worse, it wasn't even cheap. I could have stayed in a youth hostel, paid less, had a much nicer room and much friendlier service!	
Sep 30 2009 	Nice little hotel	I spent a week at the Hotel 17, New York City. As far as the decor and overall image of the place goes, think the Pricilla Hotel in the movie Thoroughly Modern Millie. I half expected Mrs Meers to pop up behind the reception desk asking if I was all alone in the world and I kept an ear cocked for the laundry basket with the sqeaky wheel coming down the corridor ! However, once I got used to not having a bathroom or even a sink in my room I began to see the benefits of staying there. It's cheap but clean and the staff seemed very friendly and knowlegable about New York City. The location is great, just down from 3rd Avenue and 3 blocks from Union Square. My room was small as was the bed and rather dark with just one overhead light and one small bedside lamp. There was a TV . However it was very quiet and the air con. worked well. Overall a good, basic experience and I would stay there again.	
Sep 22 2009 	The perfection !	For the price, this hotel is a Gem !!! I stayed there 3 nights in September. I'm not able to find even one negative point. It's very quiet, clean, perfect good, very good price.	
Sep 19 2009	Manhattan Gem	I have stayed here more than once and most of what I have to say is good. For the prices they charge and what you get, is what makes this a great NYC hotel. ROOMS- Be prepared, the rooms are small and some don't have private bath but very clean and decorated well in a sometimes quirky way. BATHROOM- Some rooms have and some have not. The private ones are a good size in accordance to the room size. The shared ones are kept well maintained.LOCATION- If you want to keep away from the hustle &amp; bustle of Gotham at night, then this area is the little oasis away from it all. Near several small parks like Gramercy, Stuyvesant &amp; Union square. If you are looking to go up, mid or downtown then the subway is minutes away. In walkable distance to Madison, Tompkins &amp; Washington squares.PARKING- No parking on site but a few handy underground garages nearby. You are looking at paying about $45 per night.FRONT DESK- Usually quick service without the line-ups of larger hotels but one time they told me they over-booked and asked me to stay at their other hotel on 31st. After driving many hours and already finding parking, I told them that this would not do and demanded that they honor my reservation. After they figured I wasn't going to move, they miraculously found me a room. Bicycle rentals are nearby across 3rd avenue on 17th st. Unless you're looking to stay near the nightlife of Times Square /Midtown/ theatre district, then this is a perfect budget choice.	
Sep 14 2009 	Still Great Value in NYC	Having just spent a night here after a gap of 30 months since the last stay, I am pleased to report that Hotel 17 is still great value for it's location. As well as value, the service is friendly, the rooms are clean and internet is now free (get a room on the 2nd floor if you need wireless access from your room). Don't be put off by the shared bathrooms - the condition of them is fine, they are well cleaned, and we never needed to wait to take a shower. Manhattan is not a cheap place to sleep - Hotel 17 continues to provide a good value choice so you can save the dollars for some good food and shopping !	
Sep 11 2009 	Charming Hotel Good Location Recommended for Budget Travelers	I stayed at Hotel 17 for three nights, and I was really satisfied with my stay. It is a 2-3 minute walk away from the J line on 14th street, and it's in a good neighborhood. The single room was small but adequate. More importantly, it was clean. The shared bathrooms were not much of a problem; I rarely saw anyone else and there was always a vacant bathroom when I needed one. They were spotlessly cleaned daily.A couple of points to consider:-My room did not have a sink. Some rooms at similar hotels have had in-room sinks. Other rooms at Hotel 17 may have them - I'm not sure.-There were people sitting in the stairwells on their laptops, apparently to get a better internet signal. The wireless signal I picked up in my room worked.-The front desk staff is quite friendly and helpful. The staff and housekeepers are dressed like traditional hotel workers which is quite charming.-There was nothing sketchy about the neighborhood or the hotel.-They have luggage storage for the day you check out, in case you are taking a later train/flight.As long as their rates stay reasonable, I would definitely recommend this hotel and will likely be visiting again.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Location Great value	We stayed here for four nights in mid-August -- I chose it primarily for its location, as I used to live in that neighbourhood and wanted to be close to that and the East and West Villages, and for that it was definitely perfect. We made sure to get a private bathroom, and the room was absolutely fine: just big enough, somewhat gloomy and eccentrically decorated (where do they source that wallpaper from?!) but clean and, most importantly in a NYC heatwave, cool. The staff were never less than helpful and courteous and I'd definitely not only recommend it but go back there. My only niggle was that when booking many months in advance, I'd asked for a room with a view (well, I thought it was worth a shot) and instead got a second-floor room with a window looking out over a verrrrry narrow alleyway. Still, that's about the only bad thing I can say about it: otherwise it was excellent value for money, very central and very comfortable. And, interestingly, very quiet. Despite the predominately young crowd we'd see coming in and out through the foyer and hanging round, we never heard a soul during the night. Great stuff.	
Aug 28 2009	Great place to stay during Mother-Daughter trip	Awesome value! I travelled to NYC with my 19-year old daughter and not once during our six night stay did we worry about safety. The shared bathrooms were cleaned often through the day and always available when needed. We found Mariella's Pizza just around the corner and enjoyed their slices almost every day. The subway is located within easy walking distance. On most days, we found either an open air market or art show at Union Square. Am planning a return trip and will not hesitate to stay at Hotel 17 again.	
Aug 25 2009 	So cute so affordable great location!	We were only in NY for two nights but staying here made it very comfortable. The staff was friendly, the rooms were CRAZY clean (the mattresses are brand new and wrapped in special plastic), the location is great -near Union Square so easy to get everywhere in NYC via the subways. Delis, pizza places, restaurants, and a liquor store all right around the corner. I will absolutely stay here again!	
Aug 21 2009 	Perfect low budget hotel - Even though the shared bathroom!	I went to NY due to intervies for a job. The concierge staff were very friendly and helpful where to go and what to recommend. Sure the room was perhaps not very fancy but it had everything I needed and the rooms towards the garden were quiet. The AC was a bit loud though but after being awake for about 18h that did not bother my sleep. Even though the bathrooms are shared, you could never see that anyone had been there prior to you (unless they closed the door after taking a long shower). The location was perfect! Subway station max 10 min away, internet cafe 3 blocks away, many beauty salons and restaurants close by. I love to walk so therefore I walked through half of NY and noticed that the location of the hotel was much closer to everything than I thought. Definitly a pleasant experience, and I would definitly visit Hotel 17 in the future! :)	
Aug 16 2009 	Great location hotel with lots of character	We stayed at Hotel 17 for one night and were pretty pleased. It was recommended by Lonely Planet and I find with them you can never go terribly wrong. The place had a lot of character, and even though you had to share a bathroom the facilities were always clean and I never had to wait. The only thing was that the air conditioner was quite loud and not the most effective, and the Internet was pretty patchy. The location definitely made up for it though.. even though it's near a few bustling streets, it was very quiet with lots of restaurants and cafes, and a couple of parks near by with live music and street vendors. From a recommendation off of another Hotel 17 reviewer, we headed to Sunburst which was a great deal for the huge breakfast we had. In general it was a pleasant stay and I'd definitely go back.	
Aug 10 2009	EXCELLENT BUDGET HOTEL!	This is an excellent hotel for those on a budget. I just spent two nights there with my teenage daughter. While the shared bathroom is a bit of a problem (reminds me of being in a college dorm), we never had a problem getting access. The hotel is clean and it is located in a very quiet neighborhood, but not far from Union Square with access to the wonderful mass transportation system. Its greatest asset is, of course, the price. I spent the same amount of money there that I spent when I first started going to New York on a regular basis . . . over fifteen years ago. I would highly recommend this hotel for someone on a tight budget (and who isn't these days?) and willing to share a bathroom.	
Aug 3 2009 	Good hotel for its price can definitely recommend	Not a special hotel, but very clean (common bathrooms) and convenient location, good value for money! I stayed for the weekend as a single traveler and as such can definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good value for NYC	We stayed here for a week in November 2008. This is the third time I had been to the NYC. The first time I stayed in the W at Times Square and to be frank I though Hotel 17 was only slightly below par to the W (or course the W has its own bathroom). Given this, I will take the extra cash and spend it on a nice dinner or new clothes. The room was clean, quiet and an ok size. Bathrooms always clean and never had to wait. Staff were courteous enough. I will stay again.	
Jul 22 2009 	Amazing Budget Hotel in great location - not gunna lie!	So, I am an 18 year old young woman from Toronto who decided to take a few days and travel to NYC and I am SO glad I chose this hotel. It wasn't obviously the most glamourous of places and I just got the single room with shared bathroom. There are four bathrooms on each floor and I never encountered a problem with accessing the bathroom once. The walls were a little bit thin and you faintly hear your neighbours, but thats to be expected I guess in an older building. VERY small elevator, but it has its charm. The staff was very friendly and I left my luggage there after I checked out for the day before I went to the airport and they took care of it no problem. About a 7 minute walk from Union Square 14th street station, which is great, close to 3rd avenue and they recommended a place nearby for breakfast, I think it was called Stardust cafe or something? They had good breakfast, a little pricey though. Oh, and I couldnt get the AC to work, which wasn't really a problem for me. Overall it was a great value for what I needed it for.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great value location	Stayed in a single room with sink and shared bathroom. Room was oddly shaped, but clean, quiet, and a cool place to relax. The hotel itself was was quiet, with great character and helpful desk staff. The shared bathroom was clean (although, on one occasion, quite wet) and not as inconvenient as I worried it would be. The location is great - nice neighbourhood and close to the subway - and for the price, an excellent value.	
Jul 14 2009 	Can't wait to go back	Stayed here for 8 nights with a couple of friends in a triple room. It's dark and art deco, oozing with character and charm. Basic but brilliant. Staff are friendly but unintrusive, shared bathroom always spotless and rarely busy. Free fast wifi in the room, comfy bed, clean sheets, yeah!I spent days hunched over the computer looking for the perfect budget hotel for the trip of a lifetime and found it at Hotel 17. Close to the dive bars of East Village, shops of Soho, with a dinky diner on the corner that serves pancakes 24/7.Can't wait to go back again to this wee gem. Miss it madly!	
Jul 9 2009 	Small but brilliant	I have stayed at this hotel 2 times. Both times for 5 days and I really loved it. The staff is very helpfull and can help you with anything and it is located near to the best breakfast place in town, Sunburst. The location is great for first time visitors as it is in the middle of many great things and still near the subway. The rooms are small but very nice and the hotel really got some personality. The shared bathrooms were clean and there are enough of them. So if you are looking for a cheap, but cozy place to stay I would recommend this hotel anytime.	
Jul 4 2009 	awesome	this place delivered brilliant times.staff dont bother you, infact you hardly know they are even there.awesome location near the trendy east village and alphabet city for groovy dukebox classics, dive bars and trendy types - close enough to stumble home at 8am.nyc is pretty small so you can easily walk to soho or the west village, and the subway is easy aswell.hotel 17 - great price, cool rooms straight out of a movie and just one street from uma thurmans ouse - cant go wrong!	
Jul 4 2009 	Great would stay there again	Great place to stay in NY.Cheap and cheerful.Our room was on the 6th floor and was very spacious. Staff are very friendly and helpful. Bathrooms were always clean, which is great since they're shared. Location is excellent. One thing that was annoying was that it was always very hot in our room, but we didn't spend much time in there anyway. But yeah, would definitely stay there again :) x	
Jun 17 2009 	Tiny but great for the price	I've stayed in many hotels in several countries and these were surely the smallest rooms I've seen. There's the bed, and a few feet to walk around in. That's not nessecarily a bad thing, as I spent very little time in the room, but for people looking to lounge around or watch tv, look elsewhere. The communal bathroom was always clean and never busy, it wasn't an issue at all. The smoking sections of the hotel did smell, but it didnt carry over to our wing. This place isn't really conveniently located to any of the &quot;big&quot; tourist attractions, but is only about 5 minutes walk from a fairly major subway station (Union). Also, since it's in the heart of the city, there are tons and tons of restaurants around to pick from. I always felt safe in the area, and we were walking around at 3am; plenty of lights. The service staff was very helpful, polite and always there. There are some live in residents and they can be kind of eccentric, but that adds to the NY atmosphere. Overall an awesome, fun little find for a cheap stay as long as you don't mind cramped quarters and giving up some of the luxuries of fancier hotels.	
May 15 2009 	Picking Up Daughter from NYU	My wife and I recently spent 3 nights at the Hotel 17 and had a wonderful experience. We were in NY to help our daughter pack up after her first year in college. We found the Hotel met all our needs. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Our room (612) was a double and was laid out quite nicely and very sunny. The closet/shelving unit was big enough to store our suitcases, encased a nice television and helped keep the room uncluttered. We had a separate area for a pedestal sink with mirror and blow dryer. Our room was at the end of a quaint narrow hallway, but the shared bathroom seemed only a few step away. The bathrooms were always extremely clean and we never had to wait...there are two on each floor. Hotel 17 is located in a great part of NYC. Union Square is a couple of blocks away. There is a very pretty park across the street towards 2nd Ave. Washington Square and Greenwich Village is less than a 10 minute walk; the East Village is even closer. As in most areas of NY, there a lots a good restaurants nearby. We got coffee and a light breakfast at Corbet Conley, just down 17th St. across 3rd Ave and would eat in our room. The hotel has a nice feel to it and is very well maintained. The single elevator, though slow, puts you back into another era. We found the best prices for rooms were to book on their website. My wife stayed her in March and they had a multi-night special. The same was true for the current trip. I would not hesitate to stay here again on our next trip to NY.	
May 12 2009 	Second time and still satisfying	This review is about my second stay in Hotel 17 in April 2009. As same as my previous stay, I really enjoyed my choice of Hotel 17 again. This time we -three people- stayed in a non-smoking room which is bigger and has a better window view than smoking rooms. I can say that Hotel 17 is-clean-safe-central-friendly-close to public transport-fairly pricedAlthough my trip was in April, the weather was very hot (app. 32C). The air conditioners were noisy and not working properly. We opened the windows. Luckily the window has a mesh. The location is very nice and 8 minutes walk to Union Square Subway Station. There are nice cafes and restaurant around. When we were arriving, we asked for a cab. The receptionist arranged it and it took 40$ to La Guardia Airport. Actually it was not that difficult to go to the airport by public transportation, but one of my friends had a huge suitcase. We stayed in a room with a shared bathroom. But it was not a problem. It was clean and mostly available.	
May 2 2009 	Had an enjoyable stay	My sister-in-law and I visited New York in April 2009. We stayed in Hotel 17 for 5 nights and had an enjoyable stay. The hotel is clean, rooms are clean and the shared bathrooms are also very clean, which was our main concern. They were always available, in fact, we hardly met any other guests in the halls at all, only by the reception or in the elevator. The reception area and the halls are quite small. First night we stayed on the 7th floor and had one double bed. The next morning talked to James about possibly getting a room with two single beds, and we did (thank you James, that was much better), moved to the first floor, room 111. It was a little bit more spacious, and a bit on the cool side for some reason, which turned out to be great because it was hot that weekend and was nice coming to a cool room. The hotel is in a quiet and nice neighborhood, I was waking up to the sound of birds chirping every day (that was a surprise... did not expect that in NYC). The hotel is simple, does not have much as far as extras (with so many European travelers I thought it could at least have an electric adapter... costs only $6 bucks or so, we had to buy it to charge our cell phones... should have left it there for them, no use for it now)... no coffee, etc... but it served our basic needs and if we needed an extra towell or a blanket, or even an electric heater one night, we had it within 5 minutes. There is a great little mexican place behind the corner on 3rd Street called Paquito's, good food. Location is great, 3 or 4 blocks from the subway at Union Square to take you pretty much everywhere. Good shopping at Union Square as well. Over all - great place for the price, had a nice stay there.	
Apr 30 2009 	nice 	Stayed here last year on a weeks holiday in New York.We had a double room with shared bathroom and it was a very pleasant stay. The shared bathrooms (two on our corridor) were always empty even though the hotel was full and they were always in great condition.The thing I really liked about this hotel was it's character and old fashioned charm. Apparently a scene from a Woody Allen film was filmed here and I can see why, the lift especially, looks like something straight out of an old american movie. So when you pair that with the lovely location (nice and safe &amp; only 5 minutes walk from union square) it's a great base to explore New York.one tip though:If you're going there around September time prepare yourself for the very hot subway stations, we didn't factor in how humid and hot it would be (coming from Ireland) so we had to ditch all our jeans and buy light clothes!	
Apr 25 2009 	Basic room stench in the corridor	We stayed at the Hotel 17 in New York City for 3 nights. Our room was clean, no bed bugs. The shared bathroom also was clean, however narrow. Free wireless internet access, but slow and unstable. Don't expect any other amenities, there is no breakfast etc. In the part of the hallway close to our room a strong urine stench was present during our whole stay. If you are exploring Manhatten during the whole day and only stay at the hotel for some hours over night, this is a good location for you. The rates are reasonable, especially for good location and if you can have some percent off on their website even better.	
Apr 21 2009 	Book this hotel now!	location - downtown Manhattanpublic transport - Union Square is 5 mins walk (can get everywhere from here)room - clean, comfortable with a double bed, sink, tv and safebathroom - 2 on every hallway but never had to wait for one and was ALWAYS cleandefinitely value for money for where it is!	
Apr 20 2009 	Comfortable and convenient for the price	My friend and I stayed here for five nights in March. It is definitely a boutique style hotel, the wallpaper in the room was definitely bright and it was quirky. We had a twin room which consisted of a double and single bed. My bed was comfortable but very squeaky, but the place was exceptionally clean. I was initally concerned about the shared bathroom situation, as all patrons on each floor have two bathrooms to share. The bathrooms were cleaned regularly and I did not encounter anything unpleasant at all - it is just important that you remember your swipe card as you would not want to lock youself out of your room wearing just a towel! The same went for the toilets, they were exceptionally clean. Our room had a TV, two large windows which opened up to air the room, an airconditioner which we did not use, a dressing table with large mirror as well as hairdryer, and small wash sink with mirror. Overall we could walk from the hotel to the subway in 3 minutes and could walk to Times Square in 30 mins. We walked the entire time and only used the Subway once and we saw everything we wanted to during that time, from Brooklyn to Greenwich Village etc. There are two great diners very near the hotel which serve amazing pancakes - an authentic American diner experience and a great way to fuel your walking each day. There are also some cute little bars very nearby as well. Oh just one point - I think other reviewers have mentioned this - internet access looked to me quite bad in the rooms based on seeing some people sitting in the stairwell with laptops so perhaps this is not great if you want to take your laptop along!All staff on reception were very helpful and even called the shuttle company to book my bus for me for my very early flight out of the US - this was only $15-20 and saved me lots of money on a taxi.	
Apr 19 2009 	Lone female travellers- excellent	I stayed here in mid April 2009 and was not disappointed. The neighbourhood is lively and within easy reach of transport. The single rooms are small, but cosy and quiet too- a rare thing in New York! I had a single room without a sink then moved to a single room with a sink- either way the shared facilities are really clean and I was never waiting for the bathroom. It's a budget hotel, clean comfortable and i'd recommend it to lone female travellers as the staff were really helpful.	
Apr 19 2009 	Perfect for the money	Paid $136 for three adults sharing (two beds). Sink in room. Shared bathrooms, clean but bring your own towel (provided in rooms) to dry your hands. After a long day of walking around manhattan pleasantly relieved to find the room smelling fresh and clean. Quiet at night time. Safe neighborhood. $10 to get a cab to times square for the three of us. I thought the room was every bit as nice as one in the Edison Hotel I was in in 07. Bigger even but no bathroom of course. The free internet did not work in our room. When we asked about this they told us that it only worked on the first floor. There are no seats in the tiny lobby to hang around on.We used the parking garage and found the staff there very nice and helpful. Overall a very good experience.	
Apr 14 2009	Perfect inexpensive neighborhood hotel - Best Hotel Value for $ in NYC	Two of us stayed for 5 nights at the end of March in a room 217 with a single and double bed and couldn't have been more pleased. I wanted to stay in a neighborhood setting and not spend much money because we would hardly ever be in our room. We shared a bathroom right across the hall which worked perfectly - we never saw anyone else use it , it was spotless and there was a sink , hairdryer and two mirrors in our room. The lobby was quaint and I loved all the dark wood trim throughout. We laughed about the fact that the only noise we heard in our room came from birds in the morning - no traffic noise. The room looked better than what we saw on the website. We'd stay there again for sure.	
Apr 13 2009 	Basic but good value	I stayed here for 4 days. Was suprised to find such good value. I paid 200 pounds for 4 nights. Apart from a dorm room bed I found nothing else approaching that for value.The place itself is clean but basic with a shared bathroom. Free wifi but very patchy.Great location. Nice little cafe called the sunburst 1 min walk away on 18th St. Was good for breakfast.To be honest I'd much rather stay somewhere with more luxurious facilities but when i run the numbers I just cannot justify the extra cost. Really good option to know about.I'm going to give it 5/5 because it is great to have as an option and it does what it does brilliantly. Just know what to expect though - a clean, small room in a great location with no trimmings and shared bathrooms.	
Apr 6 2009 	Convenient location good option for budget travelers	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in March 2009. It is just a few blocks away from Union Square, so the location is very good, close to the subway station and within walking distance to many restaurants and several delis. I had a single room on the 4th floor overlooking 17th street. My room was tiny but the truth is that you hardly spend any time in the room when you go to Manhattan. The room had a sink, soap, towels, shampoo, conditioner and a hair dryer. The room was never made up unless I put the &quot;please make up the room&quot; sign on the door.Internet is complimentary but service failed everyday.There are 2 bathrooms per floor, and they were always kept very clean. I never had any trouble finding an empty bathroom. The heating wasn't enough during the coldest days, and it was turned off during daytime during the warmest days. It wasn't turned on again until late in the evening so when I returned to the room at around 7 pm it was very cold and the receptionist offered me an extra blanket.Service at the reception desk was always very polite and professional. I would definitely stay there again and I highly recommend it for a solo traveler or couple in search of an affordable and good hotel in Manhattan.	
Mar 29 2009 	Very good value for our money considering room size and location	Stayed on the 6th floor in a 2 room with 2 beds, facing 17 Street, decent view, not noisy. Paid about $150 US/night. The room was spacious and clean, there wasample shampoo, soap, towels. The room was quite attractive, with hard paneling, faux fireplace, beautiful high ceiling, not like the blue wallpaper room shown on tripadvisor. Two shared bathrooms on the floor, was never a problem finding a free one or both. The hotel has an elevator.The hotel is just off of 3 Ave, which has interesting cafes and shops going north, and it's close to other shops and cafes going west on 17th St. I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 9 2009 	clean safe place	I visited this hotel in October 2008 as part of a two week holiday to the US. The hotel is easy to find and within safe walking distance to the subway; it is set in a quiet street; there is a supermarket very close by as well as various coffee shops etc. The room was small and quite dark because of all the dark panelling; there was also no view to speak of since the wall of the next building was 30 cms away and I had to crane my neck to see the sky but this is New York after all. There was heating in the room but it was spurrious. The rooms also have a sink and tv, safe and alarm clock. Everything was very clean. The bathroom was a little outdated but also clean. don't expect much from the staff on the front desk; there really wasn't much customer service to speak of. Be aware that they swipe your credit card through the machine when you check in, and swipe it again when you check out, although they only charge you once. I also had a rather unpleasant surprise in that the price I booked with did not contain the city tax which was added on (another $150 or so at the time!). The hotel IS expensive for what you get but it is in a good location and it IS in NY...	
Feb 11 2009	Fantastic!	OK, it is not luxurious but it is cosy, very clean and the location is spot on! I cannot believe how lucky I was to find it! I highly recommend it!	
Jan 30 2009	Perfect location and hotel	Excellent location, just off Union Square and Stuyvesant Park. 5 minutes on foot from Washington Square Park and greenwich Village, 15 minutes on foot from Penn Station and Empire State Buliding.It's in a &quot;real&quot; part of NYC; i.e. people actaully live in all the buildings nearby and walk there dogs at all hours.The rooms have real character, reception is very friendly.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great Value for the Price	I was initially reluctant to stay at this hotel. All of my previous visits to NY had me staying in well known, name brand chains, mostly in mid-town. But with sky-high prices I decided to give the Hotel 17 a try. Everything was represented honestly without any surprises. I was traveling alone so I got a single room. Yes, it was small, but no different than what you might find in London at an economy/tourist class B&amp;B. The room itself was clean, the shared bathrooms on the floor even cleaner. Never a wait to use one. The only downside was being an older building with central heating, the automatic heating unit really warmed up the (small) room, so I had to crack the window open to let in some fresh air. Also, my room did not have a sink/wash basin-apparently, some don’t come with it so be sure to ask if your room has one. Location was great-close to subway and plenty of local, neighborhood restaurants. No street noise could be heard even with the window open, so a quiet and pleasant night’s sleep was easy to come by. Staff friendly.	
Jan 24 2009 	Great rates close to hospital	When my husband was recently hospitalized, I needed to stay in NYC and wanted to keep my costs down. What luck to find Hotel 17, with single rate at $95. At first, I was hesitant about the shared bathroom, but I never had to wait and the bathrooms were always clean. The front desk staff was most helpful, and I would definitely stay again.	
Jan 7 2009 	good price/quality ratio	Stayed here for 3 nights mid December with my soon to be wife. Based on former reviews, we didn’t know what to expect. Hotel 17 turned out to be the best of the 2 hotels we stayed in during our 5 days in NY (first time in NY, other hotel was Ye Old Carlton Arms). Yes , it is dark, the reception guy is a bit weird and the rooms have funky wallpaper, but the rooms are clean, have a TV and our (tiny but cosy room, 412) had a sink in the room. Shared bathrooms (2 per floor) were spotless, and no waiting issues.Our room was located at the back of the hotel and therefore it was very quiet (even heard birds in the morning).Only down part, as stated in an other review, due to a gusting icy wind, the wind blew true the air conditioner, creating a cold draft. (put a piece of the cupboard in front of it which worked out fine).So, in short, no this is not a 4 star hotel, it is a bit rough around the edges, but has a great location and definitely a good price/quality ratio. Would definitely stay here again on my next visit.	
Jan 5 2009 	Perfect hotel great location....affordable. What more do you need?	Can't really say enough about this hotel. Perfect location, short little walk to Union Square. Staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms large and never a wait for the bathrooms (which were always clean). Will be back in the future, no questions asked.	
Jan 5 2009	Very nice place	We stayed in the hotel 17 for four nights after staying in another hotel before. Although the hotel 17 was cheaper the room was much bigger. We expected unrenovated rooms (looked like that at the pictures with all this strange wallpapers) but last renovation has not been long ago. Also the location was much better than the first one. This is not a five star deluxe hotel but we did not expact that. So all in all it was a very nice, clean, well located and excellent value for money hotel in New York. Would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 13 2008 	Would stay again	Great location and price - I would definately stay here again. Although the decor is very dated and dark the hotel was spotless and the room was cleaned every day on request. I never had a problem with the shared bathrooms and again these were spotless - there was also a basin in the room.Only thing I didnt like was the heat - it was overpowering at times in the room and there is no way to turn this down. Although the week I spent here was 'unseasonably cold' I had to sleep with the window open and no covers just to be comfortable.Definately worth the money though.	
Dec 12 2008 	Excellent Location	We stayed at Hotel 17 during a short trip to New York. It is well located in mid-town so we were within walking distance of all the major attractions and there are plenty of 24-hr eateries nearby. The hotel itself has a slightly spooky feel to it but this apparently attracts film-makers to shoot there. I was a bit worried about using shared bathroom facilities but the toilets and showers were spotless and I never had to wait to use the facilities. Would definitely recommend it if you are on a budget.	
Dec 9 2008 	Good Price Good Location Nice Staff	My second stay there. First time was July Fourth weekend 2008, this time in early December during the pre-Christmas high season. Good price for the room -- $120 Sat night, $110 Sunday. I think it may actually have been under $100/night when I was there during the Summer. Beware that NY hotel taxes added another $40 to the stay. Both times I was in a single w/ shared private bath. Very small room -- I estimate about 110 - 120 sq ft., dark and no view but it was clean, the staff was nice, and the hotel was in a good location. Note that other pension-type hotels I've stayed in have included a sink in the room. Not so here. Also, I stayed on the third floor, A-side (specifically, room 306) and it was pretty apparent that some jerk had relieved himself in the hallway -- pervasive urine smell.The hotel's in the Gramercy Park neighborhood of lower Manhattan, just north of the East Village. Close to NYU. No room service or dining facilities but plenty of restaurants and bars nearby and there's a Duane Reade drugstore a couple of blocks away that's open 'til midnight and a Whole Foods supermarket on 14th (three short blocks away, the hotel's on 17th). The subway's nearby on 14th St &amp; 3d Ave, but the NYC subway system's a bit inscrutable and I found myself walking to the 23d St or 8th St stations for more direct access the to the line that goes uptown. BTW -- notwithstanding the reputation of the locals, they were quite helpful in deciphering the subway system. If you're a walker, Manhatten's flat and the Soho, Chinatown, Little Italy, and Tribeca neighborhoods are an easy walk South, and as mentioned above, the hotel's on the North edge of the East Village. Similarly, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, and Herald Square (think Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade) are a pretty easy walk North. I also walked to Times Square and Rockefeller Center (to the North) and the Financial District (to the South) but next time, will likely take the subway or a cab.	
Nov 30 2008 	Location cant be beaten	Stayed for 5days at Hotel 17 and would recomend it for location and price. Single rooms are small and basic and these rooms dont have an ensiute or a sink. I cant say i agree with other reviewers about the sharing bathrooms not being a problem. Only 2 showers per floor and having to constanly check to see if their free can be a bit of a pain. Rooms are clean and cleaned daily.Location is fab, a real neighbourhood with plenty of cafes, shops, bars and excellent places for evening meals. Would go back if i could manage to grab a room with its own shower, may sound petty but after 5days you really miss having your own private space.	
Nov 25 2008 	Brrrr.	My experience doesn't seem to be representative of other reviews here, but I was disappointed by my stay at Hotel 17. The first room that I checked into had a very noisy pipe right next to the bed, and a noticeable draught coming from the air-con unit in the window. To their credit, the hotel switched my room without any fuss. However the other room had exactly the same problem with a huge draught coming from the window and air-con unit. I cannot exaggerate quite how cold this was at this time of year. I tried to block the draught with a bag of clothes, and when I retrieved it in the morning it was utterly stone cold. The draught could not be compensated for by the radiator which was on full blast under the window, and I spent a rather cold night wearing many layers and a hat under a thin sheet and thin foam(!) &quot;blanket&quot;.In summer however I doubt that any of this would be a problem.The other negative was that despite having a safe and tv in the room, there were no cupboards, shelves or hangers of any description! I found this incredible. Anyone staying here for more than one night would begin to tire of living out of a suitcase.Lastly, the decor of the hotel was a hideous dark floral pattern, which gave the whole place an oppresive and claustrophobic air.To the hotel's credit, the staff were friendly and helpful, and the place seemed clean, including the shared bathrooms.Overall however I am glad that I was only booked into this hotel for one night, as the cold was simply unacceptable.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great Choice For Those Who Know Better	Had to spend a night in NYC, and came here to look at the best deals for value and cleanliness. Having lived or worked in the East Village for five years in the mid 90's, I knew that for under $150 a night staying at the Hotel 17 was going to be a major money-saving coup, and it WAS. The hotel itself was clean and the overall atmosphere was nice-- victorian decor, earth tones, and low-lit. My room was small but had exactly what I needed-- a bed, some working heat pipes, and a TV. The bathroom, a shared one down the hall, was very clean and available whenever I needed it. I knew the location(Stuyvesant) well, and it was close to all my favorite downtown restaurants (including Veniero's, a fantastic Italian pastry shop on e11th street).Let's face it, some of people, when rating hotels, expect their own personal masseuse and don't fully understand how great of a deal this place actually is. It's within a 10 minute walking distance of one of the greatest places in the world-- the East Village, and people are complaining about trifles. Let them go uptown and spend $300 a night in one of those touristy jobs and spend yet more in overpriced presumptious restaurants. I'll take the Hotel 17 and the East Village anyday.	
Nov 23 2008 	Good Value	Stayed here last week and would definitely do so again. Booked via the website, called to confirm twice before arrival -fearing the botched reservation stories on tripadvisor- but no issues with my reservation at all so the calls were likely not needed. Convenient, safe eastside neighbourhood. My room 109 was in good shape...very clean &amp; new sink, wall fixtures and TV. I booked a &quot;non-smoking&quot; room but there was an ashtray in there nonetheless. I also noticed the ashcan in the hallway. Luckily, neither the room nor the hallway smelled of smoke (perhaps I was just lucky to be on a floor without smokers, judging from the previous review). Noise was not an issue...again, I might have just been on a quiet floor. Two things I mentioned to them: no hooks to hang wet towels in the room, and would be nice to have robe/slippers to get to the shared bathroom (given the size of the towels you get, better not be too modest!). Other than that I was very satisfied. Highly recommended.	
Nov 21 2008 	Good night's sleep at reasonable price	Our room had a private bath which was modern and very clean. Quaint hotel on very quiet street centrally located near Union Square suited us perfect. Stayed 6 nites and were very comfortable.The room is one of the smaller ones I have stayed in. Don't expect a fabulous view from the window and the selection of channels from the tiny tv were limited, however we found the whole hotel very clean, the staff friendly, and I would recommend this to a friend.	
Nov 16 2008 	The whole place reeks like an ashtray	Indeed, Hotel 17 is cheap. And because of all the raving reviews here, I booked it for me and my friend to stay for four nights.Immediately when we entered we noticed the smell of cigarets. In every hallway there are many ashtrays, inviting people to smoke. I'm not fussy, but find it very strange that no one else would notice this horrible smell.The third night we could not sleep because our neighbours had the a/c on all night, which caused a factory-like noise in our room. The reason they used the a/c was because the heating system had been turned on and is in no way controllable by the guests. So the only way to make your room not so hot, is turning on the a/c. Not very eco-friendly and terribly noisy.When we asked for another room because of the noise, the staff member would sigh and sigh until he finally said: well ok, but the other room will probably be just as bad.Say what???? Cheap yes, neigbourhood fine, recommendable no.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great value for New York	4 of us arrived around 9pm and were back out for 9.30 checked in and unpacked very quick check in.The rooms are very dated and basic but 4 lads on a long weekend trip it was all we needed and compared to most of the other hotels the price was very reasonable for new york. The bathrooms are shared but must be cleaned all the time as they were spotless and didnt become an issue at all.Location wise you are very near to union square and within walkin distance to everything in fact the only time we got a cab was to and from the airport and the reception even helped with that overall it was a great hotel and i would reccomend staying there i certainly will be again	
Nov 15 2008 	Great Hotel!!	I recently spent 6 nights at Hotel 17 and had an excellent experience. The hotel is kept very clean (the stairway stank of polish and gleamed when I walked up the stairs) There are shared bathrooms but they are regularly cleaned and I only had one incident where there was water from the shower on the floor (and lets face it how hard is it to keep the water IN the shower people!?) The hotel is located in a pleasant tree lined avenue roughly two blocks from Union Square on one side and the Lower East Side on the other. I always felt safe in the area. The only negatives were the WI-FI only working in the stairwell and occasionally not having hot water in my room but these were minor distractions. Overall all I would recommend this hotel to others and would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 14 2008 	Loved Hotel 17	Unless you're used to 5 star hoels there is no reason in the world to give this place a bad review. Great Hotel, staff and location. I was a little apprehensive of the shared bath but not all the rooms share, some have private so we never had a problem with waiting-it was always spotless. I lived in New York in 2007 so I knew my way around but there's a subway in Union Square which is only a 7-10 minute walk (with shops along the way so be prepeared to be side-tracked!)I'd definitely stay again and would not hesitate to recommend it!	
Oct 31 2008 	Loved it !	Loved my stay at Hotel 17. I spent 5 nights there and will def be going back. Gr8 price,spotless,friendly staff, safe location and within walking distance from all the city has to offer.	
Oct 27 2008 	Love Hotel 17!	Staying at Hotel 17 was probably the best decision I've ever made. Close to Union Square, the East Village and Gramercy Park, I found everything to be either close by or within walking distance. Especially subway stops and some incredible budget restaurant finds.Where the hotel is located, you'll find a safe and quiet street, across from a peaceful park. Great for eating outside and enjoying the ambiance of the neighbourhood.The staff was super friendly and super helpful. Rooms were kept cleaned daily. And though I had reservations about sharing a bathroom with other people, in the end it didn't matter. There was no line ups and the facilities were kept in precise order.I will stay in Hotel 17 in future visits. Highly recommended!	
Oct 21 2008 	Great hotel 	This is a great hotel for the price! The street it's on in the Gramercy neighborhood is quiet and very pretty at night. You can tell a lot of wealth lives on that street. There is a really nice park directly across the street from the hotel.The hotel is kept immaculately clean. I was worried about sharing a bathroom but it was cleaned several times a day and was, honestly, cleaner than my bathroom at home! I plan on going back in a few months and definitely plan on staying there again.	
Oct 20 2008 	The most important part of the reservation: the holding	My friend and I stayed here Oct 17-19th. We requested a non-smoking room with “if available two single beds”. I do understand that there was a chance that I would have had to share a bed because not all the rooms have two beds. However, if a non-smoking room is an option offered by the hotel when the reservation was made, I do feel that a non-smoking room should have been held for us. We were in a smoking room on the third floor with a broken air conditioner and one double bed. We called down to the front desk to ask to have some one look at it (we didn’t need it to cool the room, we needed it to bring some fresh air in!) and after waiting until 12:30am no one showed up. The staff were not friendly or overly helpful. However disappointed we were with the attention paid to our reservation requests we were not dissatisfied with the overall cleanliness or location of the hotel. The room was very clean and the bathrooms were always available and spotless. The bed was comfortable and the pillows, fluffy and fresh. My friend and I felt safe in the neighbourhood, and found the 14th street Subway stop very convenient to travel further uptown or down town. I do not know if the TV worked as, as another reviewer commented, who watches TV while in NYC! I would suggest staying at this hotel if you are somewhat of an independent traveler, appreciate a great deal (and are willing to compromise at times), and want to be in the middle of all NYC has to offer.	
Oct 15 2008 	no frills hotel for a frilly city!	it is a very cute hotel. no frills, but a lot of history.my roommate and i had a triple room (full and twin bed). we paid $90 per night to stay there! a steal in nyc. the staff was a bit uppity, but it is nyc... the bathrooms were always clean.disappointed there wasnt a fridge for left overs. dont know if the tv worked. who watched tv when you go to nyc!the lyric diner on 23rd and 3rd, just a few blocks away, was delish! but wait staff were always cranky.would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 4 2008 	Excellent budget hotel	I love Hotel 17. My sis and I were very concerned with NY's expensive accommodations but we were lucky to find this hotel. The location is great as it's very close to Union Square and the subway. There is M1 bus stop nearby to go straight down to Madison Ave. We felt very safe walking back at night as the neighborhood is very friendly. The hotel itself is decent. It's clean and the shared bathrooms are well maintained. The only downside is the dark hallways and the funny smell of the room spray that they use. I will definitely choose this very same hotel the next time I visit NYC.	
Oct 3 2008 	Good deal	I stayed 2 nights at the Hotel 17.Well, NYC rooms are expensive so finding a room less than 200 bucks was a challeng...The hotel 17 is nice for NYC. (I mean there would be no way me paying 200 dollars for this type of room in any other city but hell... you re in NYC...)--&gt;The room was OK. We had a triple room but our friends staying in a quadruple room had a much better place : bigger room, nicer wall paper, a safe in the room, shelves, and view!-Our room was clean but the wall paper was awful :stripes on one wall, flowers on the other. it was a really choking experience when we turned on the light!Also the ceiling was quite in a bad shape..In the morning we found some paint on the sink...-the bathrooms were surprisingly clean. No complaint about that and the staff would change the bath rug often.-you don t get an iron in your room but can get one from the receptionThe best part of the hotel was the location. Close to Union sq and almost in E village (10 min walk from St mark place).you can t beat this.So I would recommend the place	
Sep 27 2008 	Good location better value than I expected	This was recommended and I was nervous as not near central park and still about $145 a night (including taxes). But the room had good facilities - a hairdryer, TV etc, and the shower and toilet was almost directly across from my room which made that easy.Gramercy Park is a safe feeling, popular area, and Union Square has some good shops and is busy. The room was small but very comfortable.The staff were generally speaking helpful. The subway station was about 3 blocks away so all very easy.	
Sep 21 2008 	My home in New York! You cannot beat this location	I have now stayed at Hotel 17 four times over the last 5 years and until someone points me in the direction of another hotel in this price range in this fantastic location - I'm not going anywhere else!Have found the staff always friendly and helpful, the rooms clean - although this time we were in a very small one! (but you only have to sleep in it, after all! ) And there was never any wait for one of the shared bathrooms.You have Gramercy Park and Greenwich Village right on your doorstep. Close to subway stop, close to gorgeous eateries and left or right out of the front door will take you to an Internet ready Starbucks (the only small niggle - no wifi in-house).If you are looking for luxury - this hotel is not for you. If you want location location location! and value for money - this is the place.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great budget hotel	This place wouldn't win any prizes for its decor but who cares about that when you're in New York City. What is important is that the room was spotlessly clean and the bed was very comfortable. The communal bathrooms were also clean and I only had to wait once or twice during the 8 nights I was there - and I could have gone to one of the many other bathrooms if I wanted to anyway. The air conditioning was a bit noisy but you soon get used to it.It is ideally located, just a short walk from Union Square, where you can take the subway anywhere you want to go, although we walked most places to get a real feel for the city.I paid less for 8 nights in this hotel than I could have paid for 2 nights elsewhere, and I'm glad I did. I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Sep 19 2008 	Great NYC value -Yes There Is Such A Thing!	Again, Trip Advisor comes through. I would never have heard of Hotel 17 without researching Trip Advisor and never have experienced this charming European-style hotel on West 17th near 2nd Ave. All the reviews are right on the mark, superior value for your money in the safe, walkable East Village neighborhood. Sure, Hotel 17 is slightly worn with small rooms, but in Manhattan who wants to spend time in their room? The shared bathrooms are spotless and obviously well cared for, never a wait with four to a floor. The staff was very professional without being cloying, and the housekeeping staff was very nice as well. One important feature that is available here is that the air conditioning unit has a fan that you can run at night to provide that &quot;white noise&quot; which eliminates street or hotel sounds that might keep you awake. Union Station and the subway is about a five minute walk, which eliminates the need for a taxi. All in all, a wonderful stay, and I will certainly return to Hotel 17 in NYC.	
Aug 25 2008 	Good value but...	We, a family of 5, stayed here for 3 nights in 2 rooms, a double and a triple. 2 Nights were booked via a travel website, but later we decided to add a third. This booking was done directly with James from Hotel17. I got a confirmation from him via email that the 3rd night for both rooms was ok.However, when we came back from the second day, the room for the kids was emptied, and already occupied by other guests.As such this was not a big problem, but the brace for the teeth of our oldest son was gone. He needs to wear them every night, otherwise the investment in the teeth are worthless....Luckily they were found back after some light panic from us and the hotel staff.The kids got another room and we could stay in ours as they didn't dear to clean out our room which was occupied with our suitcases ;-)It turned out that the third night was not added in their system despite the promise in the email.To compensate the annoyance for us they offered to deduct $35 from the room rate, which was accepted by us.As written by other reviewers the double (312) and triple (607+205) are not very big, but they are clean and functional. The shared bathrooms isn't a problem either. We found them almost always available and clean. APPLAUS for the cleaning staff!!Location is ok, as it is 500m. from Union Squar metro. A good breakfast (as it is not available in the hotel) you can get at Gramercy Cafe on 3rd avenue and 17th street. I recommend the Lumberjack breakfast, it will fill you until diner ;-)Conclusion: despite the 3rd night confusion, this is a value for money hotel in NY.	
Aug 20 2008 	Good value in NYC	Stayed 2 nights in february 08. Booked via hotel website and paid 150$/night for a double with bathroom. Room was small but pleasant and clean. Great value for a budget traveller in NYC. Pros: cheap and well located. Cons: no wifi, can be a bit noisy in hallways.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great place to stay	A friend that had stayed there some years previous recommended hotel 17 to me. She said it was very basic, a bit gloomy, but very good value. I love a bit of value so we decided to stay there during our trip in October.First impressions were mixed, everything seemed so small and dark, and the décor bordered on gothic chintz. But after seeing the room I was really surprised. Everything was clean (if not a bit battered), the room was fair-sized and the bathroom and shower facilities were great. In fact, we never had to wait to use them and I saw the bathrooms and showers being steam cleaned every morning and night. Most reassuring!The staff were helpful and all of the other guests seemed to be having a great time too. The best thing about the hotel was the location. It was so close to Union Square and all of the shops and eateries on 2nd. Everywhere seemed so easy to reach, yet the immediate area was so lovely to explore. I pretty much love just walking around and exploring when I go to another city, and stumbling across the Flatiron building and the Empire State Building in about a 30 minute walk was marvellous.I would recommend the hotel to my friends who, like me, appreciate a good location and great value, and don’t mind staying somewhere a little worn. I would definitely stay there again, and hope to do so soon!	
Aug 17 2008	Good value and great location	Stayed in this hotel in Apr 2008 with my boyfriend and I guess we got pretty much what we expected for the money that we paid.The best thing about this hotel is the location, no doubt. Even though both of us had been in New York several times before and we thought we knew the area pretty well, we still found new gems within a 5 min walk from the hotel. One of these was a reaturant called The House (17th St) and a few others along that same street heading west from the hotel.Don't expect the rooms to be chic, they really are not anyting special. Basically they have everything that you need and the standard is basic but fine. We had booked a room with a private bathroom, which was small but clean and the shower was nice. The size of the room was fine. The bed was not so comfortable and there were lots of pigeons very much in love outside the window waking us up way too early in the morning (even for a jet lagged Londoner).If you are, like we were, planning to spend most of your holiday enjoying New York and not sitting in the hotel this is a very good choice as I think it would be difficult to find something cheaper with the same standard and location.	
Aug 14 2008 	A bargain for the bargain-minded	I just can't stop raving about the adequacy of this hotel! And even though I trusted the chorus of other reviewers saying what a decent place this is, the question of adequacy lingered in my mind until the wife and I finally arrived and checked in. After all, the price for our standard room (with shared bath) was so much lower than most other plausible options that I wasn't sure what to expect. As others have stated -- bathrooms were clean and at least one was unoccupied every time a need arose. The linens were clean. The AC worked (and quickly, thanks to the small size of the room). The staff was professional. The location was great, both for the relatively laid-back neighborhood feel and the proximity to Union Station (still a little walk, but walking's good, no?). Yes the decor is a bit dated (and the wallpaper in our room certainly couldn't have been appropriate even when it was first put up), but if that's the price we pay for, well, paying a lower price, then hurrah for ugly! We will stay here again.	
Aug 13 2008 	Simply fine	I booked through Orbitz a month before my stay - I was able to get a room while other web pages, including the hotel's own page, showed no vacancies.I agree with most of the other reviews left recently. The hotel is simple, no-frills. Single rooms are tiny. The staff was attentive though not obsequious. Check-in and check-out very smooth.Rooms clean with fresh wallpaper. Evidently shared bathrooms are not for everyone, and only half the bathrooms have sinks as well, but there were 4 on each floor (for about 20 rooms) so that was not a problem for me.You have to leave a card on your door for the maid-service to tidy your room.Note: $20 deposit for turning on the telephone in the room. Charges for all calls - including local. Unused balance refunded at end of stay.Hotel was quiet. I could sleep in without being awoken.A 5-minute walk from the L (Canarsie) subway at 14th St and 3rd Ave. The bus stops about a 30 second walk from the door. Delis and snack-bars and restaurants close by.One of the least expensive hotels, when I was looking. As someone who spends only a few waking minutes a day in a NYC hotel room, I would have no trouble going back at any time.	
Aug 11 2008 	Perfect Alternative to Expensive Manhattan	We stayed at the Hotel 17 last month during our stay in Manhattan. In a sea of overpriced hotels, Hotel 17 was a reasonable price and the reviews seemed pretty good overall. I was worried out the shared bathrooms though - to the point that I actually brought shoes I had planned to wear in the bathrooms and leave in the hotel after our departure. Well I never had to wear them! The bathrooms were always clean and I never saw another person in the hall or in any of the bathrooms. I actually liked having the shared bathroom because that way, my friend and I could leave the room at the same time and not have to wait while the other was getting ready. Our room had 2 twin beds. It was very clean and overlooked the street. There was a sink in the room, which was handy. We also had no problems with our tv like other reviewers. One thing I'll note - our room was on the 7th floor, but wireless internet is only available on floors 1-4. I had to be ghetto and sneak down to a 4th floor bathroom to use the internet a couple times!! haha Anyway, other than that, we loved the hotel. From the old-fashioned lobby to the teeny elevator to the mismatched wallpaper in our room. The location was also excellent, with Union Square being less than 10 minutes away (and 3rd Av subway station only about 3 blocks from the hotel). I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 10 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location!!	This was my first time in NYC. I did not know what to expect from a hotel that was a decent price in NYC. I figured once we got there we would be in hell for 9 days. But I was very very wrong. As soon as my sister and I arrived we LOVED the hotel. Everyone at Hotel 17 was so friendly, and helpful it made our trip that much better. If you are looking for a 4 star hotel well then keep on looking, but if you are looking for a place that is one of those amazing bricked house, tree lined NYC streets you see in the movies then stay here. We loved how it was located near Union Square, so there was always something, and somewhere to go. Being two younger girls and always being on the run we were not sure if we would feel safe walking back to the hotel; but we felt safe at all hours. From leaving at 4 am in the morning or returning at 1 am the streets and neighborhood around Hotel 17 were so safe and comforting. Another concern we had was the shared bathrooms, but out of our 9 days there we never had to wait for the bathroom once. So do not let the shared bathrooms scare you off.Stay here when you are in NYC and you wont regret it.	
Aug 7 2008	Good basic downtown accommodation	If your looking for a generally cheap (by New York standards) hotel, then this is the place to go. The rooms were very basic, the shared bathrooms were clean (when I used them anyway) and it was in a perfect location. One of the staff members was a little rude and lacked any customer service skills, but apart from that it was a cheap place to lay your head for the night.	
Jul 22 2008 	You can't complain about the location but...	I stayed in Hotel 17 from May 26th to June 2nd. The weather in NYC was perfect for sight-seeing. I was there all by myself and it was my first trip to NYC. I was a bit nervous since I'm a girl who's never been to the mainland of the U.S. and I heard that NY is very scary city for a young girl by herself. So i was really careful about picking up a hotel that i was going to stay. Of course I was a budget traveler since I'm a college student and i was looking for a cheap but nice hotel. I found Pod hotel, Chelsea Lodge, Hotel 30 and 17. All 4 of those hotels were located in good places and price were reasonable. But even though I tried to book a hotel on April, Pod hotel, Chelsea Lodge and Hotel 30 didn't have room since it was around the Memorial weekend. But fortunately Hotel 17 had room and the price was very reasonable for me. I checked the location in google map and I also mapped from both JFK and LGA to the hotel. It wasn't that far from both of the airports. Plus, I've booked 2 other hotels from expedia when I stayed in Hawaii and I really satisfied with those hotels, i had no doubt that this hotel would be suck. On the day of arrival, i checked my luggage in first, since it was 9 am in the morning. Check in was fast and easy compare to fancy hotels like Hilton or Ritz Carlton. It was just 8 min away from Union Square and near to main avenues like Broadway and Park Ave. Also it had a lot of good restaurants around there, so that i could have beer or wine in the night time near the hotel.But the problem was the hotel itself.I couldn't get to sleep 2 nights in a row. Some crazy people next door made noise all night long in the aisle. Damn it was horrible!I was so tired from walking around the metropolitan and I needed peaceful rest at least for 5 hours for the next day. I called the front desk for more than 5 times but it was just for that moment.Those crazy people made noise over and over again. It irritated me a lot. They were yelling at each other and kept slamming the door all night long, seriously. And do you wanna know worse thing than that? I went to the front desk after that first night and told them that I had trouble sleeping the other night and if it's happening again, i will call the police. And the person in the front desk made mock of me. His attitude toward thecomplaining guest was totally wrong. I got more angry after talking with him. I felt so frustrated. And the same noise making happened again.Also, the card key that they serve was so bad in quality.I tried to open the door for 15 min and it didn't work. So i went up to the front desk and changed the card key to total new one, but it didn't work either! I've had to change my card key 3 times.And whenever I tried to watch TV, it kept shutting down the channel several times. Maybe it was because of the weak signal from the station, but it's their problem. It was so horrible when they shut down TV for a couple of minute when the show was at the peak.But they had some good sides. Even though it's sharing bath for people who choose to stay on the floor which doesn't have private bath, it was clean enough not to make people feel gross about it. Besides the location of it and cleaness of the hotel, my experience in Hotel 17 was horrible. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone if that person can't afford a little bit more expensive hotel or doesn't give a [--] to this kind of crap. I will never stay in Hotel 17 again. I mean it!	
Jul 17 2008	A step up from a staying at a Hostel	Hotel 17 feels like you've just entered some kinda surreal Jim Jarmusch movie, where the hotel check in person chain smokes behind a glass window and theres ghosts in the the hallways. After finding a decent rate online of just under $60 a night, which is a steal for NYC, we got a great top floor unit facing out on the street. This might've been since I stayed a summer after 9/11, so hotels had dropped their rates to get more travelers in the door.The beds were pretty uncomfortable, the baths and showers were european style - shared and the doors never seemed to close right because they were crooked. The place had a lot of character, the wallpaper was kinda out of control with its pin stripes. The TV never worked for the 3 nights were there. But on the plus side, it was clean and the Gramercy Park near by was nice to walk to. Its pretty close to everything as well -- especially the subways. All and all for the price it gets 3 to 3.5 stars.	
Jul 13 2008 	New home away from home	I have stayed at the 4&amp;5 star hotels in NYC and they could take some tips from &quot;little hotel 17&quot; The hotel is safe,quiet and clean. Staff is one of the best in NYC, This best kept secret is on a residential street which is very clean,close to subway and good food. The one draw back would be that there is only one elevator , My daughter and granddaughter and I only used it to take bags to room and when we checked out rest of the time we used stairs which was not a problem.On Wed. we were on the way to the subway and they have a farmers market at union square which was amazing. Garmercy Park cafe is the place to get breakfast foods great and it doesn't break the bank. Cab ride from hotel to 34 street was $4.50 x tipfor the three of us.Some reviewers say rooms are small ,ours was a triple and we had plenty of room for our bags and all the extra stuff we brought. Try that at the New Yorker where your room is so small you get to store your bags on your bed and they charge you double what you will pay at Hotel 17.Not a 5 star but you get the real feel of NYC and it is SAFE, QUIET, and CLEAN.	
Jul 8 2008	Hotel 17 historic and interesting	Although I only gave it a score of 3 - this hotel in Midtown Manhattan was a pleasant surprise! The ONLY reason I didnt give it 5 is because of 3 of the front desk workers. One worker (James) is wonderful and accomidating, but the other 3 who worked in the evenings were absolutely terrible and aloof. We were nervous about the &quot;bathroom down the hall&quot; but it was completely a non-issue. Beautiful bathrooms, rarely had to wait, completely private, and SPIC AND SPAN CLEAN!AVOID rooms with a 20 in it (520 - 620 -720) because they are literal CLOSETS - the &quot;double&quot; bed in these rooms are actually SUper singles and NOT DOUBLES&gt; however we also stayed in the room with an 03 (603 and 703) and they are WONDERFUL double -doubles - great rate for a double/double and lovely room - large and spacious. (the 01 rooms are the best SINGLES 501-601-701) James continually tried to move us to nice rooms, and the other incompetants would move us back - so frustrating- if you arrive late they WILL give your room away and give you whatever is left over. I even called the day before we arrived and confirmed that we would arrive at 11:30pm and they STILL gave away our doubl/double and popped us into a triple (SO VERY SMALL) and somehow fit a roll away- a miserable night - no where to walk or put our luggage. But then moved to 603 by James in the Morning. -we had to check out when friends left and move to a double room - and James assigned us a great room when we left early in am - but - YOU GUESSED IT- the other guy GAVE THAT ROOM TO SOMEONE ELSE -that was the night my daughter and I spent in 620 basically a CLOSET! so miserable - we later moved back to 720 when our friends retruned. But all in all - aside from the fact that the decor looks like Disney's TOWER OF TERROR (we all agreed on this) - I guess that just adds to its charm :) - we had a pleasant stay (other than the closet) -= 3 blocks from the L train -and about 5 blocks from Union Square subway and some pretty fun shopping. A great bargain too. I would definately stay here again - the rates are great. HOWEVER if I were arriving late - I think I woudl call about 3-4 times during that day - fromthe airport - when I arrived etc... to make sure they hold a GOOD room for me - because there are some not- so -spacious rooms. But the hotel is very clean - and when you talk to James at the desk- you know he is listening.	
Jun 20 2008	Delightful Surprise	What a delighful surprise Hotel 17 turned out to be. The hotel is old world charm with beautiful woodwork. My single room was small but adequate. The room, baths and hotel were very clean. I never had to wait to use the bathroom. The bathrooms were extremely clean and you never saw any sign that anyone but you were using them. Note -the mattress was extra firm ,there is a window unit air conditioner in each room -a little loud, but nothing that ear plugs couldn't drown out. My room had a small safe, a TV, nightstand, desk and area to hang clothes. Rooms well insulated you couldn't hear neighbors or their TV's. Very nice and affordable. Beautiful neighborhood right off of 3rd, 3 blocks to Union Square subway , Grammercy Park &amp; NYU. SAFE. Lots of Europeans were staying in the hotel. GREAT VALUE I will definitely stay here again! Oh and don't listen to the reviewer who said &quot;Bugs&quot; never saw a one -either on the floor, walls or my crisp clean white sheets!Thank goodness I read all of the reviews from other satisfied guests.	
Jun 18 2008 	We will stay again	My husband and I stayed 5 nights at Hotel 17 and we were very pleasantly surprised.I had not expected much as we only paid around $150 a night and with all the stories you here about cheap New York hotels I was actually a little apprehensive about what we might find.When we arrived the man at checkin was quite pleasant and then we made our way up to the 6th floor in the small, but very nice lift. From what I can tell there are no rooms with private bathrooms. Each floor has 4 bathrooms and they were clean everytime I went in and never had to wait.Our room was small but not too bad. We had a view of the top of the Empire State Building from our window. It had a dressing table, basin and mirror, quite large wardrobe with a tv. We even had room on the floor to have two bags accessible.For the price this hotel is an absolute bargain and I really liked the neighbourhood. 3 small blocks from the subway and restaurant and diner just down the street.We will definately stay here again.	
Jun 5 2008 	Recommend Hotel 17	May 2008, I was pleased with my stay at Hotel 17 at 225 E. 17th Street in New York City (Gramercy Park). The hotel is clean and well cared for. The location, being in a residential section, especially appealed to me. There was easy access to public transportation; easy access to eating establishments, and those corner fresh fruit vendors. My room was small, but clean and well cared for by the staff. The bed was comfortable. The advertisements speak of a &quot;shared bath.&quot; I feel that is not quite accurate. There are two lockable separate private baths per hallway instead of in-room bathroom. That did take some getting used to. One bath had a toilet, sink, shower, and another had a toilet, shower. The baths are furnished with toilet tissue, but everything else you need you need to bring with you each time. Packing a roll or two of paper towels would be great to bring with you. Very seldom was anyone in those baths when I needed them. If one really needed into a bath, one could always go to another floor. The hotel places your towels in your room, along with soaps. My room had a window (but no view) twin bed, phone, clock, small tv, desk/chair and two night stands, lamp but no official closet, bring your own clothes hangers. If you read in bed bring your own reading light. I would certainly stay there again and do recommend it to anyone considering this hotel.	
Jun 3 2008 	Just Like Home	Arriving jet-lagged at the Hotel 17 in a rainy Manhattan was like coming home after a tough day at work. The quiet street with its characteristic stoops in a safe, residential area gave me an instant feeling of being at home, away from home. The staff was laid-back, and did not ask &quot;How are you today?&quot; every time you passed the front desk. (This American custom can be quite exhausting for a European). They were, however, friendly, respectful, funny, flexible and service-minded. The room was beautiful, and I couldn't help buying fresh flowers and putting them in the ice-bucket just to make it even more delightful. This will be my home in New York from now on, and I wouldn't trade it for anything - including a free suite at The Plaza. If you generally prefer a luxury or even average business hotel and feel uncomfortable around anything that's more than ten years old, the Hotel 17 is not for you. Nor if you prefer the hotels you stay in to look exactly the same, wherever you are in the world. But if you want a feel for what it would be like to actually live in New York City, look no further - The Hotel 17 is your home too.	
May 26 2008 	Fantastic Spot for a Budget Traveler	This hotel was wonderful. It does not have extras that big hotels would have, and it does have shared bathrooms, but the hotel is extremely clean, the desk staff is pleasant and knowledgeable, and the location is wonderful. It is less than 3 blocks from Union Square and it is located on a quiet street. I would highly recommend this for the budget traveler who wants to stay in Manhattan in a clean and safe hotel.	
May 25 2008 	Great Stay.	I really loved my stay at Hotel 17. The staff were helpful and funny, the rooms were charming and clean, and the shared bathrooms(which I had worried about) were clean and always available when we needed them.The neighborhood exceeded our expectations and I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
May 23 2008 	A hidden gem!	I was VERY pleased with my stay at the Hotel 17.Being a simple farm girl, I was somewhat hesitant to stay anywhere except a well-known hotel. However, this was very affordable and had good reviews so I decided to give it a try.It was excellent. Yes - the rooms are very old and somewhat small. But to me, that made the whole place unique and charming. Everything - the rooms and the bathroom, was very clean. The bathroom was so clean - almost to the point of being sterile!The only downside is that (and this is probably my fault), I was under the impression the bathrooms were dorm-style, with separate stalls and showers. In fact. the bathroom is actually just one small room with a toilet, shower and sink. But once again - it was very clean, and of course, there are more than one on a floor. There are also private sinks in the rooms so you never have to leave to brush your teeth, etc.I never felt unsafe in the neighborhood or in the hotel.Highly recommended!	
May 21 2008 	Very clean quaint charming hotel	From the moment I checked in I thought this hotel was outstanding!! From the charming decor in the lobby right down to the extremely handsome blonde Desk Clerk or Front Desk Manager that works in the daytime. The room was small and very basic, however, it was super clean. I don't believe the the review that someone said they had a room with bedbugs.The daytime Desk staff are extremely helpful and very professional but the nightime Desk Clerks are perhaps the worst I've ever seen, they talk on their cell phones all the time in a loud, I assume( Arabic language), completely disregard customers, are completely useless for any information whatsoever, and their extremely rude and short when you ask them something. Its better to avoid them all together if you can.All in all I had a great stay, I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is seeking a lower priced hotel which is hard to get these days. The area is really super!!	
May 9 2008 	great location	I was a bit skeptical of the shared bathrooms, but it worked out fine. The hotel is located in a great area just east of Union Square so it's very accessible. The rooms are small, but by no means cramped by NYC standards. I stayed there on 2 occasions, the first time I had my own sink in my room and the second time I did not. I never ran into a problem of waiting for a bathroom and the bathrooms were pretty clean for being shared (the hotel floors are divided into 2 and each half has 2 bathrooms with toilet/shower). Overall it was fine and I would stay there again, though I would request to have my own sink in the room.	
May 3 2008 	Great budget Hotel	We booked this hotel after looking for a cheap hotel. We were happy to go into a hotel with shared bathrooms as long as we had our own room. The bathrooms were always clean, and shared 1 between 5 rooms.We had a spacious triple room which had plenty of space, and wasn't too hot as reported by other reviewers. We also didn't have any problems with our online reservation, and arrived at 9pm at night to find our room available and ready for us. room has a free safety deposit box, and in room sink.Lobby was quaint and clean, and the hotel is in a really safe nice neighbourhood not far from a good subway station serving almost all of manhattan.Easily walkable to Flatiron and Times Square.Would definatly recommend this to other budget hotel speakers.	
Apr 28 2008	You get what you pay for	Although I am surprise what little one gets in New York as compared to London or Paris.Hotel 17 was dark, depressing and reminiscent of the 1930s Great Depression. I am glad I only had to stay one night.Shared bathroom, tiny sink in tiny room. Plastic cover on matress - feels like your sleeping on an old man's diaper. One unreliable lift for all the rooms (about 80?). They also have lodgers, so be prepared for strange characters roaming the halls.If you're really cheap like me and only staying one night - you'll survive. Otherwise, splurge and stay somewhere nicer.	
Apr 27 2008 	pleasantly surprised	Pleasantly Surprised...Cape Cod, Massachusetts,USA initially searched for a reasonably priced hotel in NYC with startling results, culminating in our decision to try this shared bath hotel due to its low rate and good customer reviews. We had no problem with our online reservations, which we had confirmed. We found the small lobby charming in an old world way-and a bit dim with dark carved wood work, picture frames and wallpapers. The elevator was a treat, beautifully ornate wood, although can be quite a wait. Since we were on the 8th floor, only our 17 yr old took the stairs each time. Had a European feel,and in fact, most of the guests were European.The desk person commented that our room (#808 - triple, non-smoking) was particularly nice, so we don't know if its indicative of others. But, we were pleasantly surprised by its decent size, encompassing 1 double and one twin bed with plenty of room to spare. (Had stayed in a much smaller room at a Comfort Inn during a previous stay in NYC). The mattresses were comfortable, the linens clean, the carpeting appeared newish, the in-room sink a bit cramped in its alcove. We had 2 large windows offering great views of neighborhood life. We needed to run the air conditioner the whole time, but it never got too cold-so don't know what it would have been like in the room if it was really hot out. Our big fear, the shared bath, was just a minor inconvenience. 4 rms shared 1 bath. Using the shower after 8 am might necessitate a short wait, but all in all, no problems. And as everyone has been saying, the bathrooms were immaculate, bright and newly tiled. Need to remember to bring soap/towel each time, not just for showering... It would be great if management would wall mount antibacterial hand cleaner.It's location was fine if you don't mind some walking. 3 nice parks nearby, lots of decent,reasonable restaurants. As a family of three, we often took a taxi, costing only a little more than a subway. I would return, although we might check out their sister facility -Hotel 31-next time, as some have private baths, and its location may be more convenient. I would recommend this to certain others, as not every one would enjoy its old world charm.	
Apr 15 2008 	Keep Your Expectations Low	This certainly isn't a W Hotel, but if your expectations are low you won't be too disappointed. Our overall opinion was that it was a great location for our needs, a safe neighborhood and reasonably priced for NYC, but I'm still a bit shocked at what $150/night gets you in the city....a tiny room w/ a sink, 4 hangers on an open rack, and a bed that was about as comfortable as a brick...I've been more comfortable camping in a tent, sleeping on the ground than the bed in the double bed in Room 707. Thank God we brought our own pillows!!The room was really stuffy and smelled mildewy. It completely lacked any air circulation. We put the AC on from time to time, but the room definitely had a dankness to it. I would have prefered being able to open the window than the AC.Our room was fairly quiet, except for the banging pipes which seemed to happen just a couple of times during the night. It was very hot, particularly for April, and again...the bed was awful!!!! We stayed two nights and on the second night my kidneys didn't hurt as much as the first night. I also learned to stay on my back and not my side to avoid my shoulder going numb, but I don't know if I could have taken a third night...and I like a firm mattress. The shared bathrooms were always immaculately clean, and I never had to wait, although it would have been nice if they had a soap dispenser and paper towels to dry your hands. Be prepared for a cold shower!!!The front desk staff wasn't particularly friendly or helpful.We booked the room online, but still had to sign a credit card slip, and a second time when we checked out. I'm waiting to get our bill to see if we were over charged. If you're looking for a comforable, charming, hotel with great service, this isn't it. If you're looking for a decent place under $200 in the Union Square neighborhood, Hotel 17 will do. Would I go there again? Probably not. I'm thinking it might be worth the extra $100/night to stay at a W hotel!	
Apr 15 2008 	- chaotic reservations	Like another reviewer below, reservations were mishandled. Booked onine months in advance - arrived - no room - overbooked. Were going to send me right uptown - but booked this hotel because I knew people downtown. Being persistent gained me another room which magically became available - said they'd move me to my 'proper' room next day. Didn't happen. Maybe the next day? It did, although it felt like equally like it mightn't have happened. Was disruptive - just wanted to settle in to a temporary home. Safe didn't work either. Boiling hot, radiator clanked loudly all night...No apologies - made me feel like they were doing me a favour. Generally the hotel feels chaotic - leaving you wondering what will go wrong next.. Their sister hotel, hotel 31, which I stayed in later on, was much more professional. Straightforward manager - nothing went wrong, but I felt confident if it did, they would fix any problems.So, Hotel 17 is quite cheap for NYC (althoug not as cheap as it once was) - has a certain rundown charm - but I probably wont stay there again.	
Apr 2 2008 	Warm reception	We spent 8 nights at Hotel 17. Yes it was hot...I opened the window. Yes it was coffin like. I slept like a baby. Yes the same car alarm went off every morning so we didn't need an alarm clock. The desk clerk's recommendation of the Sunburst cafe for breakfast was spot on. Only a 2 minute walk. Breakfast for $4.95 and that included a small coffee, and all the atmosphere you want..or you could watch CNN on the big screen TV. Union Square was 5 minutes away for the subway. You could be at Times Square in 25 minutes. We walked down into Greenwich Village. Comfort level day or night was good. I got a kick out of the elevator, and my wife would race me down the stairs from the seventh floor and always beat me. There were no surprise charges on the bill. The bathrooms were always clean and accessible. Value for the money is my opinion.Birdy EdwardsWinnipeg	
Apr 1 2008 	If you've always want to go to NY Hotel 17 is great	My husband &amp; I stayed Tue-Fri (3 nites) at Hotel 17 in March 2008 to celebrate my 27 birthday &amp; loved it. Our room was spacious, with a double bed, vanity, sink, clock radio, phone, &amp; a coat-closet like nook w/hangers. Our view looked out to other large buildings in the neighborhood. Normally the bed would be too hard for my husband but he was so exhausted every nite he didn't care. TV channels are limited. I know you get the local news, public access, TBS, &amp; Bravo. It is not like a spa or resort (like the W down the corner), but was better than a lot of Ramada Inns/Comfort Inns I've stayed in. And the location can't be beat. The restroom was 2 doors down &amp; always *immaculate.* By far the cleanest restroom I found in the city. I showered every nite &amp; had no problem--although being on the 7th floor it did take a little while for the hot water to heat up (pressure was fine). There are 2 restrooms in the left wing &amp; 2 in the right wing of each floor--so if one is occupied, there are 3 more to choose from. The elevator is old fashion, meaning it's also slow. So if you're in a hurry take the stairs. The halls are relatively narrow &amp; dimly lit. Our room was decorated in golds w/green carpet &amp; we were a little disappointed it wasn't as mismatched as the other rooms. The style of the hotel added to the experience for me. The front desk &amp; housekeeping were always nice. The front door is locked @ nite &amp; they buzz you in. The neighborhood is exceptionally safe, quiet, residential. It's around the corner from the police academy &amp; the private Gramercy Park so I'm sure that has something to do with it. Hotel 17 is 1 block away from the Gramercy Cafe that is open 24hrs &amp; has a great lox-cream-cheese-veggies-bagel sandwich. It is 3 blocks away from Union Square &amp; the subway. It is a short walk to the East Village &amp; Greenwich Village. The location is absolutely perfect for me. It caters primarily to European tourists. We ran into a lot of Germans in the hallway. We seen guests who were 20-somethings to 40-somethings. It also has some apartments, with their most famous resident being Amanda Lepore. (My husband ran into her.)The only draw back was no Wi-Fi, but if that means rising the price ($128/nite w/tax, off season) I can survive w/out internet. I would recommend Hotel 17 to anyone who wants the New York experience &amp; a good, clean, affordable room.	
Mar 25 2008	Mishandlied reservations are a problem at Hotel 17	My own reservation (made online) for a three-night stay was handled fine: My room was ready when I arrived, and my stay was pleasant. Room 204, though dark, was immaculate, well-maintained, and quiet. I would have given this hotel a much better rating if the hotel had not misplaced/dropped my friend's reservation, made months ago, also online: when she arrived to check in at 2:00 p.m., the front desk told her there were no rooms available and they had no record of her reservation. She had even confirmed the reservation by phone the week before! In my view that is astoundingly bad managment, bad overbooking practices, or both. (We witnessed another couple with reservations get turned away the same day. Who knows how often this happens?) A room for my friend did open up the next day, but that room (Room 211) was next to a laundry room or something that was so noisy it kept her awake all night. I will not stay at Hotel 17 again, despite its great location and other virtues.	
Mar 20 2008 	Hotel 17 - Budget - ideal for seasoned traveller - other tips	Some of the reviews on this hotel could put you off in a flash but please read this before you make your decision.Arriving from Newark, we got a taxi from Penn station to east 17th and 3rd avenue for $11 (inc tip). well worth it after a long flight. the hotel has scaffolding out the front but at no time did we hear any builders etc.We were dealt with pleasantly and efficiently and got a non-smoking room on 8th floor. Now, there have been a lot of comments about the slow lift, but if you have ever been to a hotel in Paris it's the same principle, slow...small but fine. you can walk down the stairs or wait a small amount of time. either way if you have physical difficulties of getting down stairs or are impatient to wait for the lift then hotel 17 isn't for you.the hotel room was fine. now it's not the ritz but neither for the money did i think it was going to be. what we got was mismatched wallpaper, a clean double bed, a sink in the room and lots of storage. perfect. the most annoying thing was the birds on the roof that loved to make a racket and you have your usual urban noises of traffic etc.the bathroom was always clean but at peak times in the morning it will be busy. my advice get in very early or shower late at night. but absolutely clean.top tips - gramercy cafe on 3rd ave is very nice and very reasonable for food. the tips i got for st marks ale house down in st marks is great for food and drink. thirsty scholar on 2nd a great wee bar. molly shebeen's packed, expensive for drink but very reasonable for food. pete's tavern expensive but beautiful.other top tips - take the subway. it's $2 and very safe. didn't use it at night but it's perfectly safe. i would advise that you study the line you need to use as there didn't seem to be many maps in the actual station.other tips- go see a knicks game. now they aren't the best team but the spectacle is out of this world and a great alternative. you can celeb spot and have a good night. beer is expensive tho.and take good shoes to walk in, cause you will walk miles!!for cheap shoes etc try union square DSW and filiene's basement. for a great book store barnes and noble on union square to chill grab a coffee and read! anything else just ask!	
Mar 20 2008 	Love Love Love	I was looking for a really inexpensive place to stay. I used to live in NY and was up to help a friend look at wedding dresses. I briefly thought of staying at a hostel for like $25 a night but decided I'd be ok spending more for my own room so I didn't have to hear someone else snore or have to deal with anyone stealing my things.Hotel 17 had good reviews here so I figured it at a minimum it wouldn't be horrible. I love the location, it's away from most of the touristy stuff, which I've already done and just wanted to chill. It was super close to the buses though since it's between 2nd Ave (buses head south all the way down to the Ferry) and 3rd Ave (buses head north all the way up to Harlem). Union Square was a few blocks where you can catch the subway to most anywhere.The heat worked well as did the hot water. I acutally sleep with a fan on at night at home so the fan on the a/c worked great since the heat was probably a bit much than was needed. But too much heat is better than not enough!A few words of warning though, the bathrooms are in the hallway, not all rooms have sinks, and smoking is allowed on most of the lower floors. That said, there were 2 bathrooms down each hall (for about 10 rooms) though only one had a sink in it (and toilet and tub/shower), the other had just toilet and tub/shower and they were always super clean and smelled nice. Although my room had an ashtray and when I stepped out into the hall I could tell my neighbor smoked (alot), I never smelled it in my room and I have asthma and can usually smell it a mile away. I wore white socks in my room and they stayed white (an issue at other hotels from icky floors). The mattress had a plastic cover (I guess for bed bug control and cleanliness) but it also had a mattress cushion on top so I never would have known it was there if I didn't immediately check for bed bugs (something I do everywhere).There was only one time that both bathrooms were full so I just went to the other hall. Most of the time they were both available.I did hear some hallway noise and my neighbors tv but nothing that was absurd or intolerable.I'm definitely staying there whenever I go back though I will try to get a sink next time.	
Feb 29 2008 	normal	This hotel is great variant for its price. Very low prices for Manhatten. Responsive administrators.And very good location - you can easy get to upper part of Manhatten and to lower. Subway station is in few blocks.It was a little cold in our room, but we asked for a heater and everything was fine:)	
Feb 19 2008	Beware bed bugs	Only stayed one night, but got bit several times on the shoulder by bed bugs. I should have read the previous warnings by reviewers. You pay for what you get.	
Feb 19 2008 	Loved Hotel 17	Great location, great price (for NYC). We had room 501, which got great light since it faces south on 17th street. 3 different wallpapers - which sounds odd but was very cool. Bathrooms were clean and fresh smelling and had garbage disposal instructions in several languages (abfall en den abfalleimer!). Couldn't find a thing to complain about, and I'll stay here again next time I'm in Manhattan.	
Feb 15 2008 	Clean safe and cheap - what more can a girl ask for....	I've just returned from a week staying at Hotel 17 in New York. I found it so hard to know whether to book this hotel based on reading some of the other reviews on this website, they all seemed to contradict each other. I'm a natural born worrier, so naturally I worried.....Turns out, nothing to worry about. Hotel 17 is in a great location for the subway and places to eat and its away from all the hustle and bustle in a safe area. To pick up on some of the things other people have commented on: 1) Yes the lift is a bit slow, but its an antique - and why is everyone always in a hurry. 2) The desk staff were generally very helpful, apart from one 'vacant' guy, but I guess some people aren't born with customer service skills - he needs to work on acknowledging people. None of them were rude though. 3) Bed bugs - load of rubbish, I saw no evidence of them. 4) Shared bathrooms were nothing to worry about as they were always spotless and there was always plenty of hot water even after everyone else in the building had showered. 5) The central heating - our room was always warm enough even when it snowed, there were only 2 nights when it was making a funny hissing noise, but not loud enough to keep us awake.If you're expecting the Ritz then you're going to be dissappointed, but I think its great value for money (about £180 for 7 nights). Tips for food places - go downtown from the hotel along 1st or 2nd Avenue a few blocks and there's loads of places.To sum it up - I wouldn't suggest coming here on a romantic weekend (unless you're on a really tight budget) as the ecclectic decor may put you off, but as a young female student it suited perfectly. Here is a pic of the bathroom, in case you want a peek.Thanks for reading my review, I hope it helped you make your decision - enjoy your holiday - I did!	
Feb 11 2008	Didn't quite manage to stay there	We booked this hotel for a week well in advance of our arrival in New York. We were on a budget but wanted to stay somewhere reasonably central.At JFK we phoned the hotel to confirm our reservation and to ask how best to get to them. All was confirmed and we got the bus they suggested. However when we got to the hotel we were told that there were no rooms available!We complained naturally and they offered to see if they had anything in their sister hotel, hotel 31. They did thankfully and at least gave us a few dollars towards the cab fare to hotel 31.	
Feb 11 2008 	Great convenient hotel	Myself and two friends had a triple at Hotel 17 for the first week in Feb this year, and found it a great place to stay.The room was large, clean and comfortable, the shared facilities were in great shape and the staff were all friendly and helpful.I'd definitely recommend it to anyone travelling on a budget, and the position is great with a good diner and bar nearby (Gramercy Diner and Still bar), and only a couple blocks from Union Square station.All in all, a great time was had	
Feb 10 2008 	A BIG mistake	I stayed here last week after a mishap with my company left me without a reservation during the one of the busiest travel weeks in New York. Boy, what a mistake! No matter how you crack it folks...this place is a DUMP! Not a hotel..but a rooming house for transient men. As a single female I did not feel comfortable and didnt sleep a wink. Why Why Why I didnt read the reviews on TripAdvisor before booking! There are certainly better places to stay in the city for $109. The carpet and drapes stunk too and It took me a week to get the smell out of my luggage which I stupidly placed on the floor.	
Feb 7 2008	Great Location No frills	The Hotel 17 was a great deal and had an excellent central location. The large room and shared bathrooms were very clean. We never had to wait to use the shower or toilet. The hallways are narrow, and the lobby is small but the hotel is great for travelers on a budget. Don't expect a lot of service/interaction with staff. Bed was not the most comfortable I've ever slept in. Most of the other guests we encountered were young Europeans. The Larchmont further downtown could be compared to this hotel. Between the two, I'd say that Hotel 17 is in better condition, although I preferred the Larchmont's Village location.	
Jan 27 2008	Very nice place!	My wife and I stayed four nights there in 2006. The hotel is very clean and we didn´t have any problem with the shared bathroom. The hotel is located in a very pleasant and calm area, near the subway, nice coffee shops, the green market.We will surely stay there again. Tip: If you are coming from JFK by subway, remember to drop off at the 3rd Ave x 14th St station. You ´ll be only 3 blocks away from the hotel.	
Jan 15 2008 	Outstanding location	We stayed for three nights at Hotel 17 in late December. We enjoyed the outstanding location (away from mid-town's throngs and high prices), helpful staff, cleanliness, and confy rooms. Regarding the rooms, some of them (like 507) have loud pipe noises at night (probably water hammer). We complained and were promptly moved the next morning (thanks!). We talked to some other guests who did not mind the noise.There are excellent dining options around the hotel. One of them is Casa Mono (Irving Place and 18th St) and another is Chino (173 3rd Ave). For breakfast, walk a few blocks to the City Bakery (3W 18th St). Great options and value and only local crowd.We will definitely stay at the 17 next time we go to Manhattan.	
Jan 13 2008 	lovely little place	Me and 2 girlfriends were going on a last minute New York trip to catch up with some friends, We needed somewhere relatively cheap to stay yet we are kind of picky. I worry alot about safety, especially as we're 3 girls in our twenties travelling alone, and also cleanliness because lets face it, noone would choose to stay somewhere grubby. We've all read the nightmare reviews!Anyway to cut a long story short, we scoured the internet and eventually all agreed that we could deal with having to share a bathroom if it meant staying somewhere central that wasn't going to break the bank. I was pleasantly suprised when we got to our room. As there was 3 of us we had quite a large room with 2 double beds. (I will add photos) The AC worked just fine thankfully as it was unbelievably hot when we arrived. The room was clean, we had a washbasin in the room and a hairdryer. And (the one thing I was truly dreading) the shared bathroom was always clean, never out of toilet paper, and I only had to wait to use it once and that was in the morning which is understandable as everyone is getting ready to check out or go out sightseeing for the day. The old fireplace in the room was a nice touch, added character. I was basically very pleased with our choice. The lift is also interesting, I did however refuse to get in it with more than 2 people at a time!Overall, I'd definitely recommend staying here. I really liked the place. Its in a good location, and there's a Duane Reade right down the street which sells pretty much everything you could need!	
Jan 6 2008 	Funky quiet small	I went to New York City for a two-day seminar and needed a mid-price place to stay not far from Cooper Union. I found Hotel 17 through Hotels.com and it seemed like just what I wanted -- something with a little more character than bland, joyless franchise motels but not overpriced, overdone, corporate conglomerate hotel chains. Hotel 17 was just right. Reception was polite and courteous at check-in. The room was on the small side, with a window but not a view. There was a desk, dresser and closet. The single room shared a bathroom, which was down the hall a couple of doors. I did not have a problem with the bathrooms being occupied, nor were they ever in bad shape. The elevators were fairly quick and quiet.The hotel is a bit dank and cramped -- it's an older building -- but overall the place is kept tidy, clean and seemed competently managed.	
Jan 4 2008 	Charm 	This is the second time I have stayed at Hotel17...it's not a luxurious hotel but it has got charm and oodles of character - not to mention a great location. Again the room was spotlessly clean on arrival, bathrooms were kept clean throughout our stay and front desk staff were helpful. We booked through Expedia and had no problems whatsoever with our reservation.Hotel17 is not really a romantic getaway - for that try the nearby Second Home on Second Avenue. Instead, I would recommend Hotel17 to singles or friends traveling together. Check out the East Village, St Marks Place, Alphabet City, Union Square....from there get on the subway and go downtown. This is the best city in the world.	
Dec 28 2007 	Comfortable not noisy.	This hotel was what we needed to explore New York on foot. Close to Union square and the huge wholefoods market there where we always got our breakfast and with a starbucks within 3 minutes away it was a great location. We asked for a twin non-smoking room and that's what we got, at the back of the building high up so we had space for our four suitcases and did not get interrupted by any traffic/late night drunken noise whatsover (except for the occasional siren but where in NY will you not hear that?)Great place to stay and reasonable for New York.	
Dec 10 2007 	no room at the inn!	My wife and I arrived at the hotel at 1am on 2nd Dec after taking a taxi direct from the airport. I had confirmed the booking by email and phone, informing the hotel that we would be arriving around 1am due to the time of our flight.I had even phoned 24 hours before arrival to make sure it was not a problem arriving at that time.When we arrived the guy on reception (JOHN - see other comments about him on other posts) said that our room had been given away as we had not arrived by 6pm and that the hotel was totally full.I explained to him that I had checked that it would be ok to arrive at this time, but he said he didn't know anything about that.(At no point did he apologise for the hotel's mistake.)After a while he made a call to hotel 31 (sister hotel on 31st street) and said we could go there for the night instead. Again no apology.I asked how would we get there. He said we could hail a taxi outside. I asked how would we pay for the taxi. He gave me $5. It cost $8. Still no apology.A disgraceful experience all round. We would not receommend this hotel to anyone!	
Dec 4 2007 	Fantastic location shame about the central heating!	We booked Hotel 17 mainly on price for location, but also because of the reviews we'd seen. The hotel itself is very quirkyly decorated and quite kitch, which we thought suited it and made it a nice place to stay. Cleanliness was never a problem, even in the shared bathrooms. At first I was a bit worried about the shared bathrooms, especially at being 6 months pregnant, but we only ever had to wait once and even then, it wasn't that long.The rooms were very basic but livable. We had a standard double which had a small double bed and a large single in. The beds are very hard (we ended up swapping rooms) but there is more than enough space for luggage and purchases.The hotel is in a fantastic location, especially for food. You have the subway at Union Square 5 minutes walk away, and there is a market on Union Square on Saturdays. There is Gramacey Cafe just up from the hotel on the corner, which serves the best breakfasts and has the most extensive menu we've ever seen! The service is fantastic and definitely a great find. Opposite the Gramacey and the hotel is Mumbles Restaurant (not hard to miss, so watch out for it), which serves the best burgers we've ever tasted and excellent service, not expensive either. Then there is Pete's Tavern just round the corner from the hotel which was a great bar and restaurant with good food, prices and service.The things that let this hotel down were the staff who just really couldn't be bothered to do any work. We asked to have our room changed after our first night (explained later) and the morning receptionist said we'd have to come back after 1 as he couldn't do anything, and we went back after 1 to the afternoon receptionist who said it had to be done in the morning as the cleaners wouldn't be able to clean our room, which would mean they couldn't rent it out when we moved! Then another evening we waited 5 minutes for the receptionist to have a cigarette whilst we waited at reception (in view of him) and the phone was ringing constantly - he just ignored us.The central heating is a mess! The first night we were woken 5 times by the radiator as it had air in the pipes and sounded as if someone was hitting it with a hammer at full force. We asked to be moved but as they couldn't it was switched off and we were given a portable heater. This didn't work as its obviously a problem with air in all the pipes and the portable one was useless so the room just ended up freezing cold. When we were moved to the other side of the hotel on a different floor we had the same problem but we managed to solve it by turning it off. It just left the room freezing again.Showers in the morning are pointless as they run out of hot water. We waited about an hour for the rush for showers to die down and the water was still freezing. We then heard over the cleaner's walkie-talkie that everyone was phoning reception to say there was no hot water, so we gave up trying. You'd think at the prices you were paying you'd at least get hot water! We're glad we didn't pay double for a room with a bathroom.There were no tea/coffee facilities in the rooms we stayed in, which was disappointing when returning from a full day. Otherwise we liked the hotel and its location, they just need to improve a few things to make it definitely worth the money!	
Nov 30 2007	Charming hotel	Really liked the European hotel style,Nice woodwork and funky lift. The personnel seemed relatively friendly and competent. The hotel was clean, quiet and well located. Lots of restaurants and a major subway stop just a few blocks away. Our major complaint was a lack of hot water. One morning the shower went from warm to ice cold and stayed that way. The other days it was warm, not hot. We had a room with private bath. At 200$ plus tax one would expect a hot shower.Otherwise the room was comfortable,large enough with coffee maker and decent mattress.	
Nov 28 2007 	Fab Location - Standard Hotel	I recently stayed at Hotel 17 for 5 nights for was generally quite impressed. The service at the lobby was fine, despite reading some bad reviews. Our room (807) was larger than average, so plenty of room to store luggage and many new purchases! The decor was a kitsch mix and quite charming with clashing striped wallpaper and weathered wooden furnishings. I had major reservations about the idea of shared bathrooms, but apart from the morning rush it was never occupied. I would avoid room 806 though - its door is directly opposite the bathroom and I should imagine it's quite noisy, especially as the walls seem to be paper thin. In terms of the location - this hotel is fab and has plenty of great places to eat/drink within walking distance. Try the cocktails at 'Olives' on Park Avenue for chic start to any evening. I would happily recommended Hotel 17 if nothing else but for it's location and price (it was very cheap) but 4 words of advice for anyone thinking of staying here - BEWARE THE BED BUGS!!!!	
Nov 21 2007 	great value	I booked hotel 17 for me and my boyfriend after recommendations from friends and positive reviews from this site, as well as finding a great rate for it at hostelbookers. Just wanted to echo all the good comments on here - this is a great value hotel in an excellent location, and we felt really comfortable here. was a bit nervous about it before arriving,as was not sure about the shared bathrooms and while our priority was location and price, we also wanted to somewhere that we could relax in after a day out in the city. We were not disappointed - had a really lovely, big room (603) with an extra bed in even though we just booked a standard double, which was clean, light, with a decent TV and lots of charming furnishings! We never had to wait to use a bathroom which was always kept clean, the nearby subway at union square is very handy for all parts of the city, and we were able to walk easily to the east and west villages, lower east side etc for all the good bars, shops and restaurants . There were a couple of minor flaws - when we first arrived the service was a little surly, and it would have been nice to have access to a proper bath as well as a shower (there were no taps on the bath). But these are very minor details - overall we loved the hotel and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking to stay in new york who dont want to blow their budget on overpriced hotels!	
Oct 31 2007 	Hotel 17	I booked this hotel seeing the good reviews and was not disappointed. The hotel is very clean, friendly staff and even though there are shared bathrooms there is never a problem with cleanliness.This is a budget hotel, it is essentially a place to sleep so don't expect anything other than that. However there is luggage storage and ample information on hand regarding New York.The hotel is in a central and nice area, the union square or 3rd ave subway stations are only a few blocks away. There is also a nice cafe serving huge amounts of food on the corner of 3rd ave.If you want a cheap quality hotel then this is it. If you also book way in advance you also get good prices. If I am coming back to New York in the future then I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Oct 27 2007 	OK FOR MANHATTAN PRICES BUT UNACCEPTABLE OTHERWISE	We knew about exorbitant prices in Manhattan and chose this one because of the reviews read on tripadvisor, we were really afraid of other budget hotels. Hotel 17 is quite clean, but also old-fashioned and uncomfortable. We rated &quot;2&quot; because we're speaking about Manhattan hotels, otherwise it would be &quot;0&quot; or less if possible, because it's absolutely exorbitant to pay so much for so a dump. It was not our first time in NYC and we know it's normal to stay at bad hotels paying too much. Unfortunately, that's the way it is.	
Oct 26 2007 	Location Location - clean and comfortable too	After staying in the super touristy-expensive Midtown Manhattan, Hotel 17 was a welcome change. Walking distance to Union Square, the Subway, The East Village, and short taxi/subway rides to SoHo, Chinatown, and further downtown made this hotel the perfect one for a couple of 30+ travellers on a budget. Do not expect the Ritz - the rooms are clean, quirky and comfortable. The slightly noisy aircon was worth being comfortable, and the TV provided entertainment when we wanted to zone out and relax. Bathrooms were always clean, and although there was sometimes a wait, the fact that there are 4 on every floor meant that if you were desperate you could always go to the next floor up or down.Overall, we had a great stay, and would definately recommend this for travellers on a budget who dont need all the bells and whistles. The Ice machine on the first floor was also a good feature, considering that there are no mini-fridges in the rooms.	
Oct 25 2007 	Great for the price	The room and bathroom had nice, new fixtures and furniture. High ceilings, wood paneling. Good location. Only downside was a noisy, hot radiator at the head of the bed. Was there during blizzard and hotel was very accommodating with letting us extend our stay and not changing rooms.	
Oct 25 2007	Great location clean confortable	Location is very good, bedrooms are really clean, also shared bathrooms. We felt really confortable!	
Oct 20 2007 	It could have been perfect...	There is so much to like about this hotel: It is cheap for New York, it is very centrally located and there are many good diners, restaurants, supermarkets, etc. nearby. I will definitely stay here again, but the next time I will be sure to mind two things:1) Stay clear of room 204 (it has a private bathroom) The room is very close to some kind of &quot;AC-unit&quot;/generator-thing located in an alley below the window next to the bed and it continually makes so much noise that it is completely impossible to sleep in the room - and I am not usually squemish about this. It sounds as if a car is running right next to the bed!The guy who manned the desk the night we arrived acted oblivious to our complaint about this, although I cannot possibly believe that no one has complained about this before. The following morning the very nice and helpful young man, James, moved us to a different and very satisfactory room, though - room 316. The air conditioning in the room was loud, but this seems to be the case everywhere in the hotel.2: Stay clear of their car serviceThey will rip you off big time. Upon arrival at your chosen destination they will charge you a much larger amount of money than you were informed the service would cost at the hotel. Upon refusal to pay their outrageous prices (we were charged $15 more than agreed upon with the hotel for our drive to JFK), they attempt to intimidate you into handing over the cash.	
Oct 16 2007	Good location great price	We needed a room for a Saturday night in October in this, the Union Square area, that didn't cost much. Very few places to choose from, all either booked or too much $. Found this place thru networking. Room was $150 for double bed which is a bargain. Decent size. Shared bath concerned us but actually was fine. The front desk was inept in giving directions. Parking was a block away in a garage. Safe neighborhood. Would stay there again if we must be in that neighborhood. Definately not a place to stay with children.	
Oct 16 2007	OK but beware	Firstly, they gave away our room, even though we had booked weeks in advance and had called them the day we were to arrive to confirm. The man on the front desk called John was extremely rude and suggested we lied about calling. It was a nightmare, especially as this was 2 am after a long flight. He had no sympathy and could not have been more unhelpful. He didn't once apologize either. We felt completely unwelcome. We ended up at their sister hotel (Hotel 31) paying more that first night. We were back at Hotel 17 for the rest of our stay and things were fine after that. The guy on the front desk during the day is clearly more adept at dealing with the public. His name is James and he is very nice and helpful. He suggested a good breakfast place nearby called Sunburst (18th and 3rd).The room (623) was a good room to have - quite big for NYC and quiet. Two windows. Shared bathroom (they all are). However, I can imagine some of the rooms are noisy being close to the bathrooms or near the doors from the elevators. I also hear that they are mostly small rooms - so ask for 623! This is the sort of place where the enjoyment of your stay depends on the room you happen to have.And watch out for John on the front desk. If he is still there.	
Oct 11 2007 	Great Place!!!!	My friend and I recently stayed in Hotel 17 for 5 nights. We had a wonderful experience. The staff was friendly and helpful. Sharing a bath was never a problem and was always clean. We had a room with two twin beds and the room was larger than the double bed rooms that we saw. The location was was great and close to the subway. I would stay here again, plus the $ was terrific!	
Sep 17 2007 	tiny room but it was comfortable!	A reasonably priced hotel in Manhattan, New York? Yes it does exist, but it was never going to be too flash either. My room was small, very small, but still quite comfortable, and I like my comfort.I got a single room with only a sink, the bathroom was a share down the hall, but since there was 2 of them I never had to wait and it was clean and everything worked. Everything was clean and neat.The hotel is in a quiet street and not too far from the nearest subway station and one could even walk to Union Square without too much effort. Reception was pretty uninspiring, but I had nothing to complain about.A/C in the hallways was practically non-existant ( i was there in summer), the A/C unit in my bedroom actually worked thank God.Next time in New York, unless I win the lottery, I shall stay in Hotel 17 again.	
Sep 13 2007 	Great value location and atmosphere	Our party of six stayed in three rooms at the Hotel 17 for five days over the Labour Day weekend. It’s hard to add anything new to the posts below, but I’ll reiterate that it’s a comfortable, clean, well located, and well priced hotel in midtown Manhattan. Everything is a little worn around the edges, and perhaps the wallpaper and carpet don’t match, but everything is well maintained and very clean. It feels a bit strange to use a shared bathroom, but pretend you’re in a dorm room in university, or at the office – it’s really not much different than that. Fortunately, the bathrooms are kept scrupulously clean, and I always found one free when I had to use it. Some of the rooms are quite spacious and bright, while others are not much bigger than the double bed squeezed into them. The ceilings are twelve feet high, so even the small rooms do not feel claustrophobic. If you don’t like your room, ask to be moved. There is only one elevator which is rather slow, so this is a good chance to get fit and use the stairs. During our stay the elevator actually broke down one night and the fire department had to rescue a passenger. The elevator was up and running the next day. In my short stay I found it to be a quiet, and safe neighbourhood. The Gramercy Diner located two minutes away at 3rd Ave and 17th is an excellent place for breakfast. The major subway station at Union Park is an eight to ten minute walk away.	
Sep 7 2007	Can't Beat the Value!	We're in New York City a lot (love the theater!), and our budget is small. This is absolutely the best bargain hotel we've found: clean, quiet, comfortable, excellent location. And my squeamish wife will tell you that sharing a bathroom is not a problem at all. Since you're saving $$$, splurge at the wonderful Pure Food and Wine restaurant just around the corner on Irving. And have breakfast at Friend of a Farmer, also on Irving.	
Sep 6 2007 	Great location close to public transport	This is a great location to stay. Close to Union Sq station on the subway, which makes getting almost anywhere really easy. Lots of cheap food options and a good quality supermarket (whole foods at union square). Union sq also has a farmers market 4 times a week which has lots of good food.The hotel itself is pretty run down. It trades on the fact that Madonna stayed there once and Woody Alan made a movie there. This hasn't help the dated decore, old furnishings, flaking plaster and tiny bathrooms (which are shared!). We stayed 8 days and usually had no problem getting a bathroom in the morning or evening. The room has it own hand basin and towels were supplied, but you had to ask for fresh ones (see below).The room had aircon which was very loud but kept it cool. In fact the noise of the aircon help drown out the noise of the street and other residents slamming doors. The bed was reasonably firm and the room was only made up in the mornings if you specifically asked for it, otherwise the maids wouldn't go near it.Reception staff were typical of most US hotels in the budget range. Courteous but don't ask too many questions as it just annoys them. Usually they looked bored when you spoke to them and their responses were lacking any enthusiasm.Overall, the hotels location is it's saving grace. Great for anyone wanting to experience Manhattan, but don't expect the Ritz when you stay here.	
Sep 3 2007 	Value for money!	We would have to agree with past reviews about Hotel 17. Perfect budget hotel, very clean, well kept, no problems whatsoever with shared bathrooms (first time we had tried this) always clean and available. Three of us (Mom daughter and friend) stayed in a triple room, beds were clean and comfortable, room enough for three of us plus luggage and shopping. (There was a sink/vanity in our room and towels/toiletries were there, not in the bathrooms) We knew what to expect in the way of decoration from past reviews and hotel photos! After three busy days of sightseeing and shopping we didn't even notice the funky wallpaper! The hallways (quite narrow upstairs) and front entrance are clean and well kept, desk staff courteous and helpful. The elevator is a work of art! The Gramercy diner is at 17th and 3rd and is open 24hrs, good inexpensive food. We also enjoyed a dinner at Mumbles at the S/E corner of 17th/3rd, just south of this is a store/deli which serves coffee/tea/juice/bagels etc for breakfast to go. Neighbourhood is very pleasant, quiet, easy walk to Union Sq for subway. Overall great stay, good value, we will go back, it's a hotel with lots of character.	
Aug 30 2007 	great location budget hotel	Excellent location right next to the Empire state building, brilliant for a week in NYC, great location for shopping, I stayed here by myself and felt safe and secure. ok reception staff and no problems throughout, didnt spent alot of time there so fitted the purpose fine, got a double bed so even more happier, tiny room but hey i didnt mind!	
Aug 22 2007 	cheap and perfect	this was my 1st trip to the big apple. i stayed here for 6 days in the very hot month of august and is well worth checking out if you are on a budget, my room on the 5th floor was small but i wasn't in it much and had a shared bathroom(there are 2) which i never had to wait to use there is a small sink in the room and an air con unit which even though was noisy was absolute bliss in temps over a 100 .the hotel is situated about 5 minute walk from union square and is very easily accsesable to the subway which compared to london is very cheap. with the money i saved staying here i had more money to spend on the more important things like clothes!!! the room was clean and was cleaned every day what more can you ask for, if you intend to stay in your hotel room you are missing out on the whole nyc experience.what more can i say, stay here save money spend more on yourself you know you deserve it.i will be back!!!!!	
Aug 7 2007 	Fabulous!	Somewhat nervously I approached our stay here. Not because of reviews of Hotel 17 itself, but other budget hotels in NYC. Soooo pleasantly surprised!! The lobby was nice and cool (yes, tiny, but who cares). The guy behind the desk was nice enough, if not overly friendly. We had a room on the 7th floor right across from the bathroom--perfect luck! And the room... absolutely perfect. Clean, not too small--just right. Sink, TV, AC, and a very nice bed, firm mattress. Absolutely recommend this place and would stay here again. Pretty good location. Some eateries close by and easy enough walk to Devi on 18th, eg. (Great indian food!). So close to Union Square's Greenmarket.	
Aug 5 2007 	I traveled alone with the kids good value and felt safe in a strange city	I'd never been to NYC and was unsure of what to expect. I needed to save money so booked a room based on reviews on tripadvisor.com. The room was exactly as I expected. Slightly worn, but more than comfortable. Air conditioning worked just fine, enough tv channels to satisfy, and a very clean bathroom, always available. A very short walk to a grocery store (small), we took cabs mostly, but did try the subway and walked a bit. The staff was able to accurately answer any questions we had right away. Not overly friendly, but did the job more than adequately. For the money, I was more than satisfied. Had a great time and the kids (5 and 7 yrs old) want to go back. No disappointments here!	
Jul 20 2007	Great for the Price	For our purposes, this hotel was just right: good location close to Union Square, comfortable beds, quiet room with quiet air conditioning unit, pleasant, helpful front desk staff. The room was slightly shabby, but great for the price. We have stayed in some incredibly small rooms in non-chain, budget hotels. Our room here was a triple and provided adequate space for the three of us (husband, wife, adult child) to spread out. You have to hang the &quot;maid service&quot; card on the door to have your room made up or get fresh linens, and that service was a little on the slow side. We shared a bath (sink in room) and didn't have trouble with access, but the bath did start needing some attention before it got it.	
Jul 17 2007 	Perfect for us	My husband and I stayed at Hotel 17 from July 13 - 16 and had a great experience. The staff was helpful, the rooms clean, and the bed was very comfortable. The bathrooms were kept immaculate and were always available.	
Jul 9 2007 	Charming little European style hotel	I stayed here on my last visit to NYC for a gathering of the Oscar Wilde Society of America. I was on my own in New York and this place was ideal. The hotel is charming and the staff is friendly and helpful. It's located in a very quiet location near Gramercy Park and the walk to Union Square to catch a subway was fairly close and convenient. I was worried about having to share a bathroom, but I never had any trouble or wait and the bathrooms were very clean.Yes, it's small and funky, but it was perfect for me and the price was right.	
Jul 5 2007	When is 17> 33?	I took my better half to NYC for his bday during a June heatwave. I had planned this trip for months - secured tickets to a show we wanted to see, arranged transportation, and hotel, Hotel 33. I got a rate of 110 for a double with a shared bath. NIce deal eh?Well we get there in this 95 degree heat and want to check in and the manager says `You canceled this reservation.' HUH? Well luckily we have a sister hotel -Hotel 17 that can accomdate you. It was true they could but at 169 + tax. It was one night, it was my honey's bday I didn't want to make a scene nor did I want to go all over Manhatten trying to find a place that could accomodate us. That sets the scene for me being grumbly about the hotel. I will try not to let my bitterness color it too much. Pros-Nice Bathroom--spacious, clean, nice towels, soap/shampoo/lotion. THere was an A/C!! Nice neighborhood-really good breakfast place on the corner. Reception guy was friendly and helpful.Cons-the room was small, really small. The double bed was more like a single+ --it wasn't a double. It was dingey-we got about the worst room in the house, our view was a brick wall and bird poop. And we were next to the ice machine. The whole hotel felt cramped-small hallways, reception, stairs and I am a average sized woman.It was not the worst hotel experience I ever had-but it wasn't good and I would not rush to either Hotel 17 ot 33 again.	
Jun 27 2007 	You know what you'll get	Read the tripadvisor review and that’s exactly what you will get!Small rooms, a bit worn out as well.Bathroom in the hall.Central. Convenient.No great hotel but location is good and the sunburst café just around the corner is excellent!If you don’t plan to stay much in your room anyway this is a good offer!	
Jun 26 2007 	Fantastic value for $$ hotel in downtown Manhattan	Hotel 17 is a great value for money hotel in downtown Manhattan. I narrowed my choices of hotels within my budget to 3 and used TripAdvisor to make the final choice. The hotel is in a great location 2 blocks away from Union Square so using the subway was easy. We were close to most attractions some even in walking distance. Cafes around the vicinty were great and the area is definately upper-class, at no time did we feel unsafe even after attending shows and travelling on the subway at 11pm. A priority for me was cleanliness of the rooms and shared bathrooms, I was not disappointed. Each floor has 20 rooms and there were 10 rooms on each wing of the floor. With 2 bathrooms in each wing and 4 bathrooms on each floor we never had to wait to use either the shower or toilet. Cleanliness was a priority to the hotel and thankfully the bathrooms were absolutely clean. I saw one of the cleaners cleaning a bathroom and everything was scrubbed down with disinfectant and other aromatic cleaners. Thanks Hotel 17 for providing a fantastic value for money hotel, thanks Tripadvisor for providing this website allowing ndependent review.	
Jun 12 2007 	Great Budget Hotel for Solo Woman Traveler	First time at Hotel 17 for Memorial Day weekend -- very European style hotel. As other reviewers have noted, the bathrooms were always clean and available. The room is just the right size for one person for a long weekend. Room was clean and quiet, as was the air conditioner. The neighborhood is mostly university and residential. Great mix of people on the streets; I felt safe everywhere. Fantastic value for the money. Only negative I can think of: the property is nearly 5 blocks from the subway. No big deal in nice weather, but may be an issue otherwise. For the courageous: rent a bike at Manhattan Velo (1 block west of Hotel 17). It is the best way to see New York!	
Jun 11 2007	Great Place to Stay for mid/lower east side in NYC	Stayed here for 5 days based on location that was close to conference, etc. It was a good stay - quiet (no joke!) with the shared bathrooms never once being occupied when I wanted to use them. Room decor, as illustrated on the hotel's web site, is a bit ecletic and the total light bulb wattage is mybe 30 lumens- maybe the lack of light helped concela some of zippy wallpaper!Lot of reasonably priced places nearby for a meal as well as a 5 minute walk to Union Sq. with its numerous subway connections.	
Jun 6 2007 	Great place great staff great price	My friend and I came to Hotel 17 one evening after being treated horribly by a nearby facility (see my review of Union Square Inn on this Web site). A little desperate for affordable accommodations in Manhattan, and knowing it was late in the day, we didn't know what to expect (and weren't expecting much). The place was perfect!It's a small, no-frills place in a great neighborhood. It rents rooms with private baths, but many of their accommodations are rooms that share a bath in the hall. They also rent by the week. But this is NOT an SRO, hostel, residential hotel or dorm. In June 2007, the rates were $150/night for a room that shares a bath, and $200 for a room with a private bath. For that you get an elevator to the upper floors, and a safe, perfectly serviceable, clean, air-conditioned room with a clean bath in a safe neighborhood for the night. There is a TV and a room safe for valuables. It was absolutely spot-on for our needs; it's not a place to host guests like a suites business hotel would be, but that's not what we were there for.Front desk staff was consistently nice, good-mannered, helpful, funny. The location is excellent, being just a few blocks from the subway, and half a block from 3rd or 2nd where you can easily get a cab (unless it's rush hour). And it's a quiet side street. You can walk to so, so many attractions and neighborhoods worth checking out, like Little Italy. The Gramercy Park area is chock full of good restaurants, pubs, nightclubs and other places to chill out in the company of neighborhood residents.All the way around, an excellent experience. We'll make rezzies here again!	
May 14 2007 	Great NYC Budget Hotel	If you are looking for a cheap, no-frills hotel in NYC, Hotel 17 is a great choice! I have stayed at this hotel twice and would definitely consider staying there again in the future. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the quirky atmosphere makes it a fun stay. One disadvantage is that the rooms do not have their own bathrooms. There are sinks and mirrors in each of the rooms, but if you have to use the toilet or shower be prepared to go down the hall to one of the bathrooms(think of it like staying in a house). Despite the fact that other hotel patrons have to use the same toilet and shower, the facilities are kept incredibly clean and I have never had any problems waiting for an available bathroom. The location is also great and puts you right next to Union Square with a close walking distance to the nearest subway.	
Apr 29 2007	Bedbugs in Hotel 17	I stayed at the Hotel L on March 20, 2007, in room 715. Two days later, I realized I had been attached by bedbugs – some 15-20 bites on my left hips and both elbows, big red circles that itched and itched. I had never encountered bedbugs before, but I showed the bites to my daughter (whose apartment had been infested with them) and she made a positive identification: big red circles lined up – bedbugs walk along the body in a line, biting as they go. When I got home from New York, I called the Hotel 17 to report my experience and to request a refund for my one-night stay. The person at the desk said they’d check and get back to me. When I didn’t hear back I called again, and the person said they hadn’t found any evidence of bedbugs. But I had realized, thinking back on it, that the room had a very strong smell of disinfectant cleaners, which I didn’t smell anywhere else in the hotel – not in the hallway or the bathroom or the lobby. So that made me think that they knew that room 715 had bedbugs, that they’d tried to get rid of them, and that they’d put me in that room knowing that bedbugs were there. When I asked to speak to the manager, the person at the desk wouldn’t put me through. I left several messages asking the manager to call me and he never did. The person at the desk told me that the manager offered to give me a 10% discount on my next visit, which hardly seems like enough to make up for the trauma of being attacked by bedbugs on that visit. I will not return to the Hotel 17 again, and suggest that anyone who stays there should check for evidence of bedbugs before they take the room.	
Apr 23 2007 	Would recommend this hotel.	Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in April 2007. We found this hotel pretty easily, and it is on a reasonably quiet and residential street in Manhatten. I was very concerned about sharing a bathroom, and enquired as to the possibility of upgrading to an ensuite, when we checked in. However, I was informed that this was going to be an extra $70 per night, so I decided to make do!I need not have worried though, there never seemed to be anyone in the bathrooms, and I never had to wait, plus they were spotlessly clean, no problem at all. The room while not huge, was pefectly adequate, with a comfy bed, and it was always warm enough. We slept really well, and the street was fairly quiet considering it was New York. Whenever we asked for help from reception they were always obliging and friendly.However, one warning....the hotel were keen to order us their &quot;car service&quot; back to JFK airport, as they claimed you could get over charged in a normal yellow cab. They quoted $56 for the trip, to include toll and tip. Their driver arrived on time, but he demanded money for the toll, and the bill came to $66! We argued that this was not the price quoted by the hotel, but he was having none of it, and I would not be surprised if this is a regular occurance, he was just lucky that we had enough money to pay him, but he was definately trying his luck!I would recommend getting a yellow cab, as these are all on a fixed rate, and there are plenty of them about. Cheaper still, take the subway from Union Square.Overall though, a great little hotel.	
Apr 20 2007 	Terrible night's sleep	This is a great budget hotel but make sure you don't get stuck in one of the rooms on the four corners of the hotel like we did. The hot water pipe for the whole hotel runs through the room and is right next to the bed. The noise that this makes throughout the night is unbelievable and it is impossible to sleep through it. Opt for a room with a private bathroom and you'll be ok - the hotel is in a great location and the decor and cleanliness is fine - just make sure you're in a room without a hot water pipe if you want to get any sleep!	
Apr 11 2007 	Good budget hotel	Overall experience wasn't too bad as the check-in process was fast and good and the shared bathroom was clean. However, be careful with your belongings and keep your valuables at a safe place. My friend lost a couple of her toiletries although she wasn't sure whether she placed it at the shared bath or in the room. Another guest lost her jewellery, which she misplaced it at the shared bathroom. The walk from Union Station to Hotel 17 is a bit quiet at night. Thank goodness there were quite a few eateries along the road, which is usually packed at night. Check out Corbet and Conley, a cafe near the hotel. It was our breakfast hangout for most mornings!	
Mar 30 2007 	great central and clean	quite reasonable cost for new york $85 for a double room.great location just of union square but on a quiet street.lovely atmosphere not fancy but great decor.shared bathrooms but spotlessly clean and never had to wait to use.beds very comfy with tv/dvd player in room.would definately go there again	
Mar 23 2007 	FABULOUS	My most recent stay at this hotel was in March 2007. This was my second time here.Contrary to the bad reviews I have seen for this hotel, I found it to be very good indeed. The hotel is by no means a palace, but you get what you pay for and this was exactly what I needed - a clean, comfortable room. The room was a good size. Lets face it - this is the city that never sleeps so you are hardly in your room anyway. The shared bathrooms were clean, and with four on every floor there was never a queue. For anyone who prefers their own bathroom, the hotel offers en-suite in some of its rooms.The hotel staff were all extremely helpful and polite.The location (just off Union Square) is perfect and in my opinion this is the nicest part of Manhattan. You have good subway links at Union Square and you are just a short walk from the heart of Greenwich Village. The square is also an ideal starting point for getting uptown or downtown, either by foot, on bus, or by the Subway.I will definitely return to Hotel 17. (one other thing - its worth checking out Gramercy Cafe on the corner of third avenue and 17th st, about 2 mins from the hotel - excellent service and food).I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 19 2007	Get what you pay for	Good value and not a bad location. Rooms are small and very little day light but they are clean and the service is good. Recommend to budget travellers. There is something nice about the decor.	
Mar 19 2007	Hotel 17 - Will Definately Go Back!!	Hotel 17 is great for the budget traveller. My previous experience of staying in NY was horrendous, so it was with a lot of trepidation that I arrived at the hotel. Past experience had let me to be very cautious about what you book on the net and what you actually get can be two completely different things. But not in this case. I was met with complete courtesy at the front desk and help with any queries. I liked this place as it had character and the fact that it could have been the set of some 1950's noir movie also gave it a bit of something extra (believe it was the set for a Woody Allen film as well), but I digress. The room we booked- a triple, was roomy had all the basic essentials, we had to share the bathroom and toilet with the rest of the hall, however we never had to wait and they were always spotless (a sink in the room proved very handy). The hotel was generally quiet, accomodating as we wanted to change our booking dates etc last minute and offered helpful suggestions of things to go see and do. The area is also quite handy, there are some great little restaurants (Joe Juniors Diner I think it's called is fantastic which is just around the corner) near by for food, as well as close to the underground, bars etc... I think you would be hardpressed to be anywhere in NY and not be close to a great bar/area anyways. The only thing that I would mention is the smoking areas in the hotel were a bit unclear. We had a non smoking room, however the hallway we were in did smell very strongly of ciggarette's and there were ashtrays placed along them. This did not bother us hugely, however I can imagine that this would be an issue for some people. All in all the hotel was a bit quirky in its decor, friendly in its service, and provided all the essential basics you look for in a hotel at a very reasonable price. I will be definately going back next time I am in NY. I believe there is a sister hotel, Hotel 31 also located in Manhattan which I have yet to try.	
Mar 16 2007	100% perfect for me.	When I arrived my check in was quick an painless, despite the fact that I was very early. The room was spotless. I opted for a private bath and was satisfied with this and the room. It is on th smallside but I onl need a place to sleep and shower.The price was reasonable, the staff helpful and the checkout just as simple and quick. I felt safe on 17th st late at night walking a short distance by myself. Union Square and the subway are just a few minutes walk down the street and the whole city is accesable threw the subway. The one thing that really bothered me was that I had some very noisy neighbors who were big doorbangers. I was graeful that they left before I. There are no bells and whistles, but I didnt need them. When i reurn to NYC i plan staying here again.	
Mar 9 2007 	Great Hotel! Recommended!	It's been the first time ive been to NYC, and this hotel made my trip even better!Nice people, great atmosphere, service and location.This will be my top pick in the future! gotta check it outrecommended!	
Mar 9 2007 	Value for money!	We booked this hotel last minute as had stayed at a terrible place for one night previously. Got to Hotel 17 and were delighted with the whole experience. Very clean, fresh towels and laundry done as and when you request it; staff were friendly and very helpful. The decor is dated, but other than that the rooms were well equipped with a basin, tv, phone, heating etc. Very comfortable and good value for money in comparison to our first hotel. Highly recommend this hotel for the budget traveller(s) or if you want somewhere quaint. The old-fashioned elevator is very cool!	
Mar 6 2007	If you want maid service...	A pleasant hotel in a fine location (17th and 3rd) and a nice price. One thing to watch out for: if you want maid service---beds remade, new towels and soap etc---be sure to put the door tag out *requesting* it. At most hotels, they assume you want maid service and you have to put out a &quot;do not disturb&quot; if you don't, but here they &quot;assume&quot; (i.e. hoping you will not notice and hence save them money) that you don't want service. There is a little sign on the front desk about this, but I didn't see it when I stayed.Otherwise, no complaints: not unduly noisy, and no need to wait for a (shared) bathroom at any time.	
Feb 28 2007 	A hidden GEM!	A friend and I decided to go to NYC the week between Christmas &amp; New Years. Hotels were outrageouly priced. I did some searching and found Hotel 17 on a hotel/hostle site. The reviews I read were good so we decided to book. We were still a little scared of what we might find once we got there. I had heard of bed bug infestations throughout the city in the previous months. Suffice it to say, we were pleasantly surprised. The room was small but very cute. There was a sink in the room. The bathroom/shower was down the hall. One might think this would be gross but it was immaculately clean every single time i entered. Not a problem at all. The location was terrific also... right near Grammercy Park. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a great location at a great price!!	
Jan 28 2007 	It was OK	This hotel was by all standards ok. It was in a good spot I think, near many grocery stores and delis and of course Union Square, where the nearest subway station was also located. The hotel was quiet, pretty clean and an ok staff, which i found a bit rude at times. We paid over 150 dollars for our twin bed-room, which was pretty cheap at New York standars. But we did have shared bathrooms and I thought it was a bit annoying going out in the night and so on. Thankfully the bathrooms were very clean. The TV was pretty annoying, 'cause it only showed a small portion of channels. So I'd say this hotel is perfect if you can handle the shared bathrooms, this is a cheap hotel worth visiting.	
Jan 23 2007	right price	okay - so it's a dump...no other way of saying it. It's a charming dump though.I stayed here quite a few times and got to know the staff so now they put me in the 'penthouse' which is the slightly larger, more comfortbale room at the top - it's still got bugs and dodgy bedding.But seriosly - this place is cheap - I read someone paid £120 per night - you paid too much - I have never paid more then $100 - which is about £60.The location is fab. The bathrooms are kept quite clean considering the hotel is pretty much always fully booked. It's by no means glamorous, but I have a soft spot for this hotel.	
Jan 2 2007 	Very good stay	We booked this hotel last minute online directly with the hotel for £120 per night. Really quiet room- the only problem was there was no heating, but they did provide a good blanket! Really good shower and hairdrier in bathroom. Great area- very safe walking around at night. Would stay there again.	
Dec 24 2006 	Worked for me	The hotel is fine. I prefer the Larchmont for a shared bath hotel. My single room didn't have a sink or toilet. Only one of the two shared baths on my hall had a sink. Initially, I was concerned about that but no one seemed to use the bathrooms. The bathrooms were large.The bed had just flat sheets so they pulled off the mattress and that was the only thing on top of the mattress. The alarm clock was sitting on top of the little TV which caused amazing static on TV. (Cured once I moved the alarm -- I guess I put my electrical engineering degree to good use!)The room I had was very small -- think 2 times the width of a twin bed but was near the back and very quiet.There was no internet available -- no wireless, no wired computer in the &quot;lobby&quot;. I managed to pickup a weak signal from a neighbor but I wouldn't count on that.This is definitely not my first choice in hotels but given the difficulty in finding rooms in NYC, it is good to have a long list of acceptable places.	
Dec 20 2006	Personal Belongings Disappeared After Room Was Cleaned..	Up until this incident I had really enjoyed my time at Hotel 17, but this has to be the worst experience I have ever had overseas (and I am well travelled!).My mother and I booked a trip to NYC and Hawaii for November this year, spending 2 weeks in NY and 12 days in Hawaii. We decided to go budget in NY because everything was so expensive for what you got. A lot of rooms were booked out so the only option was a shared bath, which wasn't so bad anyway.Some people on this website are exaggerating, the staff are not ALL bad. When we arrived James was on the concierge desk and was so helpful and wonderful, and was the same for our entire stay. There was also another concierge who was wonderful, but I didn't catch his name. The hotel is quaint and cosy and very warm inside. Yes there is noise from the outside, but hello you're in NY - the city that never sleeps. I'm a light sleeper, so I just turned on the air conditioning unit at night to drown out any noise.This is what I had an issue with.On about the 10th night of our stay I realised that a pair of boots I had brought with me from Australia were missing. The boots were new and in a shoe box, in a carry bag. For some reason I had this feeling that the cleaners had thrown them out (this was despite very clearly separating the rubbish on one side of the room from the shopping bags which were on the other). It was almost midnight but I went straight down to the concierge and told him that I believed the cleaners had thrown my boots out.His response was basically, &quot;So?&quot;. I started to get pretty agitated and demanded that he called someone to find out what had happened. His response was then &quot;it's midnight, there's nothing I can do. You will have to wait until the morning&quot;. I told him that there was no way I was leaving until they were found and asked where the rubbish was. He called a staff member located elsewhere and then told me the rubbish was out the back but that nothing could be done until the morning.By this time I was getting rather angry and told him that the rubbish would be gone by the morning and so would my boots, that they were $600, new and that if they weren't found I would expect compensation. This STILL did not provoke a response.After about 15 minutes of this, I ended up having to demand rubber gloves and stood on the sidewalk (not out the back as he had said) rummaging through garbage bags. The concierge was &quot;kind enough&quot; to call some cleaning staff to point out which bags the boots could possibly be in. At no point did they or the concierge help, they stood and watched as I did this.It turned out that my boots were in one of the bags, along with a $30 Christmas card I bought at bergdorf goodman. Since returning I have remembered a few other things that I bought in NY that are missing.I have never been so humiliated or angry in my life. I never received an apology or anything but a bill from him or anyone at the hotel. I would never stay there again or recommend someone to stay there.Mostly I was disappointed because I always make a huge effort to be kind and friendly to people who have jobs in the service industry, and to be treated like dirt in return was the ultimate insult.	
Dec 20 2006 	Fabulous deal!!!	This hotel is in one of the most beautyful(and safest) neighborhoods, the whole building is newly renovated(in and out)the rooms are extremely cosy and tasteful, the staff knowledgeable and friendly.The prices are super too, that,s why I recommend to book early.This is where you want to stay in New York!!!	
Dec 13 2006 	Great for the price.	I stayed in Hotel 17 in mid October. I had no complaints. All of you who complained about the bathrooms in the hallway or the size of the rooms, do a little more research next time. Just by checking a few places on the internet I was able to get a good preview of what the rooms might be like. Quite frankly for around $120 US a night, Hotel 17 was great. It's in a great location, pretty much in the middle of things. The neighbourhood was good. The place was clean (I could hear cleaning staff doing their stuff all the time during the day). Was the room small and oddly decorated??? It sure was. Could you hear others coming and going, or just moving around the room over??? Sure could. Did it kinda blow having to go into the hallway to have a shower or use the can?? A little bit, yes. Did that seem reasonable to bear for around $120 a night in the greatest city in the world?? One huge YYEEESSSS.If you want to go to New York just to end up complaining about how your room is wallpapered strange or how you have to walk a little bit to one of a bunch of private shower/bathrooms in the hallway, then go back to wherever you came from. You should be spending as little time in your room anyways when you are in New York. The city runs 24/7. Hotel 17 may not be the Waldorf but for around 120 bucks a night it'll give you a good location, a private clean room, private washrooms steps from your door, and tv with cable.If you want more, go blow 300-400 a night somewhere else.	
Dec 12 2006 	Nice clean and cheap - excellent budget hotel!	I stayed at Hotel 17 with my boyfriend in December 06 for three nights. After having read some negative reviews I half expected to encounter unfriendly staff, bed bugs and cockroaches. After having stayed at the hotel, I wonder where the people having written these negative reviews stayed. This hotel experience was very nice in all respects. Reception staff was friendly, our room as well as the reception rooms were very clean. What I liked very much and what surprised me a lot after having read a review about &quot;bad odours&quot; was the nice, slightly flowery smell that permeated the hotel. Also the hotel was very quiet, the only noise we heard was the cooning of pigeons in front of our windows. Contrary to other reviewers I find the location of the hotel, not far from Union Square, very convenient.All in all the hotel experience was much better than I expected. And it was a comparatively cheap one too!	
Dec 7 2006 	If You Don't Need a Private Bath Stay Here	I was VERY annoyed that the room that I booked did not have a private bathroom. This is NOT mentioned on their reservations web page of the hotel's web site, and Orbitz does not mention it either. This strikes me as being fairly dishonest. I would not have stayed there had I known that I would have to go down the hall to take a shower. (I paid $150+ per night so it never occurred to me that I would not have a toilet or tub in my room.)The front desk staff is very unhelpful, bordering on rude. There was no possibility of &quot;upgrade.&quot;The wallpaper was torn and one wall did not match at all, as if they had run out of the pattern. The lighting was awful, with a single lamp and a dim overhead light in the 12 foot ceiling and a fixture that was like a bare lightbulb over the sink. Very depressing.The only good thing was the location. Even so, the condo conversions going on next door woke us up with the pounding of construction noise. I like Gramercy Park, but next time I'm trying the Park South Hotelin Murray Hill. (This may have been a very nice hotel at one time in the past, but those days are gone.)	
Nov 26 2006 	Great value for money	My husband and I first discovered Hotel 17 a few years ago. Since then we have stayed here several times--excellent location, clean rooms and bath, very helpful staff. Staying there makes us feel like part of the neighborhood when we return.	
Nov 22 2006	Who was saying Hotel 17 is a "gem"???	Wow, where do I start? The positives--quiet street (but not the hotel). The negatives--cramped rooms; cheap, uncomfortable bed. An army cot would have been more comfortable. But the worst was: uncaring service staff and construction on the next two rooms to mine, BANGING, DRILLING, SCREECHING EVERY day from 8 am to 4:30 pm. When I complained, no apologies, no ability to move me to another room. And the piece de resistance, bathrooms in the hallway, so I'd have to wait in the morning to get in line to use bathroom or take shower. Off the beaten path as well--not convenient to many parts of town.The clientele seemed to be mostly European. Our standards and theirs I suppose are not the same. This isn't Dubrovnik or Prague, this is NYC.In summary, probably the worst hotel I've stayed at in about the last 10 years. Spend a couple more dollars and find a decent hotel, in a more convenient part of town.Down the street though, great little diner open 24 hours, called Gramercy Diner, on corner of 3rd ave, and 17th street.	
Nov 20 2006 	FUN	Nice quiet street... I had a single room (shared bath) facing 17th street. The bathrooms were clean, as was my room... The staff was friendly.. Overall.. I had a great time for $100/ night... I would definately stay here again....	
Nov 16 2006 	Roaches...	This was my second time at Hotel 17. It is a very nice little hotel for budget travellers. I liked it enough to return there. But there are also some things I don't like about the place. The worst thing is that this time we spotted several cockroaches in the bathrooms, and also one in our room (thank god it was on the day we were leaving, I don't know how I could have slept there knowing there's a cockroach around). I guess this is quite a normal thing in NYC, but still it felt uncomfortable.This time we stayed on the 6th floor at the back of the hotel. On the way to our room I expected the view to be just a wall of another building, but it was a much nicer view. Also a room with two separate beds was bigger than a room with one large bed that we had last summer. It was a pleasant surprise. I wouldn't be surprised if the hotel had a problem with mold. The room smelled really bad all the time, kind of moist and damp. We were coughing and sneezing all the time. Some reviews say the reception staff are rude. I've never had any problems with them. I would probably return to this hotel if it was for a few nights only, despite the roaches and the possible mold, because I bet you can't find better for this price.	
Nov 14 2006 	Great value and location	Just stayed there 4 nights. No problems whatsoever. I had a double with a private bathroom. It was very quiet, and the room was clean and neat. Front desk staff was friendly. Great location too, 3 blocks from the subway. I'm booking here next time I go.	
Nov 10 2006 	Great Place for Travelers on a Budget	Staying at Hotel 17 while in Manhattan was a great experience. The hotel has a dramatic yet quirky interior reminiscent of the 1920's. My friend and I stayed in a double room with a shared bathroom and were pleased with our decision to stay at Hotel 17. The East Village/Grammercy area that the hotel is located in is completely safe and mere walking distance to great shopping, food and the subway system. The only minor inconvenience that we experience was that the comforters on our beds were a bit thread-bare. But, really we could not complain for the rate that we were paying. As mentioned in previous reviews, the customer service was not 'amazing' but to be honest the customer service is not great in most of Manhattan.If you are checking in early you can leave your bags in a holding area. The front desk will give you baggage claim tickets to hook onto your luggage and then a staff member from the hotel will lock them up for you. They generally are not keene on letting people check in before their standard 3:00pm check-in time.A key to having a great time in Manhattan and specifically at Hotel 17 is to learn to be flexible and simply get caught up in what this amazing city has to offer. I had such a great time that I am already planning my return trip to NYC!	
Oct 30 2006 	Great little gem in Gramercy Park area	I went to New York with 2 friends for a long weekend away from Montreal. We shared a room with a double and a single bed, located on the 7th floor. Our room had a sink, and the bathrooms were conveniently located across the hall. The beds were very comfortable, the room was clean, the tv worked well, as did the a/c. The decor is interesting, but adds to the charm of the hotel. The bathrooms are spotless, clean, and seem to have been recently renovated. We never had to wait for one to be free. The staff were very helpful and accomodating, and we were very pleased with our stay. Some people seemed to have problems with the elevator, either not understanding how it works, or frustrated with the old technology, and with how slow it was. This really wasn't an issue for us. The best thing about this hotel is how quiet it is! This is New York, so I wasn't expecting a restful sleep, but 17th St. between 2nd and 3rd is so quiet and residential! There is a park across the street, and the surrounding area is very pleasant - great for exploring by foot. I would recommend Cafe Gramercy on the corner of 3rd Ave. and 17th, as well as Paul's Place on 3rd at 21st. While your near 21st , take a stroll around Gramercy Park. All in all, we had a sublime few days in one of my favourite cities, thanks in part to our stay at Hotel 17.	
Oct 20 2006	Lovely architecture and design lousy customer service	The property actually is better than i expected in terms of beauty and cleanliness. We loved the dark wood, low lighting and European feel. The rooms are spare but clean and tolerable for the cost.With the exception of one lovely front desk guy from India tho, most the customer service was horrible. Most of the people working at the desk seemed to absolutely hate being there. It was hard to get help with even the most basic problems. But when we had an extra night in NY and every space in the city under $150 seemed sold out, this hotel did the trick, so we're grateful.	
Oct 11 2006 	hotel 17 rocks	You might read my review of the commonly owned Hotel 31 as the properties have some similarities. Because only 2 nights were available at 31, I booked 2 nights at 17. There was a price differential-134. per night instead of 100 per night (prices are plus taxes). I would have to say both were ok; very good for this price range, frankly, I didn't know there were acceptable hotels in this price range in NYC. Now I have no excuse not to go. Hotel 17 is slightly better on most scores than Hotel 31. At 17 we got a room in the front, so we did hear honking horns, but not very many. The room was larger and brighter, I want to say the bed was bigger, there was a new air conditioner-useful even the first week in october-, the TV cable channels more interesting. All of these things are probably not worth the extra money if you must be very tight, but I think for me they were. The location is near lots and lots of shops, restaurants of the first order, and everything you go to NYC to do...for example a cab back from Chelsea or the West Village is about 6 or 7 dollars. If you're in good shape you can just walk everywhere and be perfectly happy in this part of town.	
Oct 10 2006 	Great Location	Fantastic location, we could walk everywhere.The rooms were basic but clean -made up every day and towels changed. The shared bathrooms were spotless and again were cleaned every day, as one would expect.	
Oct 8 2006 	Good value 	Room was sparse and the sink took ages to run hot water through, but the room was clean and the shared bathroom was very clean and well equipped. It was clearly a grand hotel in its day and has aged well over the years. The web site directions tell you which station to get off at; do not be tempted to deviate from the directions and walk! The staff were helpful and courteous and was a great location for discovering the city.	
Oct 2 2006 	cheap clean and quiet	I realize this review is coming quite a long time after my stay, but I just found this site, and thought it might be helpful to fellow travellers.The neighborhood is a fairly quiet one, which is a nice change from the hustle and bustle of the city. While there are no dining facilities within the building, there are several local mom-and-pop joints offering some very affordable, very tasty choices. Try one of the pizza places and make sure to add an order of garlic knots! You won't be disappointed!The room was clean and comfortable as well.Overall, I would have to recommend Hotel 17 to anyone trying to travel on a budget.	
Sep 30 2006 	Great location	Loved this hotel. It is small but then again, you are in NYC. I knew it was older and yes, shared bathrooms. No problem, it is very clean and the location is great for walking and lots of dining options in this area. Madona once stayed there and we will again.	
Sep 27 2006 	Good hotel great location...crap staff	I have stayed at this hotel quite a few times in the last couple of years. I love the neighborhood. Great walk to Union Square! The Gramercy Cafe is a must stop no matter what time of day! The hotel is older and kind of worn but the rooms are as clean as they CAN be and the shared bathrooms are always SPOTLESS. The STAFF?...avoid them at all costs. Rude, confrontational and mean. I don't ever talk to them but the FEW times I HAD to were bad. So, if you can deal with that this is a good hotel. Too bad management can't do something about their staff to make this a GREAT hotel	
Sep 19 2006 	I liked this hotel.	I booked a room with a shared bath. first room I checked into didn't have a sink - make sure you ask for a sink in advance. I was moved to a room with a sink the next night. cool. room was quite small. really quite small (single room). it clearly used to be one room that was split in two. I didn't really care though. I spent the money I saved on other stuff. shared bathrooms were right outside my door and vacant 80% of the time. bathrooms were spotless, new feeling, and very confortable to use. building was nice and inn a very nice part of the city. overall a good budget hotel!	
Sep 18 2006 	Horrible Staff	Although the hotel was nice and clean, the staff was horrible. It was not possible to communicate with them and they were not responsive to the needs. I felt like they had no idea about what was going on and they were rude. Yet the hotel is not very close to any of the attractions (i.e. not walking distanceTimes Square), however it's location is sort of in the middle of possible tourist attractions.	
Aug 23 2006 	Murder mystery	This hotel was great for the money. Just a couple of blocks walk from union square (where you can get subway trains to everywhere in Manhattan) Hotel 17 is located in a quiet neighbourhood. It is very 1920's with a great atmosphere. Woody Allen's &quot;Manhattan Murder Mystery&quot; was filmed here, and having been there I completely understand why! Staff were helpful and friendly. Room was very spacious with cable TV and a DVD player. Excellent hotel.	
Aug 17 2006	Awesome location cheap and clean	We stayed at Hotel 17 for 5 nights in June and were very happy. It's hardly the Ritz and doesn't have the friendliest staff, but was clean and in a quiet street. We had no problems with mice/insects but then again we made sure there was never any food in the room. Air conditioning worked but was very loud. The 1920's style decor was very cool - I want to see the Woody Allen movie that was filmed there now! Best thing about this place is the location. Only 7 minute walk from Union Square subway station and you can just about get anywhere in NYC from there. Union square also has some funky bars and student cafes (check out &quot;Republic&quot;).	
Aug 11 2006 	Great Location for a Great Price!	I found this hotel on TripAdvisor and checked out the reviews before booking. 90% of the reviews were positive and they were correct.The hotel is in a handy location for the subway and lots of restraurants. We paid for a private bathroom which worth the money as we stayed for a week. There was heat wave and the air-conditioning felt like it was saving our lives. All staff were courteous and polite.As for the actual holiday- we will defintely returning to new york, but at colder times of the year. The Heat and humidity was really very difficult, but it did not marr the experience. If I had some advice is make sure you only wear the most comfortable pair of shoes you own, the whole time you are there.And if you walk the same 4 blocks across and 2 blocks up everyday, don't! Take a different route everyday as you will miss some nearby gems of parks and restraurants.	
Jul 30 2006 	Great Value Great Location Great Hotel	I stayed there with my wife and daughter on a hot July night in a shared triple. The staff was courteous, the room was very clean, the beds were fine and the air conditioner worked well. There was never a wait for the shared bathrooms. One small problem I encountered at 2:00 a.m. when I got back to my room was promptly attended to by the staff. We plan to make it our regular stopover in NYC.	
Jul 28 2006	Quiet clean nice	We have stayed at Hotel 17 for four nights during a very hot period in New York and enjoyed a quiet, wonderfully cool and spacious room. We could really relax in here after exhausting days in the city. The room and the bathroom were perfectly clean and seemed to be recently renovated. We never had to wait to get into the bathrooms. It might have been the right decision to book a triple room for two people: We had enough room for everything, including our huge backpacks. A good deal in a nice neighbourhood, just a few minutes to walk to Union Square.	
Jul 27 2006	Nice clean budget hotel	I stayed at Hotel 17 in June on a solo trip to NYC. I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the staff was and how clean my rooms were. I say rooms because when I first arrived my single room w/shared bath was unavailable and I got upgraded to a single w/private bath (darn! haha) for a couple nights. Honestly, after extensive online research on NY budget accommodation, this was better than what I expected. Front desk was helpful and courteous. Rooms were very clean and basic toiletries provided. They have 7 floors &amp; there is a working elevator. I was also able to extend my stay at the last minute to include a Saturday night (this is during busy season). The location is great- a short walk to Union Square and subway nearby. Greenwich and Soho are also close. Plenty of grocery stores, bars, restaurants, shopping, etc all within a few blocks. This is important because in NYC you can be out doing things 24/7 if you want to, you really dont want to hang out at your hotel anyway. I give it an overall thumbs up for budget accomodation.	
Jul 20 2006 	Really a great hotel!	Excellent value, lovely rooms, great location right next to Union Square.Staff were friendly, the rooms were clean and of a decent size (ask to see a room first - we stayed on the 7th floor with private bathroom).My only complaint is that the lift was very slow, but we found this at every hotel we've stayed at in NYC.Overall, this is definitely the best value hotel in NYC in our experience.	
Jul 10 2006	OK Hotel stay Great location	Overall Hotel 17 is not a bad place to stay. Hotel 17 is about 3 blocks from union square (in midtown manhattan). I ended up paying (after taxes and all) about $110 per night. Not bad given the location. Yes, the rooms are tiny ( I got a single bed room). It is slightly smaller than a dorm room. Keep in mind, that there are shared bathrooms. Every 3 or so rooms shares one bathroom (CAUTION: some of the bathrooms do not have sinks, only shower/tub and toilet); this bothered me (others may be okay with it). The service is quite good. They do provide you with towels, soap, shampoo, etc. Honestly, given the price for the location, I would stay here again. Just keep in mind that this is a BUDGET HOTEL. There was cable TV, the tv was small (13&quot;). Hotel 17 is ideal for the budget traveler. Not bad for New York City :-)	
Jul 9 2006	Before we went we had concerns but we had a great stay	We stayed in hotel 17 for a week at the end of June/ beginning of July. After having read entries on this website we were paranoid if our reservation had been received but all was fine. We had a room with ensuite bathroom and the room actually looked better than on the website. What was most important to us was the safe we had in our room. The room and bathroom were always perfectly clean, we have not seen any signs of roaches, mice, fleas and apart from the noisy aircon (and some inconsiderate hotel guests on one occasion), it was a quiet stay. The bathroom was small but perfectly adequate.Unfortunately, breakfast was not available in the hotel but we enjoyed a cheap (but plentiful) breakfast from street vendors, which we ate in the Union Squar park. For the colder season, there is also the Gramercy restaurant and supermarkets just a short walk from the hotel. The subway station is just down the road and gives you access to more than one line. If you are into walking, the hotel is positioned perfectly so that you can walk to the Financial District (South) or up to Central Park (North). A great way to explore the city.	
Jul 5 2006	Lookin' for fun and feeling...	...grooooooovy! Sumptous yet funky, stylish but affordable. A renovated old hotel with lots of personality. The elevator is old and beautiful - but possibly one of the slowest to wait for in Manhattan. I ended up climbing the four flights to my room (small, but not as small as the Pickwick Arms) 60% of the time. Dark, moody foyer - great if you're coming in a little drunk late at night. It's got an ice machine, and they'll happily look after your luggage until you check in, or until you need to head off to the airport. Very clean place, quiet at the back. The rooms are fairly small, and the room keys are cards that unfortunately resemble the phone cards one purchases to make cheap calls. So the first night I woke up in the throes of jetlag, went for a leak down the hall in one of the spotlessly clean bathrooms, and ended up in my pajamas attempting to get back into my room using my phone card. The guy on the desk obliged me with another one, but he was grumpy. But this is New York. Who cares. Great location Hotel 17. Stuyvesant Park is a good sit, just nearby. And the East Village is a pleasant stroll away as is Union Square. Price is very cheap for this style of hotel, and you really feel good when you walk up the stoop to it. Lots of Germans stay here I noticed (?). The owners have style and they've put it all into this great hotel, affordable, and full of ambience so you feel like you're a traveller in the old fashioned way - you're not just spending money on some characterless joint in Anytown, USA.	
Jul 1 2006 	Stay away from Hotel 17	My experience at Hotel 17 was the worst I have ever had at any hotel in my life. I booked and paid for my room over the Internet. On checking in and informing the clerk that I was an Internet reservation he asked me to sign a credit card slip, which I later learned, was a full second charge. Then, after passing transients roaming the hallways shouting obscenities and insults and wading through the wafting offensive odors that permeate the air in Hotel 17, I entered my room. I was initially greeted by flying insects and shortly thereafter by bed bugs. Preferring to stay in a clean room instead of filth I returned to the front desk to cancel my reservation and leave. The clerk would not issue a refund. I stayed at the desk for fifteen minutes repeating my request for a refund at which time the clerk became belligerent and called the NYPD. The police never showed up and I never got my refund. Do yourself a favor. Stay away from this dump and the uncooperative, rude people that operate it.	
Jun 29 2006	Almost great -- if it weren't for the fleas	I found the 17 online, and the great reviews and low rates convinced me to book a room there. The location is fantastic -- close to Union square and in a great neighborhood. Even though the bathrooms are shared, they are kept clean. The room we were first given turned out to smell like cigarette smoke, and we were given a different room right away. The first morning I discovered a horizontal line-shaped stain on my pants -- it originated from the window sill. The dry cleaners a block away knew right away where we were staying -- they seemed to have seen this sort of stain before... The manager was not available to complain about it until after the holiday weekend.The biggest surprise came a day or so after check-in: I was being bitten by fleas. After returning home, the bites got worse, and it seemed I had brought some fleas home with me. In retrospect, I would have been willing to pay twice for a flea-free hotel. By the way, the friend who stayed with me wasn't touched by the fleas. If you think fleas don't like you, and you don't ever press your legs against the window sill while wearing light-colored pants, then you may enjoy the hotel.	
Jun 22 2006	Scadalous - Don't trust confirmed reservation	Made a reservation directly with the hotel's web site. Received confirmation number; credit card was partially charged. The hotel manager on sight had all of this yet didn't have a room and would not provide or pay for another hotel. Had to take a taxi to over a hour outside of town. Another older couple had the same experience during the time I was there. Stay clear - This is not reliable hotel.	
Jun 21 2006	Loved it!	I stayed on my own in this hotel and felt totally safe. The surrounding area is great for food etc. and easy to get to the subway. Shared bathroom wasn't a problem - always clean and didn't have to wait around to get in. The room was very small and basic but clean. If you just want a base in a nice area this is perfect. I've spent more for less. This is really good value for money.	
Jun 11 2006	Nice little hotel	The location in is really good. Lots of thing to do in the near surroundings if you're into Lower Manhattan. The subway is a short walk away. There was nothing major wrong with the hotel itself either. We had asked for a non-smoking room, but were given a smoking one instead. But we didn't even pay attention to it until the next day when we noticed the ashtray. So no cigarette smell what so ever in our room! When we first arrived in our room it smelled odd though, like no-one had been there for a really long time. But the smell soon went away. There was very unpleasant dampness on the floor. I wouldn't want to see what's under the carpet! Some people on tripadvisor warn about cockroaches and even mice. We didn't see any during our stay, even though we sometimes had food in our room.	
May 28 2006	good value for $$$$	We stayed at hotel 17 from May 21st to the 25th. Rooms are extremely small but clean.Our room was facing the street and there is construction going on for the next month so request a room in the back of the hotel. The shared bathroom is nice and clean but it did get blocked up and that was nasty. The hotel is in a great location, its close by to all the other neigborhoods, soho, greenwhich, east and west village and midtown. The feell of the hotel is a bit spooky because of the decor, the elevator that fits 3 people and the extremely narrow hallways. But if u can putt all that aside, 100$\ night is defenetly worth it.	
May 17 2006	Great base for LES!	When I saw the prices at Hotel 17, I wasn't sure what to expect, but it was a totally pleasant and relaxing experience. Granted, the rooms (ensuite) are the size of a walk-in closet, but everything was spotlessly clean- and I am very picky about that! The bathrooms were actually a decent size and they had shampoo, shoe shine cloths, and a hairdryer. The price cannot be beat by other hotels in the area, unless you want to stay at a hostel. They let us check our bags for the day after we left and we didn't pick them back up till 10pm, free of charge, which was nice. Also, there is a parking garage on 205 3rd ave &amp; 18th that is only a block up and over, so we never had to drive once we parked.The best thing about this place is the location- just steps from Gramercy, Union Square, St Marks Place, and everything in the LES, including CBGBs. We will definitely stay there again!	
May 14 2006	A Good Value	With its great price and convenient location, Hotel 17 proved to be a good value in NYC. It's tucked in a residential neighborhood surrounded by quaint brownstones. It provided a nice break from the tourist throngs and yet remained within easy access of all major sites. One warning: even though my friend and I made our reservations online a month before and confirmed it the day before we arrived, they booked us into a queen room instead of the double (twins) we requested. They apologized and offered us a rollaway for the first night, and as compensation, upgraded us to an ensuite room.If you have a lot of luggage, it's a bit of a haul from the neareset subway station which is about three blocks away. However, the hotel really is in a great location. Union Square is not only the subway stop, but it is also home to a Sephora, a bunch of great cafes, and a Whole Foods. You're within easy walking distance of the Flatiron Building, the East Village, and CBGB's. By subway, Greenwich Village is only two stops away.The hotel itself appeared popular with Europeans, some of which we saw in the hallway waiting for the bathroom in their underwear. Our room was tiny but clean. We had one very warm day during our stay, and the air conditioner worked but was noisy. Though our towels were skimpy (and we had to request fresh ones), hot water was plentiful and water pressure was excellent.There aren't a lot of food options in the immediate vacinity, but Mumbles cafe is across the street, and next door to the hotel is a great deli with a friendly staff. A short walk to Union Square provides many more choices.To be sure, Hotel 17 was not the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in, but in a city as expensive as New York, it provided a lot of bang for your buck.	
May 3 2006	Loved it	I just came back from a 4 night stay at Hotel 17 and I loved it. After reading all the reviews over the last year or so I was not sure what to expect, some people loved it some people hated it, but I was very happy to find it was the perfect hotel for me!PROSLocation - the street was really lovely with your typical New York brownstones on one side. its only a couple of blocks from the lively Union square which is good for shopping and restaurants and has good subway links. Its also easy walking distance of the west and east villages and the flatiron building. There is the Gramercy Cafe across the street which is very convinient for breakfast and is not at all expensive.Rooms - even though the bathrooms are not en-suite the room was great. We had a twin room and it was really big, MUCH bigger than the room I had at the Hudson last year. The wall paper was fantastic, really old school, kinda 1930's. There was a large TV, alarm clock, telephone, chest of draws, a sink, two mirrors and a desk. The room was at the back of the hotel and on the 3rd floor and was very quiet. We NEVER had to wait for the bathroom in the morning, there were two on our corridor and we could always use one each at the same time.CONSRoom Temperature - although i am very reluctant to say anything disparaging about he hotel I have to mention that the room was a little cold. I think they might have been a bit quick to turn down the heating for the summer. Once in bed though I didn't feel cold at all, and they gave my sister an extra blanket which was very warm.All in all a fab hotel at a great price, I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 27 2006	Good deal for what you pay	Since this was one of the cheapest hotels I could find in NYC I was wary about staying here. However, other traveler’s had good experiences so I decided to check it out. Overall, the experience was great. The hotel had a lot of “character” but in a good way. I found the rooms and bathrooms clean. It was also nice being able to leave luggage before and after check-in. The hotel is in a great part of town. There are a lot of restaurants and shops nearby. There is also a major subway stop a few blocks away. I would recommend this hotel to the budget traveler who is looking for an unique, quirky yet affordable NYC experience.	
Apr 24 2006	Clean Small Basic Great Location	I was anxious about staying here after I read reviews mentioning that roaches could be a problem if you brought food into the room. So, we didn't bring so much as juice in. We'll never know if that made a difference, but we had absolutely no problems. We stayed on the 7th floor which seemed spotlessly clean. The rooms had real character, even if they did seem quirky and spooky - you really do feel like you're in a film. The staff seemed to be constantly cleaning and I don't know if this is a good or bad omen. The rooms are tiny, but this is Manhattan - there's too much to see and do. You lay your head down in your room and that's it. No creature comforts needed. The Gramercy Park area, as others have mentioned, is second to none. Union Square is 5 minutes on foot. Breakfast is not available at the hotel but this meant we got a chance to check out the local eateries and we found an awesome one on Broadway. It's very much worth your while scouting out the local area on foot. On 17th Street you're not beside the tourist trap attractions. This provides respite from the noise you can experience in midtown hotels. We rode the subway by day and cab by night and it worked out perfectly.We found the hotel staff great - they held our luggage for us, arranged a taxi to the airport and on our return even sent us an email thanking us for our stay. Nice touch, Hotel 17	
Apr 13 2006	Perfect!	At first I was skeptical about staying at Hotel 17, due to mixed reviews on this site. Me and two girlfriends stayed there for 8 nights, and it was perfect. The location is perfect, especially for the price...YOU CANT BEAT IT! The rooms are small, but if you get a triple room, there is more space. The bathrooms were always spotless and clean, never had a problem getting one that was free, anytime of the day. The staff was very helpful and friendly. There is no curfew, can come in as late as you want. Taxis come down the street all the time, so you have no problem catching one. We used cabs most of our trip, and it never cost us more than 6-10 dollars one way due to our location. I will definitely be staying at Hotel 17 on my next trip to NY...you simply cannot beat it!	
Apr 10 2006	This place was perfect..	Me and some friends stayed here for 3 days and where very pleased. We searched everywhere online for decent, affordable hotels. Im so glad we didnt stay at this other hotel(forget the name) where we actually booked, AND CALLED THEM A WEEK BEFORE TO CONFIRM AND THEY HAD CLOSED DOWN. Im so glad we found Hotel 17. At first we thought it would be a problem woth sharing bathrooms and all but everytime any one of us went to shower it was all ways dry and clean inside all of them. Besides the fact the hallways and elevator where confined, this is definelty the hotel I will be booking into on the next trip to New York. The price was great and there service was too....Good Job Hotel 17	
Mar 24 2006	Hell of a deal.	99 bucks for a safe clean, comfortable room in NYC? Can't beat it. Sure you have to share a bathroom, but it's clean as hell, and the place was generally quiet. On a budget - you could do worse. Great safe location too,	
Mar 20 2006	Surprisingly good	Two of my friends and I stayed at hotel 17 for five nights. I expected it to be pretty bad considering the low price, but I was really surprised to see that it was really good. The condition of the room was ok. You have to share bathroom but they are clean and there are plenty of them so there's no queing to the shower in the mornings. So I would say that hotel 17 is a great place to stay if you want a clean and nice place at reasonable cost. The neighbourhood is safe and the Herald Sq subway station is nearby so it is really convenient. While you are staying in the neighbourhood, go to the really nice bar/restaurant, Mumbles, just nearby. They serve excellent pasta and the staff is really friendly!	
Mar 8 2006	great budget hotel in New York	We really liked this hotel because of its great value in a very expensive city. We were able to drop off our luggage and go out to see the city. When we spent the night our rooms were small but neat and clean. Our bathrooms were in the hall probably shared with a couple of other rooms but they too were very clean and felt like the shower at a friends home. The next day we left our luggage again till we were ready to leave the city.We liked it a lot especially for the price. It is a little ways from the subway, maybe a couple blocks, but it was no big deal.	
Feb 22 2006	good deal for the dollar	I have stayed at Hotel 17 twice now and will in the future. Location is tops, great n'hood with lots of good places to eat around the corner. My room was good, basic if you will. Sheets and blanket had seen better times, though. Not all single rooms have a sink, so ask for one. Staff was very friendly and helpful. As in most cheap hotels, there were a few 'weird' guests, I believe of the `permanent' variety, but I think they are all located in their own wing. Hotel 17 is a good deal for the young at heart.	
Feb 8 2006	Excellent value	Hotel 17 is excellent value for a Manhattan hotel. The rooms are small and fairly basic but it has plenty of character and is kept spotlessly clean. The staff members are extremely polite, discreet and helpful. Finally, the location is second to none. I'll definitely stay there again.	
Feb 4 2006	Basic but good for the price	Small room, but clean and comfortable, fine to come home to after a day's sightseeing. The shared bathroom across the hall was spotless, and I never found myself having to wait for my turn to use it! Really not a glamourous option, but at such a great price I will certainly be back.	
Jan 6 2006	what a HAPPY new year!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the hotel over the New Year's holiday and we couldn't of been happier! Very freindly and helpful staff. The rooms and bathrooms were always clean and tidy. We were pleased with the area of the hotel, very nice area. And it was a treat being so close to Times Square, the center of attention for the New Year. 3 blocks, one subway and we were there. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a clean, friendly, place to stay and I want to sincerely thank the staff at Hotel 17 for making our New Year's a very pleasant and joyful occasion.	
Nov 20 2005	Nothing special	I stayed here twice in Oct 2005, once on the 13th and again on the 31st for Halloween. Location is great, rooms are tiny (as most of NYC hotels are) and was priced somewhat higher than it should've been ($120 shared bathroom, $150 private bathroom). The walls are thin and you can hear everything (yes, including annoying pigeons, lol) And the staff just seemed SO serious all the time, never cracking a smile. Anyways, I'll probably look elsewhere on my next trip to The City.	
Nov 17 2005 	Fleas at Hotel 17	I've stayed at Hotel 17 several times, but this time, fleas ate me for dinner. I have bites all over my neck and arms. Maybe they're in the pillows. I hope they can fix the problem. Some of the rooms look OK, others are bad news. Choose carefully	
Nov 7 2005	Some ups and downs at Hotel 17	Hotel 17 is in a perfect locale, a relatively quiet East Village street near Stuyvesant Square, Grammercy Park, Union Square, the Village - it was the best &quot;walk-to&quot; location for our needs. But there was a problem with cockroaches if anything resembling food was in the room. There is no fridge or coffee maker, so we brought in bottles of juice, and had some visitors as a result. As they say, you get what you pay for. (Online $99 per night, over the phone $110.)The architecture of the hotel was a big plus, and our room was large (unlike our experience at another hotel, where you walk in the door and your knees hit the bed.) The hotel was well populated by a largely younger international crowd. There were smoking and nonsmoking wings, clean communal baths and no problem for us getting in to them whenever we needed to. There was also some dampness to the carpet in the room that made me uneasy.So as long as there is no food in the room - it's bearable. But next time, I think I'll take a step up in price and amenities.	
Nov 4 2005	Appalling Service	Hotel 17 is located in a beautiful, safe, residential neighborhood very near Union Square. Though visiting from the backwoods of Florida-I actually allowed my 17 year old twin girls to explore the neighborhood alone (even at night). The Hotel itself is beautiful-the shared bathrooms some how always clean. But the management-I still cannot believe the way I was treated- when I complained that a sink in the room had leaked during the night, and had soaked my daughters backpack and camera within-. I was instantly told this when I politely complanied re: the leak-&quot;your daughter should not have left her bag on the floor&quot; Yes-that is a quote. Although two plumbers were sent up quickly(the sink had obviously leaked and leaked many times before)-We were told that a leak to the floor was an impossibility due to the configuration of the plumbing-I even offered to call my plumber husband in Florida. We stayed in our room-and eventually my own girls figured out what they could not-the water was able to make it to the floor because the faucet base itself was where the mysterious leak was occuring-pooling about the sink and then spiling over the sides onto the floor-dashing their theory that we had left the water running all night(inches from my head) with a towel left in the sink. We were kind enough to inform them upon checkout.	
Nov 3 2005	What a gem!	This hotel was a great find! We chose it for its price and location. The hotel is located on a quiet street in a nice neighbourhood. It is a 10 minute walk to the subway at Union Square. The hotel has been nicely refurbished giving it the feel of a boutique hotel/pensione - cosy, dark wood, solid doors etc. The room was on the small side but adequate for our needs. Who goes to New York to spend much time in their rooms? We were concerned about the shared bathroom aspect of this hotel but this was not a problem at all. About 11 rooms share two bathrooms on each side of each floor. The bathrooms were very clean. We did not see anyone else on the way to the bathrooms. (We wondered where everyone was?)The minuses of this hotel? The room lighting could be better, the tap of the in-room sink and the air conditioner was noisy. Also, the bed was so new that it squeaked! (Honeymooners be aware!) Minor matters when you consider the convenience of being in Manhattan for the room price. We'll definitely stay here when we next come back to New York.	
Sep 23 2005	nice place!	while my friends and i stayed there, we had two rooms. the first night we checked in, we booked a room for 2. it was small (there were 3 of us), but it was fine! we stayed in that room for 2 nites. we came back a couple days later and checked into a 3 person room. it was HUGE! it was big enough for 7 people! we really liked staying in this hotel. even though we had to share the bathrooms, it wasn't a problem. the bathrooms were always free (never a line!) and they were ALWAYS, ALWAYS clean. the hotel staff did a very good job of keeping the place clean and they were very nice. the hotel is in a nice area and isn't too far from the subs. sooo... i would DEFINITELY recommend this place. it's affordable and it was a lot of fun staying there. i would stay there again!!	
Sep 21 2005	nice for the price !	we stay 8 days in this hotel during may 2005.It was a nice plan for the price.It s a very clean place. This hotel is easy to visit new york a lot of nice street are just near the hotel.The only problem is the noise when you are in the room inside the hotel. Some room are so noisy .... You must ask to the front desk to change your room.Not perfect but a reaal good plan in new york .	
Sep 16 2005 	Fun and friendly place !	First off - the rating is in terms of value for money. For this price Hotel 17 beats everything. Although the bathroom was shared, it was always clean and smelled of bleach (which is my eyes is good if your sharing it with other people). The room was very small but cosy - and who wants to sit in the hotel room in NYC anyway ?? It had fresh soap, towels, hair dryer, TV and air conditioning (which was loud but good). The employees were extremely friendly once you show them that your friendly too. I always laugh at the remarks some people make in these reviews about how some of the staff is unfriendly - maybe if you give them a smile, they'll smile back ??? That's how it was with us anyway. Very helpful, friendly and fun !The Hotel is situated in a great area (about 10 min walk to Washington square) and 3 min to the subway. I can only recommend this Hotel. Oh and great personalities seem to live there - some pretty funky people ! Thanks for a great time Hotel 17	
Sep 14 2005	Perfect location - Good value for money in NY	I Just come back from NY and stayed 5 days at the hotel 17 (room 107)I was not expecting anything special about this budget hotel in the heart of Manhattan. I really have to say that my experience has been very good and my stay very enjoyable : Courteous staff, hotel really clean, rooms correctly decorated and the location could not be better... You come out of the hotel on a nice residential street which take you in 3 minutes to Union Square..Soho, Little Italy are all at reasonable walkable distance.Unless you fancy staying in NY in a luxurious hotel - Hotel 17 is a nice play to stay.	
Sep 14 2005	Great place - good value	Me and my girlfriend stayed from 19 - 22 of August. We had read the reviews here and made our decision based on that.We were not dissappointed. The room was clean and suited our purpose. The bathrooms were equally clean, not to say spotless, and we never found them to be all occupied at once. The staff was also more friendly and helpful than what we were expecting ;)The location is great! Quiet little street, with the excellent Grammercy Cafe for breakfast nearby. Easy walking distance to subway and to interesting surrounding areas.Where I will stay the next time is a no-brainer.... This place does it for me.	
Sep 4 2005	It's true Folks	I stayed here in room 721. I'm very much appreciative of the level of service and the quality, location of the accomodations I received. If and when I return to New York they will get my business. Thanks Hotel 17 Barry	
Aug 11 2005 	New York's finest?!	My daughter, 16 and myself have just returned from a 6 night stay in New York City. Wanting to experience more than just one hotel we decide to stay at Hotel 17, me mostly for the price, her for info she had read in books and such. Our first night was at Portland Square in the Theatre District, ok, no thrills but our own bathroom, I figured it was going to be the best of the three, I was wrong!When we arrived at Hotel 17 we instantly fell in love, the quiet little street seemed quaint and personal, not oozing tourisim. The lobby is very &quot;neat&quot; in all aspects of the word and we actually felt like we were boarding a ride on Disney's Tower of Terror. The hotel was very European looking I guess with dark wood, thick trim and old mirrors, it was wonderfully restored.Our room looked very similar with two comfy beds, I think they were comfy but when you are in New York you are so tired at bed that anything would feel good! The bathrooms were down the hall, I think 10 rooms shared two bathrooms, never did we have to wait or even see another person, super clean, no signs of anyone showering, no smell, this totally changed my views of shared bathrooms as I was dreading this part of the trip but this experience changed my mind.All in all great experience. My daughter has stayed at hostels before and said this was no hostel! I would reccomend it to anyone. The we went to Chealsea Star....read that review!	
Jul 27 2005	A good value	The Hotel 17 is defintely an experience! For the price ($79/night), it's a great value: the location is superb, with easy access to Union Square, Greenwich Village and Gramercy Park. The desk staff is friendly and helpful.My single was tiny and a bit dingey, but I think it was pretty clean. The extremely clean bathroom was down the hall. Amenities are spartan: the in-room TV is small, the towels almost worthless and the ice machine is downstairs. The walls are thin enough that a neighbor complained when I shut my door too loudly.But the cost and location and general condition of the room can't be beat. If you want a safe, cheap hotel in NY, especially if you're traveling alone, this is definitely worth checking out!	
Jul 17 2005 	Awesome	This place was not a hostel like I supposed, but a European-style hotel with the bathrooms in the hallway. This was fine since they were very well kept and only one person at a time could enter, so I had total privacy. For only $75 per night it was an amazing deal. My bed was larger than a regular twin, I was on the 6th floor with a great view, and I had an air conditioner. Also, I was provided with free soaps, shampoo, and even body lotion (it is SO dry in the summer). If you want the maid to come you just put your sign on the knob of your door. I had fresh towels and sheets everyday. I liked the wallpaper, and I asked for a new bedspread, because mine had some light stains, and they brought a beautiful clean one right up, and it even matched the retro wallpaper! Next time I am in NYC, I would like to stay at the Hotel 31, a sister establishment, which is closer to Broadway, but I am sure it will be identical to Hotel 17. GREAT PLACE. GREAT DEAL.P.S. Utilize the Super Shuttle service. Ask the very friendly and helpful deskstaff for more info.	
Jul 13 2005	I'LL BE BACK	First off, you can't beat the price. If you're young and on a budget like myself, it's worth every penny. You pay for location and nothing else. Union Square is a short walk.What they lack in amenities, details, and service, their location and low traffic make up for. I really don't know many things they offer besides a room and a toilet. But it reminded me of dorm life. Half of a floor shares a couple of small bathrooms, but I never ran into anyone on the way to the john, nor did I ever have to wait. I wondered where they other guests were and was assured that they were around.The room was clean. No rats, no mice. I didn't even notice a smell. It wa dark in an old mansion kinda way. Call it ambiance. I never took the elevator. The bed wasn't great, but it was fine. More blankets would have been nice. The AC worked well. No view outside the window, but I didn't need one. THey don't have wireless internet, but someone close did...lol.Having to buzz in or swipe after a certain time was a hassle. And after drinking too much one night, a friend brought me back. When he came in, they made us pay for a third person spending the night. It was about $10, I think.Check out was easy and they had no problem keeping our bags for awhile as we walked the city before catching a flight.All in all, it's a no frills roof over your head in Manhattan that you can actually afford.	
Jul 10 2005 	If not for the Mice it would have been great	I was registered to stay at Hotel 17 for five nights. I have to say the first three nights, it was pretty pleasant. The hotel staff is nice. They gave me extra pillows. The bathrooms were always clean. Night four however, I had a problem with mice. I discovered two in my room. They moved me to a different room, and I didn't have a problem then, but I decided to change hotels for my last night.	
Jul 6 2005	Hotel 17- For the Young at Heart 	Me and a friend took a trip to NY for my college Grad and Hotel 17 was one of best memories of the trip! I was a lil hesitant of staying in a hotel with shared bathrooms, not to mention a starring role in a Woody Allen movie entitled, Manhattan Murder Mystery :) but it turned out to be a great place for the price. There are 4 bathrooms per floor- there was ALWAYS one available and they were pretty clean- (wear flip flops though) we had a bedroom with two twin bed but I think most only have a double. The room was spacious and interesting and the sink in the room was helpful. Keep in mind a couple things, the hallways and hotel in general smells pretty smoky- if you can't deal w/ that I would not recommend it. Also, the place is older so don't be surprised if you open a drawer and the handle falls off! The hotel is also in a good location but a 15 min subway ride to the times square are, which is not bad at all if you can figure out the subway system. There is typically a young crowd, I would recommend this place if you are open-minded, adventurous and you want a cheap sage place to stay in NY.Just me willing to try something new and don't let the lil thing bother you and it'll be a great experience, HAVE FUN!!! PS- Raymond at the front desk rocks!	
Jul 5 2005	I liked it	1 week in may 2005Hotel 17 was one of those hotels that we werent to sure what it was going to be like, we found it in the lonely planet book of the usa and booked it over the internet.And I really liked it, for that price we were a little wary about what it would be like, if you dont mind sharing a toilet and shower with another few rooms, which are cleaned every day and kept clean, then you'll enjoy it. we were only looking for a room to sleep in while in new york because the rest of the time we were out exploring, if you were just after a bed to sleep in then this is your place, great location as well, easy walking to the subway and a nice neighbourhood. very simple, clean, but comfortable :)	
Jul 4 2005	Too small	The rooms are too small. Front office staff is ok but not too friendly. If you don't want to spend much time in the hotel , then it is fine. I moved from Murray hill suites for 2 days stay in this hotel and their is no comparison, though the price was same. Murray hill suites on 29th street is the best; more roomy and clean. Shared bathroom is another things you might want to consider before staying here. This is not a good hotel for couples or family. Students or singles may like it.	
Jun 29 2005	Eclectic no-frills quiet and marvelous	If you are looking for a clean, eclectic, no-frills, inexpensive hotel, I can't recommend Hotel 17 highly enough. We stayed for a week in mid-May, 2005. The double size bed was very comfortable for me (age 58) and my husband (age 60) who has permanent back and hip pains. It was quiet and the bathrooms shared were kept clean throughout the day. The room was clean and had plenty of space to unpack for a week's stay. I enjoyed the European service and only had our room made up when we wanted trash emptied or new towels. Staff was very helpful on our questions about the local restaurants. The one elevator is a bit slow, but then who's in a hurry! We took the stairs down and the elevator up! A wonderful city park is just across the street. The neighborhood is lovely and we took nearby subway to all sections of Manhatten. The longest it took to get anywhere was above Central Park which took 30 minutes with a couple transfers. We wouldn't hesitate to stay at Hotel 17 again.	
Jun 21 2005	Perfect	I stayed there for 9 nights in May -liked it a lot. Nice staff, clean and quiet rooms and what counted for me: From 14th street it's a 10-minute-subway-ride to Brooklyn. Perfect!	
Jun 16 2005	I loved it	This was the first time for us in NYC. We loved this little hotel We stayed on the 8th floor. The bathroom was very clean at all times. Only one time I had to wait for the bathroom. The hotel is small and old, but really, it is very nice. For the price you can't do better. I paid $75/night and I was right in the center of Manhattan. The neighborhood is very nice and I felt safe at all times. The subway station is two blocks away. The satff was very helpful and nice. Recommendation: If you let the hotel call a limo services (set fee $40) they are probably charging you $10 extra, so if possible call the limo service yourself or just take one of the yellow cabs. We will defenitely stay there again.	
Jun 13 2005	Does exactly what it says on the tin!!	This hotel was in the perfect location for us, easy walking distance of Times Square and The Village, best of both worlds really. Although I was weary of having shared bathroom it was never an issue, there was a sink in the room for shaving etc, and the bathroom always seemed to be just cleaned. The staff weren't overly friendly but thats just the way I like it, there when you need them but not pushy. As long as you remember this is a budget hotel you won't be disappointed. Overall, one of the better hotels in New York I have stayed in and I would thoroughly recommend it.	
Jun 6 2005	OK value but.....	Yes it's relatively cheap and the locations great for the East Village and Soho, but we had pigeons nesting on our air conditioner which is fine if you want to get up when they do ie. 5am, but not so good if you want to sleep any later than that. I couldn't reach them due to mosquito netting on the window, the staff said they'd move the nest. I stayed 4 nights and asked each day, they did nothing.	
May 21 2005	Quaint Clean and Reasonable with European Influence	This hotel was a great bargain in expensive New York and has all the conveniences that any tourist would need while exploring this energetic city. I booked a triple at the hotel a week before our arrival at $99 with tax midweek. It was easy to find, just a couple blocks away from Union Square. The hotel was small overall, but the staff was nice and helpful. The room was adequate, it contained a double and a single, windows with a view of a brick wall, a old television and sink. The rooms here have no in-room bathrooms, only shared bathrooms in the hallway which remind me of the hotels found in London. I guess it is very common for older cities to have hotels with shared bathrooms. The hotel itself was very clean, including the rooms and bathrooms. Overnight, very little noise was heard except for the pigeons roosting on our window in the morning. The beds were firm and comfortable, not springy or loud. I showered late in the morning, and instead of a used bathroom as I expected, it was sparkling clean and completely dry. I guess the staff must clean the bathrooms thoroughly after each use, which I thought was amazing. Check out was a little slow, the hotel desk was very busy from people checking out and in. They were kind enough to hold our luggage for the day after we checked out.Overall, this hotel was a good experience. It was definitely worth more than it's price considering New York standards. I would much rather stay here than any other glitzy hotel because you get the same amenities but with some historical touches. A hotel room in New York should only be used for sleep. Who has time to spend in a hotel room when they should be out exploring the great city?!	
May 18 2005	perfect for what we needed!	Having looked at this website before booking this hotel, I was unsure what to expect as there is such a variety of both positive and negative comments. However, having stayed there now, I decided I should put my 2 pennies/bucks worth. Yes, the hotel was a little dark, and maybe the room was a little small, however, there was very little time for lounging around in the hotel room as there is plenty to see/do in New York! The shared bathrooms were never dirty and I think I had to wait once for a shower in a week which is pretty good going considering the hotel was fully booked for some of the nights! Location wise, you couldn't be in a better place. Very close to a subway (Union Square) which is quite a good subway line as takes you pretty much everywhere. There are a few nice local pubs/bars which we visited and a convenience store pretty close. We did get a visit from a mouse, but it was our fault for leaving food out! He was no bother and I don't think he returned after we had locked the chocolate away! All in all, a good budget hotel, well suited to someone who isn't particularly fussy about having a luxurious room. If I were to go back to New York, I am pretty sure that I would consider staying here again!	
May 16 2005	Trying to set the record straight!	When I was trying to decide whether to stay here I read many conflicting reviews, now I have stayed here I thought i'd try and put a balanced review of this hotel up.I think the bottom line is that so long as you know what to expect, this is a nice little hotel. Firstly the location is fantastic, a very friendly and quiet (for NYC!) area, which is only about 4 blocks from Union Square, which is a major subway station - making it very easy to get around. The hotel is a bit dark, the bathrooms are shared, and the walls are fairly thin. That said, I wasn't kept awake by other people and the bathrooms were immaculate. Our room wasn't that big, but then let's face it - you're in the big apple, you're not there to sit in your hotel!I'd reccomend this hotel on it's price and location. If you're in my situation (twentysomething on a budget with a few days to explore new york) then you can't go wrong. Maybe if you're a bit older, used to ensuite bathrooms and a few more creature comforts there are bound to be better places.Oh, and incidentally - we did have a midnight visit from a mouse, so if that freaks you out you might like to reconsider. Serves us right for leaving a chocolate bar out I suppose! As i'm writing this, I might also reccommend a small deli on East 17 St. towards Union square that supplied us with food for many a cheap but delicious picnic. It was called Connelly and Corbett, and is well worth looking up.	
May 16 2005	everything but front desk	great place !!clean, great location, confortable, quiet...the staff was ok, Rosa the maid was very nice and all the others in floor service.The reception awful, in any other Hotel these guys would be fired at once. No welcome, no info, no help..nothing...but then we realised that is a common attitude in many touristic places in NY (empire state staff is a good example).if you hide yourself as you cross the reception this is a great place to rest in NY.	
May 12 2005	Best deal around - clean too!	Having read the variety of comments on the site, I held my breath and crossed my fingers as we ascended the stairs to Hotel 17. First, we had a very late check in (nearly midnite) which was absolutely no problem at all. We were then asked if was OK if they moved us from our original room (w/a shared bath) to a one with a private bath for the same price. Fine with us! The room was tiny but it was cozy and spotless. The bathroom gleamed! How many NY bathrooms can you say that about? The location couldn't be better - you can stumble to a show at Irving Plaza, get some food at the Gramercy Cafe and grab a coffee on Irving Place (in no particular order). We'll definitely be back!	
May 10 2005	More than adequate — charming and quiet in a nice area!	I can't say enough about Hotel 17. As a first-time New York tourist, I was a little worried about staying in such an inexpensive hotel. I expected filthy bathrooms, roaches and stained carpet — as a best case scenario.From the moment I spotted the awning of the hotel on 17th Street, I felt comfortable, welcomed.The front desk staff — a man named Raymond — was friendly and accomodating from the beginning — he even gave me a larger room than the one I had originally booked — at no additional charge!The elevators were — as many have noted — incredibly slow. However, I just hoofed it up the stairs, which was always quicker in cases where luggage wasn't involved.My single room, which included a full size bed, night table, sink, cable television and desk, was cozy and more than sufficient. The bed was incredibly comfy, the lighting was warm and soft and the carpet was clean. Maid service was prompt and offered only on request, which was major benefit on mornings I needed to sleep in.The hotel is not your typical institutional, boring Days Inn. It's quite charming with lots of dark wood trim, antique wallpaper and light fixtures. Nonetheless, it's obvious improvements have been made in areas where the comfort of the hotel is concerned. The bathrooms (4 on each floor) were all modern, clean and had excellent water pressure. I never once had to wait for the shower and was shocked to find the bathrooms still spotless after a morning filled with showering guests. There must be a maid hiding in a closet up there!Perhaps the most impressive aspect of the hotel is the part of town in which it is located. Situated on a quiet street, three blocks from Union Square (and a major subway station), Hotel 17 is the perfect place to escape after a tiring day of running around the city. The area is residential (flanked by lots of neat brownstones and row houses), but offers plenty of cafes, shops and even a theater. Again, I can't say enough about this hotel. Even if I could afford a more expensive place, I'd still return to Hotel 17. My stay there was one of the most enjoyable aspects of my trip.	
May 2 2005	Will be back again soon!	OK, so the first ever trip to NYC is going to be a worrying thing right from the outset. Originally, I booked New York Inn via Expedia - little did I realise what a dump it was supposed to be. I only found out via this website (thank you Trip Advisor!). Anyway, so I got back to Expedia and found the next one on the list - which was the Hotel 17. Now, obviously finding a bad hotel originally, tainted my experience a bit - but I went with the reviews on this website and decided to bite the bullet. From what I can make out, NOTHING can be as bad as the New York Inn! So I went ahead and booked it...On arrival, after a very weary flight we got a taxi to the hotel. The driver seemed to know straight away where it was which I thought must have been a good thing, because it could be popular. Dropped right outside the hotel - which didn't really look like much to be honest. The hotel looks nicer during the day. (See my photo)I must say, that upon arrival, I was met by a member of staff. I won't give exact names, but we will call him &quot;A&quot;. &quot;A&quot; disappointed me in that I was not met with the usual enthusiasm I would expect generally from Americans in what I have experienced in the past. A hello would have gone a long way. I had a card to fill out simply shoved in my face and not really told where I could find the room... I wondered if he spoke english, so I had to ask again, which, being from england and having a &quot;stiff upper lip&quot; made me feel awkward....Anyway, the hotel reminded me of the old fashioned hotels you would find on films. I was a little worried about what we were going to get... I was thinking coachroaches and rats etc. However, after a very slow elevator journey, we found our room. Originally, I thought it was a bit too dark - but the room soon grew on us. Just what was needed to sleep, and maybe take a mid day rest in. All hotels on Expedia seemed to have shared bathrooms - so I guessed that was the norm. The whole concept worked well - the bathrooms were ALWAYS spotless - and on the rare occasion that it was busy, we simply walked to the next one on the same floor. Our bathroom was a nice size - enough room to get dressed after a shower etc.The maid service was excellent - no faults there! I didn't smell any ratsDaily, we ate at the Gramercy Cafe which was a stones throw away - and we found it to be excellent service. Shops nearby, several 24 hours so you can always find something open to grab a drink or snack. Also, try Mumbles - excellent steak!The subway was only 3 blocks away and very ideal for most journeys around Manhatten. We used the subway to get back to JFK and this is an ideal location to do so. Phew - anyway to summarise: - Excellent value for money - Ideal location, both for the surrounding area and access to shops, cafes and subways - Characteristic and comfortable decor - No rats  - Shared bathrooms, cleaned throughily regularly. - All good - but don't expect a Hello from Mr &quot;A&quot;.	
Apr 23 2005	Yes it's basic but it's clean and cheap	I stayed here for two weeks in March 05 whilst visiting NYC - what I will say is the reviews are pretty accurate, it's a basic hotel with a gloomy feeling about the place - it IS very, very clean though which to me, is a must!The staff are pretty dry, but that's NYC!!!!The shared bathrooms are constantly cleaned and in my two week visit, I only had one experience of having to wait for a shower - I thought that was pretty good.I had a single room on the ground floor which done the job just fine, you have your own tv and a comfy bed - again the room is quite dull but that didn't bother me too much.I read one of the other reviews and whilst I can't comment about the rat experience, I will tell you about mine.It is an old building (like others in Manhattan), so obviously has some mice in the building - I did see one when I was staying, but only because I had some food in my room, once I ditched that, I never seen or heard of one again.I'm not sure it was a rat the other customer seen, it was more likely a mouse.If you're looking for a cheap and comfortablel place to stay, then this is for you as the area is absolutely fantastic - right in the middle of the Gramercy district which means you are minutes away from the action of the East Village (4 short blocks) and Union Square (4 blocks) - Greenwhich village is about 15 mins walk away - the Gramercy Cafe is a must for breakfast, lunch and dinner! Great food!I hope this helps.	
Apr 17 2005	basic but fine	i paid £40 a night plus tax for 7 nights - given the mixed reviews i expected something basic, and it is - i had a single room which was just a bed, desk, mirror and a hangar rail for clothes (plus a tv and radio) - no sink, though i think most rooms had them since i saw them when i happened to pass by other rooms. The shared batthrooms were always claen and i never waited once in 7 days. some rooms dont get much natural light, and it gets stuffy, but i literally only slept here - getting back early monring, waking up and going out. for this purpose it is fine. didnt really see any other guests, though it was clearly full. towels were bit small i guess, but they had new ones every day.great location - 3 blocks from union square which is a cool area interms of bars etc - i was in new york few months before and was staying round times square - this area is much more fun. seen rats/mice mentioned on here - i didnt see any during my week, though i did see some rat/mice poison in my room under the desks so i guess they have them from time to time, though i doubt this is unusual in old buildings in new york, as it is in london. if they have them i would rather see that they are trying to do something about it than just leaving it!!you wont get private rooms much cheaper than this in new york, i would stay here again, though i imagine in summer it would be a little unbrearable with the heat. Price and location make up for any reservations however for me.	
Apr 6 2005	Better than I expected	Just back from staying the weekend at Hotel 17 and I have to say it was much better than I expected!Rooms &amp; bathrooms were clean and the location was 3 blocks from the Union St 4,5,6 Subway. Our room was lovely and warm and I found the staff to be helpful and friendly (they looked after our bags on the Sunday).They also rang a car to bring my friends to JFK for a flat fee of $45.Only downside was there was just one elevator which took ages to come, the towels they give you are tiny and the bathrooms were quite busy on the day of check out.Stay away from the Gramercy Cafe which is 1 block away - we ate the most tasteless food I have ever tasted. It was so bland.If you are on a budget you could not pick a better location.	
Mar 30 2005	nice hotel for the price but rats!	its difficult to find a hotel in nyc with your own bathroom unless you are willing to pay 200$ US per night. this place was at a good price considering this.We loved the neighbourhood, and found the shared bathrooms very clean, and they were cleaned more than once a day.My only problem was on the third night of our stay, we were awoken by a small rat in my luggage looking for my food. We chased him out the door.they immediately sent someone up to set traps, and the next day moved us into a room on the top floor where there &quot;were no rats&quot; We did not get any compensation for lost sleep....but, we had no further problems. I would suggest not keeping food in your room. I know that Manhattan has a problem with rats, we saw them in the subway, but some compensation would have been nice.If you book a room here, make sure you get the top floor.	
Mar 30 2005	Pleasantly Suprised	I found this hotel on Travel Advisor and decided to give it a try based on its price and location and was very pleasantly suprised on how nice it was. The neighborhood was wonderful, full of restaurants and close to Union Square. As a female travelling alone, I always felt safe walking around, even after dark. My room was very small but very clean, I had newish carpet and a brand new sink and even a nice view. The bathrooms were cleaned all the time and I never had a problem with finding an empty one. I liked the whole feel of the hotel, it seemed to have fresh paint and all the wood was polished. The people at the front desk were not the friendliest I've ever encountered but they weren't rude either. I just wanted to throw my two cents in because I think this hotel was a great value in an expensive city.	
Mar 22 2005 	Awful awful awful	After reading positive reviews about Hotel 17, I booked it for a long weekend in NYC. However, be aware that most rooms have shared bathroom facilities and the service there is truly awful. I was not told there wouldn't be a bathroom in the room, and the bathroom down the hall had hair in the drain and some guy down the hall was puking in it all night long. The staff was not accomodating at all, and basically rude. They can't even change your reservation at the front desk- only online. Just be sure you know what you're paying for- even though it is only worth about $30 a night, like most hostels.	
Mar 11 2005 	Nice place for cool guys	Well, bear in mind that it is a budget hotel very well located in NY.The hotel and the service has nothing to do with 3/4 stars modern hotels.I've booked a double room for 3 nights through Expedia. When I arrived, as I was alone, I was given a single room. The clerk told me &quot;I've turned away lots of customers today, we are full, sorry&quot; (be lucky to have a room anyway). This room was very small (see photo) but I get a double room for the next 2 nights (without compensation for the first night of course). The double room is far more comfortable than the single.This hotel is very well located, you have 3 metro lines nearby, among them the green line (4,5,6) which runs manhattan from north to south.I find the room very calm and the bed was good, I've slept well (with earplugs). The bathrooms are very clean, and are cleaned regularly, even at night. I remember I have noticed someone had taken a shower at 10pm and the bathroom was clean again at 5am.What you might not like is the ambiance. The hotel is very dark. The lobby is in fact a corridor and the front desk is above you, you feel a little bit miserable as a first impression. There are no paintings or posters on the walls, no decoration, rooms and corridors are nude and quite old.So, if you expect or like modern hotels, you will be disappointed and go to an hotel which cost at least twice the price. If you are cool, you don't mind sharing a clean bathroom and you don't mind a kind of gloomy atmosphere due to lack of decoration and light this is an hotel for your small budget. They keep your luggage for free if you leave after 12am.	
Mar 3 2005	Stay Away from this Dump	I booked a room at Hotel17 for 1 week after reading some positive review and reading that Woody Allen used it as location for one of his movies.I really do not understand all the people giving high ratings to this place.The room that they gave me was very small and dirty, the bed in very poor conditions and the AC inefficient.The room was also very noisy.I asked to change the room and the very unpleasent staff, after a long and animated discussion, &quot;threw&quot; me the keys of 3 other rooms and saying that i was free to choose the best...they didn't come with me to show the rooms.I saw all the rooms and they where really horrible, worse than the one they gave me. I was obliged to stay for the night because it was very late and I shared my room and the bathroom with few NY size COCKROACHES!The next morning I tried then to leave and cancel my booking but my card had been already charged and they refused to give me back my money. I stayed i more nite and then I left the hotel even if i payed for the week.AVOID THIS PLACE !	
Feb 15 2005	nice cosy and clean place	I was there in feb 2005 with my two children and was under the impression we would get a room with three single beds. Instead, I had to share a double bed with my daughter and my son had a single. Three single beds would have been more comfortable. We also had a mouse in our room but it didn't do any harm. The window didn't shut well, so at night the wind blew a loud and cold draft through the room. All in all we had a very pleasant stay at the Hotel 17. It is a lovely and cosy place with a lot of style in an excellent location! It is quiet and the bathrooms are very clean! We'd love to come back some time!	
Feb 10 2005	small but cosy.	I don't understand the negative reviews that Hotel 17 seem to get. I stayed at the hotel 17 with a friend in october and my overall impression was good. The hotel had a good location with good breakfast restaurants in the surrounding neighbourhood. Although the room was very small (we barely managed to get an extra bed in) it was clean, as was the shared facilities. We got to stay at the Hotel 17 after its sister hotel Hotel 31 had messed up our reservation. We, however, got a friendly greeting at the Hotel 17 and they really saved our stay in the big apple. 	
Jan 18 2005	No Problem	Please don't let anyone talk you out of booking a room at Hotel 17. I found the service to be more than adequate, and you certainly can't beat the price. As an example of the service: I found that one of the toilets was overflowing, and the front desk had the problem resolved IMMEDIATELY. Sure, the rooms are small, and the bathrooms are shared, but 1) you're in NYC to get out, not to stare at your furniture and 2) except for that one aforementioned time, I never had a problem with the bathroom. So if you're looking for a centrally located place to hang your hat (or cap), at $75 a night, and you love NYC, this is it.	
Jan 5 2005	Horrible customer service	DON'T RISK IT! Pay a little more and go with a reputable place that has good business ethics and customer service. These guys will make you feel like your business means nothing to them.We showed up at Hotel 17 with all our bags in hand and weary after a full days worth of travel from CA. And, what did we find out? Hotel 17 had overbooked us and our room which had been reserved 3 months prior and then double-checked 1 month prior to arrival, was NOT available. Huh?! How much in advance do you have to book a room here?! After we got the bad news, Hotel 17 then called around and got us a place somewhere else, promising us that the price we were quoted at Hotel 17 would be honored at the new place. Boy, were we snowed on that one. We ended up having to shell out an additional $100 at the new place. The new place basically said that just because Hotel 17 gave them the business does not mean that they will honor the price we were initially quoted. At one point during the conversation with the person at Hotel 17, he said, well if you don't like it, then that's too bad and you can go somewhere else. So, our first time in NY after doing as much preparation as possible, and it's possible that we won't have a place to stay!? To say that they put us between a rock and a hard place would be putting it mildly. PLEASE, do not travel across the country and be at the mercy of these guys.I can tell you that the front area where you check in is very small, dimly lit and smelt musty. And as far as the workers, think of those foreigners running 7Eleven's or QuickMart and there you have it. Rush, rush, rush, and absolutely NO customer service. (And this wasn't just a NY thing. It was just a plain rude thing.)	
Dec 29 2004	Pretty much great!	My grown-up daughter and I were planning on a day trip to NYC. At last minute booked a room here. Was a little hesitant with the shared bathroom thing, but decided what the hell. It was great! Great neighborhood -- out of the city -- but certainly very accessible to public transportation. The room we had (411) was bigger than the room we had last year at a &quot;name-brand&quot; hotel. Shared bathroom was a first for me. Bathroom was absolutely spotless. When we first checked in three young women were at the desk complaining that they wanted to change their mattresses because it was like sleeping on wood. I can tell you both my daughter and I had a perfect night's sleep. Would definitely recommend this to people who do not need all the amenities that go with the higher-end hotels.	
Dec 9 2004	Great Location - Great for Your Budget!	The lobby is very European in feel. The rooms are small and the decor is a bit bare. However, the rooms are bigger than the much more expensive Hudson Hotel. You have a brand new sink in your room. There are several very new, very clean bathrooms per floor that you share with the other guests. Never once did we have a problem getting into the bathroom. They clean the bathrooms every few hours. The doors on the bathrooms are a bit noisy so the first night I woke up every time someone went to the bathroom. However, that was the only noise we encountered and I got used to it quick - maybe ask for a room on one of the ends. We were right across from one of the bathrooms. Otherwise, it was quiet and clean. You can't beat the location. You are a few blocks from Union Square and very close to the trains. You can get anywhere in Manhatten quick! There are also some great restaurants nearby. We had great sushi in the basement of Washington Irving's house right down the street.	
Nov 19 2004	Shabby Chic	Hotel 17 is a charming hotel in the West Village that cannot be beat for the price.PROS: (1) The hotel is in a great location, on a quiet residential street, near several parks, restaurants, and shops, and a major subway station (14th Street/Union Square). (2) Although the rooms are small, the hotel is very charming and vastly preferable to many chain hotels I've occupied. (3) Sharing bathrooms is no problem at all. They are exceptionally clean and even though the hotel was fully booked, there was never a wait. (4) The price! Every other hotel in Manhattan (even Comfort Inn and Best Western) wanted at least $175 a night. Hotel 17 was 90 bucks a night!CONS: (1) Check in is at 3:00 and there is only one person at the registration desk. I was lucky and got there right before the crowd came. (2) I don't know if there are non-smoking floors, but we definitely weren't on one. The hallway and room reeked of cigarette smoke. (3) First night, our room wasn't cleaned. Talked to the front desk and he told me I had to leave the Maid Requested tag on the door (even though we didn't have one). Okay, fine, next day, leave the tag on the door, return to our room at 6:00 p.m. -- room still not clean. Called the front desk again; informed him that the room still hadn't been cleaned but we were leaving in an hour, could he have it cleaned then? No, he would send someone up right now, so we had to stand around in the hallway while our room was cleaned.BUT you can't have everything for $90 a night (over a holiday weekend, no less) and I would definitely stay at Hotel 17 again, and have already recommended it to friends.	
Nov 14 2004	17 stars for that rate!	What a gem! Let's keep it a secret, okay?Very clean, nice clientele &amp; staff.	
Nov 9 2004	Great value	Like some others I read the (few) negative reviews of this hotel and was a little apprehensive. However in the event I was very pleased. Basic, yes. Small, yes. Service a little grumpy (but satisfactory for all that). Room tiny but with a washbasin. Bathrooms shared but I never saw another guest except those waiting for taxis in the lobby. The location is great. There is an old downtown atmosphere as opposed to the modern concrete clone hotels in the theatre district. But above all it is the value for money that makes Hotel 17 such a useful find for people visiting NYC on their own money. Definitely a place worth remembering until I win the lottery.	
Nov 4 2004	Nice hotel good location	Me and my friend stayed at Hotel 17 for two nights from Oct. 30th 2004. We had stayed the first four nights at the Chelsea Inn and switched because the Inn was not available for our last two nights. We loved the very cozy Chelsea Inn, so sure enough, we were curious how the Hotel 17 would be. To be honest, we don't really have anything big to complain but some smaller things. The hotel has rooms on 8 floors, we stayed on the 3rd with a view on the wall of the building next door. Try to get a room on a higher floor, the hotel has an elevator. The room was quite big, with two beds, tv, phone and a sink. Unfortunately there was not much where to put our clothes. Just a smallish chest of drawers and no closet, but a kind of a wardrobe with just four hangers. It was very clean, also the shared bathrooms, that are really new and nice. There is about twelve rooms that share 2 bathrooms, so in &quot;rush-hour&quot; times you often have to wait to use them. The location of the hotel is great, close to Union Square and the East Village with all its bars and restaurants. The only thing that we really didn't like was that it was icecold in our room. We asked at the reception and they told us the heating would be turned on at night, but it wasn't. To their defense, they told us if we wanted, they could give us a little heater, but we came home quite late at night and didn't want to bother them.On the day of our departure, we were able to store our luggage in an extra room the entire day, which was really great.	
Nov 4 2004	Loves It!	The gals and I get together in NYC every year for Halloween and we always stay here because it's the best. The location rocks (you can usually spot a celeb or two walking in the hood) and it's just around the corner from the best sushi restaurant (Choshi) on Irving at 19th. Ramon at the front desk is a total sweet heart and will do whatever he can to make sure you have a great stay. Who doesn't love a little European charm in a hotel especially in a big North American city? LOVES IT double extra large size.	
Oct 25 2004	Great value for the money	I had a great experience with this hotel. I originally booked for Hotel 31, their sister hotel, but due to some flooding problems, they booked me into Hotel 17. They gave me $5 for a cab to get there and everything went smoothly. Hotel 17 is newly renovated with exceptionally clean shared bathrooms. There is also something distinctly stylish about their narrow but tastefully decorated hallways. The room and bed sheets were clean and the room had a TV and sink. The staff were also friendly. Location is not too bad, close to a couple subway stations, supermarkets and EXCELLENT corner delis (Try the bacon and cheese bagels in the morning, fresh off their sizzling hot grills!). Given the price and what one usually expects to get in NYC, this place is great. I would certainly return to this hotel in the future.	
Oct 21 2004	Excellent location	I visited alone NY for 15 days in October 2004. Having read all the reviews here I decided to go for hotel 17. Excellent central location, close at the trendy Union sq., could walk all over Manhattan, to Chinatown up to Central Park, very safe area, very clean bathrooms. To make clear to all, the bathrooms are like a house bath, meaning that they turn to private bathrooms when you lock i.e. like being at airplane bathrooms, not like Youth Hostels. On the 12th night, I had a small adventure there when I cought a little harmless mouse eating my peanut butter cups (chocolate bar by Herseys). I had to cover the hole that the mouse entered, by myself, since the reception guy who supposed to come to fix the problem, after my call, simply did not show up! But to justify the &quot;mouse case&quot; in one other time I was served amazingly fast by the reception guy. New York is very impressive city and there are hundreds of things to do there alone. You can find the best, biggest chinese food too!With plenty of walking you can see NY in 12 days. A last tip: if yu want your room prepared by the maid just let her know by twisting the card hanging from the door from the side &quot;do not disturb me&quot;to the &quot;please make my room&quot;. Otherwise...they forget you. Have a nice trip to all. Enjoyed NY a lot and will go again shortly. Kisses	
Oct 16 2004	My New Favorite Place	The reviews of this place seemed pretty positive, but still, I wasn't quite sure what to expect. Very pleasantly surprised. Extra clean bathrooms, clean rooms, quiet, safe, good location, friendly staff. For the money, I think this hotel gets it right. Obviously it not luxury, but if you're reading about hotels like this, you're not seraching for luxury, right? The lobby, halls and bathrooms have recently been remodeled so the place definitely has a very cute, quaint feel. The rooms are a little worn, but nothing to complain about. The bathrooms are shared, but my room had a sink in it which definitely makes things easier. The hotel was pretty much sold out while I was there but I never saw too many people or heard much noise. Until I win the lottery, I'll be staying here again.	
Oct 13 2004	Loved Hotel 17	We stayed at Hotel 17, September 2004, for 7 nights, the rooms were clean and a reasonable size, the shared bathroom was not a problem as there were two in close proximity and were very clean. The staff were very friendly and most helpful, it was a two miinute walk to Union Square, and very close to the east and west village, a nice part of NY. Would definitely stay there again it was very cheap compared to other hotels!!	
Oct 11 2004	It was great!	I just recently stayed at this hotel. I have to say it was nice. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is on a budget and planning to visit NYC. The bathrooms were kept cleaned and our room was a good size. The staff was nice and friendly. I would stay there again. I don't have any complains. The experience was great.	
Oct 11 2004	Cute and Cozy	I stayed for a week during the summer and plan on visiting again! After researching Hotel 17, I thought it might be too affordable for Manhattan. However, the staff was friendly, the rooms were decent. . .no bugs, all and all a comfortable atmosphere. *I was also nervous about the &quot;shared bathrooms&quot;. They turned out to be pretty clean. The maids clean them 3 or 4 times a day! Don't expect a newly remodled room. They are decent in every aspect but not fancy in any respect!You can't beat it for the price.	
Oct 6 2004	Nice lovely location	Slept here for 4 nights. Rooms were a bit small but clean. Shared bathroom en toilet was no problem. They are checkt almost every hours and were always clean and fresh. Price is reasonabel voor NY city. Location is great, just a few minutes walk from union square metro station. Even Empire state buidling and Flatironbuilding is less 15 minutes walking... Nice restaurants in the area, you really must try Casa Mono (if you can get a table, go early!! between hotel union sq.)	
Sep 27 2004	Good for smokers...	I just spent 2 nights at Hotel 17. The place is ok and provides pretty good value for money. However, even though I made a reservation for a non-smoking room, I was put in a smoking room - rather unpleasant, to say the least. When I tried to change rooms I was told that there are only a few non-smoking ones, and they are given away on a first-come, first-served basis. Staff was friendly, so if you don't mind the smokey smell, Hotel 17 is not a bad pick.	
Sep 18 2004	Exactly as expected	Let me start by stating that reviewing anything online is out of character for me; however I do feel compelled to return the favor to those who had come before me in reviewing Hotel 17. Based solely on the reviews of people from your site I stayed at this hotel in mid Sept 04 for one night, and found that the appraisals of those who stayed there before me to be quite accurate. For the price, the hotel was accomodating and comfortable. The little staff that I did encounter, which was actually only a couple of gentleman at the front desk were polite and courteous. The hotel including common areas, room, and shared baths were visually clean and well kept. There seemed to be enough bathroom space that the sharing issue never became a problem. The neighborhood was pleasant and safe as well as close to everything especially transportation. This was by far the best $100 I have spent in a city which is more than happy to take your money. This review is actually a compliment not only to Hotel 17, but also to your site for the service it provides. I'm sold!	
Sep 1 2004	Excellent hotel!	This Hotel was great! My GF and I split up our stay in NY at 2 hotels. A few nights at Hojo @ Penn Station and a few nights at Hotel 17. Hotel 17 was better in all aspects! Staff was great. Price was right. We booked through hotel--- and the price fluctuated from day to day but we got it at its cheapest. The room we stayed in was 810. Great room. Shared bathroom was no problem at all. I think I had to wait once during our stay. The bathrooms were super clean. The neighbourhood was great! Couldn't have had a better experience. Would recommend to anyone.	
Jul 27 2004	Reasonable Polite Friendly Clean Great Location!!	This was a great hotel...no doubt about it! Very reasonable, clean, and a comfortable place to stay in the city. Fancy enough for me. Good location 1 stop away from Grand Central! NYU neighborhood is always fun and interesting. Very nice staff, Cool rooms!	
Jul 19 2004	Great property great location great price...bad desk staff.	Hotel 17 is a great hotel- great accomodations, great location near Union Square, terrific price, and a lot of character. The only drawback to this hotel is the desk staff. With the exception of a guy named &quot;Dave&quot;, who was terrific when we checked in, the front desk guys were completely ineffective, uncommunicative, and provided misleading information. Hopefully they only work on the weekends, because I actually witnessed one of them tell a customer that her complaint was bull*#@*! Would I stay here again?? Absolutely- Hotel 17 was great overall and one can always hope the management hires employees more skilled at customer service in the future.	
Jul 19 2004	Horrible	I stayed at Hotel 17 a few years back, and I must say it was the worst experience I have ever had staying at a hotel. I thought I knew the city pretty well, growing up in NY, but I was wrong. We were on a floor with a shared bathroom, but the women's room was out of order. The floor smelled like pot, and the bedspread looked nasty. There was a stoned girl wandering the hall. I seriously felt as if I was going to get shot that night. I would strongly advise looking for another place to stay rather than stay at Hotel 17.	
Jul 12 2004	Hotel 17-ambiance cleanliness affordability	This is easily my favorite hotel in New York; it has character, ambiance, is a short walk to Union Square and is mercifully quiet at night. As a single woman, I keep safety at the forefront of my travel decisions and Hotel 17's attentive staff and safe policies really impressed me. The shared bathrooms were sparkling clean every day (in itself, an impressive feat) and while the rooms are obviously not luxury, they are clean and comfortable for the budget traveler.Likewise, staying in a brownstone hotel feels oh so New York...and you can't get that at a Hilton. It's convenient to several markets and delis so late night food or meals for budget travellers are easy to obtain. The staff was also helpful and considerate to an incredible degree.So, if in New York, enjoy a bit of character near Union Square and enjoy Hotel 17.	
Jul 10 2004	New York's best kept secret	Great place to stay. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. We will stay here again.	
Jun 21 2004	Lay out the red carpet!	Clean, quiet, quaint--this hotel was an excellent pick for us. I didn't think the room was too small (unless of course you plan on dancing Tango), but rather cozy. Even the wall paper grows on you! The price was economical for NYC, and for a place where we only slept, showered, and rested our weary feet what more do you need? The hotel staff was pleaseant and they even gave us a brand new red carpet welcome (they were recarpeting the front steps)!	
Jun 21 2004	Good Value	I stayed here for a week, while looking for an apartment in New York. I was somewhat skeptical about sharing a bathroom with others, but it was fine. The hotel itself is very clean, the desk staff friendly (although they could be a little more knowlegeable about things to do in the area). Overall for what I paid $75/night where most other places I checked were $200 or more I thought it was a deal. Great location. The one thing....the hotel was a little noisier than I would have liked. I constantly heard door slamming and people talking.	
Jun 9 2004	Clean hotel in great neighborhood	Stayed in a single from June 6-9. The room was small, but it was only neede for sleeping. No problem with shared bathroom. The place was clean and nicely decorated. Clean place. Great location. Can't beat the price.	
May 25 2004	Good value for the location	This budget property is a fine value for NYC. The small rooms are OK for someone who doesn't want to spend (or doesn't have) a lot of money for accommodations. (I would rather spend my money on food or shopping.) The furnishings were worn but adequate. The shared bath was convenient and clean. The location is a few blocks from Union Square, a center for all sorts of urban activities and a crossroads for several subway lines--so the rest of Manhattan is easily accessible. Although my tiny room did not have an air conditioner--I believe most do--that may be something to inquire about. It wasn't a big deal in May but may be an issue in August. With the money I saved I bought a pair of really cool shoes at Barney's!	
May 24 2004	Fantastic deal! Stay here!	I just got back from a short trip to NYC. I picked this hotel based on other reviews and the fact that it is the cheapest I could find in the East Village that had decent reviews. And we LOVED it! It's so centrally located for the East and West Villages and Lower East End. We were pretty much able to walk everywhere we wanted (but we do walk alot, keep that in mind). It's also in a safe and quiet location. The price is incredible, the shared bathrooms were very clean, and the whole place has a kind of Victorian (almost creepy, but in a good way!) vibe. Sure, the furnishings aren't new, but we absolutely loved the crown moldings and (unworkable) fireplace in the rooms. The AC worked well, we heard NOTHING from the neighbors, and the staff were friendly and helpful. We went to NYC to see some shows in the indie East Village and couldn't have been happier with this place. Please note that we are young and into music.....so this may affect your decision on whether or not to stay here!	
May 23 2004	Great for sudents/tourists	I went to New York in Dec of '03. Hotel 17 was a fabulous experience in that the room was tidy, the shared bathrooms (which I had reservations about) always super-clean and the rates great for a student budget. The location is only a couple of blocks away from Union Square, and the location of the hotel is much more residential than anything you'd find near Times Square. Personally, I just wanted a safe, reasonably priced place to sleep while in the city- I didn't hang around the hotel much. Front desk service was a little slow at times and there was a weird smell in the elevators, but overall, it was a great place for my budget. I plan on staying there again the next time I vist NY.	
May 22 2004	Decent Budget Hotel	I stayed at the Hotel 17 back in March 2004 and many changes were present, some rather good and some things I didn't like. I've been staying at this hotel since 1998 and came every year since 1998 on a 2-3 month basis just to visit the hotels staff and the area is great. For me though, I could easily pay 500.-700 dollars a night at the W-New York on the corner of Park and 17th but I use to like the staff, the old Manager was the nicest guy I ever met. his name was James and I also liked his assistant Manual a lot. Neither one of these fellows is working at Hotel 17 anymore and I was disappointed.When I first came to Hotel 17 back in 1998 James was having the most interesting conversation about a new Artist he met, Manual was talking about a club he liked. These people mainly James were really cool, someone I would never meet in CT, or even at the W-New York Hotel. He knew NYC downtown inside and out, the best clubs, rest/bars, galleries, and NYC in general! If Hotel 17 lost James to another Hotel then Hotel 17 lost a great employee, and where does he work?!?! If NYC lost James to another city or town then NYC lost a prominent East Village pop-culture figure!!All in all Hotel now offers more services, its a little cleaner, a decent budget hotel was the staff is boodless and boring@!	
Apr 25 2004	excellent	Hotel 17 is a basic place that fills the need for people looking for a clean room and place to sleep in NYC. The rooms were comfotable and bathrooms clean. The location is great and staff helpful. In fact, when Expedia made a mistake and booked us for Saturday instead of Friday, the staff called Expedia and managed to get us a room without any additional charges.For the price, the hotel is excellent.	
Apr 22 2004	good price	My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel 17 for five days and it was a good deal for the price and the location. Our room was big, we had one queen size and one normal bed, the bathroom right across the hallway.The staff was nice and we could lock or luggage in the last day free of charge. They had a problem with the toilets though, they were plumbed once in a while. It was fixed very quickly though. But it´s not so nice, if every single toilet in the house is not working. But that is my only complaint.	
Mar 31 2004	Great NY Experience	My first time in NYC I went w/my boyfriend and cousins. We had two rooms which were average size. The hotel was clean, bathrooms were very clean! Hallways smelled a little weird, (elevator). I liked this hotel because we got a great price, the location is Awesome, we were close to everything. And Hotel 17 had a very New York flavour. Very Cool Place. If you are a picky person, Do Not Stay Here! This hotel is for the Adventourous Type. They have a great cafe nearby which serves delicous breakfast. We ate breakfast there the last day and the snow was falling. It was Beautiful!!! My first time seeing Snow...Loved NYC...Great Place to visit...so much to do...Oh one more thing this is a cool place to go w/friends...It's not too Romantic.. Overall Pretty Chill Hotel	
Mar 21 2004	I'll Be Back	My daughter and I just spent 5 nights at Hotel17. I was a little nervous about staying in an unfamiliar city and in an unfamiliar hotel. I need not have worried. The neighborhood was great, even found a decent Mexican food restaurant on the corner. Close to Union Square and the farmer's market. The room was small but cozy, and the shared baths were always kept stocked and clean. Noise was not an issue and the staff was extremely nice. The only complaint is an odor on part of the third floor. Smelled like a dog or urnine, but it was only in a small area. I don't know why I would stay anywhere else considering the price.	
Mar 19 2004	Great for the price good safe location	I stayed here with a friend. The staff was accomodating, and safe location. The rooms were not luxury, clean, iron burn on the carpet, water stains on the ceiling, but they were worth the $65 a night for two beds in NYC. The location is really good, close to Union Sq, and 2nd Ave. I would stay here again if on a budget.	
Mar 15 2004	Couldn't Disagree More With The Bad Reviews	This was a first for me, my first visit to New York, my first plane ride and certainly my first time booking a hotel online without seeing it first. I absolutley loved it. My three friends and I read some of the reviews prior to leaving and got a little scared, but once we got there we realized how bogus they were. The hotel staff was kind to us and even helpful. The room was plenty warm, and it was freezing outside, the bathrooms were always immaculate and never occupied. I loved that the rooms were &quot;cozy&quot; and the sink in the room was a big help (when you are traveling with two guys). You couldn't find a better location..right smack dab in the middle of union square...and for that price...awesome! I plan on returning, soon, and I would most definitley stay at the Hotel 17 again. So to the staff, and the city of New York, we thank you! See you soon!	
Mar 2 2004	A nice place to stay	I think this was a very nice place to stay if you don't care about services in the hotel. Price was cheap, location was great, room was beautiful and different than in standard hotels (not small at all) and although shared bath doesn't sound good, baths were extremely clean and always available. People in reception were friendly, they kept our seven luggages for few hours on the day we left. Only negative thing I can say is that our room was too hot and there was no possibility to adjust the temperature (well there was air conditioning system but the machine was rather noisy).	
Mar 2 2004	fantastic	I stayed at the &quot;Hotel 17&quot; (New york) from the 16th to the 25th of feb 2004. After reading all the reviews (on this site) both good and bad naturally I had some concerns about what the quality would be like.The hotel is in a fantastic (safe) location close to Union Square. We came as a party of five people three ladies and two guys all the way from Ireland.&quot;Us&quot; (the girls) shared a small but adequate non smoking room on the 7th floor. Thankfully there is a lift which came in useful after a long hard day of sightseeing. Our room was equiped with a tv, sink, hairdryer and alarm clock. It was clean, warm and very comfortable, maybe a little squashed with three of us but we didn't mind.As for the Bathroom facilites, although shared they were always spotlessly clean and immaculate. The reception staff were friendly, often going out of their way to make us feel at home. Each morning they made sure to ask us if everything was to our satisfaction. I'm planning to stay here again and I would certainly recommend this small yet friendly hotel to anyone on a budget who doesn't mind sharing bathroom facilites.	
Mar 1 2004	Staff and Hotel Highly Recommended	As I was doing my trip to New York on a tight budget with some of my friends, I decided to check on the net for a cheap hotel. After finding Hotel 17 I checked trip advisor for reviews and found that 70% of the reviews for the hotel were favourable.I decided to take the chance.All I can say is that I'm thrilled I did.The staff were so nice and friendly to us, always asking us if everything was to our liking.The room and shared bathroom were spotless and heated to an agreeable temperature (kind of tropical which was really welcome after minus 11 degrees celsius outside).The room was small but not cramped with a TV, alarm clock, washbasin, hairdryer etc. -everything you'd need. The hotel is 2 blocks from subway (14th st Union Sq) in a really safe area, and there is a great cafe nearby for breakfast.We stayed 8 nights in this hotel, and had such a good time we're planning to go back in August for another week - we've even been invited to the manager's birthday party!! top notch A+++ - it's not the Waldorf Astoria, but who cares for this price and friendliness.	
Feb 26 2004	If you do not want to spend too much to sleep....	When I'm going to NYC, I come to spend money for shopping and party!!! So The Hotel 17 is a good place to stay if you do not want to spend too much to rest and take a shower. The room that I was find for me and my friend. It was not noisy at all and our room was clean (a bit small I have to say). Except for the shared bath. I had to take a quick shower and runaway 'cause it was not cool at all. At least, I never had to wait, there were no line up. Well located. I had a good experience 'cause when you are in the city for a few days only (like a week-end) you do not have the time to stay in your room for a long period, the action is outside anyway....	
Feb 13 2004	Eeeeek!	This place was scary. Maybe I'm just not &quot;used to NY&quot;, but I have been there enough times, and never have i felt so dirty in a hotel. I didn't even take the bedspread off the bed; rather I put a towel on top of it before I went to sleep. I suppose the shared bathrooms were relatively clean for what they were, but not something that I enjoyed. The whole hotel smelled really stale and musty, and the staff wasn't very friendly. I suppose the only thing that was good was the price. But in this case, you definitely get what you pay for.	
Jan 27 2004	Stay Away From the Hotel 17	I love funky, quirky, cheap, historic hotels and I am not terribly hard to please but the Hotel 17 was a huge disappointment in every aspect except one--the shared baths were nicely remodeled, super clean and always available. I booked a room for two nights over New Years. The queen bed I booked on Orbitz turned out to be just a double (although I had confirmed this by phone knowing I was sharing the bed with my brother), the room itself was teenie weenie (think cabin on a cruise ship), the furniture and in-room sink were cheap and run down, there were no bed side lights and even the overhead lighting was not good enough to read by. And the front desk staff... look, I can wait a few minutes while you round up your personal call but don't make me wait 10 minutes, not once, not twice, but three times. I chose the Hotel 17 for its location AND price. I could have gotten the same price in several other much better hotels a little further uptown and next time I will.	
Jan 13 2004	What happened to Jamie's staff	I was there back in 2001, totally the best stay I ever had in New York. Jamie was more than a Hotel Manager, he was the &quot;ULTIMATE PR DIRECTOR&quot; he and Manny took us to the trendiest places NYC offers!!!Revisit NYC September 2003, Jamie and Company are gone. Hotel 17 is no longer fun, fab, and a flat out RIP OFF!!!! The allure of 17 is not the Hotel its Jamie and his awesome &quot;goodlooking&quot; Desk staff. Try the Gershwin these days!!	
Jan 13 2004	Great value not the Hilton	This hotel is a very good deal. I stayed twice in 2003, and felt that I was gettig good value for the money, considering that it is New York City. The location is fantastic - Union Square/Gramercy is a great area with good restaurants, and has fantastic subway connnections. The hotel is kept very clean. The shared bathrooms are fine - almost never anyone there, and almost always very clean. The rooms are nicely decorated and range in size from adequate to good sized, and have sinks in them. The 8 permanent residents can be a bit of a problem: one of them has his TV on day and night quite loudly. If you encounter this, ask to be moved, they are sympathetic to this problem since there is nothing they can do to move these people out. You're not getting the Hilton for this price, but you are getting something clean, comfortable and well-located. I would not hesitate to return to 17.	
Jan 8 2004	A very nice Europen Style Hotel		
Jan 7 2004	Worse than I Thought		
Dec 27 2003	Awesome deal!		
Dec 26 2003	too cool		
Dec 24 2003	Don't believe what you read		
Dec 15 2003	a pretty good deal		
Nov 1 2003	Better than expected		
Sep 12 2003	Quiet dreamy romantic Hotel 17		
Jul 20 2003	Tidy hotel Great Location		
Jun 11 2003	Hotel 17 scores a 17 out of 100.		
Oct 21 2009 	Schön zentral		
Oct 16 2009 	Hotel unicamente per chi non ha pretese e vuole risparmiare		
Oct 14 2009 	Piacevole sorpresa		
Aug 23 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Aug 21 2009 	günstig und gut übernachten		
Aug 18 2009 	Hotel con Rapporto/Qualità Eccezionale!!		
Jul 17 2009	Le prix a payé pour être bien situé !		
Jul 8 2009 	agreablement surprise par cet hotel		
Jun 24 2009 	?????????		
May 16 2009 	Bon rapport Q/P pour NY		
May 12 2009 	Posizione favolosa a un ottimo prezzo		
Jan 19 2009 	Un hôtel plein de charme et de caractère		
Jan 3 2009	Da consigliare agli amici		
Dec 29 2008 	Meglio di quanto credessi!!		
Dec 5 2008 	agréable hotel bien situé		
Sep 30 2008 	kann ich nur empfehlen......		
Sep 17 2008 	L'hotel di Woody Allen		
Sep 9 2008 	Bon hôtel à recommander !		
Aug 20 2008 	Très Correct		
Jul 25 2008 	Bon rapport qualité-prix		
Jul 25 2008 	Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo/posizione		
Jun 11 2008 	Très bon hôtel		
Jun 9 2008 	Bon choix de point de chute		
May 13 2008 	Hotel Sympa !!!!		
Apr 24 2008 	super plan		
Mar 12 2008 	attention à la réservation de la chambre !!!		
Jan 4 2008 	"Hotel propre pas cher et bien situé"		
Nov 7 2007	Très bon rapport qualité-prix		
Oct 13 2007 	Tres bon rapport qualité prix une adresse a garder		
Sep 20 2007 	Super pour les célibataires ou les routards désargentés...		
Sep 7 2007 	Underground Klassiker		
Jul 25 2007 	Alles was man braucht in einem der schönsten Viertel von NY !!		
