	A pleasant Thanksgiving surprise!	I stayed at this hotel during the Thanksgiving holiday and was not only very surprised but very pleased! All hotel accomodations were great. My room had a very comfortable king bed &amp; I slept like a baby! Continental breakfast was great! Hotel bar was great! I'll be staying at this hotel again! Location! ws fabulous!	
	Nice Budget Hotel	We were in town for the Macy's Parade and selected this hotel based on the fact that it was the best deal we could find. That should be your selection criteria too. If you are looking for a clean, simple room, this is it. My husband and I have have stayed in every hotel price range imaginable, but for this trip, we were trying to stay on the cheap, as we knew we would never be in the room. The room was clean and small. All NYC hotels are small, so brace yourself. Beds were comfy and bathrooms clean. Lobby area was nice and they provide a complimentary breakfast of coffee, juice, bagels, and do-nuts. The location is great for exploring and the subway is around the corner and down one block. My only complaint is that our AC banged and roared all night (EVEN WHEN OFF, yes, I know, but it's true). I did let the front desk know, and while he was polite, nothing was fixed. Other than the strange window unti banging, we never heard our neighbors or the street. The staff was polite, but older and not exactly &quot;hip&quot; on cool places to eat or have a drink. You are on your own for that advice. I would probably not stay here again, only because I am personally not a fan of the neighborhood or being that close to Times Square, but for many visitors, the location is perfect.	
	Great value	I travel to NY often for business and have stayed at many a nice hotel (The Palace, The Plaza, etc), so I was a bit worried about this one. I was traveling with my mother, who did not want to spend a lot, so after reviewing choices on TripAdvisor, we picked The Hotel at Times Square. I must admit it is a good choice for value-minded travelers. It is on a relatively quiet block of 46th between 5th and 6th avenues -- close to 5th Avenue shopping to the east and theaters to the west. I would caution guests to avoid rooms on the east side of the hotel for the next several months, however, as there is a big construction project starting on the lot next door. Our room faced 46th and street noise was minimal (for NY). We heard nothing through the walls either.The rooms are small but that is normal for NY. The room was very clean and the bathroom newly remodeled with plenty of shelf space and nice enough towels. No problems with hot water. The beds were comfortable and the sheets were soft, albeit rather thin. The blanket and bedspread were OK for now, but this will likely be an area to watch as the newness of the redesign starts to fade.The room was always warm, often hot in fact, but we slept with the AC on low and this made the temp perfect as well as blocked street noise.The breakfast room is downstairs and I'm not sure that there is an elevator for the lower level. There is no doorman, so no help with luggage or getting a taxi. The lobby is nice and there was a computer for guest use.My only complaints are that the vending machine didn't work and there are no newspapers available for purchase in the hotel	
Nov 26 2009 	Great hotel in a great location at a great price	Just got back from a quick trip to NYC to see the Macy's parade. The Hotel at Times Square was clean, quiet, nicely furnished, and so convenient to Grand Central and many sites. We stayed in the family suite on the 12th floor and it was spacious, clean, and quiet. We booked through AAA and the price was right. We would definitely stay there again without hesitation.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great Hotel Great Value!	Location can't be beat, walking distance to Times Square/theatre district. The hotel was clean and room was nicely furnished. Staff at front desk are professional and accommodating (Geovanna is especially informative and friendly). Definitely will stay there again! A moderately priced hotel in the middle of Times Square!	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Hotel in good location	Stayed in The Hotel at Times Square fo 8 nights with my wife, we found it to be excellent value for money, room was large and with huge bed. There was some traffic noise from street at night but this New York, room was on 7th floor and overlooked a small memorial garden. The Hotel has been renovated recently and certainly looks clean and modern, Breakfast was included and this consisted of cereals, bagels and bread to toast with fruit and yoghurt a fine start to day. The area around Hotel has loads of Restauants and Bars and is only 200yards from center of Times Square.Would recomend this Hotel and would Stay again.	
Nov 17 2009 	excellent location moderate price best for family trips	Stayed for 6 nights in this Hotel on our (re-)discovery trip to NYC. Appreciated the location, the service, the business centre, friendliness of the staff. All this for a moderate price, so you can .... spend your dollars elsewhere. Best proof : a full house!Recommend it for tourism and private/family trips.	
Nov 17 2009 	good value wonderful location	Very good hotel,good price, close to all nyc atractions,new room, refurnished, very confortable.	
Nov 15 2009 	No frills but perfect location	We stayed here for 10 days while holidaying for 4 weeks around the US. We stayed here last when it was the super 8. There have been a few upgrades since then and the price is still around the same. I think it may be due to the construction next door. The noise from this starts at 7am every week day so be prepared to wake up early! Other than the noise which will finish one day the hotel is great. It is in a great location and although the rooms are small they have everything you need. We weren't there to sit in our room so it was more than adequate and the bed was quite comfy. I found the free wi-fi a bit patchy but we were on the top floor so this may have had something to do with it. The breakfast room has been extended since our last stay and there was plenty of room for everyone to sit and eat.You can't beat this place for its location, between 5th and 6th Ave and so close to Times Square and a short walk to Central Park. It was a great base for us to explore the city from.	
Nov 15 2009 	great location and price shame the reception desk staff were surly	This hotel was recommended to us by friends and is in a great location, easy walking distance to Times Square and the upper east side. The continental breakfast was fine and the man working in the breakfast room was very pleasant and helpful. We booked a king size room and it was large (not small at all). Be careful if booking via their website - there is a system glitch that books 2 rooms when you book a room. When we arrived at the hotel the front desk man was quite rude about it and made us feel very uncomfortable and that we were at fault. We know that this also happened to at least one other couple while we were there - so it appears that it is their website. If they don't fix their website I recommend that you confirm your booking prior to arrival rather than suffer the grief when you check in.	
Nov 10 2009 	Location for a Deal	Not right on Times Square but very close. Between 6th and 5th Avenue (Times Square is where Broadway crosses 7th Avenue). I was in Nw York for three days to see four plays. Three of the theaters were only an easy 15 minute walk from the hotel. The fourth was a 20 block walk up Broadway to Lincoln Center. This is the first time I was ever in New York without using the subway.The real surprise was the quality of the hotel for the price. I paid $189 a night, which included AARP discount and all the taxes ($27.40). All of the pictures on their web site are accurate. I had a single room which was large with plenty of closet and drawer space and a desk and two chairs. I was on the 9th floor and could even look out half of my window and see the street below and the sky above. Wallpaper and drapes looked new. Bathroom was large and bright and new-looking	
Nov 10 2009 	Although room was small met all our needs and can't beat location for the price.	Didn't know what to expect. Couldn't believe my eyes when I realized that we were only 1 block away from Times Square. Although hotel is not fancy, it met all our needs. It was clean and beds were comfortable. Staff was friendly and very helpful. Even the breakfast was adequate to get our day started. Can't beat the price for where the hotel is located. I was there with my 2 adult daughters and never feared walking alone at night. My daughters are planning to go back with their families around Christmas. Was even able to print my boarding passes in the business centre. Usually there is no paper available for printing.	
Nov 7 2009 	Average	WHAT HEAT IN THE ROOMS!!!!!!! Staying here for a week we were hoping for a good, quiet, relaxing, friendly and inexpensive accomodation. We got all, but the heating was so overpowering. We asked for heating to be turned down, told it was, the room still made us sick. We also had to change rooms as the family rooms are so small, we paid for upgrading to a suite, a little better, heating still a disaster.Continental breakfast very good, crossiants, juice,cereals, fruit, tea coffee as much as you like. Reception personal very helpful, housekeeping staff very polite. Overall good hotel, great location. THE BAR UPSTAIRS SO OVERPRIZED GO ELSEWHERE FOR A JAR, BETTER VALUE.	
Nov 4 2009 	Horrible: No refund even after explaining my son was discovered a terminal disease	Not 24 hours before, as their policy states, but 20 hours before, we called to cancel a reservation, because our child had been diagnosed a terminal disease just hours before, on that same Friday. We had a reservation for Saturday.This was the answer from the manager, when I requested a refund, with a doctor's letter:-------------Dear Mr. ,I am very sorry for the delay on the request below but we can not creditthe no-show charges because our room was left vacant &amp; clean as we hadheld the room in good faith.Sorry again-------------I will not only never go there, but make every effort possible to damage their image, because they don't deserve to be in business. I'm a frequent traveller and have cancelled reservations before, with less important excuses, and never had a response like this. If you want to give these kind of people a job, know what business you're throwing your money into.	
Oct 30 2009 	Top hotel for tourists.	We stayed here at the start and end of our trip to NYC, New England and Canada and decided on this hotel based on good TA reviews. Well I can confirm the positive reviews. This hotel is all that you need for NYC. It's very well located being close to Times Square, Rockefeller Centre and the subway. The first room we had was at the back of the hotel and had no view but it was quiet. The room was small and it was difficult to open all our suitcases - wifey has a suitcase that is in two halves so it needs the floor space of an average billard table to be able to open it. If you stand the suitcase up it doubles as a walk-in-robe!The decor is very tastefully done as was pointed out by wifey who knows about these things. I just wanted to know how many cable channels there were. The tariff is very reasonable (for NYC) and is value for money. I knew I had done well when the rest of the the people staying there were modest tourist types like ourselves with not a business man to be seen - not even one trying to save on his travel allowance.Also not much English was being spoken and it sounded like some Eastern European languages which had me wondering how they got the word about this hotel.The breakfast is included and is well run.On return to NYC we stayed in the front of the hotel in a much larger room and it had a good view of the small park opposite. Make sure you ask for a non-smoking room as they have both.My only gripe. The lift (elevator) at the back makes a pinging noise on every floor and in the lift (elevator) you feel like you are in a German U-Boat being pinged by a Royal Navy destroyer. How about killing that pinger?	
Oct 29 2009 	Super stay in great location	Booked this hotel using Tripadvisor due to location and good reviews.In a city of spectacularly rude people this hotel has miraculously found a set of very friendly, efficient, eager to please staff. Rooms were good sized and clean, breakfast was fine and started the day off well. Great location, only a couple of minutes walk to Times Square but in a (relatively) quiet street. Would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Oct 26 2009 	Third time's the charm!	This is the 3rd time I have stayed at this hotel since 2006. It is no longer the Super 8, and I was pleasantly surprised and delighted to see the extensive renovations the new management has accomplished. Our room was very nice and sufficient for its purpose. All staff were kind and considerate. I wish the continental breakfast area (updated decor with plenty of space) was open earlier than 7 am, but aside from that, it is a great value!!!! Very good bagels :) I gladly tipped the attendant as he is the hardest working guy in that breakfast room, as well as courteous. I definitely will book this hotel again. Location is a plus as well.	
Oct 25 2009 	The beds are worth the price alone.	Just back from a weekend stay here, and I will begin with the raves...THOSE BEDS. By far the most comfortable beds and pillows I have ever experienced. We stayed in a family suite that had plenty of space for all of our things. The large, flat screened TVs were a pleasant surprise, and my teen-ager loved the I-Pod dock. The room was decorated so prettily in soothing sage greens, with dark wood furniture, that we loved coming in from a long day in the city. Bottom-line, the brand spanking newness of the rooms make your stay here.Second, the hotel is very, very clean. Our room was spotless. Did I say we loved our room? Good.Third: location. On 46th btw 5 &amp; 6th, this hotel is smack in the middle of everything. We traveled all over the city from this prime location with no problem. We were especially grateful for the bus that went down Fifth on a rainy fall night - it stopped right at 46th and we were in the hotel in no time at all. Believe me, I was loving the location that night.Fourth: any concerns we had were taken care of immediately: pillows were brought in minutes, etc.The rest are quibbles and not deal breakers: the elevators are miniscule and you will wait. Still, for how small and how full the hotel is, it could have been worse. Check out early to avoid the long lines at the desk area, which is small and gets crowded super fast. The breakfast offering did not appeal to me. The coffee looked horribly weak, the doughnuts sugary sweet, and so on. My preference, others seem to like it. We skipped it. Still, things were well-stocked, clean, stored well. The front desk help could have cracked a smile more often. Still, I can look past weak coffee, apathetic front desk people and even a Barbie-sized elevator for those heavenly beds and that pretty family suite. It's the big things that matter, and this hotel has them covered.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great hotel and location	I would definitely stay at the Hotel at Times Square again. I loved the location. It was a very nice room for the price. The room was nicely decorated and was very clean. You can't beat the price. The bed was very comfortable.	
Oct 22 2009 	This is the place to be in NYC.	On-line booking and fearing the unknown is quite stressful when it comes to spending money these days. We went to this place on a recommendation based on its prior name and location. It's been newly renovated. WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED! What a great place! We booked a 2-room family suite on the 10th floor. Perfect location with all of the basic needs. What a great time we had on the long weekend. We saws the sites and walked almost 9 miles in total that weekend. It was a great time had by all of us. Staff was friendly, continental breakfast was sufficient, and seeing the glow of Time Square steps away was just far enough to sleep peacefully at night. Look no further in the haystack of hotels. This was a great little place to stay. AAA discount, as well. Discount parking available just a block away.	
Oct 21 2009 	Not to be recommended	We cannot recommend anyone stays at this hotel, unless you want to wake up in the middle of the night to find a large rat rummaging through your luggage and then chasing you round the room as it tried to escape.The good news is though that the hotel advise they have now employed an exterminator service to help try and control the situation.Happy hunting, we shall not be back to check on the progress.	
Oct 16 2009 	Perfect Hotel! Book It Now!	After Months of Searching for a reasonably priced Hotel near Times Square we settled for this one.Very good Price - Easy to Book online even got emailed reminders before our trip.We arrived via Carmel Cars (Highly recommended) [--] or book online - $57 from Newark. Arriving at 1pm we were given the Cards to our room staright away on the 3rd floor. The room was a KING room and the Bed was massive - The room was absolutely spotless it had a desk with 40&quot; Plasma with many channels to choose from - There was a safe which was at no extra charge and an Iron and ironing board. Bathroom was great - Shower was Super - also had an alarm clock in the bedroom with an ipod dock.turning left out of the Hotel it was just a 3 minute walk to 5th Avenue Turning right it was 5 minute (if that) walk to Times Square. Very Safe at night to walk all the street round here.Breakfast was from 7.30am - 10am was never completely full and got seats no problem - Breakfast consisted of Yoghurts, Doughnuts (Great selection) Cornflakes, Frosties, Bran Flakes, Bread &amp; Bagels (Toaster was there for these) Jam, Cheese, Butter, Bananas, Apples, Orange Juice, tea, Coffee - was an excellent start for your day.There was free use of the 2 computers in the Reception Lounge Printeres were available next to them too. Also free wi-fi throughout the Building so bring your laptop - its good to book Broadway shows via Broadwaybox.xom via the internet and collect ticket at the theatre saving upto 50% - you could queue at TKTS in time square but you'll be there for ages!.We checked out of the Hotel at 12 o,clock and our bags were stored without problem until later in the afternoon.I searched for ages for a decent Hotel and I am very fussy - Here you will get Great value for money and a super Base for staying in the Heart of New York.!! Book it now.	
Oct 14 2009 	Very Happy - This was a Good Find!	My wife &amp; I stayed here 6 nights beginning October 7 and were Very Happy, especially with the price under $200. The excellent TripAdvisor reviews were mostly accurate. However, here are a few clarifications regarding some reviewers' negative comments. First, the hotel IS only 1.5 blocks from Times Square. You have to remember that the east-west blocks in Manhattan are much longer than the north-south blocks. So it may seem longer than 1.5 blocks, but it technically is that length. Regardless, it's an easy, enjoyable walk to Times Square, as it is to other points of interest such as Rockefeller Center, Theaters, the Diamond District, 5th Avenue shopping, etc. GREAT LOCATION! Second, some people really seemed to be hung up on the &quot;glass door&quot; for the bathroom. Don't worry - it's no big deal. The doors are frosted and textured (see picture attached to this review). At the most, you can only see a silhouette if someone is in the bathroom unless that person is right up tight against the door. If you're rooming with that person, neither of you should feel uncomfortable with seeing a person's silhouette. The door is actually modern and attractive. Third, the breakfast room is more than adequate in size, the breakfast is very good, and it is a wonderful feature not duplicated in most other NY hotels. Some reviewers have complained about the breakfast being very basic and the room being too small. Well, here's the scoop: There were ample supplies of FRESH, high quality bananas, apples, cereals, oatmeal, bagels, English muffins, bread/toast, donuts, chilled yogurt, chilled juices, hot coffee, and tea. There is a full-time attendant there working his buns off and he deserves every dollar in the &quot;tip bowl&quot; on the counter. It looked like most folks appreciated the nice attendant and the wonderful breakfast feature, because the tip bowl was always fairly full. We never had to wait for a place to sit, even though the hotel was very busy. Even when it was fairly crowded, tables turned over quickly and no one had to wait more than a minute or two. Fourth - Sure we had to wait anywhere from 1-15 minutes for the free internet service in the lobby at busy times, but most of the time we picked less busy times of the day and walked right up to one of the two unoccupied computers. We printed our boarding passes, confirmed reservations, read emails, etc with ease. This was a very nice service. Plus the wireless connection in our room worked flawlessly with our Ipod Touch. And fifth, the two elevators were actually quite fast. They both were in service except when one was tied up for housekeeping (they had big loads at certain, but short, times of the day. We were on the 12th floor and had to wait up to 5 minutes only once or twice in six days.We had a large, very nice room with King-size bed (no extra cost when we booked a couple months earlier). The bed was very comfortable, the flat screen tv was great, the room was quiet and very clean. We had an interior room (no view) but still thought it was a great room.Sure there were a few minor rough spots at the hotel, but we had no real complaints at all. If I had to note the things that were less than &quot;perfect&quot;, this would be my list: the front desk staff was somewhat inconsistent - from very nice, efficient and professional to much less professional (one guy in particular). One of the concierge staff was not friendly or helpful and looked as though it was torture for her to work with the guests looking for information. The guest room and hallway doors automatically close and aren't adjusted or cushioned properly. Every door closes with a BANG which can sometimes be alarming in the middle of the night. But overall, these were just minor issues.We will return to this hotel for sure and will highly recommend it to other travelers. Hope this review and photos help.	
Oct 13 2009	Excellent hotel	My daughter (24) and I stayed for 3 nights at this hotel on Oct. 7, 2009 and were very pleased. Nice lobby, very clean room with VERY good mattresses, bathroom well equipped. Very adequate breakfast.Location is just perfect - very centrally and not too noisy (which is hard to find in NYC).Can certainly recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Oct 12 2009 	Amazing location and nice people.	The location is really excelent, even if you hanven´t been to New York before. Just 2 minute walk to Times Square and one minute walk to Fifth Avenue. The rooms are smal, especially the double, but have good TV, clean bathroom and great bed. The people at the hotel are very nice and honest. Great stay - if I return to NY I'll be back!	
Oct 10 2009	Convenient and good value	My sister and I were just staying one night in New York while we went to the US Open. The hotel was convenient to the subway, which took us directly to Flushing Meadows. It seems to be pretty well located if going to Broadway or other sight seeing adventures. There was only one reception clerk at check in time and there was a line. It went slowly, primarily because one of the guests had a problem. The clerk seemed a little flustered, but remained professional. The room was clean and newly remodeled. It was very loud outside, starting at 5am. The shower head was heavenly. Very adequate continental breakfast provided. I would definitely stay again.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location highly reccommended!	We had great service the whole 2 days we were there. Front desk people were very nice. We were able to buy tour bus tickets at hotel from very helpful and patient lady at service desk. Included basic breakfast of bagels, cereal and doughnuts. We had two rooms and both were very clean and not as small as I had expected. There were some spots in the hotel that needed minor repair or touch-ups, but overall it was nice and was very clean. The location was great. Two short blocks from Times Square and 1 block from 5th Ave. I thought it was noisy at night (although my husband didn't notice), might be better to have a room that didn't overlook the street. We had a great experience and it was the best price we found in that area for that weekend. Would definitely reccommend!	
Oct 8 2009 	Now that it's remodeled we'll go back there year after year!	We love this hotel! The lobby is modern and beautiful. Our room was the perfect size for the two of us; it was updated, clean, and quite comfortable. The staff was professional and helpful, although we had no problems they needed to attend to. We enjoyed the generous continental breakfast in the newly remodeled spacious breakfast area. The location, so close to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Fifth Avenue, and subways, has always been important to us, and we couldn't ask for a more convenient spot. It's a great value for the money. We travel to NYC every fall, and will definitely go back to the Hotel at Times Square!	
Oct 6 2009 	Great stay	This is the 4th time I've stayed at this hotel and it was definitely the best visit as the renovations are finally finished. We had a room on the 9th floor; the room was decorated very nicely and quite large - it could have accommodated 2 cots in addition to the 2 queen beds. Room was very quiet (until at the dot of 7:00 a.m. each morning the construction outside began); bed was comfortable; housekeeping did a great job. The breakfast room has been enlarged and is organized much better than in the past. The breakfast offered is basic: bagels, toast, yoghurt, fruit and oatmeal, but a nice extra included in the price. The foyer and lobby have been updated and there are lots of couches and flat screens around, in addition to 2 computers and free internet access. The young lady who organizes tickets, etc. is most helpful in the lobby. The elevators can be slow, particularly at peak times, but no big deal. You can't beat the location of this hotel and we received a very reasonable rate. I will definitely continue to book this hotel in the future.	
Sep 29 2009 	Just about perfect!!!!	Spent 4 nights here and have to say we couldn't have been happier. The twin queen bed rooms are spacious and well maintained. House keeping service was excellent and friendly. The breakfast downstairs was vey good,nice fresh doughnuts and bagels,butter kept in a mini fridge[great touch].Somebody has thought out customer service.My only mild negative was the in room coffee very weak needed two packs to make one good cup and please let's have china cups and saucers instead of styrotex.This will be my future base anytime I'm in Manhattan.	
Sep 29 2009 	Best Deal in NYC!	I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this hotel. The service was great 24/7. We arrived early and couldn't go to our room but they let us check in and took all our baggage for us and stored it until we came back. The front desk and concierge were always very friendly and always went out of their way to help any way they could.The lobby of the hotel was very updated and modern. It had two computers that could be used by the guests at any time and lots of seating area. There was a fitness room and a HUGE breakfast room downstairs - the continental breakfast was really well done and a nice inclusion to an already affordable hotel.Compared to other hotels in this class/price range, the rooms were huge - ours had two double beds, a desk w/ chair, a flat screen TV perched on a fair sized chest of drawers, an arm chair, a full sized closet, air conditioning and a four piece private bath. I read that some people complained that the bathroom door was frosted glass. I went with a girlfriend and we tested it - you couldn't see through the glass unless you were leaned up against it and trying!! It also had free local calling and an alarm with MP3/iPod compatibility, which was nice when getting ready to go out and hit the town! Everything was so new and SO CLEAN!! Our rooms were done everyday and we received full linen change and fresh towels. There were four pillows on each bed and extra blankets in the closet.The location was awesome. It's between 5th and 6th, but a little closer to 6th. It took us less than 5 minutes to walk to the middle of Times Square. Because we were one block from the busiest part, I didn't find it very loud at all (mind you, we were on the 10th floor). There is a little bar in the hotel that is super small, but has great service, atmosphere, and super cheap martinis! Definitely worth stopping there for a drink or two before heading elsewhere.I would definitely stay at this hotel again and I have been recommending it to anyone who will listen. You will not be disappointed.	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent value - great location	A friend and I stayed here for a 5 day vacation in early September. The hallways are tiny, but the rooms were spacious for NY standards, comfortable and, most importanly, clean. Good (FREE) continental breakfast and friendly staff. Great location...easy walking distance to Time Square, Rockefeller Center, Grand Central Station and other major attractions and close to major subway lines. For two friends travelling on a limited budget, this was an excellent hotel...highly recommended.	
Sep 28 2009 	Very nice CLEAN and NEW furniture. Best price x location.	Perfect location, great price, decent breakfast. Room was very clean, has coffee machine, brand new tv, good tv channels, good lamps.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great location- will return	We have stayed in many NYC hotel in different locations and this by far was the best for walking out your door into the heart of the &quot;tourist&quot; section of the city. Room was clean as was breakfast area and lobby, only negative was that our room and bathroom windown opened into the middle of the building. I would have been better off if I never opened the windown to see what was out there at all. Also, very nice bar on site, but the staff were very unfriendly and offered no local entertainment or food suggestions. Breakfast was standard cold cereal and bagels, but nothing I wasn't expecting. Overall, because of the how clean and updated the hotel was I would stay again for the cost. Also- we stayed here because it was near a subway that went directly to yankee stadium.	
Sep 24 2009 	A real gem	After a very exhaustive internet search and months of planning this hotel was reccommended by a co-worker 1 week before our trip to NY. Great location, rooms were very clean, friendly/helpful staff, very quiet and comfy beds (so quiet and comfy we slept in and missed breakfast every morning!). We were surprised at the spacious rooms from what I read about the tiny rooms in NY hotels. We arrived at 1:00 and expected to store our luggage but our room was ready for us and storage on our day of departure was great so we didn't have to wheel our luggage around the streets. A nice surprise just across the street, a beautiful park and tribute to 9/11 victims (very touching) a quiet oasis to get away from the hustle and bustle of the streets. Very happy to have stumbled upon this hotel at the last minute. Glad to not have stayed right in Times Square as originally planned. Definately would reccomend to anyone! Thank you for making our stay so enjoyable and comfortable!	
Sep 17 2009 	Old Reliable...	I liked this hotel when it was the Super 8. The rooms are clean and the staff are very helpful. Despite the fact that there was a problem with the heater on the coldest day of January, I was supplied a space heater that worked just fine and within minutes. You can't beat the price and the location. I would definitely recommend and continue to stay in the future. In fact, I will be staying at the Hotel at Times Square next month.	
Sep 17 2009 	good location	stayed in this hotel which was in a great location just off Times Square.Free internet PC's in lobby.Room was quite small given the cost but sufficient.the only problem wass that the bed lonen appeared not to have been changed before I moved in. I only stayed one night so can't comment on longer stays.continental breakfast in mornings was mediocre.Overall too expensive for the quality of rooms and service.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great Place to stay!	OMG Let me tell you about my visit to NY where we stayed at the Times Hotel—from the moment we checked in until we left-4 days and3 nights the staff were so friendly and helped us in any and all ways. The room was clean and we loved the room we had with the extra space. Being from Texas we were a bit concerned about security-no need for that because they have the best. I would defiantly recommend the Times Hotel to any who makes a trip to NY.	
Sep 9 2009 	Nice hotel good location and value mediocre breakfast slow elevator	Stayed here over Labor Day. Nice, well-maintained, fairly new hotel with a good location near Times Square. Great value at $153 a night, I thought, though the advertised queen beds were smaller than a full. Main drawback was very slow elevators and a mediocre breakfast (which was free, so it's hard to complain too much). Rooms were small but well decorated and maintained-very clean. Friendly staff.	
Sep 8 2009 	No problems as usual	We have stayed here many times over the years. We kept going back since it is a solid hotel in NYC - clean rooms, good service, great location, breakfast and fitness room.	
Sep 7 2009 	A good hotel for a decent price good location	We were traveling with our 1 Y.O baby, initially we got a really small room, and between the suitcases, the baby stuff and everything else, we had to hop around and over things just to get to the bathroom or out...The next day we asked to switch room and we were immediately transferred to a substantially bigger room.The rooms are nice and clean, the service we got was quick and helpful.There are only 2 elevators and one of them worked only half the time, though this didn't usually seem to be a problem. They have two computers with free internet access in the lobby, not a lot of privacy but it's quick and free.The breakfast is very good, containing fruits (apples and Bananas) cereal, different kinds of buns, cheese jam etc, coffee, donuts, juice. The location is great, two minute walk(one block) from times square and very close to the subway.	
Sep 5 2009 	Great except for one minor glitch	We stayed at the Hotel at Times Square for one night. We arrived very early in the morning, and &quot;checked in&quot; at about 9:00am. We were given our room assignment, put our bags in storage, but obviously not room keys. We returned to the hotel at about 9pm for the night. After retrieving our bags and getting our keys, we headed up to our room. We were on the 3rd floor in a section that was only serviced by an old-fashioned service style elevator, with an elevator operator and all. Our kids thought this was really fun. Our room was small but otherwise just fine. We were all in bed by around 10:30. At 10:45pm my husband heard someone trying to enter the room. He jumped out of bed. We had thrown the door lock/latch. He looked and it was a family. They apparently had been given this room too, complete with newly coded room keys. They were just as surprised as we were, I suppose. We called to the desk to let them know this family was on their way back. Obviously the next morning our room keys no longer worked. But other than the momentary panic/surprise of thinking someone is breaking into your room when you're in it, we had an excellent stay and it was a great value and location. The parking rates cannot be beat either.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great location and very clean	The service from the time we checked in to the time we checked out was exceptional. The room was clean when we arrived and very spacious for a NYC hotel. Very up to date with a flat screen TV and nice bathroom. The bathroom was small for some people, but nice. We did not mind the size as we are used to small bathrooms. Odd though that the door was glass, which was weird staying with my daughter. The hotel offers free continental breakfast, bagels, cereal, juice, coffee. It was all we needed to start our day, and being free in NYC is really a great deal. The rate was chep too. Less than $500 for a 3 nite stay, during the US Open. Location was the best. A short walk to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and 5th Avenue shopping. Very close to Grand Central, and not too far from Penn Station where we came into the city. Subway is close by too. There is a small park across the street, which made it a nice feeling as well. Plenty of places to eat as well, for all tastes and budgets.The best thing about the Hotel @ Times Square was the location. Each nite we finished up in Times Square. And we felt very safe in the neighborhood.The thing we liked the least was our view. There is none. The window looks out into a fire escape in between buildings. All in all, that would not deterr me from going back. It was a great stay.	
Sep 1 2009 	Clean Quiet Convenient and Reasonable	After an exhaustive search (almost bordering on obsessive!), I found the Apple Core site and finally decided on the Hotel at Times Square. I am in the third day of my trip staying here, and I have to say I have been extremely pleased with the hotel. I think it's a tiny bit of a stretch to call it a boutique hotel, but it definitely lives up to its current reputation as a very pleasant, clean and extremely convenient hotel. My room on the 11th floor has been so nice and quiet, the beds are luxuriously comfortable (so comfortable in fact that I've missed each of the free breakfasts so far because I've slept in so late!), the rooms are perfectly cleaned up every day, and the free wi-fi is a real bonus. I had a small problem with my bathtub drain not working, and they were up within 10 minutes to fix it. Very efficient.The one downside (noted by a previous reviewer as well) is that they give you plastic and styrofoam cups in the room. I also read that the breakfasts are served all on disposable plates with plastic utensils as well. From andenvironmental standpoint, I think it's extremely wasteful and I hope management seriously looks into providing real cups, dishes, and cutlery as soon as possible. In addition, if they truly are trying to promote themselves as a boutique hotel, all the more reason to cut out the tacky and wasteful disposables. The only drawback in my mind to this otherwise pretty great and reasonably priced hotel!	
Aug 23 2009	Location and amenities make for great value in NYC	We reserved this hotel from the Internet, and were pleasantly surprised when we arrived. Everything looks new and clean. Our party stayed in two rooms. Our room was slightly larger than the other, but both had all of the amenities (TV, wireless internet, an alarm clock with an IPod dock, desk and chair, and nice en suite facilities). The ordinary continental breakfast was a timesaver, and the location allowed us to walk to the theatre district, to shopping, and to restaurants. They give discounts to AARP or AAA members. We could not have been more pleased, and will return in the future.	
Aug 21 2009 	Nice Hotel near Times Square	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for the last 2 days of a trip to NYC. We had stayed at the Ramada Eastside hotel, which is also part of the Apple Core chain of hotels. We wanted to stay in the hustle and bustle of Times Square, so decided to give this hotel a try, since we'd had a good experience at the Ramada.Overall, the Apple Core hotels are all pretty much the same. The rooms have been renovated and offer the same amenities at each hotel. I wrote a detailed review for the Ramada Eastside, so you can read that if you want more information.There are a few specific things about this hotel that are different from the Ramada Eastside. The staff at the Ramada Eastside were more personable, whereas the ones at The Hotel are a little less interested in you as a guest. The breakfast room at this hotel is packed in the mornings...a lot more tourists stay here with their families...so you may have to wait to find a table or place to sit and eat. Also, it's louder at this hotel, because of the location. The free wifi was a lot slower, and the computers downstairs were always occupied. Overall, it's just a busier hotel, with the same amenities you'd find at another Apple Core hotel.	
Aug 19 2009	Location location location!! - but service standards a bit low and terrible consierge service	All who travelled and stayed at the hotel = Me: 29/female; Partner: 30/male; father 64/maleMy boyfriend and I took my father on one of our many trips to NYC. We chose this particular hotel because my father has some health problems and cannot walk far distances. In NYC, this is problematic of course because it is a pedestrian city. I promise that this hotel was the very best hotel to stay at with my Dad on the trip because it was the closet hotel to everything (most tourist sights) that tourists have heard of and want to see. We were a mere couple of blocks from Father Duffy Square in Times Square, and we were right in the middle of the theatre district (mere blocks from all the shows we went to see).Upon arrival, yes we also had the fellow who could not speak a word of english, but he was friendly enough. We were also provided little &quot;welcome&quot; packages of the small things you might need or have forgotton (toothbrush, toothpaste, tylenol, etc). It was a nice touch. There is also complimentary continental breakfast served every morning. Fitness centre and high speed interent included as well as boutiques on the main floor. The rooms themselves are standard sized (we stayed in a 2 bedroom double bed room). they are not incredibly small, but not overly large. They are comfortable enough. Our only issue was our television did not work when we arrived and we required extra pillow, so we called down to the front desk for service. It took a very long time for them to rectify the problem and to get more pillows to be honest, so we were a bit put off by their service standards.Clean rooms and it was nice to see that they had extra soap, shampoo and conditioner (knowing we were a party of three).The consierge looked to be a summer student who did not really care too much about her job. I asked her where I could get tickets for Billy Elliot, and she told me &quot;the box office&quot;. Duh. I know that, but they are sold out and usually consierge helps out with this sort of thing. She was very hopeless and definitely NOT helpful.The Hotel is right beside a Dress Barn too, so ladies, lots of dress shopping too! We were staying there when the Pride Parade was going on and it was simply a block up the street, so it was convienient.A negative comment (besides the horrible consierge) would be that one of their two elevators was out of service, so we had to wait a LONG time for an elevator. A few times we took the stairs (we were on the 6th floor).In general, we would stay again just based on the location itself. Awesome location! Again, the rates my boyfriend found a decent rate of $160 for the first 3 nights and then $180 for the last two nights. Not too bad for such a great location. We would stay again....but do not suggest relying on the consierge for anything.	
Aug 11 2009	be aware	I was given one price on cheap hotels when i reserved it, for 159,, then upon check in, they tried charging me over 200,,,, i showed the NON english speaking man and woman my printout,, so they still didnt honor my rate, they charged me 3 dollars over what i was given online,, when i got home and checked my card, they over charged me by 65 dollars,, i called they said they would call back, 4 hours later, he tells me that they over charge in case i watched movies or made phone calls. I was like &quot;you knew when i checked out that I did not do that.&quot; so he says they will credit in 4 to 5 days, i now have to wait and see. Which is frustrating, becuase makes me wonder now what will they do with my credit card info. very dishonest. i will never stay here again. Its not as close to times square as they say,,, its about 6 blocks, and its not worth staying here. we were never thanked for check in or check out, and never told about any hotel amenities. never were told about the buffet, or fitness room, they must think we are mind readers. the consegierge, sent us the wrong way to the location we needed.	
Aug 10 2009 	Best thing is the LOCATION! Easy to get everywhere	We just spent 6 days with our children ages 15 and 13. We booked a non-smoking suite--which had two bedrooms. One had a King bed and the other a Queen. Yes, the bathroom door was a bit see-thru. HahaWe found this hotel to be a great choice. Located in Midtown, it is easy to get everywhere in NYC, yet the actual street it is on (&quot;Little Brazil&quot;) is quite quiet. Our rooms were small, but clean. The beds and pillows were awesome. We didn't plan to spend much time in our rooms, so the size didn't bother us. And because the hotel is located in a charming, older building, it is built like a rock with thick walls. We heard NO noise at all even though our rooms were located near the elevators.The continental breakfasts are only moderate, but suitable: Cold cereals, toast, bagels, doughnuts, coffee, juices, fruit and yogurts. It is definitely a good value.	
Aug 7 2009 	Very nice excellent value!	Hi! I just wanted to contribute to good overviews of the place. After reading tons of reviews on Tripadvisor I finally booked the Hotel at Times Sq. and stayed there for 10 days in the beginning of May 2009. The key thing to share is that it is a great location for visitors, clean rooms and friendly staff. I would not say the place is luxury, it is just nice and clean with nothing disturbing or annoying. I have a very pleasant impression of the place and would definitely recommend it to people who came to see the city and not stay in the hotel for long. However, I should admit that very often one of two elevators does not work, one of two PCs with free Internet access in the lobby does not work, the breakfast is the same everyday. But believe me it is not that crucial for the money you pay.	
Aug 5 2009 	...a little bit of heaven....	It was sure nice to come home to The Hotel @Times Square every night, after our adventurous, shopping and sight seeing days in New York! Everything you have read in all the other reviews is pretty accurate, and we enjoyed everything about the hotel, even our bathroom door. As you may have already read, the bathroom door is pretty see through, with some clear and crystal striping in the middle. To remedy this, I took a hanger out of the closet, and took a bath towel and clipped it lengthwise and hung it on the hook on the door. Viola'....problem fixed! You will find other places to stay in New York, but nothing that compares to this little piece of heaven, with as great a location and price, as The Hotel@ Times Square!!!	
Aug 4 2009 	EXCELLENT VALUE CLEAN CLOSE TO EVERYTHING QUIET AREA	This hotel was great. Worked for my family. Rooms are not huge, but clean and bright. The morning breakfast is a great way to start your day. Staff was excellent. After looking at prices at other hotels, I thought that this place had to be a dump for what they were charging. I am happy to say I was wrong. The place is great. Just 1-1/2 blocks from times square. 1/2 block from 5th ave shopping. Worked great for wife, 2 kids 7 and 13 year olds. I really liked that you could get away from the mobs of crowds on times square. Right across from hotel is a nice plaza to relax in, and the best pizza slices are next to the plaza on 45th st. called Little Italy Pizza. Get the Calamari pizza slice, you will not regret it. We stayed 3 nights and were very happy with the hotel and its central location to sites, shopping, theaters, restaurants and subway right around the corner. I have stayed in nicer, larger hotel rooms that are true five star, but for the price to value you get, it is a five star stay in my book. I will be back to this place to stay again, I just hope that they do not get to popular, and raise the prices of the rooms.	
Aug 1 2009 	Very Nice Accommodations Great Location Excellent Value	We just returned from 4 nights in the Hotel at Times Square. What a wonderful find! The hotel is is on West 46th street between 5th and 6th Avenues. It is an easy walk to Grand Central, Rockefeller Plaza, Times Square and Subway/Metro stops. Your hotel stay includes a reasonable breakfast (hot and cold cereals, fruit, yogurt, rolls, milk, coffee, hot chocolate, juices. The breakfast area is pleasant, well maintained, and has a goodly amount of seating. Our room had a king size bed and was very spacious by NYC standards. The A/C worked fine. The hotel has been recently refurbished. Front desk staff were courteous and helpful. A daily newspaper was included as was free WiFi access in the rooms. There is computer and printer access in the lobby to print boarding passes or check your email if you didn't bring a laptop. The hotel also has a cozy bar/lounge that serves very reasonably priced wine, beer, and cocktails. No restaurant in the hotel, but many, many to choose from in the immediate vicinity. All in all we were very pleased with our choice and would stay there again in (as they say) &quot;a New York Minute!&quot;	
Aug 1 2009 	Wonderful NYC theatre district find.	My wife and I travel from Baltimore to NYC a few times a year for theatre and are always on the lookout for good deals on hotels in the theatre district. We book through the Quikbook website or by phone through their toll-free number. We recently spent three nights at The Hotel at Times Square and will certainly return. It has been recently renovated. The decor is upbeat. The rooms are adequate size, good beds and very clean. Buffet breakfast is included. Free phone calls from the room and free computer access in the lobby. It seems the owners have made a special effort to provide the cost-conscious visitor with all they really need for a good experience. The only downside was the concierge service.	
Jul 27 2009 	A clean pleasant facility at a reasonable price in a great location.	We've stayed in this hotel twice, certainly will go back again. Rooms are clean and well maintained, the continental breakfast (included in room price) is quite satisfactory and is offered in a newly remodeled, pleasant breakfast room. The staff is most welcoming and accommodating. The location, just a couple of blocks from Times Square and a very short walk (even with a suitcase!) from Grand Central Station, couldn't be better. We literally walked everywhere we went--museums, shopping, Circle Cruise, Central Park, theaters, and great restaurants. If you bring a car, discounted parking is available across the street. We're picky, and we highly recommend The Hotel at Times Square.	
Jul 27 2009 	Best Kept Secret in NYC	Booked this property based on reviews read here. The price was great ! The price actually dropped after I made my online reservation, made a call and they adjusted it immediately. The room was new, clean and not huge but big enough. The staff was friendly, the lobby area was nice, the free computers were great (had to wait sometimes but not long) The free breakfast was sufficient and definately saved us some money. Were were a few blocks from TImes Square, Steps away from 5th avenue and Rockefeller Center. The Subway (BDF) was just around the corner. I lived in NY for 30 years and this was my first trip back in 15 years. I could find no better deal online for any other hotel. At 165.00 a night this was the best kept secret in NYC. Would highly recommend and would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Jul 27 2009 	Best Kept Secret in NYC	Booked this property based on reviews read here. The price was great ! The price actually dropped after I made my online reservation, made a call and they adjusted it immediately. The room was new, clean and not huge but big enough. The staff was friendly, the lobby area was nice, the free computers were great (had to wait sometimes but not long) The free breakfast was sufficient and definately saved us some money. Were were a few blocks from TImes Square, Steps away from 5th avenue and Rockefeller Center. The Subway (BDF) was just around the corner. I lived in NY for 30 years and this was my first trip back in 15 years. I could find no better deal online for any other hotel. At 165.00 a night this was the best kept secret in NYC. Would highly recommend and would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Jul 27 2009 	Awesome value! Good service clean room knowledgeable staff	This was a great experience. Staff was friendly, knowledgeable. Very helpful in helping us plan our outings to a variety of NYC attractions. Explained subway and alternative routes that enhanced our experience.Be sure to show AAA or other discount card -- they do check!Computer/internet use included. Computer available in lobby and WIFI in room.Breakfast is crowded. Don't wait until 10:00.I highly recommend the hotel. Great value - excellent location.	
Jul 26 2009 	The most pleasant SURPRISE!	I booked this hotel because of it's resonable price in it's location. I was most pleased when I arrived. The hotel looked as if it had been recently renovated and the location is awesome. One block from 5th Ave and about two blocks from Times Square! They served a continental breakfast every morning. The staff was very friendly and accomondating. AAA discount and they even gave us a discount on the long term parking. It will be the first place I book if ever I return to the Big Apple!	
Jul 24 2009 	Great value at terrific location in The Heart og Midtown Manhattan !	We were 2 groups of 3 persons from Denmark visiting the highlights of The former New Amsterdam, and loved the hotel and location. Terrific value including free breakfast (OK but not great), fast WiFi internet in the room, in-room safes, coffee maker, good air conditioning, etc.The location can not be better if interested in seeing the major sights of The City. 5 minute walk to Times Square, just off of 6th Ave, and a 3 minute walk to the best part of 5th Avenue.We got a cheaper rate than originally booked y continually checking the hotel's web-site, and the price went down 30 dollars pr. room pr. night jujst days before our visit, so we re-booked at the lower rate.The beds were great, the rooms good-sized for New York, and the bathrooms large and very clean. LCD tv, etc.The hotel staff was genuinely interested in the guests having an enjoyable stay.	
Jul 22 2009 	Nice hotel but only 1 elevator operates	All in all it was a very nice stay. Clean rooms. Maid service was kind enough to leave plenty of shampoo and conditioner. Management was always warm and welcoming. Conceriege didn't have any stamps available for purchase for post cards. But most problematic was only one elevator in operation. When I inquired management informed us know they were just wrapping it up. However the very next day they started on the other elevator.....Elevator is used for handymen, maids and guests for all 12 floors.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Value for Money Hotel in NYC	The Hotel at Times Square is a great find for a reasonable priced hotel in NYC. My stay was for 6 nights and I had a large room on the 10th floor. i didnt expect a view as I wasnt in NYC to look out my hotel window. This hotel is close to everything you need for an exciting stay in this large city. The breakfast was an extra bonus and offered the perfect selection for an Aussie traveler, as we are fans of cereal and toast for breakfast. The only thing missing was Vegemite! The staff were all friendly and helpful, answering every query cheerfully and with great knowledge of their city. If I ever make it back to New York I will be booking a stay at The Hotel at Times Square again. Keep up the good work!	
Jul 20 2009 	Excellent value service and location	Stayed for 5 nights recently. It's excellent value with modern, renovated rooms, good solid service and wonderfully clean. The rooms are very comfortable and well equipped and serviced very well. Location is great, round the corner from the subway, safe and walking distance to so much. The hotel management obviously knows something about customer service and this shows in the staff dealings with guests. They respond quickly and appropriately to any issues. The breakfast buffet is more than adequate with a nice variety of food, continental style. The only criticism I have is that there are only styrofoam and plastic plates and utensils available and nothing seems to be recycled. I know there's no kitchen at the hotel, so they can't provide reusable dishware, but can't they find a way to recycle? This is just a personal beef. I'm already planning a return trip to NY and will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great Hotel!!!	The hotel was GREAT!!!! The location, free breakfast, room size, and internet access made our stay a wonderful experience. My only complaint is only one of the elevators was working which lead to a sometimes long wait and my room was on the 9th floor. I would stay again with no hesitation.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great hotel	Front Desk agent Donna was so niceGreat hotel and excellent value	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Location and the concierge made it easy to plan our day!	We came for a week of shows, shopping and sight seeing. We had a problem when we first arrived regarding our room, but the staff at the front desk resolved it quickly and very much to our satisfaction. We were happy with our room, and the shower was great. The continental breakfast was a great start to every day. The location of the Hotel at Times Square was perfect for all of our outings. The concierge was able to assist us with directions and best means of transportation, making it easy for us to plan our day. We would definitely go back.	
Jul 15 2009 	Charming and Clean Hotel in Heart of NYC	We stayed in this hotel 7/4-7/7 and enjoyed it very much. The room although smaller was perfect for the two of us. Everything was modern and new and looked really nice. We arrived at LGA at 11:30am and the hotel was all set with a room for us for 12 noon, no wait whatsoever! The only issue was one elevator was broken so only using one had really long waits. Sometimes you would hit the buttom on the 9th floor and it would skip you twice! You just had to be patient, and sometimes just give up and take the stairs. The bed was extremly comfortable and the flat tv a very nice touch. The free wireless internet was great too! This property is close to everything, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, 5th Ave all minutes away! The rate was great too at only $125/night for 2 ppl, you can't be it! The breakfast was decent, we only ate it once. The line was kind of long at 9:30am but that was fine. All in all a great stay!	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Hotel	We have stayed at this hotel many times. We are going again in two weeks--this time with our son and his family. Our granddaughter has to go to the hospital for a few days in the city. We are looking forward to our stay at this location when we check out of the hospital. This hotel has always been nice, great helpful staff, and we are looking forward to seeing the renovations. Always a pleasure to stay here.	
Jul 6 2009 	Excellent accomodations and great price	It may seem odd to write &quot;great price&quot; for a NYC hotel, but that description is accurate for The Hotel at Times Square. The location is about 2 blocks off Times Square and the price was great. It was over $100 less than the Holiday Inn Express and the rooms were much bigger. The morning breakfast was very good; nothing fancy but serviceable. The hotel has been remodeled recently so the rooms all look very modern. Parking was only $23/day, which is very good for downtown. Great hotel!	
Jul 6 2009 	Comfort Location Staff and Value - TOP NOTCH!!	My family recently stayed in this hotel - daughter and family in one room, husband and myself in another. We totally enjoyed everything about our stay! The continental breakfast (FREE!) was a great way to start our day, and provided a wide variety of foods for all. Hotel beds were extremely comfortable, staff very friendly and helpful, and location for all &quot;tourist&quot; attractions couldn't have been better. We felt very safe coming and going at all times. The hotel's cleanliness was evident, as the janitorial staff could be seen working throughout the day. Although not your fancy NY hotel, the value was fantastic, and served our purpose well. I would definitely recommend this hotel, and I intend to book again this fall, when I return for a &quot;girls only&quot; trip! Thanks for a great stay!	
Jun 30 2009 	exceptional staff and total amenities	I choose the hotel for it's location only, but was very surprised at how great the staff treated us. The amenities were also fantastic. I encountered a small problem with the parking facility and when I notified Sonny, the manager, my credit card was credited the overage immediately.	
Jun 26 2009	Great hotel staff	Thanks to the staff at this hotel who really went the extra mile to return a lost wallet to us. This kind of honesty and responsibility is indeed a wonderful thing in a hotel staff.	
Jun 24 2009 	A good place to stay	8th to 13th June 2009.THE Reception Staff were Polite &amp; Effecient. The Maid Service was also very good with plenty of Towel Changes etc.THE COMPLIMENTARY Breakfast was Good &amp; Plenty of room to sit when we ate AT 07.0. tTHE HOTEL looked CLEAN THROUGHOUT, the JANITOR always busy.I used the FREE INTERNET SERVICE on the AVAILABLE 2 PC'S,also made FREE TELEPHONE CALLS to USA numbers.Most nights we had a drink in the BAR &amp; were SERVED BY FRIENDLY STAFF.THE HOTEL is in a SUBURB POSITION for TIMES SQUARE and the ADJACENT tourist spots. also plenty of EATING PLACES NEARBY..I Reccommend the 5.5 hour BUS TOUR with GUIDE who gets off the Bus with you at each LOCATION.I Would use HOTEL again, because of its location price and overall service.	
Jun 23 2009 	excellent hotel in great location	basically really loved this hotel. i grew up in NY but was not able to stay with family like we usually do and we were travelling with friends and teenagers. so, with tickets in hand to a broadway show and only a couple of days to explore the city, i wanted a place close to the heart of the city and close to transportation. we lucked out with this smallish hotel with a classic architecture on a street between fifth and sixth avenues - there are subways within a couple of blocks in 2 directions, the street is fairly quiet and the rooms are roomy, believe it or not (plus they are quiet and you can regulate the temperature well). Ask for a room on the east side - til they build the new building next door, you'll have large windows with a nice view (the west side rooms seem to have narrow windows facing a narrow alley). the bathrooms are small but very nicely outfitted and the variety of good breakfast offerings kept us satisfied all morning to give us more time to search for a great lunch (!). there's an easy to use safe in each room and altho the elevators are slow, we didn't mind. also, there is parking available for about $30/24hrs and the rooms are nicely decorated and thoughtful things like an iHome are there for your iPod to play music. i don't usually write reviews, but i thought i should pass on the news that you can stay close to the center of the city for a very good price (on the applecore web site we paid $175 for Sat nt and $145 for Sunday - plus tax) and be comfortable and happy.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great value great location lots of info. in review.	Overall, for the money, this was a great value in Manhattan. We booked it directly though applecore.com and checked back frequently and got a lower rate by rebooking. We paid $130 a night. They had the best rate available from various websites. And it included a free continental breakfast and free wireless internet and computers/printer in the lobby.I will start with my problem issues:1. Biggest complaint - elevator service. They have 2 elevators, but at almost every time we used them, one was out of service for some unknown reason. It varied and wasn't always the same one, so it clearly wasn't an &quot;out of order&quot; issue. Frequently had long waits for the elevator.2. Bathroom window didn't lock, and it was accessible from the fire escape. 3. Breakfast lines were long and seating not available when we went each day.4. Maid service questionable. They did not restock our coffee or cups on any day. We had to repeatedly call each day for coffee packets.5. Trouble making calls to front desks - phones not working or busy, not sure.6. We found a pair of flip flops in our room one day, presumably left by room service. We actually didn't figure this out until we were leaving, as I and my niece both thought they belonged to the other person. Didn't have time to complain at checkout, but it is bothersome in retrospect to have someone in our room and leaving things. Looked like a man's flip flops.7. 2 computers in lobby always in use, though didn't have to wait long to use.8. Beds were double beds, not queen beds, as I thought the website said.Now, the good things.1. Great value for price.2. Great tourist location - a couple blocks from Times Square and the Theatre district. Close to Rockefeller Center. Close to 5th Avenue shopping. Can walk to Empire State Bldg (about 1 mile) and south side of Central Park (about 1 mile). 3. Nice room decor, large rooms, clean. Recently remodeled.4. Free wireless internet. 2 computers and printers in the lobby for printing out online tickets, etc. They could use more computers, as they were always in use though people seemed to get off quickly if you stood there and waited.5. Breakfast had good variety for continental breakfast - O.J., apple juice, milk, several cold cereals, oatmeal packets, variety of doughnuts, variety of bagles, toasters (with line), yogurt, bananas, and apples. We went between 9:30 and 10 each day (it closes at 10), and they hadn't run out of anything. Not enough seating at breakfast.6. Nice lobby.Highly recommend with caveats - the hotel could fix a few problems easily and make the experience better. I	
Jun 21 2009 	Look no Further! Best Value in Manhatten!	If you are looking for a clean, comfortable Hotel in Manhatten within walking distance of TKTS in Times Square, Broadway Theatres, good restaurants, a subway around the corner, look no further! The Manager, Sonny G., upgraded us from a double bedded to a queen bedded room, and when I told him I had medication that needed to be kept cold, he provided an in-room fridge at no charge. Our beds were supremely comfortable, bathroom was modern, my companions loved the breakfast (included), while I walked several blocks to Eight Avenue for fresh vegetable juice to maintain my glutenless diet,. There is a Kosher deli across the street, along with many other restaurants within walking distance, including the Edison Cafe, a few blocks away. The NY Public Library, Maceys, Lord and Taylor, Saks, Daffys, and lots of shopping possibilities are easily accessible by foot. Return trips to NYC will see us back at this Hotel! Thanks to the courteous, professional staff, especially Sonny G, from your Canadian fans!	
Jun 19 2009 	Great location!!!	this hotel was put in a great location, only 2 short blocks to broadway &amp; 5th. the beds were so comfortable &amp; shower had great pressure! the rooms were very small, but w/only 1 suitcase, everything fit very well, thankfully there was a closet too..we had FREE WIFI, tv was a nice flatscreen, but not many channels &amp; not HD...we had 2 windows that opened up, (there was a sticker saying DO NOT OPEN, but i couldnt resist) alot of rooftops to look over, but w/a building torn down besides the hotel, we could see 46th st . i really liked it alot &amp; would consider staying there again if thats the area i want to be in!!!	
Jun 18 2009 	Great hotel and the price is just a bonus.	Stayed here in 2005 and the remodel has vastly improved the property. Very sleek modern rooms with amenities like flat screen tv, wifi, coffee maker and free breakfast make this the best value in NYC. Friendly efficient staff add to the experience. Will definitely stay again	
Jun 13 2009 	great location!	The hotel at times square was in the perfect location. Its not dead center of times square but just a short couple of blocks. The guy at the front desk was always very nice. They were renovating when we were there which is the only reason I rated the cleanliness lower then the others. Im sure it will look great when its all done!If you plan on taking the subway (which is very very convenient and buy the day pass) make sure you get a map which was provided to us by a girl at a desk in the loby.I went with a group of 4 girls and we all packed at least 3 bags and the room was a bit snug so be prepared.	
Jun 12 2009	Clean Convenient Affordable	newly remodeled, great continental breakfast, minutes from Times Square. I would definitely recommend this hotel and I would stay there again. Paid under $200/night - great deal for the location	
Jun 11 2009 	Great little hotel	this was a great little hotel for my two night stay. Great location, comfortable bed, quiet, sleek modern furniture. Ella at the desk was helpful. The amenities are great and unexpected at this price - free breakfast, free internet, coffeemaker in the room, flat screen television. At first, I was disappointed that the hotel was not right on Times Square, but it's just a short two block walk and you're close to Rockefeller Center, Fifth Avenue, Grand Central. It's actually better. Nice Brazillian and spanish restaurants on the block. Don't miss the great juice cart and Indian food cart across the street. No complaints about this great little hotel.	
Jun 7 2009 	Incredible Find!	We typically stay in name brand hotels, but took a chance and stayed at this hotel due to the great price and good reviews I read about on this site. I was not disappointed! This hotel is a true gem. The location is absolutely great! We were able to walk to Times Square, theaters, 5th Ave. shopping, subway stations and Rockefeller Center in a matter of minutes. The hotel is on a rather quiet, by New York standards, side street. The street is lined with interesting Brazilian restaurants. It is also in the heart of the Diamond District. Our room was ready when we arrived. The lobby is beautifully decorated and the entire hotel was very clean and comfortable. Our room on the tenth floor was large and featured a flat screen TV and other amenities. The front desk staff was very friendly. The breakfast each morning was basic bagels, toast, fruit, doughnuts, cereal, coffee and juice, but was always fresh and plentiful. The staff, who manned this area, made sure that everything was well stocked. The free breakfast alone saved us lots of money. Each night, after touring, we walked down to 8th, 9th and 10th Avenues, to eat at great little ethnic restaurants that gave us a local feel. They were much cheaper than the Times Square tourist traps and delicious. The Magnolia Bakery is only two blocks away from this hotel and we frequented it daily! The area was very safe and I would stay again at this hotel. I was very happy with everything about it.	
Jun 6 2009 	Everything we expected no disappointments. Brilliant!!!!	On arrival to the hotel the Shuttle Bus tried to leave us at 44th st, 5th Ave, so i'm glad I did my homework and known where the hotel actually was. When we arrived the Reception Staff was very welcoming, and were happy to let us have our room early. Our room was just what we expected, no disappointments, everything we needed e.g safe, hairdryer, free wifi for our laptop was available! The room was very clean, and it was cleaned to a high standard everyday and with fresh towels left. We met our housekeeper a couple of times, and she was very friendly and helpful. The Breakfast was lovely, and the paper plates etc wasn't a problem, to be honest most restaurants used throw away plates etc. However, the Gentleman who worked in the breakfast room, who kept items filled and clear up, firstly he did do his job well, but he never seemed to smile, we tried everything to get a reaction from him, but with no joy. All in all though I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and I would stay here again!	
Jun 5 2009 	Excellent hotel in great location!	This was the best hotel I have stayed at in New York. It is also a great value. It was clean. The staff was friendly and helpful. And the hotel was in a fantastic location! Patrica, our maid on the 8th floor, was incredible! So friendly and helpful. Also, everyone at the front desk and at the concierge desk was extremely conscientious and knowledgeable. We will certainly stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 1 2009 	great location and rate	Great location, staff was professional. Got in too early to get into room but staff stored our bags for us so we could start sightseeing. Easy walk to Broadway for shows	
Jun 1 2009	Clean spacious economical (for NYC) value.	We rented 2 rooms for 4 adults for 5 nights. We chose this hotel for the location &amp; the $ &amp; it did not disappoint. Close to Grand Central, Times Sq, Rockefeller &amp; subway. The rooms were spacious &amp; very clean with good beds. The bathrooms were nice &amp; the shower was great. Overall, the hotel personnel were helpful if not particularly friendly (seemed to be a NY attitude rather than anything else). The hotel needs to upgrade the sheets &amp; the concierge needs to be better trained. And both of our room doors squealed terribly - invest in some WD40! If you want a dark room, stay away from the 3rd floor front. Skip the continental breakfast &amp; go to the Dunhill on 45th &amp; 6th or the deli on 6th around the corner for a geat price. Overall, we found it to be a good deal for the price we paid. We'll definately stay here again.	
May 29 2009 	Can't be beat!	I just returned from a 1-night stay with my sister and her 5 year old son. Nothing but good things to say about this place! Excellent location, spotless room, friendly staff and an amazing rate. The included breakfast was a nice extra, since I was traveling with a child. The breakfast dining room was large, bright and very clean, with a pretty good assortment to choose from. Our guestroom (2 double beds) was immaculate; our bathroom was stocked with plenty of extra towels and decent toiletries. We even received a little gift bag upon check in, which included additional toiletries...nice little extra. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
May 26 2009 	Liked it very much!!	The hotel is great for what you need to get around New York City! The location is awesome, 2 blocks off of Broadway going towards 5th Avenue..the hotel staff upon checking in and out were friendly, welcoming &amp; informative! The Central Parking across the street a few feet away from the hotel is excellent &amp; if you validate your parking ticket with the hotel, you get a discount! The rooms are small but the beds are WONDERFUL! The only 2 negative things I experienced but did not report to the front desk were, 1) the tv reception is HORRIBLE, you must do something about it, I know when you come to the city you shouldn't be in the room watching tv, BUT when you do return from walking all day and are relaxing ,a little tv wouldn't hurt, only there is no tv..nice flat screen tv, now only if you could make out whats on, and I was on the 11th floor near the door that seperates the staircase from the rooms, OMG! get some oil for the doors! Everytime someone came thru that door we heard , ccrreeaakkkkkkk....again, I know I didnt report it to the staff but hopefully you can fix these 2 small details for the next person, All in all, it was a wonderful hotel and I am spreading the word to friends an family! I will return again!	
May 26 2009 	Not worth the money I saved	I planned a weekend trip to New York. I selected this hotel for its vicinity to Times Square, its affordable rate and positive reviews. Unfortunately, that is all this hotel offers. 1. My sink and toilet were not working. 2. The overall impression of the hotel is that it is not frequently cleaned or maintained.3. The bed sheets were stained.4. The batroom had ants and stains.5. Breakfast room is icky.6. Vending machines are empty.7. Lobby bathroom is dirty. Like subway dirty.8. One member of the check-in staff was rude. The woman checking me in was rude - abnormally rude for New York. She huffed and puffed when she realized there was a problem with my reservation and had to call the reservation department. Seriously, she said in a deep sigh, &quot;Now I have to call reservations,&quot; and did so reluctantly. She couldn't even solve the problem or, in my opinion, she was unwilling to solve the problem and had me deal with their reservation department and Expedia. I guess she didn't realize I was the one on vacation.	
May 22 2009 	Excellent value hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights in May. The rooms were spotless, the free wif-fi was a great bonus, plus there is free use of the hotels business centre pcs complete with printer!The staff were very helpful and the location of this hotel is very central to midtown and close to subways . The rooms whilst being on the small side were more than adequate afterall when you visit NYC as a tourist you dont really expect to be spending much time in your hotel excep to sleep! We went for the free breakfast one day but in all honesty we preferred to seek out low-cost delis and have a different breakfast every day! All in all we would highly recommend this hotel.	
May 21 2009 	All work AND play!	As a college recruiter I travel throughout NY state but mostly in the Five Borough Area. Whenever in NYC, I first try The Hotel at Times Square. I have stayed there many times in the past. The location is central to my schedule. There are numerous restaurants around the area and a parking lot kitty-corner across the street making this hotel very convenient. Often, my wife accompanies me on these trips. She plays while I work; shopping, theaters, museums are either within walking distance or just a bus ride away. After my work is done, we will take in a meal or go to some interesting tourist destination.The Hotel at Times Square staff is excellent. They are very friendly and efficient. they will seek to accommodate the guest as much as possible. there are both smoking and non-smoking rooms which are clean and comfortable. Recently, the Hotel was remodeled and is now very modern. We have traveled to Europe and find that the hotel has that European feel from the lobby to the decor in the rooms. In fact, many international tourists stay at this hotel.The continental breakfast is very good -- and free!	
May 14 2009 	For business or Broadway a good deal	Great value location for a mid-town business trip or a night at the theatre. Small, clean rooms with polite, if a bit cool staff.Close to Times Square, TKTS booth.Free breakfast is fine, if uninspired.Ask for a room on the lower floors facing south and you'll get no view, but you will get quiet.	
May 11 2009 	A great stay in a great city!	The Hotel at Times Square was just perfect! It was near everything - theaters, restaurants, shopping, transportation. The hotel was clean and nicely appointed. Everyone who worked at the hotel was extremely friendly. The price can't be beat. The free continental breakfast was also a plus. I enjoyed my stay very much and will return.	
May 9 2009 	Great location nice room would go back again.	Perfect location for seeing the best bits of NYC - the hotel is 5mins from Times Square and the Rockafeller Centre, 3mins to the nearest Starbucks and 2mins from the nice end of 5th Avenue!After reading all the whinging about small rooms for NYC hotels I was pleasantly surprised with a decent sized double room and compact, but perfectly adequate bathroom (no bath, just shower). Rooms were well equipped - coffee maker, big plasma screen, air con unit, safe etc etc.The only minor downfall is the breakfasts - buffet of bagels, toast, sugary cereals or doughnuts all served on plastic disposals plates / bowls - good effort on helping the environment there. Would have been nice if there were a few more healthy things to eat, but for a holiday it's fine.Don't be misled by the &quot;business centre&quot; - this is only 2 computers in the lobby with free internet &amp; printing, which is great, but more often than not you'll be waiting 30mins to get on them at all times of the day due to habitual facebook-checkers!	
May 5 2009 	Great clean place to stay	This hotel was very very clean and the rooms were very nice. The staff were very accomodating. The beds were very comfortable. I would stay there again in a heartbeat. The rates were very very good. The breakfast they proivided was great. I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 4 2009 	Decent Rooms; Great Staff	The hotel had no rooms when I arrived, and moved me to another hotel.I returned the next day - the staff were helpful, and friendly.The room was clean, tidy, and decent.	
Apr 29 2009	I would definitely stay here again.	I arranged for a group of 20 people to travel to the city from West Virginia during our spring break. We arrived late but were checked in quickly. We found our rooms freshly remodeled and very clean. I slept in my comfortable bed with very clean sheets and blankets. Everyone in the group enjoyed the breakfast and liked that they could eat and get started early. The staff is very nice, Shelly with group reservations was especially helpful to me. Several people in the group stated they would stay here again. I only wish it had been a little closer to the theatres but I didn't mind the walk, even at night. We used our internet daily and that was a big plus. I would recommend this hotel to others.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great location 	This was our second stay at the Hotel at Times Square. Our first stay was in 2004 when it was Super 8. We had a good stay then and a good stay this time. Not much has changed other than the name and a remodel. Hotel staff could be a little bit more friendly. We did see a GIANT cockroach in the lobby during our stay but only 1 and only once. We stayed on the 5th floor and had a squeeky hallway door near our room. We always had hot water even in the mornings. The maid staff were friendly but very slow on making up our room each day. The value with this hotel is the location as it is near many subway stops, proximity to Times Square and the inclusion of a FREE breakfast each morning. When you are trying to keep costs down the free breakfasts help you acheive that. The gym is very small but has two treadmills and a flat screen TV. No weights. The business center in the lobby with free internet is a huge bonus! I was able to keep in touch with home and check for directions. The only small problem is that there are only 2 computers and many of the other guests in the hotel seem to forget to keep their sessions short. I do recommend this hotel and would stay there again. Like others on this site have said: don't come looking for a 5 star hotel. Come looking for a nice hotel and a great value with a private bathroom.	
Apr 25 2009 	Fantasic Brillient Hotel in a Great Postion.	Here i am on my last night in this great city of New York writing this review from my room at The Hotel at Times Square using the hotels FREE internet conection. First this hotel is in a great position just one block from Times Square and one block from the Rockerfella Centre and surrounded by restaurants, bars and irish pubs. There is plenty going on around here day and night and all the theatres within a short walk away.The rooms are on the small side but very clean and there is a work desk, 32&quot; flat screen tv with games consul and we have one king bed which is comfy and soft. Coffee and tea machine, Iron and Ironing board, Nice bathroom with nice powerfull shower with plenty of hot water. The staff at the front desk are friendly and helpfull and sent us two extra pillows within minutes of asking for them. The breakfast is ample with plenty of juice, cerial, toast, fruit and tea and coffee e.t.c. to start the day with. There is allso a small Bar which serves a pint of draught beer for just $3.00We are off down to Atlantic City tomorrow on the Gray Hound bus so look out for my review on the Bally's Atlantic City. Some i have read on Trip Advisor are not very good atall.	
Apr 21 2009 	A great deal for the money - would definitely use again	This hotel has recently been refurbished and offers good facilities for a small (by NY standards) hotel. The rooms were a reasonable size, well equipped and serviced efficiently each day. The staff were all helpful, and the location (between Times Sq and 5th Avenue) was ideal. Whilst only a few minues walk from Times Square the location was quiet, and city noise was no problem. The (inclusive) continental breakfast was a bonus. I would definitely use this hotel again if staying in central New York.	
Apr 21 2009 	Pleasant stay	Stayed at The Hotel at Times Square for three nights and found rooms to be very clean, ample room, pleasant desk and concierge staff and housekeeping staff. Will definitely stay there in the future.	
Apr 19 2009 	Times Square's best kept secret!	We stayed here over Easter weekend/Passover and despite arriving in NYC at a very busy time, we couldn't find any fault with the service at this hotel. Location is great - 5 mins from Times sq, Rockefeller, St Patricks Cathedral and Radio City. Plenty of restaurants nearby, a Duane Reade drugstore just around the corner and Delis open late just along the street.Don't go expecting 5* luxury, but the rooms were clean, newly updated, bathrooms nice.Big plasma tvs in the rooms and an ipod dock too. Plenty of fresh towels everyday.The breakfast was a real bonus: tea, coffee, fruit juices, cereal, yoghurt, bagels, doughnuts and toast. Got a bit boring by the 5th day but who's complaining! Free wifi access in the rooms and 2 computers in the lobby with free internet access.The staff were very friendly and helpful and acted promptly if you had any problems.All in all we thought this hotel was excellent value and a fantastic location. We won't hesitate to return there nest time we're in NYC!	
Apr 19 2009 	Fantastic value-for-money hotel for hectic family trip to New York	The Hotel at Times Square describes itself as a newly renovated boutique hotel. I would say it's a superb value for money budget hotel with some great extras included in the package.We spent a week in The Hotel and loved enough to take time to write this review! At 59 W 46th St, The Hotel is actually closer to Rockefeller Centre - a plus for us, since it was quieter and less busy. I've been to New York many times on business, and usually stay on Central Park South - but our family budget for this trip was very different.The Hotel fitted the bill exactly. Before making our reservation, I looked at all the hotels I knew in New York - the &quot;hidden gems&quot; recommended by friends who live there, serviced apartments, and B &amp; Bs in Greenwich and Tribeca etc. When I cross-checked with TA ratings, I just couldn't find anything that was cheap enough for the four of us which didn't compromise on location or quality. The Hotel is in a perfect location from which to explore on foot, by bus or by subway; it's surprisingly quiet at night (I had requested a quiet room and the hotel kindly obliged); there are plenty of good family restaus close by (eg. John's Pizzeria 260 W 44th St, Lattanzi on W46 th St) when the kids are close to dropping and you simply need to eat something good in a convivial atmosphere; it offers free wi-fi; there's ample hot water at night and in the morning, and a good supply of towels; comfortable King-sized beds; and it's newly refurbished, clean and well-kept throughout. Our bedroom was spacious enough to have a small desk and a couple of chairs, however public areas are small. There's a contemporary-style foyer which can be a little crowded in the morning but as the hotel only has 140+ rooms, it doesn't bustle like the Hilton on Ave of the Americas. For Central Manhattan at $ 150-160 a night for four of us and a free upgrade to a junior suite - it couldn't have been better! I think The Hotel is a great find.We were delighted and I would definitely recommend it to all friends who are looking for a good base for a sightseeing/shopping trip to New York. In these austerity times, the location, comparatively spacious rooms, a basic gym and free wi-fi makes it a possible choice even for business trips. It might not have the presence or charm of The Library, W or the Essex House but as an honest quality budget hotel, it's hard to beat.The breakfast bar in the basement is utilitarian rather than appetising or full of choice - but there are good typical American diners only a block away. The Red Flame on 67 W 44th St is one where you'll find a full pancake and syrup stack, eggs and grits. The Hotel has a Tapas Bar on the 2nd Floor (we didn't visit) and no restaurant as such - but when New York is full of superb choice - why worry? If you have small or young children flagging with jet lag, you can even order in (and actually the Jewish deli across the way does great pastrami!) A small grouse - it would be nice if the hotel staff on reception were a little more welcoming and learned to smile! - but I can live without that.The hotel's own website lists its facilities as follows:Complimentary continental breakfast (7-10 a.m.)Free Wireless Internet access24 Hour Business center24 Hour Fitness center incl. the &quot;PowervibePro™ Workout Bench&quot; (didn't have time to try, but there are pictures on the hotel's on website)No charge for calls within the U.SUpstairs Tapas Bar located on the 2nd floorConcierge Service availableReduced rate parkingChildren under 13 stay free when sharing room with adult(s)Flat screen cable TV with Movies on Demand &amp; Nintendo™ video gamesAlarm Clock Radio (MP3 compatible) and iHome:™ audio system for the iPod™In-room personal safeLaundry/Valet servicesIn-room irons and ironing boardAir conditioning or heatingSingle or double roomsComplimentary newspaper weekdays (USA Today)In-room coffee makers with coffee &amp; teaInfant Cribs (available at front desk upon request)Private bathroom with Hair DryerOur top &quot;Things to See&quot; (Parents plus two boys aged 13 and 11)Central Park (&amp; the Carousel!)Natural History MuseumThe Metropolitan MuseumThe Whitney The Frick (for the Vermeer &amp; Holbein)The Intrepid Museum (fantastic aircraft carrier turned museum- well worth a visit)Nintendo World (Rockefeller Centre)Sony Lab (free tickets in the morning - go early)Ellis Island ferry - for EI museum and Statue of LibertyEmpire State Building - the City Pass cuts down a 2 hour wait outside before the 1 hour wait for the lifts!)View from the RockRock and Roll Museum on Spring Street after a pizza at LombardisGround Zero - not everything is a Spiderman gameCentury 21 for discounted trainers (huge discount department store - close to GZ)Chrysler BuildingSerendipity for the largest ice creams ever seenI'd also recommend a City Pass (you can buy on line) to dispense with queues - though if you're travelling on a budget, be aware that some museums do not charge for children and some ask only for a contribution - so you have to make sure that you will see enough sights to make the pass worthwhile. And just walk and walk and walk.....!!!	
Apr 17 2009	quite a deal and good location	My father and I stayed April 13-15, 2009 and had a great stay. I was a bit nervous booking on the internet. There were old and new pictures posted, but everything has been renovated. The room was clean, spacious for a large city and the location was great. We had a two queen room and it was exactly like the pictures on the hotel site. We were only two blocks from Times Square and only a few blocks from many other NYC sights. The staff was nice. The wireless internet was a bit slow, but free so no complaints. The lobby hotel internet seemed to have a lot of problems, but I had enough luck printing our boarding passes for our flight back. We thought there was a Tapas restaurant on the second floor, but it turns out it's just a little bar (we didn't try it). The breakfast was great. We felt clean, safe, and like we got a deal. I would definitely recommend it.	
Apr 17 2009 	Average	It has comfort of being in main area of the manhatten city and close to times square.It's small but neat room, free internet wireless facility with morning breakfast &amp; gym.Little congested.but still good option for one who want to stay in the heart of the city and travelling for business or leisure.Location is just perfect.Jet Previlage Membership No. [--]	
Apr 11 2009 	Clean spartan quirky	Stayed April 8-10 in a &quot;family suite&quot; of two rooms with two beds and two TVs, no refrigerator. Very clean, quiet and comfortable. Others have noted the etched glass on the bathroom door. We solved that by taping some newspaper over it. The renovations others complained of seem to be done, at least in lobby and lower floors. Although clean and with new furnishings and carpet in rooms and lobby, it's an old building with oddities such as hallway doors separating adjoining elevators, some uneven stairsteps, and an unexplainable floodlight that goes on and off erratically in the airshaft (which was our only view). The bar on the second floor is little more than two small connecting hotel rooms. There are two free computers in the lobby but seemed to be a lot of competition for them. The free breakfast until 10 a.m. was well-stocked and convenient. The location is terrific, and the value is great (we paid $177 each night). Be sure to check out on time, though. We got a call at 12:25 p.m. warning us that we'd be charged another $25 if we didn't come down and check out immediately. Via Italiana and Ipanema on the same block were very good, modestly priced restaurants.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great hotel at a very reasonable price	The Hotel at Times Square was in a great location (2 blocks from the heart of Times Square) yet was not as noisy as some of the Times Square hotels can be. The continental breakfast was ample and the hotel rate was very reasonable for a hotel in that part of town.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great value 	Paying for a US hotel in NZ dollars is scary! We wanted a good hotel in a handy location - without paying through the nose - and spent ages looking for one before settling on The Hotel at Times Square.We could not have asked for a better location - it was handy to the subway which provided easy access to all the attractions we wanted to visit that were not within walking distance. While the room was small, it had been recently redecorated and was nicely appointed.The best thing about the hotel is that breakfast is included in the rate. I calculated this saved us something like NZ$250 over the course of a week. It is not a flash meal, but the bagels were good and set us up for the day.There are two computer terminals in reception with free internet access for guests.The only things I would comment less positively about are: 1 the lifts are old fashioned and you have to wait ages.2 the breakfast room was unbearably hot at times.3 in our room the door to the bathroom was glass - although it was frosted, it might be be too much information for some people!There is no fridge in the room, so if you want tea or coffee, you are really limited to black coffee.I scoured all the travel &amp; accommodation booking sites, and got the best deal through easytobook.com - it was considerably cheaper than booking with the hotel directly.All in all, a great deal and we were thrilled with our visit to the Big Apple.	
Apr 4 2009	Excellent stay for the money!	Visited March 23 - March 28th. The price was right! The room with two double beds was large, quiet, well maintained and clean. No view, but wasn't in the room long enough to miss a view. The computers were up and running the day I needed to print boarding passes. The free wireless connection for our laptop was wonderful to have in our rooms to help plan our excursions. We leisurely made it down to breakfast, a little later each morning, but always found plenty of fresh pastries and fruit, coffee, cereal and yogurt and a table. I was impressed with how clean the breakfast room was no matter how late we arrived. Never waited for elevators because the stairs were next to the elevators, open and well lighted (in other words safe and not hidden away) and easy to take as well as a good way to work off extra calories. I was happy that the hotel was not in the middle of Times Squares (even though Times Square is in the name of the hotel). I felt very safe and comfortable in our location for this mother /daughter trip. Only needed to take subway for our Central Park stroll, Ellis Island visit, Century 21 shopping trip, and Greenwich Village stroll. It was so convenient to walk everywhere else. It was hard to believe this is a budget hotel. If pressed for concerns: There was one large high school group who were a bit loud the few times we ran into them (where were the chaperons?). I hope this lovely budget hotel does not become a haven for touring high school groups! Can't say that the concierge services were what I considered true concierge services, but didn't really care because we had a laptop in our room and with free wireless connections had trip advisor, hopstop.com, restaurant reviews etc. Everything we needed and no waiting. Overall the hotel was far better than what I expected for a budget hotel in NYC. I am sure the economy and time of year of our visit had a lot to do with the rates, but I did a lot of comparison shopping in preparation for this trip. Based on location, free wireless, free breakfast, room size, double beds and cleanliness, I know we got a great bargain. It really made it appear that our very budget conscious mother/daughter trip wasn't so budget conscious. Much gratitude for all of the advice and suggestions I found on Trip Advisor.	
Apr 1 2009 	was a bit dusty but great	yes there was work going on in the lobby but in our rooms or in the cute tiny bar you couldnt hear a thing, we had 2 rooms booked no problem with either, bathrooms we had had a warpped design in the glass so you could not see straight through, location was brilliant, some nice little delis and bars up the road near the comfort inn and left of the hotel you are a minute to 5 ave, i always stay in 4 or 5 star hotels but as there was so many i had to go for somewhere cheaper, glad i did i really like this hotel and will def be back	
Mar 25 2009	Pleasant	Problems with the heating that never were resolved. Flood lights directed right into our room, kept the room very bright all night. Still not quite sure if I understand why the hotel would put see-through glass on the bathroom doors, kind of creepy. Was told a week before we stayed that the renovations would be done in about a week. When we got there, we were told the renovations would be done in about a week. Must be the standard response. The staff did seem very friendly. The breakfast was very nice and fresh. Rooms were very clean except the dirty windows. Nice location.	
Mar 25 2009 	Very good: location cleannes comfortable!	This hotel exceeded our expectations. We paid an excelent price, around 140 dollars per night.The location is excellent, near Times Square, Rockfeller Center and close to almost every subway line you can think of. The room is very nice, quite comfortable, everything new and very clean. The breakfast has doughnuts, bagels, juice, coffe, etc. It's very crowded and since there are so many places to eat nearby we often end up eating out. Service was good. The hotel was going through some renovations and sometimes there was only one elevator functioning which was a little bit disturbing, but it seems that these renovations will be very good for the hotel.I recommend it to anyone looking for a good budget hotel in a excelent location.	
Mar 18 2009 	Good hotel - will be better after renovations are done!	I stayed here with my husband from March 11 - 17, 2009. The rooms are newly renovated (flat screen TV, wifi, cordless phones, clean) and fairly spacious for NYC, I think. I was disappointed that the advertised business center was not available due to renovations in the main lobby, but this should be fixed within a week or so, I would guess. I was able to go one block west to a sister hotel and use their business center, but that was not especially convenient.The breakfast was nice, nothing fancy or special but a free breakfast to get the day started is always great in my opinion. The location was good, although really not &quot;at times square&quot;... a few blocks away. Walking distance to central park, 5th ave, rockefellar center, times square. I think for my next trip, for variety, I would stay in another area (maybe Greenwich Village or Tribeca - a more 'neighbourhoody' area) but for my first trip to NYC I thought this hotel was just fine, and I got it for $109/night, which I think is a steal! The renos in the lobby were nearing completion when I left on March 17 (through the St Patrick's day parade, literally outside the front door... crazy!) and I think it will look very nice when finished. A great find if you want to stay in Midtown. Not as close to the subway as some other options, but as long as the weather is nice, the walk is a nice one.	
Mar 11 2009 	Centrally located friendly staff good breakfast.	Beds were very comfortable, very clean room with good quality sundries, walking distance to Times Square, restaurants, and subway.	
Mar 7 2009 	Clean clean great service and value!	This hotel is run by Applecore hotels. We stayed at the Comfort Inn Times Square last time. This hotel is spotless, great value, location etc etc. The breakfast is a bonus. Staff are fantastic. In reality it's closer to Rockefeller Center then it is to Times Square but it's definatly walkable distance to both as well as almost any midtown venue.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great location great value clean comfortable	Trinidad, Feb 24th to 26th Check in/Check out was quick and easy, no problems with our reservation. The room looked fresh, not run down, bathroom was very clean. Location was superb, just a short walk away from Times Square, Broadway and all the other hot spots. It was so easy to pop back in for a rest after walking and shopping all day and before going out for a show. We actually dropped packages off a few times during the day rather than walking around with them. Heating was great, was actually a bit warm sometimes but much welcomed after being out in the cold, and there was always a good supply of hot water for showers. What was commendable was that when we got to the room the sink was not draining properly, we did not report it that day as we were eager to get out on the town, however, it seems that when the maids came to clean the following day, they got it fixed without us asking. That was nice. The ongoing renovations were a bit inconvenient as they often closed off one of the lifts, but we never had to wait too long for the one that was working. Breakfast was decent, loved the coffee maker in the room as I must have a cup as soon as I wake up. Overall I would definitely stay here again, as it provided a safe, clean, convenient and comfortable place to sleep after a day/night in the city.	
Mar 4 2009 	Forgetting the basics	The rooms are a decent size and comfortable enough. Good value for the location.But the website forgets to mention that the whole ground floor (1st floor to some readers!) is under renovation and it is a noisy building site.Reception is neither friendly or welcoming. Maybe they are fed up with the noise and dust.The single elevator is dirty; probably from the building.To get to breakfast you have to walk through the buidling site and the workers. I think a single female guest would be a little concerned; not unsafe just the subject of unnecessary attention.I think the failure to mention the renovations reflects the attitude towards the hotel's guests. Complacent.. I will stay somewhere else next time.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great value and fantastic location	If you are looking for a good value hotel in a great location then this is the one. The room was very comfortable and clean. The complimentary breakfast was excellent - bagels, cereal, juice, fruit, tea and coffee and plenty of it. The desk staff were polite and helpful at all times. We had a problem with the heating and it was fixed almost immediately. We asked for more pillows and they were brought up promptly. The location is superb - close to everything. The windows are rather dirty but that is the only thing I could find to fault this hotel. I intend to return again next year.	
Feb 24 2009 	a wonderful place to stay .	we stayed here from 18th Feb, checked out 22nd Feb , would highly reccomend it , even though renovations were in progress they did not disturb us, another aspect for me was the way you had a choice of a smoking room, very central to all , pleasant staff and a more than ample breakfast .	
Feb 23 2009 	Great Location Great Price Clean Rooms Great Value for Money	I stayed at the hotel from Feb 15-19, and checked out on Feb 20. Got a room (with one Queen size bed) on the 11th floor. Experience was generally pleasant. The location was great - near Times Square and many places to eat nearby. Room was comfortable and clean. However, the heater in the room worked on and off. Internet access was also very choppy, and went down very regularly. I was there for a business trip and therefore used the room for just basic accommodation, nothing more. Just one incident upon checkout that the management should work to address with the staff: I checked out at 8am plus and asked the front desk staff if she can help me call a taxi. She said that the concierge usually does it but the concierge staff had not arrived yet. Therefore, I had to flag the cab outside myself. Surely, the front desk staff there can dial for a cab using any phone line and not have to re-direct me to the absent concierge desk? I thought that this was very basic service, even for a budget hotel. Flagging a taxi is really no big deal for me but bear in mind that I am a foreigner who was hoping to get some help and it was also freezing cold outside. For the price range, I'd say it is very good value for money, but visitors must manage their expectations and should not expect 5 star comfort and service. I would have given a '4' rating if not for the checkout incident. Otherwise, it's worth the money.	
Feb 20 2009 	Fine accomodation	Stayed between the 11 and 18 of Feb. We had a room on 12 floor, and it was great. Clean, comfy, lots of hot water and clean towels every day. The room had an ipod player and a very large flat screen TV.Wireless didn't work over the weekend. Reported it but took untill mon/tue to be fixedThe lobby is undergoing renovations - at times it was very noisy and dusty which is something to keep in mind if you're planning on staying there in the next month. But not too much trouble as you are only passing through the lobby.Breakfast was fine the one occasion I had it - but I didn't come to the US to eat Continental breakfast ;-) On offer was bagels, toast, porridge/flakes, donuts, juice, fruit and yoghurt.Only let down was that I had arranged to have a parcel shipped to the hotel to save me international shipping charges. The front desk staff knew I was expecting it, yet by 1800H Weds when I left the hotel I was assured it hadn't arrived. Yet upon returning home I find out the parcel had been delivered at 1521H that day and it had been refused by the hotel.Not very good at all, now I'll have to pay an awfull lot in shipping and import tax beacuse of someones incompetance.	
Feb 13 2009 	Great Value in the best location!	This hotel was a lucky suprise. After splurging on 5 star hotels, we wanted a cheap hotel for our last stop - and boy was this place worth the money.The location alone was worth the price! 5-10mins walk to 5th ave, times sq, bryant park, and the subway station, rockefeller center, and the public library. It was awesome! There are some great Irish pubs within 2 blocks, and all the fast food you could need surrounding you, plus great shopping up the rd on 5th, and the TKTS theatre booth on the same street at times sq.The hotel itself is cozy, and the rooms are small, but thats to be expected with NYC hotel rooms. The lobby staff were very friendly, and there are 2 computers in the lobby with internet, but they were horrible to use. Very slow, and riddled with viruses.The room was clean, but the bathroom was average. Nothing grose, but passable. The toilet had flushing problems, but the staff came up and fixed that within 10 mins. The same maintenence guy was lovely enough to fix our damaged suitcase, going so far as to go downstairs and get the right tools and come back up to fix it.The compliemntary breakfast was ok. You cant really complain because its free, but there was no place to sit, so we just took the food back upstairs to our room. A tip would be to use the tray in your room and take that downstairs to load, because its tricky carrying everything up.The lifts were fine for such an old building, and you never had to wait long for them.The construction work was going on next door, but didnt bother me at all. I slept right through it.For the amount of money we paid for the room, it was well worth it. Id stay here again because of the location and staff.	
Feb 3 2009 	Great finding at a great location!	The main thing about this hotel is its location: close to the Times Square and the theaters, the 5th avenue and the Rockfeller Center. The rates were quite good (considering NY prices) for the rooms, which had good furniture and were well cleaned and kept. On the other hand, the room we stayed could be a little larger, but I believe it's too much to ask in NY.	
Feb 1 2009	Good hotel for the price	Stayed here for 5 nights in January 2009. Had a two double bedded room on 10th floor looking out sort of sideways onto a rather large hole in the ground building site next door.The room was clean and comfortable, although a bit on the small size, but I wasn't in New York to spend hours in my room.There was noise from the building site or maybe from the refurbishment at 11 pm one night. but mostly it was daytime and not too early in the morning.Breakfast is included in the rate and makes this hotel good value for money and includes - bread rolls, toast (make your own), bagels, iced donuts, jam, three types of cereal, butter, cream cheese, apples, bananas, orange juice, apple juice, tea, coffee and milk. The downside of all this lovely food is that the breakfast area is being refurbished and if you are lucky enough to get one of the few tables and chairs it is great - we managed this twice, otherwise you just take what you want and eat it sitting on the sofas at the other end of reception, which when we were there was a bit cold (outside temperatures were 15 degrees F or if you are a Brit then it was in the minuses) and the automatic doors keep opening and shutting.If you have your own computer or other wireless device, then you can use the free wireless internet anywhere in the hotel, including your room, otherwise there are two computers in the reception area with free internet access, although they weren't the most new or reliable, usually there was at least one of them working so you weren't cut off from the internet. The location is great, just over a block from the centre of Times Square. 46th Street comes out just by the TKS booth. I'd probably call it The Hotel near Times Square and not at.	
Jan 29 2009 	So perfect	We changed to The hotel at times square, after a horrible night at The Pod-hotel. I spent the whole night surfing for a good price and a good hotel. I decided to try this, and got really good rates from their own website. I reserved a King- room, for a little compensation of the horrible last night.We arrived at the hotel before check-in time, and a nice piccolo came and took our bags to the storage room. The lobby was simple but classy. The check-in went well, and we were directed to our room at the 4th floor. The room was really clean and tidy, the toilet had been sanitized and had a seal on it. The whole room had a really clean scent on it. Our bed was huge, and pretty soft. The room was equipped with a coffe maker, and all sorts of nice stuff. The street was silent, but on a great location, just a few blocks away from Times Square.I needed to print a car rent voucher, they didn't have a printer at the hotel, but I got directed to the comfort inn, just half a block away. There I got to print my paperwork. It was a bit cold in the room at first, but after contacting the reception, a maintaince guy came up and made his tricks on the warmer. After that, the temperature was great. So we really loved it, clean, silent and classy. No screaming youngsters in the corridor, or other distractions.There were two things we were a little bit confused about. The houskeeper, seemed to be a bit too enthusiastic about cleaning our room, she came into the room two times without knocking, and on the other time we had the &quot;do not disturb&quot;-sign hanging on our door. It was a bit annoying.The other thing concerned phone calls from the room. We are from Finland, and I tought I'll call the reception for prices. They told me, that the price would be around 70snt per minute. And I tought it much cheaper than with my cell, so I used the phone to call my family. After check-out I took a better look at the receipt, and noticed that we had been charged around 2usd per minute. I asked from the receptionist, but he had some bad excuse. I agreed on it, as we were in a hurry to the airport.Summasumarum, I would, and propably will stay here again in the summer. Great pleace!	
Jan 18 2009 	Great Location shame about the smoking room.	This hotel is very conveniently located for Times Square and Fifth Avenue. Lots of things right on the doorstep so cannot fault anything there. On arrival in our room it didn't take long to realise we were in a smoking corridor. We were so shattered we just went to bed but all the bed linen etc had a stale smokey smell. We should've have asked to move but weren't really planning to be in the hotel that much. The hotel staff were mostly friendly until we didn't have any hot water. The front desk first of all told us to leave it running for 5 minutes or so and after 10 mins I called back, only be told to leave it running for 15-20 mins! Not very convenient when there was so much shopping to be done!! This happened three times during our stay so did become a little tiresome and the staff were not very helpful. The breakfast was plentiful but as a previous reviewer said, not many places to eat it due to the current refurb. All in all, good value for money but would not stay here again.	
Jan 16 2009 	Staying here is so stress free	We stayed here about 3 years ago and it was a pleasant experience. So we went back last year and it was better. This year our stay was delightful again. Very clean, quiet room and comfortable beds. Hot, multi-head shower. Nice common areas, and perhaps most important, incredibly pleasant and helpful staff. The area is very safe and there's a lovely park right across the street. The complimentary breakfast includes fresh fruit, delicious coffee, juice, yogurt, bagels, and more. I wish we could visit NYC more often so we could stay here more often! We think this is the nicest hotel for an unbelievably reasonable cost.	
Jan 12 2009 	Clean and location	Very close to Times Square. very clean rooms and bathroom. the decor in the lobby is a bit outdated but dont let that fool you. the rooms are a good size and the location is perfect. the only problem is that the bfast room is being modernised so bfast had to be eaten mostly standing up as there were only a couple of tables and chairs available. Apart from the bfast seating, I have no complaints whatsoever. we paid $144.99 for two people each night for ny thats not bad. the most important thing is that the bedroom was immaculate.	
Jan 12 2009 	A + ...LocationClean comfortable and friendly	Celebrated our 40th anniversary with a very fun trip to NYC. The location was perfect for walking all Midtown..(check out charming Bryant Park and the NYC Library),and subway was right there for farther trips...including to and from LGA ! Our room was large and clean,bed very comfy and staff regularly asked us if everything was OK......a very generous continental BKFST started us every AM. We walked to Del Frisco's for a great steak dinner with an awesome view! It is obvious this hotel tries to please...Thank you for a great visit to this wonderful city!!!	
Jan 11 2009 	great rooms great price	A fellow friend and I stayed here booking a room with 2 double beds. The room was fantastic, kept very clean by housekeeping and the free breakfast was ample, the only downside to a fantastic stay was the front desk whom we likened to Fawlty Towers. It seemed that no one had a clue. We did however only find this amusing and added to the charm. Our rooms were thoroughly modern, very comfortable beds and yes as in other reviews the breakfast room is small but they are in the process of updating and they provide a great service and at no time did we see it as an inconvenience. Location was excellent and so handy to everything.	
Jan 7 2009 	Perfect Hotel for a Family on a Budget	We needed an affordable place close to Times Square to take our family of eight (almost all teenagers). This hotel was incredibly convenient, clean, newly remodeled, and they were very accomodating. We needed to pull in an extra rollaway bed and it was much nicer than we expected. The room we stayed in was large, and the beds very comfortable. We wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. With only a 5 minute walk you are in the heart of the city. Don't be scared by the outside..the inside is great.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great place to stay in NYC	We stayed at the Hotel at Times Square for a week from November 15 to the 22. My husband was travelling on business, and I accompanied him. The location was great, just a couple of blocks from Times Square, and within walking distance of everything I wanted to do in Midtown. I even walked to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in about 35-40 minutes (I am a fast walker). The room was completely acceptable, and although small, it was well laid out. We unpacked, put our suitcases in the closet, and the room was not cluttered at all for the entire week. When I made the reservation, I told the clerk we would be staying a week and he said he would note that and try to give us a bigger room, but I don't know if that was actually the case. We arrived at the hotel before noon and were able to check in right away. I would say the room was recently renovated and given a facelift, and it looked very modern. It had wireless Internet access which we had no problems with, and was necessary as this was a business trip. The only problem we had was the window was a bit drafty, and I thought there were too many long black hairs on the towels. This is a bit of a pet peeve of mine as I have a hair aversion, but I thought thick, coarse, black hairs were visible enough to be removed. The bathroom floor was heated, but we are not sure if that was by design or chance, in any case it was a nice touch. I think we stayed in room 604 (?) and the pipes were really noisy at times. It seemed like when the heat was on it was a bit less noticiable, but if you are a light sleeper it will definately wake you. I told the front desk about it and they offered to move us to another room, and had someone look at it (so maybe they fixed it). We chose not to move for our own convenience, and it was absolutely no reflection on the hotel staff, but it did seem less noticable for the last few days of the stay. The continental breakfast was a very nice touch, and had more than I needed for breakfast, yogurt, toast, cereal, doughnuts, all the usuals. It was clean and tidy and had an attendant at all times. We paid about $160 plus taxes for the room per night, which I thought was well worth it, especially for NYC. This is my third trip to NYC, and I would definately return to this hotel. If you are not looking for luxury, but a clean, standard hotel to base your days activities, this is it. The staff were extremely pleasant and we had no issues with the hotel at all. The bed was really comfortable, which is a big plus in my books!!!! Plus it has an ipod docking station which I thought was a really nice touch. It had some amenties of a higher end hotel at a budget hotel price. I am Canadian and usually stay at Delta hotels, I would put this more in the Comfort Inn line, but certainly at the higher end of this. We ate at a great Brazillian restaurant nearby, plus Burger Joint in the Parker Meridian, Keen's and Joe's Shanghai, all great spots. Definately stay at the Hotel at Times Square. Great hotel, great location.	
Dec 25 2008 	Perfect location	Location, Location, Location. Only a block and a half from Times Square action. If you want to be near Times Square, this is your place. Don't judge this book by it's cover. This is a New York City version of a good Hampton Inn or HI Express. The facade is covered with scaffolding and it has a temporary sign. It's clean, modernized, and no doorman to tip! We stayed at this hotel the weekend before Christmas. We knew NYC tourism was down due to the economy and were thinking this was the year to go if there ever was one. We made the reservation just a week before departure and with taxes it cost about $179 USD per night. We arrived Friday morning and were surprised that our room was immediately available. (unheard of during the NYC holidays). Our room (821) had two double beds and two spacious closets. By NYC standards the rooms were adequate size. The TV reception was not great on our flat screen but I fiddled with the cable and it worked acceptably well. The bathroom lacks an exhaust fan (normal for an old building). The bathroom had a &quot;sour rag&quot; odor. Complimentary in room safe.Some other reviews have complained about the slow elevators but our waits were fine. As other reviews stated, the weakest area of service is the continental breakfast. It is more crowded than Times Square on New Years Eve. Supposedly, they are renovating the breakfast area so the breakfast is served in the small lobby. We had to keep reminding ourselves that it was &quot;free&quot;. By eating there it probably saved our family of four $25-30 per day at NYC prices. There is a McDonalds around the block and several small Brazilian and Italian restaurants nearby.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Price	We stayed at the Hotel at Times Square the weekend before Christmas (when most hotels in NYC were mad expensive) for a great rate. Booking on the hotel's website was easy. We arrived at Grand Central Station and took a 5 minute taxi ride to the hotel - the location is GREAT. 5 minutes walk to Rockefeller Plaza, a little more to Times Square, and central park is not far off either. There are subway stops close by, and getting a taxi is no problem (the staff were helpful and they gladly got us a cab).The hotel itself is also great. The lobby looks to be newly renovated. Everything is quite classy, especially for a lower priced hotel. The rooms are well designed - pretty modern, something you don't find often in cheaper hotels - and all the furniture seemed to be new. The flat screen TV was hot, and an iHome ipod dock/radio sat on the dresser. Pretty nice for $150 a night!The room was spotless and in perfect order. Everything was clean, looked like we were the first people to stay in the room, something I can not say for some other hotels I've stayed in for similar prices.Nothing about the hotel could have been better. The room was smaller than I'd expected, but only by a little, and was no problem at all. I'd recommend the Hotel at Times Square to a couple on a weekend trip, to a family of four, and anyone in between. Definitely a good find.	
Dec 18 2008 	Location Location Location	Four of us stayed here Dec. 4th - Dec. 8th. We checked in early and was able to get our room. Had a late flight on Monday and put our luggage in storage. Everything was clean, room big especially for NYC. Bathroom nice size and kept clean our entire stay. Breakfast was sufficient but temporary site is very very small. Anytime we needed anything from hotel staff they quickly met our requests. Only draw back was language barrier with some front desk employees. Very safe tourist area and easy walk to times square or Rockefeller and even 5th street shopping!	
Dec 15 2008 	Quaint with good location	We just returned from a night's stay at &quot;The Hotel at Times Square&quot;. While, at first, you will notice obvious external renovations being performed, it does not hurt your stay in any way (mind you, this was a Saturday evening stay, so perhaps they weren't working at this time). This is the epitome of a quaint, European-stype boutique hotel. We came to New York to take in a show and the &quot;holiday energy&quot; of the city, so did not stay for long in the room. However, the location truly helped us enjoy every part of the city that we wanted to encounter -- from Broadway to Rockefeller Plaza and even a Paul McCartney sighting. While in the room, we found it cozy and comfortable. The TV was large, the free Wi-Fi was highly useful, the bed was clean and restful. For a young couple, the size of the room was fine -- not sure how families would do, but this was definitely meant for 2 people to use, and we found it more than sufficient. If you're looking for wide, open spaces, find a bigger, pricier place. If you're looking for a stylish place to lay your hat, try The Hotel at Times Square.The only complaint I had concerned parking; had a difficult time finding the correct parking garage to take advantage of the discount, so ended up paying an arm, a leg, and another leg at a different place. Clarification on that would be helpful. Otherwise, a joy. Front desk was very helpful, albeit a little difficult to understand.	
Dec 14 2008 	GREAT DEAL - GREAT LOCATION - GREAT STAFF	I moved to The Hotel At Times Square after two nights at the Hilton Times Square... and I was not disappointed at all !Sure, at the Hitlon i could see the Empire State Building from my window at the 42nd floor... but believe me, if you are planning to spend your time in NYC just looking out of the window, I do guess there is something wrong with you! LOLBeing serious now. The location is great: just across the street from Times Square: you can truly reach it in less than 5 minutes walking.5th Avenue is at the end of the street; on the other side, you have 6th Avenue.This means that you reach the most popular attractions in a few minutes: shopping of 5th Avenue (Saks, Cartier, Tiffany and everything else), Rockfeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, BB King Club, Mme Tussaud and so on.The street is safe, and let me tell you that I stayed there alone - I am a young woman, and used to go out in the night too. I have never had a problem.From there, you can easily get a cab any time (day and night), or you can reach the subway in just a few steps (less than 5 minutes). if you like the bus, you can also jump on it: it is just at the end of the street (5th Avenue).The buildings around are not that gorgeus, but it is not a big deal, because the most beautiful architecture masterpieces of NYC are at a close distance.In the street, you can also find a &quot;Monster Sushi&quot;: if you like miso soup and sushi-sashimi-maki, you will find it really exciting, and not expensive at all.And now the hotel: it is quite small, familiar and simple, with a small lounge with wooden walls and leather couches. The stairs are amazing, they look so old fashioned but at the same time they have clearly been renewed lately.The rooms are exactly the way the look in the pictures in the applecore site: the main colour is green, and the furniture is new.The bath has a reasonsable size, just don't forget to bring (or buy) your own shower cap, because they don't give that.Most important thing: rooms are perfectly clean, and they have 2 locks.The hotel is ver peaceful, anyway: perfectly safe even for a single girl.The staff is absolutely great: they are always so nice and willing to help, available at any time, no matter how obnoxious you can be!!The only problem is the noise, because windows are not soundproof: I had to use earplugs in order to be able to sleep. I don't think that the position of the room can make a real difference.What else can i say? I loved the hotel, the staff and the location: definitely i did not regret Hilton, where the price of one single night was higher than 3 nights at the Applecore.Great deal, great stay.	
Dec 13 2008 	Pleasantly surprised!!!	We stayed at this hotel from December 9 - 11th and had a wonderful time! Coming from two nights (business) at the Waldorf, we were a little nervous about staying at this hotel. The outside is nothing special (they are renovating), but we were pleasantly surprised at the room and the value for the location! Most hotels in this area run for about $300.00+, but we were able to get this room from the hotel website for under $200.00 a night. The room is small but VERY clean!! The only &quot;negative&quot; (it's a small one) was the pillows. They were flat and not terribly comfortable. The location is terrific! Two blocks from Times Square, Rockefeller Center, etc. Great location!!!! We would definitely stay here again!!!	
Dec 12 2008 	Great location minimal service	This hotel is in a great location for access to the theatre district. The rooms are a good size for New York City. The bathroom is descent and clean. The bed sheets are pilled, which makes them a bit uncomfortable. There is a nice bistro on 44th - db Bistro Moderne. There is a McDonalds and Subway close by as well. There are little to no services available, for example, no concierge. Even ordering extra pillows took 3 calls and 2 days. Breakfast was adequate, some fruit, pastries, coffee, orange juice, but ran out of food early. Arrive near the 7 am start or there won't be any food left!	
Dec 11 2008 	Great Hotel - Excellent location	Like a lot of people I didn’t know what to expect having read all the reviews about this hotel. My girlfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights and thought the hotel was excellent. It’s nothing fancy but the room was big, warm and very clean. The beds &amp; towels were changed every day. Bathroom is very large too with a great shower. The location is the best thing about this hotel. It’s on 46th street between 5th &amp; 6th avenue which is a great midtown location. We walked all over Manhattan, you’re only a few blocks from Times Square, the Rockefeller centre, St. Patricks Cathedral, The Empire State building, etc. Yes the breakfast isn’t up to much but you’re in the middle of Manhattan, you won’t be short of places to eat. There are two computers in the lobby with internet access and there was often a queue for these but the room had wi-fi access so if I bothered to bring my laptop there wouldn’t have been a problem.I would definitely stay here if I come back to NYC, which I’m sure I will. Its a bit hard to spot from outside as with the building work going on next door there is only a banner over the front door. One tip is keep an eye on the website as you will often get a good late availability deal. I had this hotel booked months ago, noticed it was much cheaper a few weeks before I travelled so I cancelled the reservation and booked it again and saved hundreds of dollars.	
Dec 9 2008 	Clean great value and location	Booked online for 4 days the first week of December. Hotel is in a great location (46th st. between 5th and 6th avenues). The hotel is very close to Times Square, Broadway, Rockefeller Center etc. The rooms appear newly renovated and updated. The exterior of the hotel is still undergoing renovations, but this did not negatively impact our experience at all.We arrived at 1100am so no room was available but our luggage was stored (free) and we went out for brunch. We were told the room would be ready at 1:30pm (even though check-in is not technically until 3:00pm).Loved the room! Nice decor,spotlessly clean, modern bathroom (with an unusual glass door), and beds were comfortable. Plenty of lights and a great IPOD dock on the clock radio. Interior room so no view unless you count the fire escape but trade off was the absolute quiet. Breakfast room was extremely crowded, but some food was always available. Front desk and housekeeping staff were very helpful.Totally satisfying experience. Great value for price paid.	
Nov 28 2008 	Big disapointing	When I found this hotel I was so happy that you still can find something on a good price in a good place.But when we checked in,the guy from the front desk told me that we have a reservation for two rooms.I said that I don't need two rooms and he said&quot;ok&quot;.When a sow him next time,he told me just like that ,that everything is ok,but they charged me for the room.After one hour discution ,that this is some sistem mistake,and after he print me some papers ,(that can not be prove,coz the confirmation number in that papers and this that I have in my e-mail were competely diferent.) he told me that this is the internet reservation and he can not do anything,I have to talk with the menager.When I went back to my room I try to call to the internet company on the phone that i found in the web site.Infortunately when I dialed this number I spoke again with the guy from the front desk???After couple days I found the menager,she told me that she will check and she will call me ,but she never did.So I found her finaly,but nothing.She just said ,&quot;sorry&quot;You gave your credit card,so you give a permition for charge.That's it,I paid for two rooms in this hotel,but they never gave me second room,by the way,may be they gave this room to somebody else.I hope that they not gonna charge me some they again,but i will never go again in this hotel.If you think that the room cost 180$,noo it cost at about 370$ nightly.	
Nov 24 2008	No heating? Here's a blanket	Good quality hotel, fantastic location. However, my stay was ruined by:a. The maids who knock on your doors everyday at 9 or 10 in the morning and check to see if you have vacated your room every 15 minutes or so. Found this v annoying. They have no idea of a lie in, esp on weekends.b. The heating, which broke down. I called reception to get it fixed and heard nothing for 30 minutes. After over an hour of constant chasing (since reception did not seem to consider it an urgent matter), someone eventually showed with a blanket - since they had apparently run out of portable heaters that night! No apology or explanation offered, absolutely pathetic!c. The TV was not working for 2 days.Stay by all means, it's good value for money, but if anything goes wrong, don't expect anything.	
Nov 21 2008 	Decent and good value for money	There is nothing wrong with this neat, clean and comfortable hotel, it might be a bit tired and run down in and around the foyer, and the breakfast room well I really don't know why they bother, but there a loads of decent diners nearby and where it counts that is the actual room these lodgings are quite respectable. The rooms are quite large by NYC standards, the beds comfortable, good shower and decent bedding, and for US$150 per night very good value. My son and I in fact where in the family room on the 9th floor, 2 bedrooms and the accomodation large enough really for a family of 5 (if the chidlren are still small), excellent, and if you like that sort of thing there are flat screen Tv's in both the bedrooms. Anyway all up, decent, good value and the location without being spectacular is quite ok.	
Nov 13 2008 	Coming from a 'princess'... very good.	Just returned from a my first trip to NYC with my boyfriend. Tripadvisor is our bible and I can't tell you how long we were looking for a hotel that was suitable in terms of accommodation and price.Don't ask us how we found this hotel - the price for our five night stay is what attracted us initially and then looking it up on here we thought not bad. I must admit I had my reservations about staying in a one star hotel - but was very very pleasantly suprised.The hotel itself is perfectly nice and met all of our needs - great location, friendly staff, incredibly clean with mod cons. The rooms were huge! in comparison to other hotels with tiny rooms at double the price we were laughing. large plasma on the wall, comfortable bed and a bathroom which wasnt lavish but lovely and clean and certainly met our needs and in our opinion warranted more than one star.Breakfast was fine. Small seating area and self service. This certainly wasnt 5 star catering but again was just fine with a small selection of pastries, cereal, juices and fruit etc - served on disposable plates.The only downsides I must mention are the following. Our room allbeit lovely was facing road side on the 11th floor - unfortunately this was too noisy for us and our sleep was constantly interuppted which wasnt great - we did ask to change rooms which we said we could however by the time we got our acts together the hotel sold out and we couldnt move. Also on the last night - exhausted I jumped into bed and the new undersheet (fresh bedding and towels every day) was bobbled and itchy - this however did not bother my boyfriend who said it reminded him of staying at his grandmas when he was a kid - take from that what you will!Would we stay at this hotel again? if the price was right and we were able to get a room not facing the road then probably.	
Nov 13 2008 	Great Room Excellent Location	Just returned from a terrific 4-night stay (Thu-Sun) at The Hotel at Times Square in New York City. Booked the room through the hotel website (applecorehotels.com) and received a nightly rate of $140 which is excellent compared to others in Manhattan (Sunday night was even a little less expensive at only $120).Actually, it was more like 4 1/2 nights--I arrived around 10:00 in the morning, intending to just check bags and sightsee until the 3:00 check-in and they were nice enough to give me the room early! They even provided a complimentary goodie bag with toothpaste, deodorant, shampoo, razor, Aleve, and granola bar.The room was on the top (11th) floor of the rear tower and definitely much bigger and nicer than I expected based on reading reviews of other NYC hotels. Not much of a view, but who wants to be staring out the window anyway?!? The room was very clean and seemed to have been recently remodeled. Window heater/air was a little noisy, but otherwise worked fine. Amenities included a queen-size, pillow-top mattress, iPod clock radio, flat-screen TV, and closet safe.The small elevator was slow during busy times, but that was only a minor inconvenience. There is an exercise room in the basement and a small bar on the 2nd floor. Draft beers were only $3 and some of the mixed drinks were $5. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful in providing assistance and directions.The hotel itself is located on 46th Street between 5th and 6th Avenues. (The street corner sign actually says &quot;Little Brazil.&quot;) The street is one-way, so vehicles will need to approach from the 6th Street direction. There is some construction in the area, but it wasn't really a problem. This location is perfect for access to 5th Avenue shopping, Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, Broadway/Times Square, Grand Central Station, Bryant Park/New York Public Library, Museum of Modern Art, and Central Park. In addition, subway access is only a block or two away if you have to travel a little further than walking distance.Due to the close proximity to tourist locations, there always seemed to be pedestrian traffic nearby, so safety was never an issue when walking in the neighborhood, even late at night. For last-minute supplies, there is a Duane Reade store nearby that is open 24-hours.In summary, I would definitely recommend this location for anyone staying in midtown Manhattan.	
Oct 30 2008 	Really Good Hotel!!!	I have to say I disagree with some of these reviews, We stayed at this hotel October 22 through October 27. I was really pleased with the hotel. We got a pretty sweet deal on the hotel. We arrived at 7:00a.m. and were allowed to an early check-in. Once we saw our room, it was more than what I expected, we got the two bedroom suite (1211). Many people on this site have complained about the elevators, honestly we had no problem whatsoever. I am from Orange County, CA, I had never been to NY. My family and I really fell in love with NY. The hotel location was perfect, just two blocks from Times Square. I will definately stay at this hotel for my next visit!!!-CHRISOC, CA	
Oct 28 2008 	For First time in NY This Location was Perfect! Nice Rooms Too!!	This hotel was very good from the start. Our flight from Long Beach to JFK was to arrive in NY at 5:45 am, so we were a little scared that there wasnt going to be any rooms available for early check-in. To our surprise, they checked us in right when we got there (6:30 am) and we were even upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite on the top floor. The staff there was very helpful when we had any questions. The rooms were very clean and not as small as everyone said they were. Perfect location, we were one light away from Times Square. There's a Subway (rstrnt)like 20 feet away, &amp; a Mcdonald's right around the corner. Rockefeller Center is on the next block, and so is Radio City Music Hall.Being my first time in NY and being from Orange County, CA, I expected alot. (Just cause I'm so use to the Vegas rooms) Let's just say it was all I expected. I read alot of reviews prior to my stay and some people were complaining about the loud noises at 7 am &amp; how the place was horrible....but ur on a VACATION...who cares if they wake you up that early, why do u want to sleep for 20 hrs. It was fun for us, cause since we were on a vaca, we wanted to be up as early as possible. (the construction was only going on during the week, not the weekend.) Very nice place. I would stay here again.Oh, we also got a discount as far as price. I think total for 4 nights, we paid 1291.00 as oppossed to 2000 or more at other places.	
Oct 20 2008 	Everything we needed in a fantastic location!	We were very concerned after reading reviews on Trip Advisor that this Hotel would be awful but we really enjoyed our stay. It is expensive at about £175 a night but this location was perfect if you want to be central to everthing and we couldn't find anything to complain about. The bedroom was very clean when we arrived and was cleaned to an excellent standard everyday. It had everything you need from a Hotel room with a safe, hairdryer, towels, toiletries, ipod station, coffee machine etc and all in good working order. I would not recommend this place if you want to spend alot of time in the Hotel or if you want to experience spectacular views of the City but if you want a good standard of accomodation in a great location then this is the place for you.	
Oct 17 2008 	The Hotel (to stay in) at Times Square	Booked online for 4 days the second week of October. Hotel is quaint 12 story in great location (46th st. between 6th and 5th avenues) , newly renovated and refreshed.  We arrived at 1000am so no room was available but our luggage was stored (free) and we went out for brunch. We were told the room would be ready at 1:00 but when we returned at noon,our 12th fl. room was ready. Loved the room! Nice decor,spotlessly clean, modern bathroom,and beds more comfortable than any I've stayed in. My husband loved the little reading lights on both sides of the bed and the IPOD dock on the clock radio. Interior room so no view unless you count the fire escape but trade off was the absolute quiet. Great for sleeping. Heard more noise in hall and adjacent room than from the street. Heard no construction noise mentioned in other reviews... Breakfast room is very busy but that changes minute by minute so it depends on your timing. Basic continental choices but something for everyone and we never saw shortages.  Staff was professional and helpful. Our last morning, at 6:30am, the concierge went out to 6th avenue and brought us back a cab for the airport.  Totally satifying experience. Great value for price paid.	
Oct 9 2008 	Horrible Experience with Super 8 Times Square	I had to change my reservation for the following day due to a flight cancellation. It was during a holiday snow storm, flying through Denver. When I called the hotel to let them know I would be arriving late, the clerk was rude and uncooperative. I ended up having to cancel the reservation and finding a room elsewhere. I definitely would not recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Oct 8 2008 	Excellent value for money	After reading countless reviews of various economically priced hotels in NY, we opted for this one since the majority of the reviews were positive. We arrived and were promptly checked in and found our room to be modern and very clean. Other reviews have stated that the rooms are small but by European standards, the room was more than adequate. The location of the hotel is fantastic, just 5 minutes walk to Times Square and only a couple of minutes to the nearest subway station. The check out time is 12 noon but the staff were more than happy to store our luggage for us until later that day. Alternatively, there is an hourly rate for keeping the room on for late check out. Overall, we were very impressed by this hotel for the purpose we needed it for - shopping and sightseeing with a clean comfortable bed to return to at the end of the day. If I had to give 1 piece of negative feedback, it would be that the continental breakfast is extremely basic (but then it is free!). Throw away dishes/cutlery/cups are OK if you just want to grab something rather than savour that first meal of the day. Unfortunately, I witnessed the staff member servicing the kitchen area using a tea towel to wipe surfaces that I had seen him wipe the trash bin with. I meant to report it to reception staff but forgot when checking out. Apart from that, absolutely fine and would definately return if the trip was for the same purpose.	
Sep 24 2008 	Not bad :)	We have just returned from NYC and had the best time there. We chose The Hotel at Times Square because at the time that we were planning to be in New York, hotel prices were INSANE. The Hotel at Times Square was the cheapest one we could find in such a good location at $349/night. The reviews absolutely scared me. This hotel used to be a Super 8. And most websites gave it 2 stars or less. But, when arriving to the hotel I was pleasantly surprised. I am very new to writing these reviews, so let me just go with a pro and con list...PRO:- The hotel is within a few blocks (definitely walking distance) to times square.- The rooms were clean (majorly important!)- The bed was soft- MOST of the staff were friendly- Free internet- Free continental breakfast.- 24 hour Business Center (small but adequate)- Concierge helped point out nearby food delivery places, was able to buy our theatre tickets and pick them up for us, and was able to coordinate shuttle transportation for us. CONS:- The hotel is old, so expect small and slow elevators.- The bathroom was on the small side. Some rooms seem to have a little bigger bathrooms than others.- As I mentioned earlier, the hotel is old, though the rooms are renovated, the tightness and awkwardness of the hallways and stairways show you the age of this hotel.-The internet's wireless capabilities didn't work in our room, front desk didn't have any more ethernet cables, so we were without internet the first day - The business center, breakfast room, and fitness facility are in the bottom floor of this hotel and as far as I'm concerned I was a little scared to go down there! - There's no real restaurant within the hotel itself. However, there's loads of restaurants who deliver, and concierge can give you some menus and phone numbers. - Cabs do not know this hotel so just tell them the address...and not 59 W 46th street, you have to say &quot;46 street between 5th and 6th Ave&quot; and usually they'll get it right.So, the end result...this hotel is not a four star hotel...it's old, it's small. BUT, it gets the job done. Its clean, it's near times square and radio city and build-a-bear, and all those things. Would I stay here again? If the price was right..sure. If you're a business person who needs a lot of upscale technological amenities, or if you're a person looking to be pampered on your next trip...Don't stay here.But if you someone who just needs a clean, moderately priced place to rest his head after a day in New York, then this is a good place for you.	
Sep 19 2008 	Great Value	I was pleasantly surprised with the cleanliness, location and courteous staff at The Hotel at Times Square. After reading many horrible reviews on other hotels we weren't sure what to expect but the lobby was well lit, well staffed and the concierge extremely helpful. Our room was very clean, beds were comfortable and amenities plentiful. Other reviews are negative on their breakfast but keep in mind it is continental, not buffet. I was happy to see fresh, unbruised fruit and plenty of pastries and breads. Subway a block and a half away, close to Times Square and Rockefeller Center. Definitely recommend.	
Sep 18 2008 	Outstanding service and value !!	We just stayed at this hotel during the recent White Sox / Yankees series.Check in was prompt and efficient, and the desk person even put us in a suite. Really friendly. Tossed us a 'welcome kit' which was necessary as this was a last minute trip and we forgot toiletry things at home.Room was just perfect. Very clean with all the latest electronic gizmos ... flat panel, TV, iPod dock. Even a coffee maker with ample supplies,Bathroom was well lit and clean (Have to mention this in comparison to other places I've been in NYC).Great location. Terrific folks. Great place to stay !!	
Sep 17 2008	LocationLocationLocation!!!!!!	We headed to NY from Chicago to see our beloved White Sox take on the Yankee's. We decided to book with this Hotel mainly for the lower cost of the stay compared to the other hotels in Time's Square. I will admit I was a worried that this place was going to be a dump. When we arrived I was impressed on condition of the Hotel and two blocks from Broadway doesnt hurt either. The subway is two blocks away to head up to Yankee staduim. The Car service is very nice( prices are lower than a cab to Shea Staidum) that we took to the Mets game. Shopping is located 1 block east of the hotel on 5th ave. The room was bigger than I expected, very clean and the flat screen didnt hurt either. parking is non-existent so do not bring a car. You can walk to 90% of Times Square. There are only two negative comments I have. Do not depend on the free breakfast to fill you up......and during the week at 7am the construction start, so dont expect to sleep in. This im sure is common at any hotel though. We will be back next year to check out the new stadiums and I have alread booked my stay here.......	
Sep 17 2008 	Excellent Budget Choice for Midtown	If the price is right (and it was when I stayed), the Times Square Hotel is an outstanding budget choice for the New York traveler. The hotel is convenient to the Theatre District, Grand Central and Midtown. The hotel has recently been redone and rooms are clean and, for the price, comfortable. My one caveat would be to check price versus other establishments before booking-- the price here varies substantially on the basis of market bookings. If it veers to $300+, you can very likely do better elsewhere. But if you are at a lower price point, it is worth it.	
Sep 9 2008 	Great Location and VALUE!!	Wow! I just had to leave a review for this little gem. I am a seasoned traveler, and have stayed at some of the best. But for this quick Fashion Week trip, I needed to stay within a budget, so booked here. My gal pal and I could not have been happier. The location is key, we walked to the tents at Bryant Park, the Rock, Bobby Flay's restaurant (Bar Americain, good but not great), and the Gershwin Theater (the last two in the rain!) and really felt we were central to all of our 'venues'. The room is clean, looks just like the photos. Comfy bed, and plenty of towels (a pet peeve of mine is skimpy towels~these were not and there were 4 bath towels each day). NICE LG flat screen, good AC, coffee maker a plus, in-room safe easy to use.The staff let us in at NOON, and since we were early, we got a room on the 4th floor as we had heard about the slow elevators. In reality, there were only a couple of times we were impatient for the lifts, mostly it was fine.I recommend watching the website and look for falling rates. I did, and the hotel honored the everlowering rates each time I called. I saved $70 per night by this method.We skipped the breakfast buffet, and instead went to Pret - A-Manger, a Brit cafe around the corner on 6th. GREAT FOOD and COFFEE! Bring lunch back to your room and save a bundle.In short, I'll be back. I'd rather spend my money on sightseeing and shopping then a fancy hotel. My sis stayed this same week at a pricier ($500 a night) place, and it was not much of a bigger room and the plumbing was awful!!Give the place a try. I think you will be satisfied. It was a total gamble for me, but paid off!!	
Sep 8 2008 	Good location dark rooms very basic facilities	I spent 2 nights in this hotel.The location is perfect, very central, adjacent to Broadway etc.At best, I'd say the hotel was &quot;basic&quot; for someone who wasn't too fussy.The room and decor was uninvitingly dark. The windows were filthy and had warning signs not to open them.The hotel said there were computer games in each room, but didn't say it was $8 per hour for an old Nintendo 64 game.The breakfast was a buffet of sorts in a hall were free tables were not always available. There was a lot of construction going on within the hotel. The lifts were slow and you could be waiting a while to get one.The &quot;business lounge&quot; for internet access was at the back of the hotel in a small room, behind a storage area for construction materials. It had old and basic computers of very low spec.If you're only staying a night or two, and want a central location at the compromise of quality and comfort I suppose it's okay.	
Aug 30 2008	Great	We would like to inform the management of the hotel on how friendly Patriciais.She was very welcoming and cleaned our room 804 superbly.In this age of busy lives, a smiling face in the service industry goes along way. I am sure that Patricia has touched the lives of many travellersand I would like to acknowledge that she made a difference to our stay atyour hotel.Jeanne Waas	
Aug 25 2008 	Could be better but not that bad	Positives:Good locationDecent priceReasonable rateCleanFriendly staffNegatives:No towel racks in bathroomBreakfast is a jokeTV's automatically tune to pay-per-view adult content previewsSome of mentioned cabbies not being able to find the hotel but we never let that deter us in Manhattan. In fact, I'm not sure we've ever taken a cab directly to our hotel. Part of Manhattan is walking. We just got within a few blocks and walk. Much more fun.The breakfast buffet is a complete joke. After the first morning we gave up and never went back. There are only a few tables for a busy hotel. Not worth the trouble.The most irritating thing was that whenever we returned to the room and switched the TV on it was automatically tuned to the pay-per-view channel. Not unusual for a hotel. What bothered me was that every single time the previews being shown were for the adult content. I had to make sure to change the channel quickly as it's not appropriate kids to see that kind of stuff. Especially irritating considering that they bill themselves as a family hotel.I guess the key question is will be come back? Maybe. Depending on what other deals we can find we would consider staying here again.	
Aug 20 2008 	Great Manhattan hotel	We stayed here with our 2 young children and my mother-in-law. This hotel is excellently located just off Times Square. There is a basic but adequate complimentary breakfast. The room was extremely spacious with two comfortable beds.We were pleasantly surprised by this hotel. From our experience, I would say that it represents very good value.	
Aug 19 2008 	I wish I could be more positive	We were booked for a 4 day Shop and Stay package which was listed at $109 per night on the WEB and was to include coupons for shopping, restaurants, bottled water etc. The price and offer were listed on my reservation in the special code box. When we arrived, we were told that the $109 offer was not available in August, although it clearly stated that it was available from May through December on the WEB. We were charged $259 instead. The package materials were given to us on Day 4 and weren't available even then, in the morning before we checked our bags and checked out of our room. We were given a bag at 4 p.m. when we came back for our luggage. The bag contained gingerale instead of water, coupons for a mall outside of New York City and no restaurant coupons. I left them on a table for anyone else to use. I fought for 3 days for a discount based on all of the things that had gone wrong during our stay.Positives: Comfy bed in a fairly large for New York room, which was quiet. Coffee pot in room. Nice business center with 3 computers. When the repair people came for the TV and phone, they were professional. Good location for theatres and subway. Negatives: It took 4 hours, 2 calls and a trip to the front desk to get extra pillows. Phone was broken for 2 days which negated the supposed perk of free calls. TV reception very poor -couldn't get Channels 2-7. 3rd evening had only lukewarm water, 4th morning , only cold. Former visitor's make-up brush was found on day 4, on side of bed, when we were checking that we hadn't left anything ourselves. Breakfast was a mob scene each morning with no tables. Clerks had great difficulty with keeping up with the turnover and replenishing food. Only green bananas were available. Concierge misdirected us to the Metropolitan Museum, which you would think would be a popular spot in NYC!For the entire weekend, there were tools and tape left at the top of the stairs for anyone to trip over. Also, paper was left on the elevator floor for 2 days.On a sheet listing the hotel services given to guests at check-in, guests were asked to leave positive reviews on-line. I'm sorry that I honestly can't.	
Aug 14 2008 	Great Location!!	This hotel was recommended to us by our neighbor. I would definitely recommend it. I had to laugh at the last review as we had the same problem finding the hotel. We were pleasantly surprised when we got there. Everyone was friendly, check in went smooth. As far as the room size it was definitely adequate. We stayed in Paris a couple of years ago and this room was twice the size. The rooms were very clean and always made up properly. The room where the continental breakfast was served was adequate and it was a mob scene but the price was right (included in cost of hotel). If you are looking for fine dining and a quiet place to have breakfast you have to pay the big bucks elsewhere. I also had to laugh at the 7am &quot;wake up call&quot; with the jackhammers next door. I guess that is the price to pay in an ever changing city. We also liked the fact that you could call on the telephone anywhere in the USA for no charge. In my family's opinion, don't let the bad reviews scare you. Go and find out for yourself. After all it is a place for you to hang your hat at night. Enjoy the city. We sure did and will be back again.	
Aug 8 2008 	Great NYC location	First of all, our cab driver could not find the hotel so we just got out at the curb in the block it was supposed to be in. The problem was when we made our reservation, it was a Super 8 franchise. The managers are currently negotiating for a new franchise. Currently there is a canvas sign over the marquee, naming it The Hotel at Times Square.We picked this hotel due to great location--46th between 5th and 6th--and a couple positive reviews on this site after remodeling in the spring.The staff is friendly (not always the case in NYC?) and the decor is nice after the remodeling. For NYC, we thought the value was great--$209/night with our AAA discount.Two caveats--construction next door starts about 7 a.m.--may be hard to sleep in. Second--the continental breakfast is a consistent mob scene. The earlier you get down there, the better. Lots of foreign tourists due to the weak dollar.Re: the TKTS booth for same day show tickets--it is only about three blocks away but it would have been nice if the concierge had mentioned they take cash only. the lines can be long, but they move quickly. We got good seats for the play we wanted (The 39 Steps was great) at half-price.If we returned, we would defintiely consider staying there again.	
Aug 4 2008 	Good value but beware of false advertising	This is a tough review to write. The room we stayed in was a nice room for the price, considering you are in the Times Square area. We had two double beds and a bathroom. The problem is that we booked our room through Super 8's website. And their website clearly stated that we would have a room with two double beds AND a sleeper sofa--which is important for a family of 6. When we checked in and went up to our room on the 10th floor, imagine our surprise to see only two beds and no sofa. When I went back to the front desk, I was rudely told that I was wrong about my reservation. They put me on the phone with the manager who explained that they have NEVER had rooms with two beds and a sleeper sofa. We made due with the situation and two of our boys slept on the floor with extra blankets making up their &quot;beds&quot;.Given the false advertising on Super 8's website, and rudeness of the front desk, we won't be staying here again. If you have a family of 4 or less, it is a bargain for the location.	
Aug 1 2008 	Our stay at the Hotel at Times Square New York	We stayed at this hotel in July 2008 for 10 nights. We arrived early, but there was no problem booking in and we were given our room straight away. Our room was perfect with fresh towels and toiletries everyday. The bed was very comfortable and there was coffee/tea making facilities provided in the room. We had a complimentary self service breakfast and this included cereals, toast, cheese, doughnuts, fresh fruit, yoghurts, tea, coffee and orange juice. You could eat as much as you liked. The breakfast room could have been bigger as it was always very busy. We always managed to be seated, but some guests took their breakfast to their room. The hotel was very central for getting about and we would certainly recommend it for staying in the Mid -Town area of New York.	
Jul 30 2008 	Basic accommodation	This hotel has basic accomodation and if you get a good price it may be value for money in a very central location. However for the price I paid I expected more. The pictures on the website are deceptive it shows a light bright large room, whereas the room i had was dark and grim and small (needed the lights on in the day time to see), this wasn't helped by very dirty windows.The room had been recently refurbished so the wallpaper etc was new however the bathroom was tiny and shabby.The experience at the hotel (end July) was not helped by the noise, the noise from the street added to by the construction going on at the side of the hotel. Given that this is currently a large hole I would anticipate that the construction site (with the sound of lorries and diggers as early as 5am) will be there for some time to come. It appeared to me that the windows are not double glazed so even on a high floor you hear all the noise. The lifts in the hotel are extremely slow and busy and not helped by congestion caused by the cleaners trolleys, but also on the day I was checking out one of the lifts was out of order so I had to wait for a lift for over 20 minutes as I could not have carried my suit case downstairs.Do not be seduced by the 'free' breakfast, this is a basic low quality buffet in the basement and is a bit of a fight for space - I gave up after the first morning and preferred to pay for decent food in pleasant surroundings.The reception staff on check in could not have been more helpful, however the lady who checked me out was extremely unpleasant she made various mistakes and seemed to be getting angry with me because of her mistakes - perhaps she was just having a bad day but I at least expected an apology at the end of the tortous exercise of checking out but non was forthcoming.To sum up I would give this hotel a miss while the contstruction is going on, I would then only consider if you need a central location but are on a tight budget and get a very cheap deal and expect to be out of the hotel room for most of the time.	
Nov 13 2009 	Ótimo hotel recomendo totalmente		
Nov 13 2009 	Ottimo e consigliatissimo!		
Nov 12 2009 	Muy Satisfactorio con un pero		
Nov 10 2009 	buen hotel buena situacion buen precio		
Nov 3 2009 	Mas vale preveniros....		
Oct 26 2009 	Excelente relacion calidad precio y ubicacion		
Oct 15 2009 	The times Square Hotel		
Oct 7 2009 	Ottima posizione buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Sep 30 2009 	Muy Aceptable		
Sep 30 2009 	Muy buena experiencia		
Sep 23 2009 	Nos encantó		
Sep 9 2009 	Ottima posizione per visitare new york		
Aug 20 2009 	suffisant pour NYC		
Aug 16 2009 	bon rapport qualité/prix au coeur de Times Square		
Aug 2 2009 	Un ottimo hotel molto vicino a Times Square		
Jul 22 2009 	Ótima localização mas com alguns poréns...		
Jul 21 2009 	Cuando Vuelva A Nyc Volveré A The Hotel		
Jul 7 2009 	ubicacion!!!!		
Jun 28 2009 	Excelente Custo x Benefício		
Jun 23 2009 	peut mieux faire...		
Jun 22 2009 	Youpiiii ! Les travaux sont finis !		
May 19 2009 	Da consigliar e da tornar		
May 19 2009 	Le meilleur endroit pour visiter Manhattan!		
May 19 2009 	Super hôtel bien situé meilleur rapport qualité-prix		
May 17 2009 	qualità prezzo-locazione ottimi!		
May 6 2009 	Chambre spacieuse et trés propre et trés bien situé à NY		
Mar 17 2009 	???????????????		
Mar 15 2009 	Hotel muy bien situado con habitaciones y baño limpios y completamente reformado		
Feb 28 2009 	Excelente localização		
Feb 24 2009 	Bien Ubicado!!		
Feb 5 2009	excelente excelente y excelente		
Jan 12 2009 	Ottima posizione camere confortevoli		
Dec 28 2008 	Super Hotel		
Dec 5 2008 	dipende da cosa ci si aspetta...		
Nov 6 2008 	Très bel hôtel		
Sep 25 2008 	Guter Preis und Lage		
