Nov 22 2009 	The location can't even make up for what I'm about to say.....	Let me start by saying that I'm one of the most easygoing and calm people ever! I simply don't mind about small mistakes, BUT, this one was very very big! The hotels staff is simply very ghetto, rude and not classy at all... Here is briefly what happened; I had guests traveling all the way from Europe to NYC and they wanted to stay at this hotel. So, they made their reservations 2 weeks ago, received a confirmation letter and took the flight all the way to here...ONLY to be told by the front desk upon their arrival that their card was declined..Doesn't sound &quot;that&quot; abnormal, right ? Well, this was a PREPAID reservation (which means, at the time of the reservation they charge you!) and they got a confirmation e-mail welcoming them to the hotel (extra fancy as they were Platinum Starwood Preferred Guest members). And, the very very very very unprofessional and very uneducated annoying front desk clerk literally said &quot;Oh, that's not my problem sir! They should have checked their credit card balance everyday!&quot;.. This is W Hotel at Union Square, not a $50/night student motel in Bronx! And, when I asked why weren't they notified at the time of the reservation or during the TWO WEEK period between the reservation and their arrival about this decline issue, the annoying front desk supervisor gave me a very simple answer &quot;Oh we don't do that! We can't deal with all the customer's card issues!&quot;... Yes, you let them fly 10 hours to New York City and tell them that their card is declined and not even apologize for your attitude... When I asked to the other front desk clerk &quot;How many managers do you have at this hotel ?&quot; With a very rude tone, he said &quot;We have several&quot;. Then I asked &quot;How many and who are they ?&quot;, he unbelievably replied; &quot;I SAID SEVERAL, OK ?!&quot;... My guests are people who stay in many different Starwood Hotels all over the world (including W Hotels in US and abroad) and again, they had high-balanced Starwood Preferred Guest Cards and a freaking confirmation letter! Yet, this terrible and unbelievably unprofessional attitude.. I simply cannot believe it... The much reasonably priced hotel I was staying two blocks away (Hotel Giraffe) had amazing staff, despite its price. And, when I called all the necessary people about this, they weren't much helpful and one representative guy on the phone literally said &quot;So what do you want ?! Free nights or something?&quot; And, I learned that out of all of the W Hotels in NYC, only the Union Square one is INDIVIDUALLY OWNED! Which probably explains it.. So, make yourself a favor; save your couple of grand and get a different W Hotel or a different hotel in Manhattan!... This is a mistake that shouldn't have been done in the first place for an 8-night reservation for foreign travelers, let alone not apologizing for it on top of the ghetto attitude...	
Nov 1 2009 	Another great W Hotel but so expensive	This a great W Hotel, in a fabulous location on Park Avenue. But at over $700 a night (with internet $20 a day on top), it's difficult to be upbeat. Nice rooms, modern as is the W way, and very helpful trendy staff. I was staying on a business trip, so the bill wasn't painful personally, but I can't say that it is worth that price. Shame really, otherwise it has everything going for it.	
Oct 22 2009 	Pity we could only stay one night but were treated like long time patrons	The front desk put up with my frequent calls asking where they were (as my cars GPS kept putting us in mid town) and when we got there late evening, raining, cold, David the doorman took great care of us and the SUV. The room was spectacular, the front desk was attentive, wish we could have spent more time there. Doorman turned us onto Sushisamba were we had a delectable meal. Thanks to all.	
Oct 13 2009 	Excellent hotel and perfect location	This hotel was just perfect for me and my boyfriend. It was located directly across from Union Square and allowed us to easily walk either downtown or uptown. There's a subway station directly across the street too. I've stayed at many W Hotels and rate this one highly compared to others. The room was spacious with very big windows. The fitness center was great too. We'll stay here again for sure. My only complaint was that you had to pay to use the computers in the business center. We were just hoping to check-in and print off our boarding passes but couldn't do so without paying for an hour of online time.	
Oct 9 2009 	Sweet Suites!	Upgrade to a suite at this hotel and enjoy unusually large rooms with great views and access to Union Square restaurants, shops, and trains. 	
Oct 9 2009 	Great hotel in great location!	The W Union Square is a great hotel. It has a small lobby but there is some seating in the bar area adjacent to Olives Restaurant, which is also part of the hotel. We had lunch and a dinner at Olives (a Todd English restaurant- we actually saw him there the night we had dinner!) - cool design and the food was great. Because we were staying for a business meeting, we had a regular room which was on the small side but it was beautifully decorated. I would ask for a room with a window to the street. We had two windows that looked on to an alley and it always felt dark in the room- may not bother others but it bothered me. It's diagonally across the street from the Union Square Greenmarket which offers local produce &amp; goodies several days a week in the pretty Union Square. This is also a great location. We never had a problem getting cabs. Good shopping nearby- a huge 5-story Barnes &amp; Noble, Sephora, Geox, Filene's Basement, Whole Foods...	
Oct 7 2009 	Nice Hotel + Great Location = A Perfect Weekend in NYC	This review is a little late in posting as my trip was back in July, but I just wanted to finally post something on Tripadvisor, so here it is!Stayed at the W with my fiancee for a weekend getaway and we were both very happy with our experience. When we walked into the hotel, we really liked the atmosphere of the lobby and even the scented candles they used. The service was good. Everybody we came across was professional and friendly. I booked a Wonderful Room which we were quite happy with. It was very clean and we loved the look of the room.Another reason why the W is a great place to stay is because of the location. I always enjoy going to Union Square, and it was even better during this trip because when we walked out of the hotel the next morning, we walked right into a huge street fair that stretched down for a couple of blocks. We didn't know anything about it, so it was a nice surprise. We spent the next couple of hours checking out the booths, shopping, eating, and then made the short walk back to the hotel to rest, and then dinner and a movie later that evening, also just walking distance away.I would definitely recommend staying at the W Union Square.	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent location nice lobby but something was missing for a **** hotel	We stayed with my wife for 4 nights at the hotel. It is a nice hotel with an excellent location. I thought it was a little expensive for what we got. Most 4* hotels will offer internet for free in the room and here we had to pay, though you can get free internet in the lobby. The gym was OK but had only treadmills and stationary bikes, no other machines (just some free weights). I was expecting a gym with a view to the park, but I was dissapointed. The bar area and the restaurant were nice and the service excellent. The rooms were average size but I assume they are big for NY. One complaint: there was a food tray left over the hallway for two nights and nobody picked it up until I told the service...	
Oct 3 2009 	Smart location	A friend and I met in NYC for the weekend. Our goal was to shop in Soho (mainly) and enjoy some great meals. We chose the W Union Square based on location and the fact we could find a relatively large room with two double beds. Our &quot;mega&quot; room was well-sized and comfortable.Two areas for improvement:1. Our 4th floor room was pretty noisy at night...with construction. 2. The bathroom amenities did not include Q-Tips, cottonballs, etc. The good stuff:1. Love the Bliss body products. Loved that the housekeeper kept replenishing them!2. Location was perfect for wandering the Union Square green market, walking to Soho (about 15 minutes), taking a cab up to midtown, etc.3. We needed a disposable razor and a pair of scissors...the whatever/whenever service brought both items up within 15 minutes.4. The airline check-in kiosk in the front lobby was a bonus.5. Doorman recommended a great coffee shop nearby for breakfast called 71 Irving. Amazing Hudson Valley farm roasted coffee and fresh baked goods.I would definitely return with a friend or hubby.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great location very very poor service. Avoid this hotel!	I have just returned home from one night at the W Union Square. My room was clean and the check-in agent was polite. When I arrived in my room I did not find the free bottle of water which should be provided to Platinum members. When I called the &quot;Whatever&quot; desk I was told that Platinum guests do not receive a free bottle of water. After I insisted the agent put me on hold and checked. she advised me (without an apology) that a bottle would be sent up. I then went to get a bucket of ice. The ice machine was not working. I notified a member of the housekeeping staff. She advised me that she would take care of it and have a bucket of ice brought to my room. After one hour I had still not received the ice. When the bottle of water finally arrived I informed the staff member who brought the water that I was still waiting for the ice. He took my bucket and went to collect ice from another floor. The tv was not properly functioning. HBO and Fox were not available. When I called the &quot;Whatever&quot; line I was advised that they have been having a technical problem for weeks. The following morning I called the &quot;Whatever&quot; line to ask the opening hours of a particular store which I wanted to visit. I was told &quot;I think it opens at 10:00.&quot; When I asked if they couldn't call the store to confirm this they told me that they would have to call me back. I was called back and told that the store opened at 11.00. After breakfast I took a taxi to this store only to find that it was closed for Rosh Hashanah. I called directory assistance, found the store number and called the store. The phone message made it very clear that the store was closed all weekend. I checked their website when I arrived at my office later and found that it also clearly states this information. When I checked out from the hotel there was one agent at the check-out desk and a line of 8 people (five rooms) waiting to check out. I asked a passing staff member if someone from the back office could be called to help. He requested help on the radio without receiving any response. No help ever came. I waited 20 minutes, and I was the third person in line.	
Sep 16 2009 	Worst Hotel Ever! There was blood on my sheets! Absolutely disgusting!	I went to my room around midnight and I was turning down the sheets and there was BLOOD on the sheets! I wouldn't even expect to see that in a motel let alone a &quot;nice&quot; hotel. That is absolutely unacceptable! I don't know if they don't change the sheets? Or if they don't the sheets? Or if maybe someone got cut and was too lazy to change the sheets ...or what? I'm not sure what happened but I was disgusted. I called the front desk and the lady had told me that the manager had stepped out, but she would send someone to change the sheets. The guy came up and threw the pillows ON THE FLOOR, and didn't even change the casing! I couldn't sleep at all I didn't even want to touch anything in that room. The next morning I just wanted to leave so we went downstairs and the man caring our luggage was the only person that worked at that hotel that showed us any hospitality. He asked us were we're going and we told him we were going to another hotel and asked why and I told him, well there was blood on our sheets. He said well you should definitely talk to a manager. We went back inside and waited for a manager to come out (who never came out). Apparently they didn't even put this incident in their nightly report...was it really that little? No one even apologized, they took a small percentage off the bill to compensate. Absolute nightmare, I wouldn't recommend going there at all...in face I'd warn you before you go!	
Sep 9 2009 	Avoid W Hotel Union Sqare at all costs!	I recently stayed at the W New York Union Square. As a Preferred Gold Member, I am extremely disappointed. First of all, the room was very tired and dirty. I had to request 4 times for a roll-away to be brought up to my room. The staff at the reception desk were very rude as well when I inquired why I had to request the roll-away 4 times. The Ice machine on the 7th floor did not work, and the delivery person was rude when they had to bring ice up to the room. We requested Champaign glasses, and they brought tumbler glasses and stated that they didn’t have any left. The elevator took 20 minutes to get us in the morning. The over-all property was very tired and dirty. I asked for 2 glasses of orange juice in the morning, and they brought up 2 tiny glasses of orange juice, and charged me $27.00!!!! Again, they were very rude when delivering. My cordless phone did not work at all, and my attempts to rectify this were ignored. We arrived before 3 Pm on September 5th, and the front desk said that they would call as soon as my room was ready. They never called me; as a SPG Gold member, I have never been treated like this. I used a lot of my points to stay here, and I am completely disgusted that this would even be a W property!!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 8 2009 	Second Stay and still fabulous	My husband and I organised a 'long weekend' trip to NYC for ourselves and friends from the UK. I recommended the W on Union Square as I had stayed there before a loved it. I was happy to say we all loved the experience. Yes, it is pricy but you can get a good deal if you look (we did) and I did feel it was worth the money for the location, friendly helpful staff, AWESOME bed and comfy welcoming bar/lounge. I think the W Union square feels more like a boutique hotel than a large chain hotel. I will stay there again even if I save my pennies to do so.	
Sep 7 2009 	Putting the W in Wonderful...	The W Union Square in New York is a little piece of Wonderful in the city that never sleeps. From the moment I arrived till my reluctant check out, I was engaged by the personable staff and treated in a very respectful but casual superstar manner, made me feel a million bucks!From the moment the yellow taxi pulled up from JFK, I was greeted in a very James bond fashion by the staff. “Welcome to The W Union Square Mr. V” (not my real name :) ), we’ve been expecting you and very glad you chose to stay with us.” All that was missing was a red carpet. It was the eve of Halloween and upon arriving at the front desk with bags in tow, the front desk agent immediately acknowledged and recognized my elite status with the Starwood group and promptly and efficiently checked me in and explained only the need to know information, painless and all the while engaging me in conversation and she keyed away on the keyboard. “What are your plans for the evening?” and there you go, I had a list of things to do for the evening and all, I realized the morning after my first night’s stay were excellent choices even tho' my head might have been a little hazy, just a little. I had a blast that night with Strawberry Shortcake and huckleberry pie. Oh by the way, I ended up staying at the front desk for almost 20 mins Chatting with this very engaging, professional and knowledgeable staff of The W Union Sq.My room was plush, spacious and most importantly, felt like home. I had on 3 of the 5 evenings hosted friends before heading out for nights on the town. The bar at the hotel is attracts a motley crew of the usual suspects, hipsters and wannabes. The bed to this day, is the most comfortable I have ever slept in! Casual, inviting and engaging. The price a night will set you back a little but if you have a little cash to splash, it’s well worth a stay. Depending on which area you like to play while in New York, if you are there to play that is. It was not the closest to my usual haunts but definitely worth the commute. Thank you To Caitlin for booking me in here and to The W Union Sq and staff for a very pleasant stay and for making hospitality uncomplicated, casual, engaging and breezy.	
Aug 26 2009 	Good hotel if expensive	I was at the W for work meetings and found it to be a nice hotel, if expensive. Plenty of nice touches, from warm cookies to a comfortable bed (though it was not a Heavenly Bed when I was there).	
Aug 21 2009 	Disappointing 	My 2 friends and I booked the W Union Square at hotels.com and received an attractive price for a 2 night stay. We booked a King room with a rollaway bed (for 3 adults). When we arrived at the hotel, they claimed to not have a room available per our request. They blamed it on hotels.com (they said that hotels.com shouldn't have allowed that category of king room to have a rollaway bed). In lieu of what we had booked (and paid for in advance), the front desk offered us a king bed only. He said that all 3 of us could sleep in the bed! We politely declined this 'offer,' upon which he countered by offering us the 'best he could do' - a double room on the smoking area. He said that was all they had, and to take it or leave it. We agreed to look at the smoking room, but after getting off the elevator on the smoking floor (it stank), and opening the door to the smoking room,( it also stank and had a huge brown stain on the carpeting), we decided we couldn't bear to be in that room for 2 nights. We went back down to the front desk to let them know we couldn't stay in the smoking room, and they told us to call hotels.com and ask for a refund, then start finding other accommodations! They said they were totally booked that night and that others were walking in off the street looking for rooms. It appears that the hotel wanted to 'sell' our fairly inexpensive room to 'off the street' travelers willing to pay the full retail price. When we told them we were unable to reach hotels.com (we hung up on after being on hold for 20 minutes), we asked for a W Hotel manager. After another 15 minute wait, they miraculously had an opening of a king room with a rollaway bed. That is exactly what we had originally booked at hotels.com! All this nonsense took an hour and a half! When we finally got to our room, it was adequate. We were, however, quite displeased at the service at the hotel's front desk. They acted as if they had no relationship with hotels.com!	
Aug 16 2009 	W Hotel is sooo already past century	Perfect location but... Horrible posh staff at front desk, smiling optional. So I liaised during all my stay during the concierge who really found me nice adresses and knows the city... W Hotel sound to me already past century, no doubt was great and trendy in the nineties but now a little but already outdated. Fitness and business center in a tiny basement without windows. What I hated was no real lobby But a bar packed with conventions of working class heroes. Had to stand up every evening to check my emails as the only free wifi was in this area. Overall super Nice location and ok but if you look to thé wow factor promises by W you might be deceipted. Thé hôtel itself cannot be blâmée as i t is thé global concept. NeXT stay in nyc: gramercy hôtel!	
Aug 2 2009 	Very Nice But small rooms	Stayed here while visiting our family in Brooklyn. This is The W- So obviously it was clean and comfortable. Location is great. The rooms are small however. Staff was great, everything was perfect as planned. If you can afford it, I definately reccomend it. If you are traveling with a large family and/or plan to spend alot of time in your room, and want spacious accomodations, I would try a hotel in either a different part of the city, or stay out near the JFK or La Guardia hotels.	
Jul 31 2009 	Good for some bad for others?	Hi All,I usually write really graphic interpretations of the hotels I stay at, but in this case I will just give the meats and potatos. The W is a very stylish, swanky, chic place to chill. I am not big on the whole &quot;hip scene&quot; in my hotel. I like to go out and have fun, but come back to a chilled out place. The W is very funky. I say &quot;Form over function&quot; describes this place best. If you like this scene, stay here. It is quite cool. Here are my key points.1. The bar scene here is tight. Hot chicks dressed in black. With a good fake job and some cash you could pull off the Gorden Gecco move and feel like the king of NY.2. The hotel is very old, and it shows in some spots. The elevators are a horror show. We had to take the stairs.3. Michelle Obama was in the room next to me so security was a problem. It slowed down the flow of the hotel. It caused elevator backups. Police dogs on the halls, the whole kit and kaboodle....4. I love food. For my conference they had a catered macaroni and cheese bar. Now that sounds silly, but it was pure awesome. period. The best comfort food/meal I had in a year. Full on chef making crazy mac and cheese. I would go back for that.If this isn't your scene hit the Waldorf, if not, hit the bar, find the guy who made the mack and cheese and put on your gecco shirt.	
Jul 27 2009 	Cool Place to stay in ny	Everything is around you,,,shopping, movies, just to walk around its fun too,,,,I love NY,,,and Love this hotel	
Jul 26 2009 	Love the W Hotel	This was my 3rd time staying at this hotel. The rooms here are on the larger side (than most NYC and W hotels standards). After being out and about, I have always enjoyed having a fruit infused water in the lobby/check in area, simple idea, but so refreshing. Bathrooms are spacious and love using the bliss products. Our room was not quite ready when we checked in, but they were very accommodating with storing our luggage and ringing us if it becomes available. The location is perfect for taking in the city sights. Meatpacking, Soho are all close to the hotel. Subway is on the other side of Union Square, so you can be almost anywhere in the city with a short trip on the subway. Green Market (Farmer's Market) is always fun get fresh bread and relax on the bench. I have gone next door to the deli/market to pick up food when I did not want to mess with going out and just having dinner in. There is also Trader Joe's, Whole Foods and several other markets within walking distance too if you need to pick up a few essentials. Every visit to this hotel, I have had dinner/drinks at Olives (located next to the lobby of the hotel). Food and service is excellent and I always enjoy the cheese plate. I actually prefer staying on this side of town, a little more mellow than midtown. Our room was on a lower level this time around and the noise was a concern because I'm a light sleeper. However, it was not bad and did not have any trouble sleeping, thanks to the heavenly bed. I can't wait for my next trip.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great Location - Brilliant Atmosphere	Just returned from a 4 night stay. This was our fist tip to NYC and we loved it ! Our &quot;wonderful&quot; room was on the 16th floor. Very spacious (compared to a London hotel) the most comfortable king size bed, no noise from the street or other rooms. Lovely bathroom, was great to have a shower in the morning with sun streaming through the glass brick wall. Hot water did take a while to warm up. There was no safe in the room when we arrived but this was soon sorted. Well stocked minibar and snack box but well over priced. Better of buying beer etc. from the deli next door.Union Square is a great base. Always something going on in the park, markets, street entertainers etc. and right next to a subway station. 5 mins walk to Flatiron &amp; the village and about 30 to times square. Lots of bars and restaurants in the area. Sidebar round the corner from the hotel had a good happy hour (2 beers $5) Few mins from the Fillmore where we went to see a live band.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great location room and staff	Stayed two nights on free points. I was allowed to check in early, upgraded and to a corner room that was a little larger. Pete's tavern is around the corner, short walk to Chelsea, Soho, The Village and so many great areas. Major subway stop in Union Square, just accross the street. There is a deli next door if you just want to pick up something quick. Staff was friendly and the lady that checked me in remembered me when I went back to the front desk the next day with a question. Bedding and bathroom were great, usualy W standards.	
Jul 13 2009 	Perfect Location	Although it's not in Time's Square, this is a great location. Very close to the subway (which is always a plus) and great restaurants. Our room was facing out towards Filene's Basement, DSW, Whole Foods and the Union Square Park. Our room was large and the bathroom was a nice size too. The beds are very comfortable and the staff was great. My only complaint was that the windows were very thin. We heard all of the construction, garbage men, and cars honking all through the night. Other then that, I would recommend this hotel and I would stay there again. It is a very convenient hotel.	
Jul 7 2009 	Hotel of choice if only the rates didn't vary so much	Very comfortable room, great service. High floors have fantastic view of NYC. Union Square is a great location for walking down to SOHO and the subway. The W has complimentary car service from Acura which was fun and convenient. Glam crowd.	
Jul 4 2009 	Comfortable bed - would stay there again though not a favorite	I was going to New York on business and booked a room for me and another room for members of my family who tra velled with me. The check in process was quick - though I wasn't keen on having to pay up front for the rooms at booking several weeks before.When I got out of the elevator, I didn't like the look of the corridors - the dark carpet looks grim and grubby but I think it's just part of the look they're aiming to achieve.The rooms were good - huge bed, very comfortable. Well equipped bathroom (well, shower room), with good toiletries. As with most hotel rooms these days, if you wanted any light you had to turn all the lamps on - the curtains were tricky to pull open or shut behind the desk.Only there one night but I found it perfectly good. I am not sure about the location - for my work it was fine, but for a tourist, it's a long drag up to Times Square or down to Battery Park.When I had to call ahead to ask the concierge to get my bags ready for me to pick up en route to the airport, I was left on hold for about ten minutes which was maddening - but they got the bags ready for me to pick up by the time the cab got there a few minutes later.One thing which irritated me was when I was pulling up outside, trying to pay the cabbie, a guy who didn't look like a doorman pulled open the cab door. Startled the hell out of me. Was wearing a dark shirt and a baseball cap - for a moment I thought he wanted to get into the cab I was getting out of and it threw me completely. I'm afraid I wasn't particularly courteous to him - I feel the doormen should be dressed a little smarter and at least say &quot;Welcome to the W Hotel&quot; if they open a cab door.All in all - pretty happy with the stay - would recommend.	
Jun 30 2009 	Depends.	Having read the reviews below after my recent stay, I can understand why some would complain... We were here to celebrate a friend's 50th, and if we ended up with the first room they brought us to, for the b-day boy, I would have been really upset. But... lucky for us, they gave him a room already occupied, with someone in the shower! The bellman's said &quot;oops.. we need to get you another room, especially for the guest of honor. This is the type of room people stay in for one night, just passing through.&quot; (It was in the rear/side corner and incredibly dark) Upgrade to a top floor corner room with views. Very nice. And all of our other rooms were impressive, too--very spacious with oversized windows. All bathrooms were huge and nicely appointed. I think the key is to face Union Square on an upper floor. Problem is, not sure you can insure you get those rooms. So I guess it depends on which room you get, whether you'll love it or not.Agree with other comments about the doormen, front desk, and concierge. Poor attitude. Very UNhelpful. Too bad, they make the first and lasting impression at a hotel.The bar is great. Lively. Great drinks. Only drawback is the limited seating and the A/C blasting. Had way too much fun there...!	
Jun 28 2009 	Great Location but price paid was not equal to service and quality	Stayed four nights at the W Union Square. Booked in with the Starwood free weekends promotion so only paid for two of the nights. That said, I felt the stay wasn't worth paying two nights at the 450 dollar rate, much less four. This was my first visit to New York City so I have no other hotels to compare it to but when I have stayed with the Starwood brand at St Regis for half the price I've been treated much better and the accommodations have been nicer.Location: Union Square was a great location. Honestly, I choose to stay with Starwood on this trip because I had earned two free weekend nights and I choose this W because of the location in Union Square.Doorman: These folks were not a very welcoming bunch. I guess I'm just not a hip enough chick for them. I finally got so fed up with the attitude, especially that of Frankie, that I spoke with the manager, if for nothing else but to make me feel better. I don't appreciate getting treated like scum of the Earth. I would ask about the house car and he'd be put out. I'd ask for a direction and he'd be put out. I'd ask if we could get a cab and he'd say sure and motion to the street. he was horrible, but the others were indifferent.Checkin: Was the quickest ever. Just need to see id and credit card, here's your key. No nicey nice-no do you know your way around....nothing. When I was at St Regis Monarch beach last week not only did I pay half the price, even with free nights, but the staff were welcoming and a doorman led me to the room and helped me with my bags.Room: I had called ahead and asked for a quiet room. My husband is a Gold member and we were upgraded to the third tier of rooms-not a suite, a corner room on the 18th. It was quiet the first two nights but the hotel was full on the weekend and you could hear the guests in the room next to us, people talking in the hall, etc. You could also hear tv's, hair dryers, etc. The room was a good size but it was pretty basic. There was nothing special about the bed. I even looked under the sheets and it was just a regular mattress. The sheets were better than standard. The desk and bedside table both had a sticky substance on them.Bathroom: This was quite standard. I was very disappointed with the towels-they were like grungy old gym towels, not luxury or fluffy. There was only one robe so I had to call down and ask for one for my husband. I have a huge pet peeve when there is not soap for both the sink and the bath as was the case. I called down and requested another bar and it was left in the room. They were very stingy with the Bliss bath products. There were two of us and they only gave little bottles once a day. Now it was very hot in New York City. I'd take a shower to get ready in the morning, rinse off at mid day and then shower before bed. We never had enough product but they never replendished at night. WiFi-I'm so sick of WiFi charges in rooms. For the price I paid it should be free! I did go down to the lobby, or as W calls it the living room, and got on the free WiFi. Lobby Bar-I think this is still the part they call the living room. We did have tasty tator tots and drinks there. And the server was nice. HUGE plus!Whenever/Whatever: Or as I like to call it, What a joke. Any time I called they acted like I was putting them out. And I didn't even ask for a bathtub of hot chocolate as the silly W ad states. I just needed simple things, like a toothbrush since I left one behind, a bar of soap for the sink, security to quiet my rowdy neighbors so I could have a decent night sleep, a wakeup call.All in all, the location was great but I wouldn't stay at this property or probably any other W again. I don't need people reminding me that I'm not hip and cool. In fact, I'm prefectly happy that I'm not their target consumer.	
Jun 25 2009 	Nice hotel fantastic location	I stayed at the W with my husband and 14 month old for three days over a recent weekend. I used to live in NY and so was familiar with Union Square, and so selected the W because of its location, which is fantastic. In the area there are great restaurants of all price ranges, from Olives in the hotel lobby, to the food bar immediately next door, to the street vendors selling halal food and fruit. The staff was quite nice, friendly and very helpful. The hotel was modern and trendy like all the Ws. The bar seemed to be a happening spot. The rooms were quite large in comparison to the normal NYC hotel room. The bathroom was also sizable, the beds comfortable, and there is a DVD player and great I-pod docking station with a stereo that has good sound. I loved the Bliss Spa products in the hotel room and the apples and free coffee in reception. My complaints are as follows: a really dark hotel, trendy does not mean that it needs to be dark. We were on the 15th floor with a view to Park Ave South but it was still dark even with the curtains open. No cotton balls, shower caps, etc in the bathroom. They probably would have given it to me if i had asked but i didnt bother. Only one bath robe in the room, even though it is a double. For the first two days there was no garbage can in our bathroom, which was annoying. Again, if i had asked they probably would have brought one. It took them forever to bring us a crib for our daughter. These are nitpicky things, but overall we had a great stay and i like the hotel. My mom is going to stay there in july based on my recommendation.	
Jun 21 2009 	Truly Amazing	I was very surprised how HUGE our room was. For a historical hotel, I really was expecting &quot;cozy&quot;, but the room was huge, the bathroom was huge, it was great! Of course all W standards are there including the wonderful bed, very comfy after long days walking around New York. Great location close to shopping, restaurants and subway station. Looking for a cheap meal try the deli's on both sides of the hotel. The only thing I was disappointed by was the doormen, there wasn't enough of them, I think 9 times out of 10 no one opened the door or greeted us when entering the hotel. Front desk service was excellent. Highly recommend the hotel!	
Jun 13 2009 	W is just as great the second time	I wrote a long review in winter of last year, but having taken a trip to NYC this past week and stayed at the W Union Square again, I wanted to review it again to say it was just as great the second time. We were originally going for one night and had gotten a great rate, and decided to go down a day early. The hotel extended the great rate to us for the additional night as well, even at the very last minute. Once again, the staff was personable, helpful, and professional, and our two dogs were treated great as well. Having the dogs, I usually ask that our room not be cleaned since our dogs are older and someone being there would make them nervous. So when I travel at hotels I try to catch one of the maids to do a towel exchange, etc. At so many other hotels, when I do that I sometimes feel as though they are nickel and diming me like, &quot;So you are giving me two bath towels back, three glasses, and you need just shampoo?&quot; At the W, the maids just brought me a whole new set of towels and amenities, without trying to do an &quot;even exchange&quot;. I actually had way too many towels and left the unused ones on the bench, but I'm sure they probably had to wash them all again, but they weren't concerned. It was so nice that they just make that so easy and smooth. The only hard part with having our dogs (and this has nothing to do with the hotel) is that Union Square park is really busy in the summer, and so it wasn't great to take them there during the day. (The park has a dog run but my dogs being older don't do well with other dogs). So we did find a much smaller area that had some trees about three blocks away. I think it's a challenge in any park in NYC (except Central Park) where the dogs aren't really allowed on the grass. My country dogs had to get used to being city dogs for a couple days, which was an adjustment! :)It was fun to see all the vendors lined up in Union Square Park this time of the year, and again, the W was just a perfect hotel for luxurious comfort, style, and attentive staff. I recommend it now to everyone!	
Jun 8 2009 	Fantastic Location Enormous Room	Most hotels in Union Square are out of budget for our travels to NYC.When the &quot;W&quot; offered a Pay-2,Stay-3 discount, we jumped. Union Square is such a fun area - with open-air markets all year round; Whole Foods, DSW, and tons of great, affordable dining. This hotel is casual but sophisticated, the staff was phenomenal, and the room was elegant and enormous by NYC standards. Beds get A+ for comfort and for beauty. The bathroom was OK. Sink had adequate storage beneath, and superb amenities, including plenty of towels. The shower gets a solid &quot;B&quot;: awesome water pressure and shower head, and it drained like a champ - but the stupid polyester shower curtain wants to cling to the occupant. Yuk. Can't wait until they have another 3-for-2 offering. We'll go back. Maybe by then they'll have installed arc shower rods!	
May 29 2009 	Do not bother bad location staff rude	Staff not very friendly it was like they treated you as you were not good enough to stay there. Rooms tiny no room for suit case. Rooms tiny for New York standard. A big TV at the end of the bed which give you a headache as too big for the room. bathroom was tiny too small to get dressed in there. My friends room they could not even walk past the end of the bed no room and the bathroom door was hanging off. Overpriced for what you got. bad location. better at the wellington hotel which has a better location, prcie , frienlt and good room size. We were only at the W 1 night then went to the Wellington I am so glad we did not choose the W for the whole stay very disappointing as being part of the Sheriton group. It had trouble calling out in my room so I rang the front desk they saidf I do not know what is wrong and hang up. I went to my friends room and used there phone which was ok. they do not even have a public phone in the foyer you have to walk down the street.	
May 13 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Wonderful bed, Amazing service and excellent food and beverage	
May 12 2009 	Best W Hotel in NYC	This was my favorite W Hotel ever in NYC! We've stayed at a few different W Hotels in NYC but this was the best location. It was great for shopping with lots of boutique style shops within walking distance. There were afforadable restaraunts nearby which was great. Also, the subway was close!The hotel rooms are huge! Plenty of space for four women who did a lot of shopping. The lobby atmosphere was great for a few drinks and the staff members were cordial. I think we liked it the most because there were lots of locals, yet enough tourists that you didn't feel like an odd ball :)	
May 6 2009 	really dark rooms!	Nice hotel - excellent location but very dark! I know it is meant to be trendy - but it was really hard to see in the room! Good bar and breakfast though.	
May 1 2009 	Good location nice W	I enjoyed the W Union Square - probably my favoitre W in New York. The room was bigger than the W New York, which was nice. Bar had great drinks, and the staff was very friendly. I would go back.	
Apr 23 2009 	Wonderful Experience	After having searched for the last year or so, we have found our New York hotel and that is the W New York - Union Square.The staff are wonderful and extremely helpful, but also genuinely friendly, which made our stay a delight. The room was fine, it was comfortable and the location right on the square is ideal.	
Apr 20 2009	Wondeful Hotel. Always Treated Well.	Whenever we travel to NYC, which is quite often, we always stay here. Since we are starwood members we always get uprgraded to a suite which is quite spacious for new york city hotels. Love the modern decor and bliss bath products. It is a little loud since it is in Union Square but that's city living. The restaurant Olive's is nice with a great bar scene. We travel withour 3 year old and have been happy with the agency they use for babysitting but it is pricey. Definately recomment.	
Mar 17 2009 	classy hotel on union square	stayed 3 nights; we had booked the hotel using starwood points and because of a mixup we were upgraded upon arrival by chris. never saw the room we were supposed to have, but the upgraded room (room 1812) was dynamite. 15&quot; x 18' without the bathroom, closet and entryway; great view looking south from one window and east from another. king size bed was comfortable, but a little soft for my taste. room had large desk, lounging chair, hidef tv. in room wifi was $17/day (didn't use it). bathroom was large with both a bathtub and enclosed shower. bliss products were appreciated by my wife. reading in bed was difficult as there is no overhead reading lamp. ground level has restaurant- olives, the bar attracts an after work and weekend evening crowd. the basement has underbar- a hot spot. noise, however, was not a problem. room key needed to access elevator floor buttons to your room.	
Feb 26 2009 	Promises Kept...Promises Broken	I was traveling with a friend for a &quot;girls&quot; weekend. They used points for the hotel, so I cannot comment on the value, but, we were given amazing perks. W lived up to its promise. We were each given a huge goodie bag of Bliss bath products, in addition to the ones in the room already, FYI...the same would have cost about $50 @ Sephoria across the street. Than we went for a walk to Filene's Basement (yes the one that has the run of the brides). Upon our return there was a bottle of Sophia sparkling wine for us to drink (not to be greedy, but I wish there were snacks as well). The beds were amazing. Now, our only issue was they have a free Acura promise, but that night for some reason the Acura driver took off and never came back. I dont know why, but, no one had his cell number to find out why, nor were they consirned that he left with an Acura, go figure. All the same, the night was nice and we walked the 10 or so blocks to dinner. Oh, btw, the Acura returned the next morning and we were able to use it to go to the Empire State Building and later in the day to Penn Station. We did not eat there, as my friend wanted to eat brunch at Freind of a Farmer. So, I cannot comment on the food. There was one door man who was just as nice as could be (though I cannot remember his name) and another (heavy set gentleman who made it seem like we were a bother). We were granted late check out (4pm) and than they stored our bags for us while we went out to dinner. Again we ate off property at Rosa Mexicano. I wish I could have stayed longer, but, back to reality.	
Feb 12 2009 	Nice room good location.	Great location, room was big! A bit of a draft, so the room was a little cold, but all in all, really nice.	
Dec 31 2008 	W Union Square - not very Wonderful	We have stayed at many W hotels, dozens of times, and this particular visit was the only time we were met with so much disappointment.While the decor of the hotel was quite hip, and the location was very good, the service was really lacking. Here are some examples: -- We checked in at 6:30 pm after a long day of travel and our room was not ready!! it still hadn't been cleaned! -- The next day, we were gone from 9am until 5pm, and when we returned after a long day of sightseeing, our room had not been cleaned. -- turn down service was only offered once on a four-night stay. -- we had 2 non-smoking rooms, and of the rooms reeked of cigarette smoke. they kept saying they would put some kind of filter in it to clear it up, but they kept forgetting, and didn't do it until the 4th of day of our stay. -- we decided to eat breakfast one morning at the the hotel restaurant -- OLIVES. Six of us ordered cereals, granola, and bagels at 9:15 am. (nothing that to be cooked) I told the waiter we had to be OUT of the restaurant by 10, and at at 9:50 our food still had not arrived. When we complained, it came in shifts, and it was not even correct. -- the construction in Union Square began with jackhammers at 7am. it sounded like someone was tapping a fork really loud on your bedside table, and we were on the 17th floor!	
Dec 18 2008 	The most character of any W	A quick one-night stay with my wife to enjoy the winter in NYC - as an SPG Platinum member, I was thrilled to receive an upgrade to a nicely appointed, cozy, corner suite. I finally got to use the Acura service to get to breakfast, and had no questions asked for the late checkout I requested. I'd definitely stay here again over the W TS and certainly over the W on lex.	
Oct 20 2008 	Style but little substance	I stayed at the W this summer for a 'girls' night out.' Boy was this a stay... The good stuff first: it's a gorgeous place, the decor is unbelievable, and you're right in the middle of everything. The bed is also insanely comfortable. The praise ends here. The famous W customer service was very spotty for us - some staff members were great, some looked like we were bothering them. The room was small, narrow and dusty. One of the towels was FRAYED and had threads hanging off of it. I have seen better towels in motels. The gym is small but adequate, and the room service food was actually surprisingly decent. Save yourself a trip to the Underbar, a very pretentious lounge in the basement of the hotel - the decor is ugly, the staff not friendly, and the drinks bad and overpriced. If you are ready to spend this kind of money on a hotel room, you need to decide if you want service or a pretty place. Because the W is the latter but sadly not the former. Oh, and try the Flute lounge a couple of blocks away - a great champagne lounge and a wonderful bartender that makes phenomenal mixed drinks that taste even better than their names would suggest.	
Oct 8 2008 	fantastic suite!	I just came back from W ny union square. It was a fantastic experience.I stayed in a fantastic suite room which is quite expensive room for 6nights. As it costs, It was really really fantastic room! the room is large, devided into kind of 2 room with a beautiful bath room. the living room has 2 huge couch, 1 large confy chair, a large desk, a large flat TV and a large working dsk with a printer and a flower. the bed room has a flat tv and 1 king bed. there were large windows that I could look down union square in both room and the bathroom. I love the cafe in the street level,too. All the ppl staying there look very stylish as the hotel is:) Everything is perfect. all stuff are very helpful, friendly and nice! I would definitely stay there again!	
Sep 9 2008 	Fabulous service	From the moment we arrived at the W in Union Square we had a great experience. Everyone made our honeymoon so memorable. We were upgraded to an amazing suite, came back from dinner to a nice bottle of Champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. Vince at the front door was so awesome to deal with. He helped us get to the giants game by giving us directions on what trains and buses to take, make recommendations on how to get to places and even where we could buy beer.The room was huge and the bathroom very clean and large as well. We never heard anyone in the hallways, rarely did we ever even run into others staying on the floor.We will go back to NY for sure, and I`m almost certain we`ll stay at this hotel again!	
Sep 8 2008 	Disappointing for the cost	Reservation was made for me by others. I was schocked at the price ( &gt;$500 with tax even when prepaid via internet) and expected elegance . Checkin was efficient and mechanical. Room was adequate - but no larger than a standard Hampton-Holiday Inn, Sheration , etc. Decorated in modern chrome and wood. No in room coffee pot - but It did have an IPOD docking station - I do not have an IPOD. Desk was against the one window and therefore it was very difficult (impossible without moving the heavy desk) to open the drapes and look out on Union Square or get natural light into the room. BUT the real annoying aspect was not revealed until the morning when I took a shower - there was mold growing in everal places in the shower grout ! UGH! Also the toilet seat was not screwed tight - I fixed that . Should I have to do that I and have mold in the shower in a $500 per night hotel room.!!!!!I will not stay here again and will not reccomend it to others.	
Sep 7 2008 	Loved this W and can't wait to go back!	I have tried to stay at this W before but it is often sold out or the prices get into the 600 dollar range and I know I can get more for my money elsewhere. I finally stayed here for the first time in August. I had a great stay start to finish. The front desk staff is awesome, very welcoming, and accomodating. As an SPG Gold member I got upgraded to a Mega Room. Room was a nice size and we even had a rollaway that fit fine. Only glitch was when the bachelorette party started with their stripper next door in the midst of an afternoon nap. We notified the hotel and they took care of it immediately. Security could be heard telling the women in the next room that if they had to come back that the group wouldn't be staying at the hotel much longer. The noise, hooping, and hollering stopped immediately. The rooms are beyond comfortable. The location was great. Could hop the subway to go anywhere easily. Tons of restaurants, bars, stores nearby. The hotel lobby bar is a great place to relax in the afternoon. Great people watching at night and if you like talking to strangers from around the world its a fun place to do it. If you want a high energy hotel with comfortable restful rooms in a great location.... I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 31 2008	Same W nonsense even higher price tag	As I was sitting in a very large, very expensive ($600+) room at the W Union Square I looked around at the pallid, sparse furnishings and decided this was the last W I would be visiting. Did all the furniture break during a party? Or was there never any there to begin with? At least a Holiday Inn will normally provide two chairs so guests can comfortably chat.  At any W it's all about profit (you know you get the feeling you're doing them a favor by staying there) and in this huge room I had ONE chair. Unbelievable. It was just representative of the complete lack of passion or real investment in these truly mediocre hotels.	
Aug 27 2008 	All About Service	When The Westin Times Square was completely booked, we were more than a little disappointed that we wouldn't be able to stay at our favorite hotel during our NYC visit. Upon a suggestion from one of the reservationists at the Westin, we booked into The W Union Square. From the moment we checked in until the moment we checked out, every staff member did their best to welcome and pamper us. Even when we threw a curve ball of requesting three rooms together and checking in early, they bent over backwards to accomodate us - calling us to update us on the status while we were out shopping; moving luggage out of three rooms while we were gone and into the three new rooms; making sure we were happy with the rooms once we returned from shopping. Great experience!Pros: Out of the traffic congestion; attentive staff; intimate, smaller hotel atmosphere; historic neighborhoodCons: Taxi or subway to get to most attractions vs. walking; city noise audible in rooms; chic bar adjacent to lobby so partying at nite, but not bothersome in your room	
Aug 20 2008 	Great but overpriced	Stayed 3 nights in april 08. Hotel was booked for a business outing at 550$/night. Room was extremely well appointed and quite large, wonderful bathroom. Staff was nice and I really have no major complaints other than the price (which is probably not out of line for New York) but I don't feel it was really worth it. Pros: clean, luxuriously renovated rooms, competent staff. Cons: paying wifi (16$/day) and shampoo/soap... At 500$ + per night this W could offer a 2 ounce bottle of shampoo to their customers...	
Aug 17 2008 	Very disappointed at the W	I never write reviews but feel compelled to after our horrible stay at the W. The first room they put us in smelled terrible, so they moved us to another room, which smelled fine. Later that night, a strong smell of cigarette smoke started wafting in through the air vents, despite our being on a non-smoking floor. The staff's first suggestion (at 10:30 pm) was for us to leave the room for half an hour while they &quot;purified&quot; the air. Ultimately, they moved us to another room, but it took about an hour for them to pull that together. Once we were settled in the new room at around 11:30 pm, the front desk called to say we had a package at the front desk that was going to be delivered to our room. Turns out it was not a package for us. Ten minutes later, we got another call saying that someone was coming to pick up the misdelivered package. When we got our bill, you can imagine how pleased we were to see that they not only didn't compensate us for any inconvenience, but they actually overcharged us for the room by $30 and charged us for movies we never ordered. Great location, but will never stay there again.	
Aug 17 2008 	Nice hotel not your ordinary W	We had a nice stay at the W. The hotel is not laid out like a normal W. It has more light and not the groovy ambiance of what I expect from W hotels. The location is great. Sort of in the center of Manhattan. Lots of restaurants and shops and a short walk to Greenwich Village. On Saturdays there is a green market at Union Square which is pretty amazing. The bar downstairs always seems to have a lot people. We had a mega room which is bigger than their standard room, so room size was not an issue. The first room we had was showing some wear an tear. We had to move because apparently some one had gotten sick on the carpet and the smell was lingering. The front desk was very nice and moved us immediately. Our second room was in very good condition. There was nothing spectacular about the decor. Very standard earth earth tones. The bed was very comfortable. We had no problems with the service and would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 10 2008 	Utter rubbish	The hotel occupies a historical building of some insurance company, which means they are stuck with the layouts of the original offices. Room sizes are on the smaller side, but they are ok. The biggest problem is that the las refurbishment the hotel has done was about 8 years ago, which means the interior is really tired.The service is excellent, but it does not make up for the crappy rooms.Basically, we booked the hotel for a week and left the next day. Again, thanks to the fantastic service, they did not rip us off for the penalties, which I am thankful to them, since the rooms where so bad, we would have moved out regardless, whether they would play the ball or not.	
Jul 23 2008 	going back	best bed ever. pleasant new york staff. great location. well run. can't wait to go back for a third time!	
Jul 18 2008 	All hype. Nothing unique.	We paid $469/night. The staff were polite. The rooms and lobby were relatively clean and small. There was nothing special about the decor in the rooms. No complimentary internet, coffee/tea in the room. However there was a complimentary juice dispenser with a stack of tiny little plastic cups (the kind you use to gargle with at the dentist) in the lobby. My friends whose rooms faced Union Square complained that it was too nosy and they couldn't sleep. Not worth it. It's all hype.	
Jul 13 2008 	Very Pleasant Stay at the W	We loved our stay at the W Union Square. We stayed two nights July 1 and 2. The staff was great. The bed was very comfortable and we had a nice view of Union Square. Construction noise on Union square started early, but we were up anyway.	
Jul 7 2008 	Fabulous lobby tiny rom	First, let me say that I LOVE W Hotels! Everything about them (for the most part) is FABULOUS...the design, the decor, the lobbies are all chic, chic, chic. However, I was so dissapointed when I checked into my room at this property. My room was the tiniest thing known to man... I think it was designed for Papa Smurf. Now, I've traveled to NYC before, and I know all about the notoriously small hotel rooms there, but this prior knowledge did not prepare me for my stay at the W. Imagine a Queen size bed...now draw a line around it about 1 foot out from the bed (on all sides) and that's about how big the entire room was.Getting beyond the fact of its size, the room was very dimly lit and and just didn't seem to be welcoming or inviting at all. I REALLY wanted to like it though, but I just couldn't. Sorry W. I'm glad I only slept there for 2 nights.The saving grace here was the awesome Front Desk staff, the happening lobby bar scene each night and the amazing restaurant.	
Jul 6 2008 	Good Location 	Four nights at end of May into early June for roughly $350/night through travel agent for an upgraded, nice &quot;spectacular room&quot; (Starwood labeling). Very good value, have stayed here before, will again but not for more than ~ $450/night.Bellman - helpful, efficient.Lobby - slightly cramped.Check in - computer down and given someone else's room, problem quickly rectified.Three elevators - cramped and older, but never too long of a wait.Room - good size, no obvious signs of wear.Service - extra towels brought within minutes of call.Location - close to shopping and metro.	
Jun 3 2008 	Nice stay at the W	We stayed here one Sunday night and were upgraded to a larger room upon our arrival. Not sure if this was because I'm an SPG member. The check-in area is relatively small, but they do have a nice seating area off to the side that ties in with the hotel bar.Check in was fast and friendly and you can play with the funky grass decor they've decided to spread around the check-in desk.We were near the top floor, and having stayed at other NYC hotels, the room size was generous. Nice bed, flat screen TV, large bathroom, clean.Really there were only 2 drawbacks: 1. Our view out both windows was blocked by a stone railing that went around the building. You had to stand on a chair to see over it.2. Internet access was something like $14.95. In this day and age of free access at some much cheaper places, this was a drawback.We would certainly stay here again. Liked the location near Greenwich Village.	
May 30 2008 	Forgetful Staff. Great Location	We arrived early Saturday morning and were lucky to get an executive check-in for the Mega Room, which was not SO mega.. but nice. Being able to check in at 7am was a HUGE plus for us, especially after our red-eye flight. My gf attempted to surprise me with champagne and strawberries 2x, but the ball was dropped both times and they forgot to bring it while we were out to dinner.. so they brought us 2 bottles of water.. big whoop. The maids never actually CLEANED our room. While they made our bed, every single glass/empty water bottle/champagne (that we had to go out and buy) was left. Our room was beginning to look like the aftermath of a frat house party. Only when I emptied the contents of our room into the middle of the hall, were they picked up. We were also constantly bothered by pestering maids, hotel staff and wake-up calls we didn't set up at 5am. They would stop by the room every 30 minutes.... ridiculous. It didn't end when we checked out. I left an expensive black belt in the room and when I returned home, I called to have it shipped to me.. but to my surprise, they didn't find anything in the room! I'm sure the maid's son just got a fine piece of leather.The location was great, staff not the sharpest tool in the shed, bartender from the bronx is awesome, extremely loud music from the bar SHOOK our room til 2am.. thank God we were up.I wouldn't stay here again.. I've had GREAT service at every other W, but this was the worst...by far.	
May 26 2008 	Nothing special	Considering the pricetag, we were disapponted in this hotel.The pluses were the courteous staff and the fact that the hotel was neat the clean. The hotel also required a room card to use the elevator. Not a bad securty measure. The bar located off the lobby served a really good white sangria The minus was that the room was quite small and not much of a view. The room was meant to house only one person not two. We had a difficult time moving around each other while getting dressed. There was only one comfortable chair in the room. The room only had a shower, no bath tub. This is definately not a kid friendly place. The lobby was also small and the seating seemed to be in constant use. The location is a good one during the day. Itis close to a number of NYU facilities. There have been some issues involing violence in Union square recently. The price to value ratio is the primary reason for the lower rankingIf you are thinking about holding a catered event at the hotel, I would think twice. The event we attended had an open bar but not enough bartenders. The hor dov's were brought out on small plates that only held 12 hov dov's. They were passed around by the waiters. The waiters and their tiny little trays barely made it into the room before all of the food was grabbed up by the staving crowd. They also took a long time between bringing out additional plate of food. I gave the impression that the waiter may have been preparing the food.  There were over 100 people attending the event, some were elderly. There was inadequate seating provided for older guests (people in thier 80's) . The food severed for dinner ranged from poor to adequate. An asparagus rissoto was a pasty lump and filet was nicely cooked but not very flavorful. The desert was OK but nothing special.	
May 7 2008 	Great Location	As a first timer to the big apple, I wanted to be central to everything and Union Square was the place to be.RESERVATIONS/CHECK-IN/CHECK-OUT:This is the worst part of my stay. There were some glitches were due to some circumstances, I had to postpone my stay from January to May. I had booked online via their website a deal where if you buy two nights you get the third free. Perfect! When I learned that I would not be able to make my original trip, I called the hotel---I had to call 10 times to get a manager--when I got a hold of the manager, they told me, no problem and moved my reservation. This was 4 months before my arrival. One week prior to arrival, I called to confirm my reservation. I was not anywhere in their system. I sat on hold for 30 minutes while they tried to find me. Finally, somehow, my starwood preferred guest program booked me under my maiden name. Fine, no big deal. I have a room over looking the park, right? I was assured I would. I called day of arrival to let them know my flight was delayed, but I would be there between 11-12 so to please hold me room. I was once again told no problem. When I arrived at 12am, I was told they were completely sold out and that I would in-fact not get my room. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I was tired and I said I didn't care, just put me in a room and we'll figure it out in the morning. I was assured that I would get compensated for my trouble because they did note that I had called and said I would be there. Upon check out, I checked my bill and saw no compensation and some other charges that I couldn't figure out. I spent a half hour at the front desk straightening out my bill, but finally got it squared away.ROOM:I had a mega room (on my second and third night) which is the largest below a suite. It was very large and spacious with views over looking the city below. (we were on the 19th floor). I didn't hear any street traffic or people in their rooms. Every once and a while I could hear people in the hallway, but only if they were loud. The bathrooms were very large with a separate tub and shower. The robes were soft and luxurious and there were bliss amenities. A large flat panel TV and a docking station for my ipod/iphone. The beds were comfortable and the linens were soft. The cleaning staff didn't bang on our door early in the morning, but we were out of our room by 10:30 am. *I was a little surprised to see that the hallways leading to the rooms were stained. This is the only part that I thought needed improvement*RESTAURANT/BAR:These were swanky and attached to celebrity names Todd English and Randy Gerber. The lounge area was always packed with those wanting to see and be seen. They poor stiff drinks, so be careful! I got tipsy pretty fast! The food at Olives was good. Ultra modern decor with white square plates, exotic plants, straight lines, crisp linens (you get the idea) we only ate breakfast there, but the service was great as was the food. Fresh baked bread for my toast. Warm eggs, crisp bacon.LOCATION:This is central to everywhere you want to be in NYC. You are close to Greenwich Village, Soho, East Village, Tribeca, the Meat Packing district and just a few stops on the subway to Times Square and Central Park. If you have time, go to Supper in the East Village, the best little Italian joint (It's cash only though) There is a Starbucks, Barnes &amp; Noble, Whole Foods and everything you may possible need within a two block radius of the hotel. OVERALL:A great, comfortable stay and an even better location. Hopefully next time I come back I will not have the same problems with check in/check out. But, I would definitely come back and would recommend this hotel to hip, modern couples without children. I think the noise and loud music may be a little too much for families. They also allow dogs, if you need to travel with your pooch.	
Jan 19 2008 	Not too keen on this W	I returned to this hotel after a 3 year absence. last time I went on business but this time I was with my wife and kids for a vacation.Sadly it didnt really suit.The hotel is generally too dark, the rooms are so dark its a struggle to read especially as one bedside lamp was broken and espite continued requests for a replacement, one was not forthcoming.The biggest disappointment though was the lobby bar, it was full of non hotel guests. Everyday we would want to come back from a trip out, and wanted to have a drink at the bar but it was full up. That is bad - you stay at a hotel for many reasons one is for its ammenities and the bar is usual high up the iist of important facilities and we couldnt use it.On Christmas Eve a note was put through our room to say that the bar and restaurnt would be closed on Christmas Day, IMHO that is disgraceful. Its a hotel for goodness sake - where did they expect us to take our kids for breakfast and with n proper notice.I wont go back - the London NYC is a far better option and we had a great stay there a few months prior.	
Jan 18 2008 	Gross	When we got to the room it wreaked of cigarette smoke, even though it was a non-smoking room. After complaining to the front desk, they claimed that the hotel was completely booked and they could not move us. They put a machine in our room while we were out at dinner that they claimed would clear out the bad smell. However, upon returning to the room, it was still terrible. Besides this, the air conditioning was broken in the room and the room was sweltering! The shower curtain had a weird yellow stain across it, and overall the room felt unkempt. We felt for all that we were inconvenienced we should have been compensated in some manner or been apologized to, but the W did not seem to care. Will never stay here again.	
Jan 10 2008 	Hotel was ok but way too "urban hipster" for my taste.	As hotels go the W is pretty good. I had a great experience with the staff, they were friendly and helpful without being either over officious or haughty. The room was ok - pretty clean, average room decor. My problem was with the overall atmosphere of the hotel. This is not somewhere to stay if you are there for business. The noise in the lobby was overwhelming; they blasted the most laughably horrid techno dance music at all hours, which was not particularly enticing when I had to wait for people in the lobby at 9am on Sunday. It wasn't at all enticing on Saturday night. It was just annoying. And the decor screams &quot;trying too hard to look hip&quot; - the whole design is just overdone. I met a friend of one of the designers while in town and got an earful about the &quot;corset&quot; lampshades in the lobby and I have to say that they were too subtle to even be noticed. Overall, the hotel looks like a mishmash of someone's idea of hip decor. The W designers just tried way, way too hard. The main problem most people have with all of the W hotels is the bizarre lighting. For some reason they like to keep their hotels dark. Dark lobby, dark hallways, dark rooms, dark, dark, dark. Again, this is not the place for a business trip, if the meeting-preventing lobby racket doesn't deter you, the gloom (sorry, mood lighting) probably will. This is not a place to get work done. I was in NY for pleasure, and I found this hotel really distracting and annoying. I just don't get what the hotel is going for: Why the calming lighting but loud jarring muzak blaring 24/7? Why the sweet little patches of grass on the front desk but nightmare before Christmas lights? And can we dust the DIY-looking flower lights in the lobby once in a while? And while the lights are dusted can we hose off the plastic plants? The whole lobby looks a little worn out from all the nighttime partying going on downstairs. If you ask me, you can go to a hundred other hotels in NY that won't cost as much and won't be as god-awful annoying. If you are a tourist, it really doesn't give you a &quot;NY hotel&quot; feeling, it feels like it could be anywhere. The closest similarity in overall design and feel that I've encountered was a hotel I stayed at in Berlin in the late 80s. - That's it! It's just like Berlin in the 80s!	
Jan 7 2008 	Will be going back!	I most recently stayed at the W in Union Square for a one night visit to celebrate my boyfriends birthday. I received the best customer service I have ever experienced from any hotel. The trip started with me working with guest services to do a few special things to the room before we arrived. The Hotel was wonderful to work with. They were friendly and helpful from the date of booking through check out. Beyond customer service, the rooms are great! Very clean, spacious and accommodating.We also enjoyed drinks and dinner at the hotel lounge and restaurant, Olives. Both the lounge and restaurant were great. Very friendly people, great service and excellent food and drink.This was my first stay at the W and I will definitely be going back. Already looking to book a room for my next trip.	
Jan 3 2008 	W stands for Wonderful	A coworker and I went to Manhattan on business. From the moment we walked in the front door we were treated like royalty. The lady at check-in was so amazed that I'd be staying for 6 nights, she signed me up for the Starwood Advantage program, which should eventually get me a free hotel stay or two. Whoever checked in my coworker didn't do this, however.The elevators are so ridiculously tiny, you'll find yourself violating strangers' personal space with regularity as you reach around their waist to press your room number. If you see two people already in the elevator, wait for the next one, especially if you have bags.Our rooms seemed large for New York, yet were furnished in dark, warm, colors, which made me feel calm and cozy. All of the touches were just right, from the W CD in the CD player to the sliding glass bathroom door.The temperature was just right and never needed to be adjusted once I set it to 69F. The curtains were fairly difficult to open and close, as they were about 12 feet tall and didn't have any way to open or close them other than yanking them back and forth. But I got good light in my room once they were open.My coworker complained of loud street noises in his room. But I didn't have any such problem, plus I wore earplugs.The TV in the room was really annoying because it took about 5-10 seconds between changing each channel for it to actually show the channel. Oh well.The room was clean and kept clean by the staff. The bathroom was clean and quite large. The water pressure was excellent and hot water immediate. The water pressure in the sink was so high that it would splash all over you if you turned it on full blast.We went to the Underbar through the &quot;VIP&quot; entrance in the basement. It was a nice spot, if you consider a $12 gin and tonic reasonable.I used the gym daily. It was spotless, well equipped, and had free water, magazines, and apples.The lobby of the hotel is lovely. The concierge recommended good restaurants to us. What more can I say but that this place was a joy to stay at?	
Jan 3 2008 	Fab location and comfy bed	You can not beat the location! As former New Yorker, union square is perfect for doing business mid town as well as having fun down town. Hotel has 2 bars, which make it very convenient for meeting friends post work. Subway is less than 1 minute away (walking distance) and for atmosphere, there is an outdoor market on Wednesday. Room itself is small, but this is New York so not surprising. Bed is large and toiletries are Bliss, which are fab. Service was good - no issues but no specific stories of excellence. I would stay here again and recommend to friends.	
Jan 2 2008 	Nice Stay - Met Expectations	Recently stayed one night at the W Hotel in one of their least expensive rooms (which, during the holidays, meant $349/night). We loved this hotel's location in Union Square and knew that we'd be getting good service and a nice, modern room when going with the W chain. In that sense, the hotel totally met our expectations. The Room (A-) Bed was truly &quot;heavenly&quot; as they like to call it. We requested the highest available floor and they put us directly below the Penthouse (nice that they were paying attention to my internet request). The view is pretty nice from up there. By NYC standards, this was an average to above-average sized room. Nice modern decor, clean, with a large flat-screen TV and DVD player. The bathroom door was a slider and you could hear everything from either side - that is probably the only con. Well, that and the price, which I thought was a little steep when you add $50 in taxes and parking charges, which I will get to... The Service (A+) They have a &quot;Whatever, Whenever&quot; motto and encourage you to request anything you might need. We took them up on this, as we had our wedding cake topper (1 year anniversary), but no plates or utensils to eat it with. We called down (and were greeted by name), and - no joke - in less than 2 minutes they were there with everything we needed. The concierge was very helpful during our stay as well. Added Fees (C-) They charge $60 a night for parking. This is valet service, but I asked if you bring your car to the garage yourself if it would be the same charge - it would. This is high for overnight parking, IMO, even for New York (where I have lived and parked overnight many times). As I mentioned earlier a $349 room is actually $400 with taxes. We did not order any, but I noticed that room service charges were a bit exorbitant and the one-hour massage costs $150 (I'm used to $100-120, again I am talking avg NYC prices). So... with great service and style comes higher prices. I guess that should be no big surprise, but just wanted to paint a complete picture for you. We really did enjoy our stay and I would recommend this hotel to anyone (well, maybe not families - the hotel has much more of an adult vibe to it).	
Dec 25 2007 	Nice	My sister and I stayed at the W for 2 nights mid December for our birthday weekend. I have some positive as well as some negative comments to report. Lets start with the positives....The hotel is beautiful and nicely appointed. We arrived a few hours early, were accomodated immediately and upgraded to a larger room. Very impressed! The room was huge, on the 19th floor, and nicely decorated. Our bathroom was large with a seperate shower/tub and BLISS products, which are great! The room was noisy, but its NYC! The location of the hotel is perfect! Many great restaurants close by, Rosa Mexicano (guacamole made at your table), City Bakery (great bfast/choc chip cookies), Maxi's (Kobe hot dogs/fried cookie dough dessert), excellent food! The union square market is nice, many vendors featuring food, gifts etc. Also walking distance to many shops including the SOHO area. Lombardi's is great for Pizza! The subway is very close and the taxi's are plentiful.Okay, here are the negatives...the staff seemed a bit too pretentious for us. Many of them seemed &quot;bothered&quot; performing their required duties. However, the doorman on sunday was excellent-very helpful- and housekeeping during our stay as well. For &quot;several&quot; hundred dollars a night, I definately expected a higher quality of service. On check-in, I realized the concierge had written down a quote for the room approx $100.00 more than I agreed to online. Although, he did apologize and correct it when brought to his attention. The living room bar was extremely crowded each night, we ended up leaving and going elsewhere for a drink. The &quot;Underbar&quot; club is very dull, dark and boring patrons, but a great DJ and bartenders. The day of check out I recieved my bill with a room service charge we did not use. I called the desk and was told accounting was closed and it would be a couple days before fixing my bill. Thankfully someone with more experience was able to credit my account that day. I find it interesting this seems to be an issue with many guests staying here.All in all, we had an amazing time! However, we will probably stay elsewhere next time we visit NYC.P.S. Allstate car service to and from the airport was excellent!	
Dec 16 2007 	Nice stylish hotel	My hsuband and I stayed at the W Union Square for 2 nights for a weekend in the city (we live in Bergen County, NJ) for a getaway from the kids. The hotel is very stylish with courteous staff. Our room was gigantic, and not by only Manhattan standards. It was huge by hotel standards. We got a king room up on the 14th floor. We origianlly booked a suite, but they all face the busy street, and the canyon effect in NYC is bad with the sirens and traffic all night. Too bad: the suites are gorgeous, but I like sleeping soundly better.The location is perfect for the weekend farmers market (its right on the square), and for access to the subway (walk 1 minute to the station). You can get anywhere from here and Union Square is a great neighborhood in and of itself. Absolute perfect location.Overall would recommend to others and stay here again.	
Dec 14 2007 	Not My Idea of Cool	This was a one-night impromtu stay, my flight back to Paris having been cancelled at the last minute, I felt lucky to find a decent place to stay in busy NYC.Reservation over the phone went well, for a King room (whatever stupid name they may call it) on the top floor. When I actually turned up 10 minutes later, the top floor had changed into a 4 th floor. I traded it for a double room on the 14th (1407), upgraded or sa I was told.However, all-in-all check-in was efficient and prompt, despite a blaring music, that also blared in the elvators.Very quiet despite being right across the elevators, and right over Union Square. Tha main noise was actually the wind whistling through both window frames.This was my second stay in a W, previous being San Francisco. It is less cool than San Francisco. Rooms are ok, slightly worn : he heavenly bed is there, but it should be changed. Carpets look old. , and the bathrooms have clearly been re-used from the previous hotel in the buiding. Not even close to trendy. But they work, which is the least thet can do, with poor water pressure in the shower. I remembered great Aveda toiletries, and they are now Bliss, totally unattractive in style.Bar area was dark, music blaring again.Overnight laundry was good, and right on time, eventhough I had cheked in past the time.I tried to have breakfast downstairs at 9.30 am, but no seating was available, and I was requested to ask for 15 minutes, which I did not care of. I ordered from room service. I am not one to discuss prices, but they were extortionate : large orange juice, coffee, one single bagel and a side of smoked salmon set me back $50, which I found steep, evethough they were truly delicious. After checking the menu, I realised that the cream cheese had not made it to the room, and the salmon had been charged three times. I stated this at c/out, and they removed more than they should have at once.The bellman looked like he could not be bothered when I requested my 3 small pieces of luggage to be stroed for the day. Also the guys hopping taxis seemed to prefer discussing tips and enjoying themselves rather than opening the doors and actually hopping taxis. As often in NYC, the attitude issue stays with the lowest employees, and I am easy goiongand rather friendly.	
Dec 12 2007 	Winning me over	I'm not a huge fan of the W Hotel chain. Although I travel and love great hotels, the brand seems a little &quot;too hip&quot; for me. I don't know why, because it's a perfectly nice and approachable hotel. Room size, bed, linens, shower, decor -- they are great. There's also a playful tone in some of their in room materials -- extra toilet paper roll that's labeled &quot;just in case&quot;. It's unexpected.And there's the proximity to some terrific Union Square food venues. I'd much rather be in this part of Manhattan than the more touristier mid town / Times Square areas (where most hotels are). Just a more authentic slice of NY.	
Dec 2 2007 	Best W in NYC!	I stayed here for the last weekend of November. The location is great. It's right in the middle of Union Square (which is my favorite neighborhood in the city). I frequent the W's in NYC and I've stayed at W Tuscany, W New York (never stay at this on) and W Times Square in NYC and the W Union Square is head and shoulders above them all.It's not as trendy as the W Times Square and has a little bit of a Westin/St. Regis feel but it is very comfortable. I had a mega room on the 12th floor and really loved it. It was large, shiek and clean. Not extremely modern but more of a sophisticated decor. This hotel ranks as my favorite hotel in NYC.Great location, Extremely friendly staff and Sophisticated Decor.	
Nov 22 2007 	Wow - the W union square has really elevated their service!	An absolutely great stay. The hotel, while no longer looking cutting edge n the decor department, is still spotless with very, very comfortable rooms. The highlight of the stay however was how much this W has elevated its service - even better than many recent stays at four seasons, ritz carlton, etc. The staff consistently went beyond the call of duty, meeting even unusual requests quickly and cheerfully. Dinner reservations requested through the concierge were efficiently carried out with typewritten confirmations and directions appearing under the room door minutes later. On our last night, we were amazingly surprised to have glasses of champagne appear at our table with our server smiling and saying &quot;compliments of your hotel&quot;. I can't say how impressed I was and i will definitely be back!	
Oct 29 2007 	Fantastic Stay	The W Hotel in Union Square is an Oasis in NYC! All of our expectations were exceeded during our brief, one night stay in NYC. The staff is attentive and courteous, the decor is muted, yet modern, and the overall experience was one of upscale relaxation.We booked a &quot;mega-room&quot;, which is the hotel's midsize room. It was generous, with 15 foot ceilings, flat screen TV, DVD player ...etc Linens and bath ameneties were top shelf, and the room was surprisingly quiet despite being over Park Ave and across from the elevators.I requested some wine and cheese prior to our arrival, and it arrived immediately upon check-in, and was complimentary at that! I requested a red rose as well, and it was placed across the bed with a dozen others in a vase to continue the theme.The lobby bar and restaurant were very comfortable - made you want to settle-in and forget the rest of the city. The night spot (The Under Bar) was a little lound and young for a couple in their 40's, but we were very happy in the lobby bar.The hotel may seem pricey, but if you're going to New York you need to loosen the wallet and resign yourself to everything costing more. Money spent at the W is well worth the investment!	
Oct 25 2007 	Sneaky Charges on my Bill	I've stayed at many W hotels, I have always had non-smoking rooms. A week after my stay, I noticed a $150 charge on my bill so I called and inquired. They told me they smelled smoke so I must've been smoking in my room and I was charged for it. The hotel accountant told me &quot;you must've been caught smoking&quot;, which wasn't the truth either. I'm not a smoker, never have been, and personally find it disgusting, but it's their word against mine now and they are getting $150 off me!!!! I'm furious about this and have disputed it with my credit card company. They can't make a quick buck off me like that, they already charge enough to stay there per night. Such a disappointment, check your bills after you checkout everyone!!!	
Oct 22 2007 	Feels like Home	Have stayed here around 6 or 7 times and it's always consistent. Service is excellent and fast. Always the best check in. The lobby bar is one of my favorite spots in the city for cocktails and hor d'vouers. The same bar tenders every visit. Also the Underbar is a great place for drinks and fun music -- thirty something crowd . Just a very comfortable hotel. Extremely comfortable beds! Typical W decor but the rooms at this location are larger than the mid-town location. Great surrounding area -- not touristy at all. Subway is nearby and also easy to get cabs at hotel. Would highly recommend.	
Oct 17 2007 	Best hotel experience I've ever had and I've had a lot	I'll start by saying that I travel a lot and have probably stayed in about 400 hotel rooms in the last four years. My stay at the W Union Square was by far the best experience I ever had. I used my Starwood points to book two Spectacular Rooms for a trip to NYC with six other girlfriends for a weekend to celebrate my birthday and bachelorette party. I had never stayed at the hotel before, but chose it based on the great location and after looking through the reviews on TripAdvisor. Two days before my arrival I was contacted by Heather at the welcome desk to talk about which rooms were available. When she heard I had a special occasion, she upgraded one of the rooms to a king suite with a complementary rollaway bed so three people could fit in it. She was extremely helpful and friendly all around, and had George at the concierge desk get in touch to let me know there would be a gift in the room for my birthday and to see if I needed anything else. I jokingly responded that it would be great if he could have Brad Pitt waiting. Our party had seven women arriving at the hotel at different times from different places, and the front desk was great about making sure there were keys waiting for each girl in her name at the desk. No one had any problems getting in the rooms. And we laughed hysterically when we got in the suite. The staff had taken the time to cut pictures of Brad Pitt out of magazines and put them all over. There was one in a frame, some on the TVs, some on the mirrors. There were also two birthday cards -- one signed by several members of the hotel staff and another signed from &quot;Brad.&quot; My fiance had also called the concierge desk to arrange a bouquet of flowers for me in the room, and it was there looking gorgeous. They also had left little bottles of flavored vodka on ice; a complementary gift package of Bliss body products and a W Hotel teddy bear as gifts for me. It was an amazing and very touching effort. The suite had a great view of Union Square, as did the Spectacular Room, which was much bigger and nicer than your typical NYC hotel room. The bedding is incredible. We ate at Olives the first night, and had the tasting menu. It was delicious and our waitress (forgot her name, but she was a very friendly blond woman) took great care of us. And the doorman was always smiling and quick with suggestions of where to go. I probably couldn't stay in this hotel if I wasn't using points since my employer would flip if I tried to expense that much for one night. (Usually I stay at the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers when I'm in NYC on business travel.) But I would definitely come again and again if I can afford it. My stay was beyond perfection.	
Oct 14 2007 	Union Square perfect	Union Square perfect! This is the best W in NYC. From the front door staff (Keith or Jose are brilliant!) and the front desk staff...it is easily the best place to stay when in Union Sq. The rooms are a little on the small and dark (brown) side, but the hotel has that BoHo funky edge to it that is what the W brand is all about. If you want corporate American hotels - go to Midtown. If you want faux Euro-luxury, go to the Four Seasons. W is a younger hip vibe, and although it is just as Starwood commercialised - it's perfect for that in-NY-for-a-day-or-two business trip.weekend and want the W experience. Don't eat at Olives unless you are prepared to be overcharged, and the lobby is just one big afterwork martini lounge for local workers...but, you can't beat the location, and the beds are so comfortable and bathrooms clean and well amenitied...so, you can't complain. Unless you look at the rates ($500 and upwards). Concierges are great, and hotel can arrange anything for you (Whatever, whenever...just makes you laugh that they call it that, doesnt it?) forget the Giraffe and stay away from the Gershwin if you want a close to Union Sq experience...and, the coffee shop around the block on Irving St is the best; Lucy has the best latin food, and the Coffee Shop for breakfast on the other side of Union Sq will keep me coming back!	
Oct 6 2007	great location great service	After leaving the giraffe(see review) we checked into W. Staff was so concerned about our anniversary. we were upgraded....champagne delivered with a card signed by staff as well as other wonderful suprises.Room was very clean and lovely. Flat screen TV. Great location. Fun bar and restaurant. The W's staff made our anniversary and i will always remember the great experience. I will stay here when in NYC	
Sep 24 2007 	Good location great service small rooms	Location: Perfect for shopping. I brought my wife and she shopped while I worked. Much better than the Times Square area.Service: I mentioned to the person at check-in that we were celebrating my wife's birthday. My intention was to try to get an upgraded room (to no avail). They sent desserts to our room which was very thoughtful.Rooms: Nice but small....just like everywhere in NYC. We paid $675/nt which is a bit pricey.Make sure to eat at Spice Market in the Meatpacking District. Shop at Neccessary Clothes on Broadway (3 locations) for great bargains. Beer and good live music at Back Fence at Bleeker and Thompson near NYU.	
Sep 17 2007 	Union Square a nice option. W is Lovely	We were in midtown for two nights of US Open action, and decided to stay one more night over the hoiday weekend. Had stayed in W hotels before but not the one in Union Square so I secured a reservation and down we went. Our experience was mostly pleasant and positive. We arrived hours before check-in but they did have a room ready. The room was typical, sumptuous-looking W style. Down pillows, purple satin bedcover. Sleek furniture. We had not upgraded so this room looked out onto a building which gave it a slightly dim appearance but it was a decent size, with high ceilings, a very comfortable bed, lots of amenities, comfortable clean bathroom. Great shower.The common areas are beautiful, the staff was friendly. Olives is a great restaurant but it wasn't open because of the holiday so we walked to a cozy and delicious little Italian place (Crispo) in Chelsea.The only two things that were a negative during our short stay: 1) the hotel we'd just been in offered free wireless; as soon as I turned on my laptop at the W a screen came up asking me to confirm a $16.95 24-hour charge for the internet. That irked me. I think that kind of thing should come standard now 2) When I was checking out, I noticed that our bar had not been restocked after the previous occupants. I called the front desk to inform that a lot of things appeared to be missing from the bar and I didn't want to be charged. The man I spoke with said not to worry, but I've just noticed an odd, extra charge on my credit card bill so I guess I'm going to have to deal with that.....	
Aug 18 2007 	absolutely great hotel in great part of Manhattan	We stayed at the W Union Square on two occations during our 3 week vacation in the US and both stays were absolutely wonderful. The staff recognised us when we returned after 2 weeks travelling in the South. The rooms are large and well-equiped. Great Lounge and room service food. The Whatever/Whenever service is excellent. Location is superb away from the touristy parts of Mahattan in a more quiet and authentic part of this amasing city. Will return again, soon I hope.	
Aug 6 2007 	Awesome Stay!!!	Stayed there with my wife while we took in the city for a few days. Great Place and Great Location. Awesome beds and large bathroom. Olives restaurant rocks!!! Incredible location. Excellent for young professional looking to get away for the weekend or a longer stay.	
Jul 28 2007 	Not A Good Choice	I stayed here on company business - Thank God! Loved the location and thought the Olives restaurant was very good. But.... my room was $850 a night and breakfast was extra! It was a small suite but very tired-looking, dirty carpets, ancient TV. The only good point was that the bathroom was a decent size. The atmosphere was very dark and gloomy. The room service was appalling. In fact, I became ill after eating it and had to miss my morning appointment. I complained to the front desk staff and was surprised to see that the meal was still on my bill when I checked out. They also mishandled the booking and charged my personal credit card for the five night stay until the MD of the company arrived two days later. This is very much a nickel and dime place. Everyone who checked out when I was there disputed their bill. On my bill were three long distance calls I didn't make and a $53 charge for time at the business centre - again not mine. In all there was $200 in extra charges that were not mine. I come to New York three times a year and would never stay here again - especially for prices that would secure the best hotels in town such as The Peninsula and The Ritz-Carlton. Most of the staff are perfunctory and the concierge on duty when I was there left a lot to be desired.	
Jul 24 2007 	Great place to stay	We loved the W Union Square. Room was small but the bathroom was huge. The king sized bed was very comfortable with excellent linens and pillows. The room was very clean.The location is excellent as it is in a central spot for sightseeing in the Village, East Village, SOHO, Chinatown and Little Italy to the south and Midtown, Times Square to the north. There is a subway station 1 block away. We walked just about everywhere (we are big time walkers) from the hotel, including across the Brooklyn and Williamsburg Bridges on two different occasions (one night we walked back to the hotel from Peter Luger's Steakhouse across the Williamsburg Bridge in Brooklyn).The lobby is always rocking with club music and lots of people hanging out. The staff was very nice to us. We had a government rate of $196/night so I expected to be treated shabbily but that was not the case.Right next door is a great market with salad bar, sushi bar, fresh juice bar, bakery, etc. Next to the market is a CVS pharmacy to get anything that you forgot to bring.	
Jun 20 2007 	Different NYC Location	First time staying outside of uptown and we really enjoyed it. Possibly the best shower I've ever taken but the rooms are standard size for NY (i.e. smaller than most cities) even after an upgrade. The bathroom needed a little Tilex and the bed was average, but overall it was a great hotel. The staff is friendly, there are plenty of places to eat, and it has a great bar. It is definitely a different experience staying in one of NY's &quot;neighborhoods.&quot; Also has easy access to the subway. Had to contend with the street market which shuts down the Union Square portion of Park Avenue, but that is far from an inconvenience.	
Jun 18 2007 	Superb service!	We were helping our son set up his new apartment after his graduation and celebrating his new position, and we stayed at the W in Union Square. It was a welcomed respite after our very busy day! Everything was perfect , and we can't say enough, except thank you to the staff , for making our stay so enjoyable!	
May 1 2007 	Good but overpriced even for NYC	I had a “spectacular” room and it looked very nice overall. Fairly basic hotel-room layout: bed and nightstands, desk &amp; chair, armchair and reading lamp, dresser with TV. Quite big by NYC standards.The bathroom was also very spacious and well laid out. All the usual amenities. The shower deserves a star all on its own. The water pressure (10th floor) was reminiscent of a jet engine. The same was true for the sink – be careful not to splatter yourself. The bath was clean overall, but the shower showed some moldy spots that really should have been taken care of!I don’t understand the ga-ga over the Bliss products. I tried them (soap, shampoo, conditioner, lotion) and felt like my skin and hair were covered in wax for the rest of the day. Yuck.There’s a mini-bar, of course, but you don’t even want to know the prices… No coffeemaker, though, which was disappointing – I don’t really consider that such a big luxury.A big plus for the bed: soft – but not too soft – and a lovely satiny-covered down duvet. Lots of big pillows. Comfortable doesn’t even begin to describe it.Nights were not all restful, though: Even in a room toward the back, I got quite a bit of street noise during the night. I also had some trouble with the thermostat – I could adjust it to my heart’s content but the room temperature never changed at all.I definitely did not like the per-day internet costs. Even many cheaper hotels are now making wireless access freely available, and I don’t appreciate being nickeled and dimed, especially if I’m already paying nearly $500/night – and that was the corporate discount rate!Something annoying that the W shares with many other hotels: poor lighting in the room. I appreciate soft light as much as the next person, but sometimes you want it bright, perhaps to pack, but there were only various reading lamps, nothing overhead. Only in the bathroom was there bright white light, which is exactly where I would appreciate the option to have less.The lobby area is busy and the adjacent bar area is always full. This is definitely a trendy place and quite noisy at night. In the morning, you can eat breakfast at the hotel restaurant, but you’re probably better off at a nearby coffee shop.All in all, this hotel is good, but far from great. Given that, it’s totally overpriced, even for NYC.	
Apr 29 2007 	Loved the W at Union Square	We always like to stay in a different neighborhood in NYC. Loved Union Square &amp; the W was a perfect location. Conciege service was GREAT...gave us all the info we wanted. Service very good. W has lots of little trendy extras that make it fun. Bar &amp; restaurant &quot;OLIVES&quot; good place to hang out. Skip breakfast...overpriced, but dinner was a real treat. SS - St.John, Virgin Islands	
Apr 17 2007 	Very expensive considering what you get	I stayed here on a business trip, and don't think I would ever stay here if I was footing the bill. My room was over $500 a night, and just seemed like a standard hotel room. I've stayed at much nicer places for &lt;$200/night. Granted, this is New York, but I still don't understand the value here. It just doesn't seem all that special to justify the rate.Pros: Room had a nice view, comfortable king size bed, nice desk, good pay movies, and friendly check-in.Cons: Price	
Apr 11 2007 	Best W Hotel anywhere	The W Union Square is a fantastic hotel. It's definately the best of the W chain and one of our favorite hotels anywhere. We have stayed there many times. The customer service is excellent. The staff is warm and friendly and always greets us by name. The vibe is cool and hip. We are a bit older than the average guest but feel totally comfortable.The W is part of the Starwood chain. They consistently recognize my husband's platinum status and upgrade his room. We can't say that about some of the other Starwood hotels he frequents.The rooms are sleek and well kept. It is a pleasure next to the gaudiness of other upscale hotels.We love staying in the neighborhood. The W is convenient to many subway lines. There are lots of great restaurants and excellent shopping in Union Square and neighboring Greenwich Village.The signature restaurant, Olives, has delicious Mediterranean food.The only downside is the price. The W Union Square is more expensive than most other hotels in the chain. My husband's company is getting stricter about the price of hotel rooms. It is getting difficult for him to justify the extra cost. We hope his company's policy will change and we can stay there in the future.San Francisco, Ca	
Apr 6 2007 	Too much street noise	The front desk clerk was extremely gracious and upgraded us at check-in to a suite. It was well appointed and had nice views. A comfortable roll-away was sent to the room for my son.Unfortunately, both of us experienced a terrible night's sleep due to incredible noise. It sounded as if every window in the suite was open; none of them were. It was a corner room, facing Park Ave. and that may have contributed to the amount of noise - traffic, conversations, etc. It was by far the noisiest and worst hotel experience we've had in Manhattan.	
Apr 3 2007 	Missed the famous W atmosphere!	I stayed at the W Union Square for 3 nights in March 07. I have stayed at the W New York (Lexington Ave), W Times Square and the W in LA before and this was definitely the worst experience. Not much of a wow factor at all, the lobby area (seating area) is quite small, I found the bar staff a bit snobby and the usual fun W atmosphere was missing. My room was ok (was meant to be one of the better ones) but small. There was only 1 window in the room which made it dark but I do have to say that the bed was very comfy! The night club downstairs was ok but quite pricey. The Olives restaurant was quite nice and the food was good. I had breakfast there nearly every morning and it was always nice. The business centre is tiny and expensive. I couldn't get my lap top to connect and had to use the internet. It was something like $60 for an hour! I also tried the W's Whatever/Whenever service and it didn't work! I wanted to charge my Nokia cell phone and they didn't even have any spare chargers to borrow. Nokia charger should be a basic item at the hotel!	
Mar 30 2007 	great location - no real problems	Good hotel if you want to use it as a base to do all things New York, We have stayed in NY in the past the hotel Essex house overlooking central park, nice hotel by the way. W hotel, room ok nothing special, I thought the bed was very comfortable a heavenly bed I believe in fact with all the walking, shopping and drinking we did in NY we needed a bed that could satisfy our need to sleep and this certainly lived up to its name!!Fantastic location, central everywhere really. Having stayed in upper Manhattan in the past we found the W hotel location more suited to finding out how the real Manhattan works, so close to the village, Soho, Chinatown and little Italy it was a mere walk away, that isn’t to say that you cant take a stroll up Broadway to upper Manhattan as that to easy to do also, and a very interesting walk to (don’t forget credit card). We also made the walk across the Brooklyn bridge into Brooklyn Heights enjoyed the walk no so far as to cause a glum face. The hotel offered a great bar in Olives however it was somewhere that was obviously very popular with the office set in that it was extremely difficult to grab a table so book early, the offerings were superb we found the bar a great place to relax following a hard days tromping around the city. Also not too far from local bars and diners, we never ate in the hotel as we thought the prices especially that of room service were taking the Mick!! I have stayed at hotels throughout the world and this was expensive. I booked the hotel and used my Starwood points so really did not feel the pinch with regard the room charge however I believe it to be very expensive but given the time of the year (in between boxing day and staying over new years) you can expect a higher than normal rate. The rooms were clean, not spectacular the hallways were dimly lit which I suppose did its job when you consider how dirty and water stained the hallway carpets are, they really do need replacing.The business suite or room is located in the basement, not great facilities to be honest and the charge is overwhelming, I would not stay here if it were for business let’s just say that.The staff were very pleasant no complaints what so ever, they were very attentive and ALWAYS expected a tip however I guess that’s NY for you.Hey, my wife and I had a great time. If you are on a visit to see NY then you are not going to be spending lot of time in a hotel, it was comfortable and clean and as long as you see it as a base for all your NY excursions then you will enjoy your time.	
Mar 19 2007 	Subpar for a W	We ended up booking the W Union Square using our Starwood points. The reservation desk said that otherwise, the room would have cost $709. It was just a standard looking room, not a suite. The bed was not a heavenly bed (like at most Westins and now some Ws), which I was disappointed about. We requested a king sized bed, but we're pretty sure it was a queen. Cool lobby, but the room itself was nothing special, fairly basic. No spa on site, which again, we found disappointing. It was ok, but we've stayed at a few other Ws which were better. I would not recommend paying this much to stay here. The W New York (on Lexington Ave) is better if you want a W in NYC.	
Mar 18 2007 	Average W - High Price	The W - Union Square is in a great location. It is within walking distance of many dining options and shopping. It is a skip away from Time Square and only a few stops from down town. It is hard to find a better spot. The rooms: we were on the 7th floor King Bed Mega Room. Supposely we were upgraded, but its hard to tell the difference b/t Spectacular, Wonderful, or Mega rooms at this hotel. So I really wouldn't splurge to upgrade here. The bathroom are standard in size and a little bit dirty. The corners need scrubing and several fixtures need changing (cracked lights), dirty shower curtain. The beds are comfortable but the duvet cover are a bit on the dirty side. They really should change those or disgard them when they are dirty. There were not sound from the room next door and the sound of the street is minimal. The rooms are modern but a bit tired and old. the hallway to the rooms are very very dirty and needs replacing. Lots of stains and water marks all over. Good thing they keep the lights dimmed. The front desk morning staffs are superb. But the evening staffs are too cool to pay attention to you. There's a night and day difference b/t the shifts. the morning crew are helpful and professional, while the night staffs are standoff ish.In room dining were very quick. They cam prompty but hte price for a pot of coffee and apple crisp came out to be $28!Overrall this is a nice hotel in a GREAT location. The rooms are a bit tired and the service average. It is not a clean hotel by any means. For the rate I paid of $450 per night, it was not worth it. Perhaps $280 is more like it...	
Mar 12 2007 	Nice room but pricey	Just stayed two nights at W Hotel-Union Square to attend a family wedding located on the property. Would stay again at the wedding/group rate we received, but not at the regular rate!	
Mar 10 2007 	Fun place to stay	Good location, large room, great bar downstairs. All the staff I spoke to were helpful and pleasant. For a business hotel with a bit more character or a nice hotel for a weekend (romantic or not) I would recommend it.	
Feb 17 2007 	Delightful!	This was the most enjoyable hotel stay I have experienced in a very long time! The staff was delightful, even playful. They couldn't have been nicer or more accomodating. After checking in, we stumbled into the bar/restaurant connected to the hotel, Olives. There we were surprised with one of the most enjoyable and delicious meals we have ever had! We stayed in one of the &quot;Mega&quot; rooms. It was very spacious and clean. The hotel shower is the best shower in NYC! Bliss Spa products are the bath products offered. Having stayed in a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel before, I wasn't sure I wanted to try one again. The W at Union Square shattered all of those myths for me. The W didn't disappoint.	
Feb 16 2007 	It Would be Hard to Stay Anywhere Else	I travel to New York quite frequently for business and pleasure. Usually, I use points from another hotel point program and stay free. In February, W did a promotion where if you booked with AMEX, you'd get one night free at a W hotel, so I decided to try at W Union Square. I'd heard it was a hip and trendy place, which has it's pros and cons. The pro is, it's fun and people watching is great. The con is, as a 36 year old woman I might feel a little &quot;old&quot; and out of place. This was not the case.When I arrived, I was welcomed by the staff and taken to my room. A few weeks prior, I'd requested a sunny room and they complied with a giant, corner room with a view of the park. Because they knew I like &quot;sunniness&quot;, they brought me a giant sunflower and some fruit and champagne about 5 minutes after check in. That right there would have won me over in terms of personal touches and friendliness, but throughout my stay, the entire staff did little things to show they were anticipating my needs -- they even went so far as to bring me a tray of comforting things on a day I was sick.As for the room itself, it was a good size for New York and had a great view of Union Square. Unlike many hotel rooms in the city, this room had a full bath (soaking tub) with Bliss Spa products -- definitely worth talking about. I don't think I've ever been as impressed with bath products. The water pressure was very good and the hot water never ended. There were no coffee pots, however, the hotel sent up a coffee maker for me to keep in my room, so if you are a coffee addict, keep this in mind! Just ask and you shall receive. At night, the lobby does become somewhat club-like. It's a stylish, loud, see and be scene place. That being said, it's kind of small and there's so much going on that if you do happen to be schlepping through in your sweats, no one really cares. It's smaller than it looks in the picture. The &quot;living room&quot;, a place to congregate and have drinks, is very small and I felt a little uncomfortable going there alone....so I didn't. Underbar is a different story. I went with girlfriends and we had a fabulous time. The waitress was super nice (which was surprising, since others have said the opposite about Underbar staff) and the music was a good mix. It was dark, so I think I wouldn't have minded going in by myself for a drink, though I never got around to it!Olives, the restaurant in the hotel, is incredible. My friends and I were seated in a big, comfy booth and treated like royalty. The chef (Todd English), who owns about 20 restaurants, just happened to be there that night and sent us loads of free samples because he'd heard we were all cooks. You can't go wrong with the hotel restaurant, that's for sure.Still, you'll want to get around. The W is a minute or two walk from the Union Square station, so in minutes, you can get anywhere in NYC. There's plenty to do right in the area. Sephora and Barnes and Noble are right smack across the street and Filenes, DSW Shoe Warehouse and a Children's Place are also very, very close. You'll want to take a subway or cab ride for finer shopping, though. The concierge knows what stores have what and will help you out.Restaurants in the area include Veritas, Candela, Union Square Cafe, Tabla and many more I can't think of right now.There are plenty of nice hotels in NYC, but when you find one that's perfect, it's hard to stay anywhere else.	
Feb 15 2007 	Waited for 2 years to afford this but...	Our headquarters were in the Flatiron district and this is the only &quot;really nice&quot; hotel in that area. Plus it's right by the park, the greenmarket. I watched prices every week for 2 years. Finally my husband and I both had business trips to NYC at the same time and split the cost - still a bit much for both of our companies at half the price but I had been dying to stay there. What the heck is all the fuss about? Why is it $200 more than the other W hotels? (I guess the location?) Nice high ceilings, decently sized bathroom, excellent toiletries...this does not add up to $600 a night! I could have gone to the Bliss Spa (where the toiletries are from) and spent the whole day getting treatments instead. Wish I would have.	
Feb 11 2007 	Soothing hotel in a great location	The positives:1. Good sized rooms (especially for NYC) with calming decor and very comfortable beds.2. Nice amenities.3. A very soothing reception area, that's always quiet even when the adjoining lobby bar/restaurant area is hopping.4. Friendly service.5. Great location -- close to both multiple subway lines and terrific restaurants. Also not a bad location for getting a cab.6. Elevators require a room key to operate. It's a great security feature that I can't believe more urban hotels haven't adopted.The negatives:1. Can't really think of any, unless it's the prices, but I think the room rates are in line with the quality.	
Feb 11 2007	Not worth $500 a night	Sitting here in the W at this moment, I am truly disappointed. For the hype and price-- and having had a much better experience a couple of years ago-- this place is a let-down. First, the check-in person acted as if she couldn't care less whether we were there or not. At Hilton's and Sheraton's, the check-in staff are almost overly-friendly-- perhaps the W folks at the desk think courtesy and a smile aren't cool. (I should add that the porters are extremely friendly and helpful.) Second, these days, charging for Internet connection is just plain nickel-and-diming. Here, including tax, it's $16 a day!Other little things: our room is comfortable, but, again, for the price, I expect a better television-- flat screens seem standard now at chains like Crowne Plaza, etc. This one is small and so far away from the beds, that the remote signal doesn't reach! Also, wall outlets with lamp and other electrical cords hanging every which way. And, there's graffiti scratched into the leather headboard of one of our beds! At first we thought it was some clever Basquiat-like art, but clearly, it's just plain scratchmarks from some previous guest. Finally, and it's just a small thing, but again a nickel-and-diming item, we ordered a large pot of tea from room service - $8. The large pot of hot water arrives with one tea bag, so we asked for one more bag, and they charged us another $8. PUH-LEEZE!For the price, you can find a hip hotel with much better customer service and sense of pride!	
Jan 1 2007 	Christmas in New York but no restaurant service	I have just got back from 5 days in NYC over Christmas where I stayed at the W on Union. I had a lovely room on the top floor with great downtown views, a good sized bathroom and by NY standards a large room (we booked a mega room).We arrived Christmas day from the UK and were greeted by a really helpful doorman. The check in however seemed an inconvenience for the desk staff – my passport is in a different name to my credit cards (a trial too far for her) and was then informed that the restaurant was closed for the evening and only room service was available. Here we were in NYC without a booking for anywhere on Christmas day to be told only at this point that the hotel restaurant was closed – it was here that the door man got helpful with suggestions of places to go for a drink or a “bite to eat”. I would have appreciated this information at booking or before arriving as I would have made plans. So room service it was and not really the choice I wanted on a romantic get away with my husband for Christmas.The hotel room was great but the service in both bars was hit and miss. This was particularly apparent on the weekend when it was more like a bar with rooms and preference seemed to be given to non hotel residents – that’s not say it was a bad as the Hudson Hotel though, just that the staff had a tendency to be rude and unhelpful. We did complain to the lovely Australian night manager who was sympathetic although ultimately didn’t do anything. I did however like the atmosphere of the “Underbar” (which was open on Christmas Day and everyone in there was in great spirits).The highlight of the hotel experience though, was the really great room service guy who brought our breakfast every morning with his view on the weather and how thick a coat to wear – he was a tonic to the start of everyday.Apart from the bar experience this is a lovely hotel – its convenient, has great rooms and some of the staff are delightful. For a NYC hotel experience not too shabby.	
Dec 23 2006	Nice Stay at the W	I stayed at the W Union Square for one night during an extended vacation in New York City. This hotel is in a great location for those who are familiar with the city (especially the subway lines) as it is convenient to the Union Square subway station, but not much else.While Union Square is a nice part of town, those who are interested in doing those touristy things like visiting the Empire State Building, Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Central Park and the other sites of midtown may find it a bit out of the way.The rooms are huge (by New York standards anyway) and very well equipped as can be expected at W hotels.The check-in staff was friendly enough but the girl who checked me in was not remotely interested in going above and beyond the call of duty in any way. Her attitude wasn't negative, but definitely more expected from an economy brand hotel than an upscale hotel like the W.Overall, great stay. The beds are fantastic and they provided a roll-a-way bed free of charge as a one-time courtesy. I'm not sure how much they charge other guests for this.	
Dec 19 2006	convenient location but another disappointing W	Just like the other W Hotels I've stayed at, the W UNion Quare offers a gorgeous lobby, cool lounge, inept service and staff totally unprepared for work at a so called luxury hotel. Personally I would have preferred to stay at the Soho Grand or Tribeca Grand for NY downtown luxury, but I was travelling with my mother and she has limited mobility. For those of you who don't know NY, Union Square is downtown and more or less centrally located between the east and west sides of NY, so it doesn't take too long to get anywhere in the city. ALso, there's Union Square park with its great farmer's market and you're in something of a neighborhood, as opposed to awful, touristy Times Square , or Mom-unfriendly Tribeca. (Too hip, and tough for someone who doesn't know the city to take a walk.) So credit where credit is due....the place is conveniently located.Other than that, the rooms were nicely designed but very worn and not all that clean. (Think used Holiday Inn.) The staff was very willing to help, but nothing seemed to get done. For example, we arrived back at the hotel from a day trip too late to return the rental car at the Hertz 3 blocks away. I had until 10am the next morning to return the car without being charged for an extra day. I called down for the car at 9, jumped in the shower and got down at 9:40 to find no car waiting. Door guy said it's on it's way. It wasn't until I asked him to check on it 10 minutes later that he found out it hadn't been called for. (I called, but the call wasn't relayed to the lot where the car was parked.) Finally the car arrived at 10:15. I finally got hold of an assistant manager, informed her of the situation and told her that I would expect credit on my bill for the cost of the extra day's car rental. ($100 cause it's NYC.) She called ahead and got Hertz to waive the second day's charge even though I was almost an hour past the dealine. I appreciated her making the call, but could have done without the hour delay. She also waived the $40 parking fee for the previous night. That's the good news. The bad news is that when I checked out I had 6 other $40 parking fees added. After a few minutes atthe desk the clerk removed the charges (I only had a car for 1night) and handed the bill back to me. A closer look showed that all of the charges had not been removed. I pointed this out and was told with attitude that they had been removed. I pointed to the charges that still remained and with a big sigh she reluctantly removed the charges, but still left the one night's charge. I told her the manager had comped the original one night's parking fee because of the problem and then with another sigh she headed off to talk to the manager and confirm my claim. All of this while I was trying to leave the hotel and fight NYC rush hour traffic on the way to JFK.All in all, every complaint was resolved, but every complaint was more than avoidable, and I got attitude while they were being resolved. I'm a New Yorker and I'm used to attitude, but not when I'm paying over $400 a night. Had a very similar experience at the downtown Chicago W. I stay at nice hotels several times a month for work, and have had very few negative experiences. The negatives happen too consistently at this chain for me to recommend it or choose it in the future. It's all downhill after the lobby. Find a Loews.	
Nov 9 2006 	Lovely NY hotel	I stayed for a comfortable, enjoyable two nights on a business trip.The hotel is in an interesting building (by US standards) and has a fabulous lobby/bar/restaurant area...but this is by no means the only reasoon to recommend it.I was given a lovely room on the 14th floor. In tune with the style of the building it had high ceilings and two huge floor to ceiling windows capturing rainy New York outside. The room was not newly decorated, but very well kept nonetheless.The staff were both efficient and friendly. I called for room service, laundry and had one minor problem with the heating. In every case the service was quick and the staff were helpful.In my opinion the W really understand the basic principles of hotel service and they make it a pleasure to stay at this hotel.	
Nov 6 2006	great experience	stayed there after i proposed to my girlfirend. my room was immediately upgraded from a 'wonderful' room to a corner 'mega' room. the staff was very nice and courteous. lobby and lobby/lounge area was very crowded and loud in the early evening, but had no problem finding space for family and friends to celebrate. as per previous reviews, the halls are a little dark. one convenient plus is backdoor keycard access with your room key to the ajoining bar. would stay there again....	
Oct 3 2006	p is for pricey w is for wow	w puts the p in pricey, but if money is no object, this groovy place offers a great stay-but where's the free coffee in the a.m?-coffee is available in the lobby in the afternoon, but for us early risers, we have to hit the streets for our java fix- i like the workout gym with its individual lcd monitors and headphones-also bedding in the rooms is divine...	
Sep 11 2006 	Nice Hotel but expensive	We had stayed at the W Times Square about a year or two ago at less cost (about $500 with parking) and had a big suite with big living room and bedroom. This time, total cost for the room was $700+ with taxes and parking and we had only 1 small room. It was our anniversary; a nice bottle of chilled champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries were in room when we arrived. The bathroom was very spacious and the Bliss bath products were nice.Service was excellent. All the W employees are extremely pleasant and helpful.The room was nicely decorated, the bed very comfortable. Some of the furniture and wallcovering were beginning to show wear. At these exorbitant prices, I would expect everything to be perfect and I would expect the bottled water (which they charge $8 for to be free!)I don't think we'll stay at this hotel again; while it is nice, I don't think it's worth the price. We travel frequently and have stayed at nicer hotels for half the cost. If we go to that part of town again, we may check out Giraffe or The Library (similarly priced or lower).	
Jul 17 2006	Great Hotel - Great Location	My husband and I spent one night at the W Union Square and it was fabulous. Since we used points to book the room, we were expecting to get a real small room with no view but we were quite pleased with the size and ammenities. The room was quite clean with all the &quot;frills&quot; you would expect such as the comfortable bed, bathrobe, etc. I usally don't like traveling to NYC because the hotels are so small and dirty but staying at this W has changed my perspective. For the luxury traveler, this one's for you!	
Jun 30 2006	W Was Wonderful!	I stayed at the W Union Square for 4 nights in June 2006..and expensive bill, but worth it. Our room was HUGE, as was the bathroom (both of which I hear are hard to come by in NYC). The staff fufilled every request and did so extremely quickly. The concierge (I think his name was George) was amazing. He was able to give us wonderful reccomendations and was happy to help when we called him throughout our daily excursions for guidance. Every day we were given a set of the Bliss lotions, shampoos, soap, etc which was a very nice touch. It was so easy to sleep there and we were never awakened by city sounds, it was a great escape in such a busy place.	
Jun 19 2006 	Beautiful Hotel Bad customer service	I will never return to the W in Union Square EVER again. I went there for a company affair but put down my card for incidentals. I came home to 600 in charges from the hotel broken up into 100 amounts. It took 2 weeks to get straightened out, however I was told that the first charge for 25 was made under a &quot;munchy bar&quot;. I never touched the mini bar because I was only there for 18 hours and I know its not worth the $. I told her that is ridiculous because I didn't touch the bar and she said the inventory said I did. Basically telling me I am a liar. I told her that her maid must have had a 25 dollar snack on me, regardless how did it end up being 600. Apparently the corporate card was declined upon my checkout and instead of them letting me know, they just charged as much of my card as they cou. ld by breaking it up into small amounts. I gave them the card to my extra travel account which only had 300 in it for emergency, so I was hit with 200 in overdraft fees. You have to understand I am only 21 at the time and am a poor college student traveling for a work event. The clerk could have told me instead of smiling and sending me on my way. They had to have had a contact for corporate since there were 10 people staying there on that corporate account. The worst of it was that anyone I talked to about getting the issue resolved said it appearsed to be charges incurred on the minibar, WHICH I NEVER TOUCHED. It makes me want to ask them to remove all minibar items before I get there, or take inventory with me present. I understand being out to make a buck but seriously, thats just wrong. My company reimbursed me within a month of the stay, and the W accountant appologized but I still had to survive nearly 3 weeks 1k in the hole. They didn't even offer me a comp stay or anything after the rudeness and hassle they caused me, and they never removed the phony minibar charge. The hotel has a rich modern style, but the price I paid wasn't worth it to face the embarassment, being called a liar, and having to compensate on a college student salary.	
May 30 2006	Memorial Day at the W	I have a hard time believing (at least one) of the negative reviews about the W Union Sqaure. I have stayed at this property several times, most recently over the Memorial Day holiday with my wife and enjoyed another &quot;above average&quot; stay. If you have never stayed at a W before, the properties tend to be more stylish and chic than warm and cozy. There is typically a signature hip bar and restaurant that may tend to get a bit crowded and noisy, but the clientele (including myself) would seem to enjoy this (I am a professional in my mid '30s that enjoys a drink or two in an energized bar) - The location on Union Square is great (subway, restaurants, etc) and the property (at least for my taste) is physically beautiful (lobby, bar) - To hear that someone had so many issues with &quot;cleanliness&quot; at this hotel is....strange. Our room was impeccably clean, the furnishings were not dated or worn, and our room was large by NY standards (very tall ceilings with 2 huge windows with a partial park view - we did ask for and receive an upgrade as we are SPG Gold Members) - Bed and bathroom were great - Concierge was above average and accomodating (they opened the business center for me even though it was technically closed) - Front desk staff were polite and they have a designated employee to assist with the elevator. Like I said, I have always had above-average experiences here and prefer this W location to the others in NY (although I like the Tuscany and Court as well) - I would think that those who wrote negative reviews were either very unlucky, over 60 years old, or just chronic complainers. I have stayed all over the world and tend to stay in very nice places (St. Regis, Four Seaons, Mandarin, etc.) so it's not like I am some rookie budget traveler. Anyway, if you are looking for a cool spot in a cool area of NYC and tend toward the fun rather than stuffy, I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 15 2006	Shabby Chic	I used my Starwood reward points to stay here for a weekend. On a Friday night its a bit like arriving at a nightclub; noisy, drunken &amp; chaotic. My free room was at the back of the hotel looking out onto some noisy airconditioning stacks and not a much else. The hotel cant be very old, but the room furnishings are already pretty shabby. I felt like I was staying in a mates bedroom for the weekend rather than a hotel. This might be a good thing, but most people probably shell out a lot of money to stay here and might feel entitled to more. The bathroom is loaded with trendy bliss products which is a nice touch. W Union Square tries to be hip, but its probably too big to get away with it. I dunno why, but I would happily forgive small boutique hotels for having exactly the same failings. Union Square itself is a pretty good location. 5 mins walk to Greenwich, 15 to SoHo. Nice market on Saturdays.	
Apr 21 2006	pretty good-not fabulous	This was my first experience with the W chain and I was curious. I didn't experience anything that made it feel really bad or really outstanding and the attitude is more focused on style than warmth. I think there are equally good hotels in NY for better value.. That said I loved the location, the rooms were NY small but well designed and nice--and I loved the full length mirror that makes you look thin when you are not!! The blend of the old architecture with the new is attractive even thought the front entry seems small and a bit cramped. The lobby and bar were always crowded after 4pm which was frustrating when we wanted a pre-theatre glass of wine. I thought the front desk staff overall were professional but remote. Only one of the staff seemed to really engage. One nit-picky thing --At this level of hotel , they should certainly offer guests a good cup of complimentary coffee in the lobby in the morning if they aren't going to have coffee makers in the room. That seems pretty standard as an expectation in even moderately priced hotels these days. I'd stay again only if the rate was right-because the location is so nice--ask for a room high up looking over the park.	
Mar 20 2006	Simply Great!	My wife and I stayed for a one-night &quot;get away&quot; using SPG points. We were treated as well as any other guests and even got a complimentary upgrade. The entire staff was friendly and willing to help and nobody showed attitude, they were far above your average Starbucks employee. The hotel is a converted apartment building and still has some of the old &quot;charm&quot; such as tiled floors by the elevators and tiling in the shower. The bathrooms did feel a bit dated, but it adds to the hotel. Our room was spacious with only a single tall window. Heating was a bit strange as it was set to 85 degrees and still felt a bit cold. It wasn't uncomfortable, just odd. You should definitely visit the &quot;Great Room&quot; that has been maintained in the style of the original building. Summary, a great hotel, great staff, wonderful beds, hip bar (although too crowded), and great location.	
Feb 27 2006	Crowded and noisy	I have recently spent weekends in New York at The W, Gansevoort and Mercer and have to admit that The W falls far to the bottom of the heap. The room was not ready on time, lobby crowded and our room was worn and dirty. There was actually a person (late night reveler) who slept over night in the lobby on the couch and was still there the next morning at 9 a.m! The dark hallways are just weird. I didnt give it much thought until a weekend at the Gansevoort and boy did they do it right. Clean well appointed rooms and pleasant service, a staff that cant do enough to please.	
Jan 23 2006	W Union Square - Gold Standard of New York W's	Recently I've been more and more disappointed with the Westins W chain. Showing their age after five years they are in serious need of an overhaul in attitude and in rooms - especially the W's in New York. I've stayed at three of the four Ws in NY and the Union Square location is by far the best. The rooms are standard W New York and small but shower/bathroom and bed were great. Lobby, restaurant and underbar were crowded and fun. Location is good with plenty to do nearby. There is attitude here but not enough to be obnoxious. Only two negatives and reason this is not a five &quot;circle&quot; review. Hallway on floor with our room had water damage on the carpet. Dark and dim is not meant as an excuse to let things deteriorate (which is what has been happening at the other Ws) - this was the only example of it so not a big deal. Doorman/bellhop are obnoxiously aggressive. I checked in with a roller bag and briefcase and was asked repeatedly if they could carry my bags. Finally, while I was checking in I was asked if I was a guest and when I replied yes I realized that the bellhop had grabbed my bags that were next to me and I was &quot;guided&quot; to my room by the annoying bellhop. I understand &quot;working&quot; for tips but I've never seen anything like it anywhere in the world. It was a small thing so just bring lots of dollar bills. Overall the stay was a good one that I'd recommend. Only other W that this equals is the one in San Diego which is actually probably the best in country.	
Jan 4 2006	Will NEVER return to the W Union Sqaure	I must first sat that I CANNOT believe the positive reviews about this hotel. I am truly shocked.. .The dates of our stay were December 28- January 2. We are both hardworking physicians from Maryland, and planned what we had hoped would be a wonderful get-away for our first wedding anniversary. Unfortunately our stay at your hotel was so unpleasant and stressful that this goal was not quite met. I'd like to begin with the fact that although we'd reserved and prepaid for a suite, the room we were initially given was a standard room. When we notified the front desk of the mistake they nonchalantly said that they didn't know how that had happened and actually challenged whether or not we'd really even booked a suite. Thankfully we had our printed confirmation with us, which we refered to. After some time, we were moved to a suite on the third floor. Upon entering the suite I was immediately concerned about the state of the room. Much of the furniture appeared worn, and the sleeping area so small that one had to actually move the drapes out of the way to get into the bed; in sum I was rather surprised by the suite which had been arranged for us by a hotel of this caliber. My biggest concern, however, was the state of the bathroom. There was visible dirt on the shower curtain and on the shades, the corners of the bathroom were dirty, the grout was unclean, and the general appearance was cracked and worn. I knew that there was no possible way that I could have showered in that filthy bathroom and called downstairs to ask if there was any other possible option, even if it meant going back to the previous standard room. At some point thereafter, someone helped to find us another suite (on the third floor). After looking around I conceded that this room was an improvement although I was still very much unimpressed with the suite itself. Further inspection revealed that the bathroom, though a clear improvement, still had dirty grout and caulk (readily apparent given that they are supposed to be white)--those are not even expensive improvements to make! I then found hairs in the shower (clearly not mine since we'd just checked into the room)! I must say that finding someone else's hairs in the bathroom is perhaps the least sanitary thing I have ever observed at a &quot;nicer&quot; hotel. There was no escaping the fact that the standard of cleanliness just didn't coincide with that of a high-end hotel. I'm sorry but if there is that much VISIBLE dirt at the hotel, how much &quot;invisible&quot; filth actually exists?? Just for example, our most recent hotel stays in the past several months have been at the the Ritz-Carlton South Beach, Le Meridien Cancun, the Sofitel New York, and the Fairmont Washington D.C., which we visit often, the Ritz-Carlton Kapalua, and the Ritz-Carlton Tysons Corner. I mention this to give you some indication of the standard which we are accustomed to, and although the examples which I named range from 4-5 star hotels, ALL FAR exceed the standard of cleanliness and elegance which we observed at the W Union Square, and sadly, the W is the only one of the group which I plan never to return to.Some of the additional issues which we took note of include the fact that the carpet in the hallway appeared stained and was clearly not vacuumed too frequently as there was visible &quot;debris&quot; on it during our entire stay. The ice machine was broken during the entire stay, but more consequential than that is fact that the ice machine itself was absolutely filthy, with visible mold apparent on the machine. I can't imagine how that doesn't frankly violate health codes, to be honest. We forgot to tip the housekeeping service our first day there in our rush to leave, and returned to find that our room had barely been cleaned, the tables not even wiped despite visible cup ring stains, the floor not vacuumed (noticed the same crumbs in the carpet as before their &quot;cleaning&quot;), the room not dusted (despite the visible dust on the night table and alarm clock, the pillows simply thrown on the bed, and the room temparature turned down to 59 degrees! I actually had to keep my coat on until the room warmed up again. The following days we remebered to leave a tip for housekeeping, and although the room was never really cleaned particularly well (there were two patches of dirt on the tub which we actually started to keep track of, since they were never cleaned off during the entire stay), they did then wipe the cup ring stains and arrange the bed nicely, and no one ever touched our thermostat again! The first night of our stay there wa a bottle of Voss water by the bed, which we drank. It was never replaced, so we had to call for water every day thereafter (a very small point, but just a bit surprising). We were fairly certain that the hallway was not vacuumed at all during our visit and the carpet itself appeared stained. The sleeping area in the suite was so small and the windows so drafty (despite the heavy drapes) that I spent every night in bed being cold (even with turning up the heat). I eventually had to go out and purchase a sweatshirt at Macy's to sleep in, but I still got sick by the end of my stay regardless. There is a strange loud rattling which emerges from either the vent or thermostat periodically all day and all night. The first night I heard it, it actually frightened me out of my sleep (thankfully I got used to it by the end of our stay). The last day we were there we noticed that one of our pillowcases was soiled. The bathroom was so unclean that I sprayed everything down with Lysol daily (purchased at the CVS next door the first day) and wore shower shoes (which I had brought). When we called &quot;whenever, wherever&quot; to request a pair of shower slippers for my husband, they brought him a pair of cotton bedroom slippers, which, incidentally we too small for him to fit even half of his foot in, never mind the fact that they could hardly be worn in the shower. Two days into the stay the TV in the sleeping area developed static on the channels such that one could hardly make out the picture on the screen, but we were too frustrated with our stay at that point to even bother complaining about it. We just watched our TV with static. After ordering room service the first day, we found the food to be rather mediocre, so requested a menu from Olives the following day so that we could order from there (and pick up the food ourselves). Well, we could not seem to get anyone from &quot;whenever, wherever&quot; to facilitate this seemingly simple request. It's not like we were asking them to bring the actual food (although I know other hotels would have been happy to do so); during a stay at the Ritz-Carlton we actually had a staff member insist on going to buy me cough medicine when room service noticed that I was very sick! After a fitful night's sleep, we noticed that the sheet was coming off of the matress, only to realize that the mattress was being covered by a flat sheet, and one that was far too small to keep the mattress covered once you actually get in the bed. The shower door didn't really fit and had to be &quot;shoved&quot; closed, rattling the entire shower structure...that was a bit disconcerting. One worrisome thing which occurred was prior to check-out we went to open our safe using the code which we had used for the whole stay and the safe would not open despite multiple attempts. Finally someone from security had to come up and get into the safe. When we asked how this could happen he had no explanation. It made us worry just how safe our things had been in the &quot;safe&quot; during our stay...I would like to explain that we realize that some of the issues we mentioned were quite minor, or could not realistically be addressed, but many of our problems with the hotel were not only significant ones, but ones which it would be advisble for them to address in order to be fair to their clientele and promote as sanitary environment as possible for all concerned. We ran into no fewer than 3 other guests who had complaints about the hotel during our stay. One couple actually warned us as we were checking in that we were in for an &quot;interesting&quot; stay--little did we know. We submit this letter to you because we think you should be aware, not out of mean-spiritedness or pettiness. We did take note of the fact that the W is a very stylish hotel, perhaps trendy even, and while people will overlook some issues in order to stay in a trendly hotel in Union Square, those who are accustomed to a high standard of elegance, cleanliness, and service will likely be dissatisfied regardless of the stylish aura of the hotel. I would like to mention some of the positives which we noted about the hotel as well. Overall our interaction with the staff was polite, respectful, and appropriate. Both room service and the valet service were among the most prompt we have ever experienced. The concierge was patient, polite and very informative, and returned later to thank him kindly for his assistance. Incidentally, one of the managers gave us a few vouchers for complimentary cocktails after our room switch which we thanked her graciously for, but seemed a fairly inconsequential concession for a hotel of that caliber to make given the circumstances. To behonest, all we truly wanted to do was check out and go to another hotel where we could just relax and enjoy our anniversary, rather than wait for the next thing to go wrong. Prior to leaving we did, however, request to speak with a manager, and notified them that we would be forwarding a letter detailing our issues, but mentioned some of the ones which they should probably address ASAP, like overall cleanliness, the housekeeping issue, and the ice machine.Unfortunately, I must end by stating that we have no intention of returning to the W Union Square. Ultimately it was an overpriced, unpleasant &quot;vacation&quot; for us at a filthy hotel and we were very happy to return home and sleep in our own comfortable bed --KING sized, pillow-top...)!	
Dec 7 2005 	some will love - some wont	Let me be straight - I am not a fan of 'boutique' hotels - but had to stay here as New York was packed post Thanksgiving.First - the location - its excellent - very lively around Union Square and a lot to see and do within a short walk. The hotel public areas are well presented and the bar is superb for watching the 'beautiful people' though service varied from seamless to awful.I am not a fan of the dark corridors leading to the rooms - nor the lighting in the rooms. Both my room and my colleagues were VERY dark and the lighting so subtle (seemed like 20 watt bulbs) that we could not read the room menu (itself presented in an annoying strip of plastic format). The room itself was immaculate, well presented and cosy.Olives restaurant was excellent with good service and food though choice was limited. However - it was a nightmare for breakfast with chillout music blasting out. Cool if you are hip - drreadful if you are trying to have a business breakfast.Lastly the staff - like another reviewer I felt I was intruding on their beautiful experience - I found them often distant and indifferent.If you are hip/on holiday - a good hotel - if you are on serious business - (unless it is a .com) you might find it a bit jarring.	
Nov 14 2005	Maybe my expectations were a little high....	Having read many accounts on this website and also the usual travel journals, i decided the W would be the ideal choice for a UK newbie tourist to NYC. As this is a $500 a night hotel, i was expecting a lot for my money, but I dont think we really got it. This hotel seemed more aimed towards the US business market and we couldnt help feeling fairly out of place. The bed was extremely comfortable, but in general the fittings were below par, already looking a little worn. Service was pretty ordinary, food and drink is overpriced even for New York, but I guess the demand to be seen here is quite high. The location was ok but I wouldn't choose to go back to this W hotel in the future.	
Nov 9 2005	Hip and Trendy Hotel	This hotel was so great. I came to New York with my sister and we had such a great time mostly because of our stay here! The room was so nice, everyhing had a modern feel to it so it seemed as if everything was new. The beds were amazing, it was like sleeping on clouds. The service was great. They have a little bar, lounge area downstairs which is great so you can grab a drink before going out on the town! I definetly recommend this hotel to anyone going into the city. The W hotel was great!	
Oct 22 2005 	Great as usual...	This was about the 6th or 7th time that I have stayed here. After staying at other trendy hotels in NY like the Soho Grand and the Tuscany and staying at luxury properties like the Mandarin and The Lowell I can say I will probably always stay at the W Union Square whenever I am in NY. I have always been upgraded to a large corner room or a suite and the staff have always been topnotch with only one exception in several stays. When this one exception was brought to the managements attention it was handled quickly and in a very professional manner, they comped room service breakfast for both me and my wife for the entire week that we were there. Great location for going uptown, downtown and to Brooklyn with the neighborhood itself having great food and convienences. I always go down to the farmers market on Union Square, get breakfast and bring back to my room with the exception being the time that breakfast was comped. Great rooms, service, food and location, what more can anyone ask for?	
Sep 13 2005	Nice hotel but noisy	The location of the hotel is great -- very close to shopping, restaurants, subway, etc. The room was also a good size for NYC. The big problem we had involved noisy guests. A party arrived around 12 midnight and made significant noise most of the night. This included bellman brining up luggage and knocking on adjacent door. After hours of noise called front desk around 4.30am. Becuase of this I would not stay again at this hotel.	
Sep 9 2005	As far as I know the BEST of all...	I have stayed at Westin Essexhouse Parkview room and Westin Times Square Executive room... W Union Square is much better than these two hotels. The staff is very kind and very professional and very helpful.The location is just great. The room is incredibly large and clean and modern. The bed and bathroom are much higher than NY standards.I have no idea why people complain. But there's one thing to be aware of. People who hate dogs shouldn't stay. I'm sure you'll see it more than once at your stay. Except that, I will go back to this hotel for sure.	
Jul 22 2005	The W Union Square is exactly what a boutique hotel in NYC should be!	We stayed at the W Union Square last month as I had taken my girlfriend to NYC to propose. After the proposal we drove over to the W and were wisked from our car by the valet directly to check in. Finding out that we had just gotten engaged, they upgraded our normal room to a junior sweet without our asking and were very gracious about it. We went from Car to room in under 5 minutes. We had a corner room with great views of Union Square. The room was absolutely wonderful, everything had clearly been thought out. DVD and cd players in both the sitting room and the bedroom. Very stylish room as you would come to expect from the W. I've stayed in 3 or 4 different W's and this was my favorite by far. Like other reviewers, we found the bed to be very comfortable. Location can't be beat. Bar in the lobby is a great jumping off point and bar in the basement is a nice place to wrap it up at the end of the night. All in all, the W provided a perfect stay and we will back.	
Jul 13 2005 	This W actually makes sense	Two nights. Two nights of wonderful sleep and great people willing to meet your needs. Two nights of prompt and deliscious meals (delivered by friendly room service) that never fails to meet the expectations. Of heaven.I have even tried, for two nights, to think of a flaw for this shelter in a storm of a city. And I've failed. It's surreal. A wonderful location with a responsive staff, great design, and a bed that Aphrodite slept in peacefully. One that could rest the shoulders of Atlas and render the legendary sandman but a useless fixture on the streets of Manhattan.Do I exaggerate? Perhaps slightly, but understand my past. I had stayed in the SOHO Grand only nights before. This was a dramatic step up. In quality, style, and most importantly, SIZE. I could move. I was free to walk the room. To pace back and forth at the foot of a well-made bed.Not a complaint in the world. Easy to say when it's on the company's tab.	
May 30 2005 	Best of the best	I am a part-time transplant in New York, living at the W Union Square. My work takes me here about 27 days each month. To my good fortune, I've been able to stay at this fantastic hotel. Everything from the quality of the service to the ameneties, to the rooms are all top rate. When I first started traveling to NYC about 2 years ago, I stayed at a number of the higher rated properties on the island. The W Union Square, hands down, is the best. (I've stayed at all 5 W properties in NYC, and the Union Square one is by far the best)	
May 19 2005 	Nice Lobby 	I recently stayed at the hotel while attending a trade show. Service is polite and adequate but do not feel completely sincere. The workers somehow make you feel they are better than you. It feels like the hotel is trying to create a &quot;young&quot; vibe, so the workers are in a different dimension than the guests. Decoration is nice but not necessaryly 1st calss except in the lobby and bar.I will take the Parador in Arcos de la frontera or Empress Hotel in Victoria over W Union Square anytime.	
May 3 2005	Stunning room great bed great location	My wife and I spend this weekend in NYC at &quot;The W&quot; and it was simply outstanding.Basics: the room was huge by NYC standards, and absolutely perfect -- stylish, comfortable, unique and has everything. Walls are soundproofed and windows keep out enough of the road noise. I have stayed at several NYC boutique hotels of lesser caliber -- while they had cool lobbies and nice locations they had tiny, not-so-great rooms. W added the minor detail of a fantastic room and exceptional bed. And also had a cool lobby and great location.Then again, it's far from inexpensive. But sometimes I feel like you pay a lot of money and get a lousy room -- here you spend more and get a LOT more. And, never underestimate the value of a great, great bed :-)Location is great. Union Square is on the East side at around 17th St, which is a very hip and fun place to be -- Times Square is also nice (we stayed around there on several previous visits) but I feel like Union Square is more &quot;real NYC&quot;. The place was buzzing, and there's great shopping, eating and drinking establishments all nearby. We did shopping &quot;sorties&quot; -- going to one or two stores, carrying back our purchases, resting, and then out for another round. The hotel has a &quot;living room&quot; bar off the lobby with great people-watching. Warning: check the bar menu prices before you order drinks (one Margarita: $14. Yeah it was a good drink, but... $14!!!). Another negative: while they have a great restaurant (&quot;Olives&quot;), they stop serving food by 10:30, so don't plan on being hungry. Bar service was not great; we had to ask twice to get our check for our pricey drinks; that was a bit of a negative in our overall experience. There are several other good later-night restaurant/bars around which are better bets.We had lunch at the restaurant -- actually it was brunch. We were not interested in breakfast food, and reluctantly chose from a small number of lunch options ... and were thrilled with the exceptional food. (Disclaimer: we went to the original Olives in Boston shortly after it opened, and have been fans of Todd English's food ever since).We went to dinner and a show on Saturday night -- the cab drive to the theater district was quick and only a few dollars.We drove down (from Boston) and left the car in the hands of the valets. Covered, garage parking was quite reasonable, by NY standards.Bottom line: if you are willing to shell out the money, this hotel is an absolutely great place to stay for a New York weekend.	
Apr 26 2005	loved the W Hotel at Union Square	stayed for 4 nights at the W at Union Square. Loved it. Service was great, location is wonderful. The room was really nice with 2 windows looking onto the square. We liked everything about it. the lobby gets crazy at night but you can ignore that. Basically it was pleasant and I would stay there again. I have stayed at quite a few hotels in NYC and so far like this one the best.	
Apr 11 2005	Great Place	As a present to us for our engagement party, we were given a night at the W union square. I dont know how much the room I had would have cost but I can guess more than $500.00 a night. It was a great room with comfortable bed, nice big heavy drapes to keep the room dark, big bathroom with Bliss products, and three windows for a 180 degree view of the city. It was a great place, super quiet and very comfortable.We werent there for long and so i didnt have any interaction with the staff. Although, we had planned to have one last drink at the bar before bed but when we got in there realized that it was a real scene and super crowded. We decided to forget it after waiting at the bar for about 10 minutes with no service.That we had that experience at the bar didnt affect my appreciation of the beautiful hotel, great location and comfortable room. It was a great hotel.	
Jan 20 2005	Couldn't have been better!	My Husband and I stayed at the W Union Square for Xmas with 2 large dogs. We were all welcomed(dogs included).The View was great ,the service was wonderful even bringing cookies for the dogs at bed time.Everyone was very helpful at all times. There was coffee and hot cider for free along with fresh fruit in the lobby. Nothing we asked for was too much including an extra bowl for the dog's water.It was positively delightful!	
Dec 2 2004	Wonderful Service Mediocre Room	My husband and I were treated very well by the staff at the W Union Square. Everyone was wonderful, but we tipped through the nose because we were on an expense account, so I am not sure that everyone would receive the same kindness. Our room was $459 per night, and I thought it was far less than a bargain. The room was nice and well-decorated, but it was not exciting or interesting. It paled in comparison to the Sofitel or the Rihga. The bar was very hip, and the restaurant was quite good-- it's a Todd English establishment. I don't have any real complaints, but I might not stay there again if I could find something more wonderful in the area.	
Nov 30 2004	dark romoms	dark rooms but eveyting overall good	
Nov 19 2004	The Best Hotel in New York	This is the best hotel in New York City, bar none. Their staff is outstanding, ready to assist and respond to any need. Everytime I stepped into their lobby, I was greeted by a doorman or bellman within seconds. I was extremely surprised at how friendly and personable everyone was in light of how trendy the hotel is. My room was beautiful and their restaurant is excellent. This is my new home in NYC and I can't wait to return.	
Nov 1 2004	All Hype No Substance!	Decided to splurge and stay at the W Union Square for parent's w/e at NYU. At $425 a night (and that was WITH the discount through NYU!), I expected a lot more. We entered a dark cave (that was with all the lights on) and could barely walk around the edge of the bed. My daughter opened the water on the bedside table which I discovered cost $8.50! View was lovely, a brick wall. The bathroom had missing tiles and the grout was falling out in the shower (no tub.) They supplied the least expensive hair dryer possible. You know, the kind that rips out half of your hair because it's so small. On Sat night there was a function on the 2nd floor and we were regaled with the beat of the music until 2am. On sunday, we had breakfast at Olives (their restaurant), two bagels, one tea, one cranberry juice, $36 and they included an 18% gratuity.Next time we will go back to the Westin Times Square where we had a lovely stay and take the subway to NYU!	
Sep 28 2004	What a great hotel!!!!!	The W Union Square is one of the best hotels in NYC. The beds are out of this world. I encountered friendly staff, always willing to help out. I had a great view from room 2112. I didn't run into any problems what so ever. The room was great, the housekeeping staff kept the room tidy and full of Bliss products (just a little bummed they quit using Aveda). The food in the restaurant was up to NYC standards and price. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat! Thanks for a great experience.	
Sep 21 2004	Unpleasant	&quot;Trendy&quot; may be a classification that has been placed on this hotel because there are a lot of young single New Yorkers who come to the bar/lounge in the lobby to hang out in the evenings. If that is what you are looking for then you can come join yourself to the trendy set at the hotel's bar/lounge without submitting yourself to the other inconveniences of the Hotel. My sister &amp; I stayed at &quot;The W&quot; and we were disappointed in the rooms and the staff.Our rooms were extremely small and cramped. And no place to put our folded clothes except in our suitcase's and then no room for the suitcases to be out in the open. The closets were behind the entrance/exit door to the room and were difficult to reach back into.There was an incident where for 3 nights in a row someone in a room adjacent to ours would decide to have a party at 2:00 am and we complained to the management but, they failed to resolve the issue. It did not stop until the guest checked out of the hotel. The management did not want to compensate us for the lack of sleep. Their attitude was that since we did not change rooms then they felt that they were not responsible for the inconvenience that it created for us.When we checked out at the end of our week long stay, we found that we were being charged for items that had been in the mini bar. We explained that we NEVER consumed any items out of the mini bar and that our only contact with the mini bar was to keep some of our personal food item's stored there for the refrigeration. They did remove those charges for the mini bar but, only after a lengthy, unharmonious discussion.There was one shinning star [10 star value] in the Hotel and that was ONE of the female concierge's. She was a dream come true in that she was very knowledgeable about how to get around in the city without having to rely solely on taxis. And she even gave us her personal hotel number to call if we got lost or needed more help while we were out. She gave us great restaurant advise and sent us to affordable, walking distance restaurants that we enjoyed very much.On my next trip to NYC, I will look elsewhere for accommodations in the Union Square area.	
Sep 16 2004	Food disappointing	I decided to try this &quot;W&quot; after hearing the hype, and I do love their beds, but I can truly say the room service food is dire - overcooked &amp; leather like on both occassions I tried it. Perhaps the room service catering is outsourced as it certainly didn't taste like it came from the kitchen of a top chef. And yes, I agree with other reviewers that the rooms are too dark to work in.	
Aug 11 2004	Very pleasant stay	My wife and I just stayed here for 2 nites over a weekend. Overall, a very pleasant stay, completely free of the attitude we've occasionally encountered when staying at other W properties.We had room 2106 on the top floor, a &quot;Mega Room&quot;. The bed was great (as always) and the bathroom was very spacious, with a standalone shower. (And the water pressure was very strong, perhaps too strong in fact.) The room wasn't brand spanking new but the wear was minimal. And yes, the hallways are indeed very dark, too dark in fact. I struggled to find the 'keyhole' in the door almost every time!We didn't eat or drink in the hotel so no comment on that front. The lobby was very busy in the evenings with the typical W crowd, with drinks aplenty.The desk personnel and doormen were great, very friendly and helpful.The location is excellent, the best of all of the NY Ws by far.	
Aug 5 2004 	Very nice if a little on the wacky side	I stayed at the W Union Square for two nights last week. I had a room on the 9th floor and thought it was quite spacious for a New York hotel room-- though there was a king-size bed, there was actually plenty of room to move around. The bed is definitely as comfortable as everyone says it is! The decor was what I expected from a W-- modern, on the stark side, in shades of gray and brown with dark wood. That works for me, but some might think it's a bit blah. I did think the room could have used better lighting-- I didn't mind the dark color scheme but didn't think I had enough light to read comfortably at night, even with all the lamps on. The hallways, also, are SUPER dark. Room service was prompt, and the food was very good (plus, they randomly brought me a box of RedHots with dinner), and housekeeping was quick to bring me foam pillows when I requested them. The room was very clean and everything worked. Someone else noted that the closet is very small-- that's true. I had just a few things, so it was fine, but it wouldn't be great for a week's worth of clothing. The hotel does seem to be trying a bit too hard to be hip sometimes. They get some things right-- love the Aveda bath stuff-- but the elevator music is kind of annoying, and the fact that there's a glossary of hotel terms in the hotel info book is more amusing than cool. (The staff are known as &quot;cast members&quot;... um, isn't that what they call the workers at DisneyWorld? That doesn't exactly seem like something the W would want to emulate... but I digress...) One thing to be aware of: there was a list of movies you could borrow to watch in the room, and I thought this was a great idea. Only when I called to request one did I find out that it's not free to borrow them-- I think the fee is something like $10/day. They need to make that clear. Finally, there's a CVS right next door, so you can stock up there on sodas and snacks and avoid the crazy minibar prices.	
Jul 7 2004	W Hotel in Union Sqaure	Fabulous! The decor is modern and clean. The service is exceptional. The restaurant, Olives, is wonderfully gourmet although a little pricey. The beds are like sleeping on clouds in heaven. The location is perfect for theater goers, park dwellers, shoppers, and those who appreciate fine dining. When you check in ask for an upgrade... you very well may get one.	
Jun 28 2004 	Horrible service great beds...	If you can ignore the hordes of trendies in the lobby and thumping techno music in the elevators and run straight to your room, the W can be quite nice. The beds are lovely and even the smallest &quot;wonderful&quot; room is a decent size for a NYC hotel. Aside from the ever-helpful doormen, the service is an abomination. On two occasions, the bell desk lost packages within minutes of picking them up from me. You'll wait a while for the overpriced room service and there's no ordering breakfast before 8:30am, which I found extremely odd. Maybe I'm the only one who stays there for business and everyone else is simply recovering from their benders at Underbar (don't be tempted by the &quot;special basement access&quot; - it's an awful place).	
May 21 2004	Good trendy hotel on Union Square.	Just a note to preface this: My rating of 2/5 is based on the blurb next to the choices that reads &quot;Okay, but some problems&quot;. Also, as I write this, I am currently staying in one of the W Hotel Union Square's rooms, so what you read here will hot off the press, so to speak.Booking:I booked my hotel for this trip using Starwood's online reservation system, which went fine. They give you a confirmation, as well as the rates that you will be paying, but note that the rate does not include: State sales/ room taxes and occupancy (13.63% and US$2.00/night respectively). They also have a 24 hour (1 day prior to stay, at 4pm) cancellation policy which, if not heeded, will earn you 1 night's room charges.If you are booking your stay I’ve listed the room level names below, as they use silly names with no explanations as to which is cheapest, or most expensive:&quot;Wonderful&quot; (their version of a “standard” room)&quot;Spectacular&quot; (a deluxe)&quot;Mega” (a superior)Suites (duh)Location:Union Square is one of the most vibrant areas of New York (many great restaurants and shops within walking distance; plenty of subway entrances; a renowned farmer’s market on the weekends, etc.), and the W is located at the top right hand (east side) of the square. If coming by cab, the easiest thing to do is ask for the corner of Park Avenue South and 17th Street. If coming by car, circumnavigate the square to the east and take 17th Street towards Union Square (back westwards). The hotel offers valet parking at US$45 for unlimited 24 hour access, however there are cheaper places (i.e: Irving Place). Also, check your bill when checking out, I was charged US$45 for parking for each night I stayed even though I only valet parked at the hotel for one night.Overall hotel:The door staff are a little absent minded, with only one usually manning the entrance. Unless you are there odd hours, it will be a bit of a fight to be noticed, be it to get a cab or to have your luggage brought in. They are also a little too casual with a “what’s up?” more likely than a “good morning/afternoon/evening” as a greeting. In their defense, they do have a decent attitude though (read: not as snobby as the staff at other ‘trendy’ hotels can be).The lobby reception/concierge is straight ahead through the doors, and the house bar (Olives) is to the right. It gets a bit cramped during the day because guests tend to mingle in the lobby area to meet and greet. Also, they have live candles on the reception desk, not such a great idea considering guests do put their bags up there.The corridors to the rooms are not so great in design, as they are lit solely by the lamps that flank each guest room doorway. These lamps are low wattage, purple shaded bulbs which give off very little light, and give the place a bit of a low-rent feel, rather than the chill/soothing atmosphere I think they were going for.The rooms:As I was in and out of NYC on this trip I stayed in two different rooms within a 7 day period. The first room was a &quot;Spectacular&quot; on the upper levels of floors 1-10, and the second was on the middle levels of floors 10-20. For you non-veterans of NYC: As with any room, in any (older) building in this city, you will not be able to escape the honking yellow cabs or the incessant blare of the sirens unless the walls are solid concrete, the windows are double glazed and you are above the 20th storey; none of which apply to the W. Do check the window locks though, as they were left unlocked in both of my rooms, allowing a lot more noise to seep in.The rooms themselves were aesthetically pleasing, with the interior color scheme being a mix of pinks, purples, browns, blacks and beiges; very much in the vein of the current modern/minimalist trend hotels seem to be going through. The layout however is not so well thought out, for example, the desk chair in the Mega bumped up against the wall making access to the desk an exercise in contortion. Another negative is the room lighting, which consists of a few table lamps (around 60 watts), a floor lamp (100 watt maybe?) and an entry spotlight (fluorescent, very little output); this is a firm guarantee that anyone who steps into the room after dark will fall asleep.Speaking of sleep, the beds are a terrific place to be. The mattresses are fantastically supple, yet not unsupportive; the pillows are great, being of the rectangular variety with 2 soft, and 2 stiffer ones per side; and the comforter/blanket is also thick and fluffy. Also, the air-conditioning (controlled by a digital thermostat) works well and keeps the room at a comfortable temperature, although I’m not sure of the heating.The bathrooms are well lit (which is a big plus in my book), with the color scheme being a mix of whites, beiges and browns. The shower faucet only has one single pressure setting, but the pressure is mid to high even though shower head is wide in diameter. One downside is the lack of ventilation (although there is a vent in there), and the frosted glass doors, both of which are not so great if there are visitors around. There is also an ample supply of towels, although the bath towels are a little too skimpy in size, and give the impression that their bean-counters were taking the minimalist trend a little too literally. Note that there is a little paper dial on the bedside table that gives you a choice to retain your sheets and towels, or have them changed daily. The bath products are by Aveda, and are a nice alternative to the run-of-the-mill Bulgari or L’Occitane options that most hotels in this price range have.Other positive things in the room that stand out are: the thickly padded armchairs; the Fairytale Brownies that they give you on the first night of your stay, I got a box of chocolates the day before I left as well; there was a VCR in both of my rooms, as well as a HP fax/printer in the Mega; there is also a “Munchie Box” which is filled with all sorts of useful things like snacks, a first aid kit and (amusingly enough) an intimacy kit, amongst other things.Negative stuff include the amount of ambient noise, as you will hear other people running water in nearby rooms, and people talking in the corridor. Also, the internet service is unacceptably patchy, a very big mark against a hotel that sells internet inclusive packages and makes such a big deal of their high speed internet access availability. For example, if the connection is idle it will cut out, and only rebooting your computer will help refresh it. During my first stay it quit out entirely throughout the hotel, which is an incredibly inconvenient thing when fast and reliable internet access is imperative. Poor upkeep (torn carpets, greasy smudges on the windows) is also a negative. I also found a bread crumb on one of my pillows… let’s just say I never ordered room service. The hotel also has a tendency to try to stick as much as possible on your bill, like the parking charges I mentioned above, so double check your bill again on check out.Conclusion:I am torn between the convenience of location, versus the value of this hotel. There are other hotels (both up and down town) that offer better value for the money, all within the same price range; one of which I looked at was the Maritime Hotel. That said, the W on Union Square did live up to the expectations I had, especially as they were tempered by the reviews I had read here. I would consider staying again at this hotel on a future visit, as well as recommend it to anyone looking for a newer hotel in this part of town.	
Apr 28 2004 	Sucked in by the hype		
Mar 22 2004	Over-hyped over-rated		
Jan 13 2004	The Best!		
Jan 5 2004	Four Fantastic Days		
Nov 30 2003	bad experience		
Oct 26 2003	The best W Hotel in NYC		
Sep 13 2003	excellent service		
May 3 2003	Heavenly beds!!!		
Jan 27 2003	This W's the best!		
Sep 12 2002	I'll never forget the staff or the hotel - 1st rate!		
Nov 9 2009 	??????????????		
Sep 29 2009 	???????		
Nov 13 2008 	Hotel parfait.		
Sep 26 2008 	Stile minimalista		
Aug 18 2008 	tres decevant		
Mar 3 2008 	Très bien !!!		
