Nov 25 2009 	Great location staff; would go back	I was at this Hampton for 3 weekender nights in mid-Nov 09. It is but a block walk from Penn Station, which is nice when one has luggage. Right off the bat, the front desk staff were just delightful. Smiling greetings, super helpful and efficient- can't ask for more than that. The front desk always had a smile and a offer of help. Very nice!!! There is a PC in the lobby, though we did not use it; I did see others. Our room was on 16th floor, corner, double beds. It was a little tight, but good enough. Nice flat screen on the wall, which I'm sure, greatly helped in the configuration of the room. There was a desk in the corner with complimentary chips &amp; water and a standing closet next to the window. Like I said, it was tight, but it wasn't bad. Shower was good, though very high up, but stayed hot. We didn't hear alot of noise in the room from the outside but some. Breakfast was nice, though, again, a bit cozy. Cold &amp; hot items available with coffee and juices. Seemed to be replenished quickly. We went all 3 mornings, even though there is a Dunkin Donuts right next store as well as a cafe. Th eonyl down side, if one even want to call it that, was the elevators can be delayed if housekeeping is doing their run. There is no service elevator for them to use. The whole hotel is very space efficient. So be aware of those at mid-afternoon times. Penn is super close, so you can take a subway anywhere and you know at roads lead back to Penn, so really no worries about missing a train. Comfortable walk to Times Sq (or subway), Macys around the corner. All said and done, I would go back to this Hampton. It was $197/night, which is not too bad for the City, but probably can be better if I booked earlier.	
Nov 25 2009 	hampton inn- perfect	Stayed here 19-23 November. This is a hotel in a perfect location- MSG minutes away, Times Squate, 10 minutes. However the street is comparatively quiet- considering this is NY! Hotel room very clean- spacios (2 adults in 2 double bedded room), bathroom sppotless with loads of fresh towls every day.Staff in lobby always chatty and friendly- breakfast great- plenty of fresh fruit as well.Internet access a bonus- always eady to use the computers.Would highly recommend this hotel- great budget too.	
Nov 18 2009 	Excellent	We stayed on a Saturday and Sunday night to introduce our 4-year-old daughter to New York City. First off, the room was the most spacious we've ever stayed in in NYC. Not huge by any means, but roomy and good-sized by NYC standards. And it was immaculate! I am a huge freak when it comes to hotel rooms and cleanliness, and this hotel certainly passed the test.The staff was friendly and always gave you a warm hello in the lobby. That was nice, as it doesn't happen everywhere! Free breakfast was tasty and the bed was really comfortable. It was close to midtown, Times Square, and a subway stop was only just around the corner. Very quiet, friendly and just the right size for our little family. We had a great time during our stay, and I'd highly recommend this hotel to others.	
Nov 13 2009 	Perfect	Very good rooms, clean and confortable! Great location and helpfull staff.	
Nov 10 2009 	great location - very friendly staff	I stayed here while I was attending a trade show at the Javits. This location is perfect - you can walk to the trade show, Times Square and just about anywhere. The staff was very friendly at check in and seem to really like talking to the guests. The breakfast room attendant, Mohammed, made you feel like a guest in his home every day! The rooms are clean and well maintained. There seems to be a mix of families, tourists and business people.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent hotel in very convenient location	I stayed at the hotel on 7 Nov., 2009 and was very impressed: friendly front desk staff, good selection breakfast buffet, free wireless access in room AND free computers in the lobby, room was small but you are not in NY to sit in your room and the bed was very comfortable. The location was great- only 1/2 block from Penn station with Newark Airport train and subway connections, 3 block from Herald Square with new outdoor seating plaza(street blocked off from traffic).It is a simple but solid 2,5 star hotel. I will definitively be back!	
Oct 29 2009 	Fantastic location will definitely stay again	This was my second choice of hotel but so glad I changed my booking. Location was fantastic both for sites and transport. Hotel clean and tidy. Complimentary breakfast. Free wifi. Free tea and coffees downstairs. Room quite small for 2 adults and 2 teenagers but no smaller than other NYC hotels I've stayed it. Front desk staff were very helpful and friendly which isn't always the norm in NY. Would recommend it to everybody.	
Oct 28 2009 	A top place to stay	My wife and I stayed here for two and a half weeks and we were straight away made to feel at home and the staff were exceptional with their friendliness and helpfulness. The rooms are clean, and generous in size, the bed is extremely comfortable and the hotel is very quiet. Complimentary breakfast is sufficient to start you on a busy day's activities and there is hot tea and coffee available at all times. We asked for a refrigerator in our room and this was done immediately at no charge. The location is nicely central between downtown and uptown and very handy to the subway at 34th street and the Penn Station/subway on 7th avenue. Our tip for travellers is that midtown is too touristy so head downtown to the quaint and interesting districts, or else uptown to Central Park and the museums. The closest supermarket (Wholefoods) is quite handy on 7th avenue and 24th street.	
Oct 25 2009 	Location location location!!!	Stayed here for 1 night in October 09 -- wonderful staff - very friendly and helpful!!Nice rooms, decent size and nice size bathroom - clean, comfy beds. Only 1.5 blocks away from MSG, Penn Station -- wonderful location!!!!Will definitely stay here again!	
Oct 18 2009 	At last! a place that I can call home in New York!	Great Hotel who's rooms are HUGE by normal New York standards. I booked this hotel on the basis of previous reviews and also because we have stayed in quite a few Hampton Inns and have always had a good experience. This hotel did nothing to spoil that opinion. The desk staff were excellent (especially Lisa!) The rooms were always cleaned well and promptly by happy, friendly staff. The rooms thmselves were well appointed and as previously mentioned huge by New York standards. The bed was wonderfully comfortable which is important after hours of pounding the pavement sightseeing and shopping. Hmmmmmmmmmm shopping... one of my favorite things to do.. especially in New York... As other reviewers have mentioned.. the location of the hotel is fabulous for all the major shops..Dont forget when you go to Maceys to take your passport with you and go to the customer service desk and get a discount shoppers card.. it will give you 10% off the majority of your purchases... even things that are on sale are included. Manhattan is great for clothing and shoes because there is no sales tax on an item if it is under $110.. so what you see on the tag is what you pay.. unlike other American states.In a nutshell i wont be staying anywhere else next time we are in New York... I have travelled there many times and have finally found a place that ticks all the boxes.. clean, well located, well appointed, reasonably priced (no mean feat in NYC!) free internet and free breakfast with friendly staff to wrap up the parcel!	
Oct 14 2009 	fantastic FAB FAB FAB	Everything about this hotel is great, clean modern and friendly great location just round corner from Macy's empire state and Penn station. Can't fault the free breakfast also use internet for free!! will go to New York again and not consider looking at any other hotels will defo book this one again	
Oct 13 2009 	Very good hotel	Very good hotel, great location, very close to Madison Square Garden. Staff polite and always helpful.Breakfast could be more varied.	
Oct 10 2009	Great location	Stayed here with 17 year old grandson. Fantastic location, as we came into Penn Station and the hotel is right around the corner. Very friendly and helpful staff.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great place to stay friendly helpful staff	We stayed here for 7 nights with our 2 teenage children. things we loved: Great location; 2 - 5 minute walk from the Manhattan Mall with JC Penny and a few minutes more for Macys. About 15-20 minute walk to Times Square, same for Grand Central Station. Not far from Empire State Building. (mind you I am a slow walker as well). Location to the subway was good for a few different lines.John (Conceirge) was incredibly welcoming and friendly. Staff in general were very friendly and helpful. One instance the maid was making up our room when I returned as my daughter was ill, she quickly made the beds left and came back later in the day to check to see if she was ok and if we needed anything. Rooms were very clean. Beds and pillows are very very comfortable - which when you first look at them they appear lumpy but whatever they have done makes them beautiful to sleep on.I am a very light sleeper and had no problems with any noise from either outside or other rooms.Free internet services near the front desk. They had 2 machines but I didn't have to wait to use it at any time.What we didn't like:Not much.The lifts are somewhat slow. But unless you are going up and down or have a tour group book in ahead of you it is not an overwhelming problem.No fridge in the room. Again, not a huge problem, but just think you should know.For us coming from Australia, we were surprised at the size of the rooms - small. Having said that we had 2 double beds plus 5 large suitcases. The room beside us had 1 king or double bed in it an it looked perfect! With that in mind we coped and by the end of the week we did not see it as a problem. Interestingly when we had to get a doctor to the room, she mentioned that it the room was big for New York standards.Overall:Would we stay there again - absolutely! I can tell you that I am an incredibly picky person when it comes to accommodation and I would have not any hesitation returning to this hotel.	
Oct 7 2009 	Excellent in all but room size - but there were four of us	Excellent location, frindly &amp; helpful staff, really clean, adequate breakfast - can't complain. The only niggle for me was the room size - we booked a double for four adults - yes we expect there to be space lacking when there's four of us (we'd rather use the money to shop with) however these rooms are painfully small. There was very little space to store suitcases - no under bed space - we had to ask the hotel to remove the chair from under the desk to give us more room. However - had there been just two of us I would be saying how perfect it was - everything else was brilliant...so my advice would be if four of you want to share a room, there are other hotels that have bigger quad rooms, but if there are just two of you...this hotel in nicer than a lot of other hotels in many other ways. Cleaned every day, clean towels, big LCD TV, Heater/aircon very effective, comfy beds...lovely! The hotel booked us a taxi back to Newark and they sent a stretch limo and it was only $80, which is what the yellow cab had cost us from the airport (inc tips) - worth the tiny bit extra for a nice end to the holiday!	
Oct 7 2009 	The New York Leg Of Our Road Trip	Completed an ambitious road trip from Toronto&gt;Boston&gt;New York City with some friends earlier this year. We booked online from London, England. The 3 reasons we choose this hotel were...1. 4 friends sharing one room- check.2. Parking available on site for our car- check3. Cheap-ish price (especially when split between 4)- checkThe appeal of this hotel was its central Manhattan location and it's relatively low price when split between 4 also the knowledge that it had a parking deal with a local underground car park (parking in New York was something we knew nothing about and didn't want to chance on such an important leg of our trip; when booking online from England it felt difficult to find a hotel which catered for parking and this was one of the best/'only' deals we could find).After a day of driving down from Boston and stopping off at retail outlet (Woodbury Common) we arrived at the hotel in the evening. Driving at this time of night was easy and a nice way to enter the city. Staff explained how the parking worked, we unpacked the car, threw the bags in the room while our friend kept the engine running outside. We all then jumped back in the car and drove one block to the car park the hotel had a deal with (maybe a 5 minute walk- Not far at all, and the price was a bargain compared to what we would have spent without the hotel discount).The room was amazing, everything was clean, water pressure was good, etc.. etc.. flat screen on the wall. However! For 4 guys in a room it was a bit pokey. Being on a road-trip we were all living out of our bags and this really took up the floor space. The room was narrow and after you've put 2 double beds and 4 guys plus bags in there it feels a little bit like the Shawshank Redemption (Please Note: I'm not complaining; the hotel was great and everything was clean, we were looking for a cheap place to stay and actually this far outweighed our expectations!)The location of the hotel was great if your sightseeing, a 2 minute walk to Madison Square Garden and from there you can catch a subway or a cab to just about anywhere. If your after a less touristy underground NYC trip then I think you'd want to avoid staying in Manhattan- whether you like it or not you kind of get sucked in to all the tourist traps and restaurant gimmicks. We spent a couple of days doing the tourist thing and a couple of days in the more Immigrant areas, if there's culture to be had it is in these areas.The breakfast at the hotel was buffet style and adequate. Some hot food as well as cold food and bagels- hamburgers one day, and a weird meat porridge the next (only 1 of the 4 of us dared to eat the meat porridge). This was a nice way to start the day and the restricted serving hours forced us to get out of bed and eat the breakfast (a small chore if you've been out late the night before).We added and extra day to the New York leg and the hotel was accommodating. They let us keep the same room. However we did pay a more expensive room rate compared to the rate we had paid online back in England.) Positives: Really really clean! Gym, (Just cardio, no weights, although we didn't have a chance to use.)Negatives: No Pool. Small for 4 men sharing 2 double beds.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great location and great price	I booked this hotel months in advance and managed to get 5 nights for 1100 dollers. The hotel is clean and the staff go out of their way to help you. Rooms are perfect for a city stop and the beds massive. Breakfast is good and plenty of it. Its just unfortunate it is on plastic plates with plastic knives and folks. Coffee and tea available 24/7. WiFi in rooms and internet free in the reception. I would stay here again, the hotels location is perfect if your out all day site seeing. Walking distance of Times Square, ESB and subways 1 block away.	
Oct 4 2009 	Clean 	The 4 of us arrived on Sunday 20th September for a three night stay. I'd echo what other contributors have written - the rooms are an adequate size, but not huge. They are, however, clean, with fresh towels daily. I must have timed things well because we never had a long wait to use the lift.The included breakfast was basic, but there with some hot food, bagels and bread to toast, juice, coffee and tea and fresh fruit. We were there for weekday breakfasts and the room got busy, but we always managed to find a space. It was plenty to set you up for a day's sightseeing.I'd also like to emphasise the helpfulness of the staff - one was on his way home but still spent the time to give us directions to a restaurant, another helped us contact a restaurant where we'd lost some property the night before and a third told us how much we could expect to pay for a limousine to get the 4 of us and our luggage to Brooklyn Cruise Terminal on our final day. We got back a little earlier than we expected, but he called and managed to get us picked up early &amp; offered to take photos of us in our limo. It's little things like this that make a stay memorable. Give this hotel a try - it's located near both Penn Street Station &amp; Herald Square Subway. And if the U.N. effectively close off the Upper East Side of town, you can still get around easily here!	
Oct 3 2009 	Good value and great central location	What strikes you is the tiny street frontage of this hotel, but don't let this put you off. It is moderately priced, in a great location and offers a lot for your money. Only one block to Penn Station and interstate bus stops. Friendly &amp; helpful staff, free newspaper in foyer and free internet in room. Rooms were quite small (what you would expect in NY) but modern and clean. Free continental buffet breakfast was adequate, but not lavish (the fruit bowl often ran out and they were a bit slow replenishing it). The breakfast room was a bit cramped, simply because it was very popular with the guests - not many other places offered free breakfast. Overall great value for money and top location.	
Oct 1 2009 	Excellent value in agreat location.	Stayed in last week of Septmber. Airtrain from JFK change to LIRR at Jamaica $8 to Penn Station a short walk to hotel. Easy check in less than 5 minutes. Room adequate but how much room do you need, when you are in NY what is the point of sitting in a massive hotel room. Clean room new towels every day, beds good. Breakfast not brilliant but as much as you want and no rush. At the price we paid I was surprised to get anything so it was a bonus. Tea and coffee all day, good for a sit out the back at the end of the day as it was extremely sunny all week. In summary excellent value for money in a good location, would recommend to anyone who wants a good base to explore the city.	
Sep 30 2009 	moderate priced Boutique hotel with generous rooms and personal care	I called the hotel before we went to New York to check our reservation and they sounded so friendly and looking forward to seeing us. When we arrived, they were cheerful, and welcoming, helping us to feel relaxed and looked after. They told us &quot;It's your Hotel, feel free&quot; and that's what we did! After reading some hotel reviews, we were slightly dubious about what we would get from a 'boutique hotel', tiny wash rooms, no room to unpack, drab decoration, uncomfortable bed, etc. There was no need to feel that in the Hampton Inn! The rooms were fresh and clean, with a large welcoming bed, double shower and hot running water. There was a closet with hangers and shelves, ironing board and iron, bedside table and a large desk. We had a flat screen tv and radio alarm clock. Although it was coming in to autumn the air conditioner was on, however, we could turn it off if it became too cool. There was also a tea/coffee machine. We had a fairly quiet and relaxing night, considering that we were at the front of the building.Complimentary breakfast in the conservatory would have satisfied most diets. It included, eggs and burgers, bagels, muffins, cereal, yogurt and fruit salad, all freshly made. So that saved us a few bucks! There was also a small patio if you smoked or just wanted to sit in the fresh air. This we used every night before retiring to enjoy a nightcap whilst discussing the days events.The desk staff and concierge were so chatty and helpful, they recommended the hop on and off sightseeing buses to help us get our barings and we were even given the concierges card and told to call him if we encountered any problems, they would assist us. In the evenings they were always interested to hear about any adventures that we'd had. We were also able to use the internet access in the lobby. There is also a small fitness room on the lower level, if you haven't already walked your feet off!The hotel was well situated in the garment area, close to the buses, Penn Station, Maccy's and the Empire State building. 5th Avenue was just along the road. We found a few good Irish bars nearby and plenty of restaurants catering for all nationalities.We were sad to leave this home from home after the week and they even advised us on our transport to the airport. It was a real pleasure staying with them and we will definitely chose the Hampton Inn next time.	
Sep 29 2009 	EXCELLENT VALUE FOR 3* HOTEL	Read so many good reports about this hotel,so decided to book itand was not dissapointed.My friend and i came to New York for our birthdays,and it had been a lifelong ambition.The staff were very friendly and most helpful especially John,who helped us immensly with our itinerary.We found our bedroom very clean,with very comfortable beds.The breakfast was more than adequate,with good choices.The location was excellent too.We have no complaints about this hotel,and if ever we come to New York in the future,We will have no hesitation in choosing this hotel.A big thanks to everyone for helping make our trip a very memorable one. Thanks, The Brits.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great	I really recommend this hotel to everyone! We had an amazing stay. The rooms are quite small but they are clean (unlike say..Penn..). The staff is very friendly and helpful. Breakfast is included and more than satisfactory. They even have cupcakes for dessert!But the best thing of all: the location! You're literally a block away from everything since the subwaystation is just around the corner (along with Victoria's Secret, Zara, Macy's, Old Navy, H&amp;M and everything else). We will be back!	
Sep 8 2009 	best value in the area	considering that there is a breakfast &quot;on the house&quot;, the personnel is very friendly and helpful, and the perfect location between 6th and 7th Ave. - there is only one flaw: we did not have a room &quot;with a view&quot;, but with a view onto a dump and a building site, I guess that problem will be solved in a few months .....	
Sep 6 2009 	Very Well Priced and Comfortable Stay	Me and my family stayed here for 3 nights, and had a very nice time. The hotel was very reasonably priced for Manhattan at about $200.00 per night, the service was good, and the hotel itself was very clean. They have a complimentary hot breakfast available each morning with coffee and tea available around the clock. Parking is just a few blocks away, as well as Macy's, Madison Square Garden and Penn Station. The rooms are quite small, but you don't spend much time there anyway. All in all, it was a great place to stay, I'd definitely stay there again.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great!	This hotel is great. Nice, new and clean bedroom, on the house internet and breakfast, friendly staff. Ok, the bedroom is not so big, but is enought to get some rest at NYC. Worthy for the money.	
Aug 28 2009 	good base for 3 nights with teensgers	We booked this by chance as our 1st and 2nd choices were unavailable. It's in a good location, walking distance to Macy's, Empire State Building and Times square. The first afternoon(Sunday) we visited Empre State ($20 ea), walked through Maddison Ave street market to Times Sq and ate at Hard Rock cafe, which our kids loved (we were so tired we couldn't eat it all!)  Next day we booked a 48hour Gray line open top bus ticket ($54 each). This was an enjoyble way to see as much as possible in the limited time we had. We did a full downtown loop first then got off at Ground Zero and walked to Pier 17 beach and shops before returning to the hotel for a 1 hour turnaround for 4 to shower and change for their evening tour which took us to Brooklyn and ended at Times Square. We had to walk the rest of the way but stopped at The Midtown Buffet (a Chinese buffet $12 each). This place was the only bad thing to report. They asked us to pay on ordering &quot;as it was after 10&quot; then started cleaning floors around us and rushing us into getting our dessert. When I told the waitress I was not happy she simply walked off. Food was ok but atmosphere spolied it. Tuesday we got up early (avoided breakfast rush 8am) to catch the Liberty/Ellis Island boat. Both Islands were very enjoyable $12, $20 for audio tour of both Statue of Liberty (outside only) and Ellis Island museum. I didn't have time to see anything beyond first floor as my teenagers were getting hungry- the cafe there is good. Another dash back on the bus to shower before a broadway show- 'Rock of Ages' at 7pm-Phew, at least the kids enjoyed it! (Tickets$220 at the ticket booth near Pier 17, queued 20 minutes same day). Had to snack on sweets from the 99cent store opposite hotel before getting late night pizza slice from Sbarro Times Sq.Had a lie in on our last day (8am!) Had to pack, had breakfast at a really good inexpensive diner 2 or 3 doors left as you leave hotel before shopping at Macy's! Manager recommended diner and he booked our car back to Newark which took only 20 mins at 2pm, $80. Would take longer in rush hour (which is why we got off the bus and walked sometimes). We can't wait to return so we can do all the museums, uptown tour and central park etc, 3 nights is a rush but we'd had 11 nights of relaxation in Pennsylvania with friends.	
Aug 20 2009 	Better than expected	Maybe we were just lucky, but we had an extremely great time at this hotel. The staff went out of their way to give us handouts on the local sites. We went everywhere from Coney Island, Staten Island, Grants Tomb, Columbia University, Guggenheim Museum, Regis &amp; Kelly show, Time Square, Statute of Liberty, FAO Schwartz and other stores, Wall Street, Top of the Rock, Teddy Roosevelts House, etc. We were successful because of the staff at this hotel. We stayed at this hotel for 10 days. yes, sometimes slow elevators, small room, small excecise room. But, the bed was great, we ate at 6:30 every mornign and evrthything was fresh. IWe booked and paid up front 6 months in advance for $119 per night. with no chance of changes or cancellations. Can you beat that price? I don't think so. If I can get that rate again, we'll be back.	
Aug 18 2009 	very small rooms not very clean	On arrival we were greeted by a great conceire that was more than willing to give us great information. Being from Ohio, New York was a little overwelming and he did help with those jidders. The hotel was disappointing. We frequent Hampton Inn Hotels often and this one was very small. The rooms were very small with inadaquete space for 2 adults and 2 children. You really felt on top of each other and cramped. The cleanliness was not like a usual Hampton Inn. This hotel needs to be updated. The location was ok. It was 1 block from Madison Square Garden and a good 30 minute walk to Times Square(which is where the main restaurants and many things to do). I will not return to this hotel.	
Aug 1 2009 	Average option	Good midtown location, but a really terrible breakfast. Room cleaning intermittent, but generally room was good quality. Reception desk helpful. A short walk from Penn Station makes arrival easy. very close to some excellent Korean restaurants on 32nd St. Overall, adequate but nothing special. No restaurant or bar, but plenty of options nearby.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great Holiday in New York	Just returned from 13 days stay at the Hampton Inn. Hotel is very convenient to Penn Station. We used the Airtrain from Newark and walked to the Hotel (less than 5 minutes) Also very close to Herald Square Subway (34th Street). Room was spotless - cleaned every day . Breakfast room was small but always got a seat and adequate selection of food. Only negative -the 2 lifts were extremely slow in the morning time (unfortunately the cleaning staff seemed to &quot;hold&quot; the lifts forever at floors to load/unload towels etc )Purcahased a 14 day Metrocard which gave us access to Subway / MTA Buses in Manhattan as well as Coney Island and southern end of Staten Island .Used both Broadwaybox.com and TKTS to see the following shows at reduced rates Altarz Boys, The Toxic Avenger and Rock of Ages.Had great time.	
Jul 26 2009 	Greatest hotel experience in NYC	Clean hotel, great location, excellent staff. I was impressed with the staff beyond words. Would recommend this hotel to anyone, travelling solo, in pairs or with children. Best experience in NYC. We will be back at this hotel for sure. What they do is called SERVICE. Rare to find.	
Jul 24 2009 	Nice hotel excelent location helpful and friendly crew.	I spent a week with my wife, daughter and son.Both rooms were rather small but clean and well equiped with two queen beds very comfortable, a LCD TV , desk and a closet. Free wifi worked fast.Morning breakfast included in rate is really good and the coffe service is available 24/7.The location is the dream of all ladies with 34th. street stores at five minutes walk.It is also very close to Penn Station, subway, bus stops and a lot of good food places like 32nd street restaurants if you like asian food.I shall return in my next visit to New York.	
Jul 17 2009	Overall a good stay	I just returned a few days ago from a weekend stay at the Hampton Inn Madison Square Garden. I chose the hotel based on price, and it's proximity to Penn Station, as one day of my trip was going to be spent on the Jersey Shore, and I wanted to be close to Penn Station for when I needed to catch my train.We (there was two of us) arrived Sat morning, and the room wasn't ready, but the desk clerk let us store our bags and let us know the free breakfast was still available, so we went and had something to eat. The breakfast room was very nice, a little crowded, but the food selection was good, and also tasted very good. They had bagels, muffins (kinds changed daily, the blueberry were excellent!), a couple hot dishes, like eggs and another that changed daily, we saw sausage and gravy one day and just sausage patties the next to make biscuit sandwiches. There's also some fresh fruit, 3 different types of cereals, juices, coffee and tea (served all day). The seating area does also contain two outside tables. The room itself was small, but nice. We had two double beds, which were VERY comfortable, a TV that was mounted on the wall, a desk and chair, and a closet. If you want to watch TV and sit in the chair, you may have to move it and sit between the beds like we did, if you prefer not to sit on the bed. There's also a lap desk to hold your laptop if you don't feel like sitting at the desk. The room was clean, overall, though there was some ground in stains in the carpet near the window, and the shower curtain had a blood stain on it. The high speed internet access was very good, it only went out on me once briefly, and it's free, which is a huge plus. The hotel writes an access code on your keycard packet at checkin, so make sure to look for it, or ask the desk clerk to point it out to you. We had to call down and ask them where to find it, as they didn't point it out to us at check in. It also expired the morning of check out, before we even checked out, so we had to call down to the desk and get a new one. There's two bottles of water in the room, be aware that their $5 a bottle if you want to have one! The staff overall seemed friendly enough. They replaced our keycards with no problem when asked when one got deactivated and no longer worked. There's a 24 hr fitness center on the lower level, and a &quot;business center&quot; in the lobby, consisting of two computers, which are always busy. Their hooked up to printers if you need to print out a boarding pass etc... The hotel is in a great location if your attending an event at MSG, or need to be near Penn Station, both are only a short few minutes walk up the street. Times Square is also a nice, leisurely walk, and there's also a subway station a couple minutes away from the hotel that will take you right to Times Square, or all the way down to Coney Island. Macy's is a few blocks away as well. Across the street is Jack's 99 cents world, which has, literally, everything. The store is 3 levels, and VERY crowded, and closes early, even during the week, so keep that in mind if you want to go over. Down 7th Avenue a few blocks was a nice coffee shop called Andrew's. Great food, great service, great prices, and only a short walk from the hotel. I do have a couple complaints about the hotel, besides the few cleanliness issues of the room I mentioned above. The hotel is very small, or I should say, narrow, in the hallways etc... The rooms are small, but small rooms are a NYC standard, so I expect those and don't mind that. The elevators, there's only two of them, they are very small, and EXTREMELY slow. We waited at least 10 mins to come down from our room on the 12th floor a couple times, including when we were heading down to check out. Also, we stored our bags when we arrived as our room wasn't yet ready. I was dismayed to come back some hours later, and see that the lobby was being used for luggage storage! The small lobby had bags stored all over it, including ours, of which one bag contained a VERY expensive laptop. Other hotels will store laptops in separate areas in the luggage rooms, this hotel stored bags all over the lobby, in plain sight and unattended! This was UNACCEPTABLE, especially with a laptop! I know there was a luggage room, as I saw it everytime we came in the front door. I just couldn't believe it when we got our bags, and pulled them out ourselves from a corner of the lobby! The lobby is also very small, made smaller from the luggage being &quot;stored&quot; in it! Overall, our stay was good, and I would stay here again if I could get a good rate again and if I needed to be close to MSG or Penn Station. That's the only way I'd choose the hotel again though, if I needed to be close to those places, otherwise, I wouldn't. I booked in April originally with a AAA rate of $179 a night, then was able to find a lower non AAA rate for $159 a night (and it wasn't a pay in advance rate) in June, so I changed my rate with no problems through the hotel's website.	
Jul 16 2009 	nice find at a great rate	We stayed at the hampton inn after staying at other hamptons in new england last year. The service was excellent as expected especially the friendly bell boy who nothing was too much trouble. The location is ideal and a 10-15 min walk too times square., with maceys and other well known shops around the corner. The rooms were smaller than other hamptons but adequate for myself, husband and daughter. Penn station just close and the subway ideal to see the sights. The breakfast was always fresh and replenished and the 24hr hot drinks were ideal. There was a store over the road called jacks 99cent store which we found useful for bottled water and picnic items for central park. I am definetley returning with friends in the future.t	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Hotel - We will be back	Just spent 8 days in this hotel, great hotel, great location, with friendly and helpful staff. Rooms were modern, clean and the only thing they are missing is somewhere to store your cases in the room . The breakfast in the morning was lovely, great choice and the all day Coffee / Tea serivce was great, for when you popped back to hotel to unload all the shopping. You could not have asked for a better location, it was so close to everything. We had a later flight and they were able to store our bags for us. O'Reilly Pub which is close to the hotel, served great food.Next time we are in New York we will stay here again, as we could not fault it on anything.	
Jul 15 2009 	Home away from home	I usually don't spend time giving reviews, either good or bad but I'm more than happy to make an exception this time. Yes, the hotel is on the small side but makes it up with great great staff that pays attention to detail..be it the front desk lady (the one that was on duty Saturday morning of 6/20/09) being so welcoming and accommodating and allowing us early check-in allowing my older parents to rest..to the bell hop aka jack of all trade helping a lady customer with her bouquet of flowers by putting it in a vase filled with water..to the housekeepers that kept our room clean and tidy..to the dining staff that made sure breakfast is going smoothly. The location of this hotel is so central to everything that it's just the perfect spot for us or for anyone else for that matter!!! This will be THE PLACE to stay for us whenever we come back to Manhattan. I love NYC!!	
Jul 9 2009 	Wonderful stay at hidden gem	We stayed here July 4th weekend. We got there early and the staff also held our luggage for us. We drove into the city after attending a family wedding on Long Island and was able to park across the streeet the entire weekend for free. We traveled with our 18 year old son and the room was more than comfortable. Free internet helped. We were on the 19th floor and heard no noise from the street. We had the free breakfast one morning which was ok. There is a Dunkin Donuts down the block and plenty of other places to eat, it is NYC. I would definitely recommend staying here again. We also got this room for $143.00 a night directly through Hampton Inn website.	
Jul 4 2009 	Fantastic staff and nice place to stay	Greeted and helped by the fantastic staff as soon as I arrived for my 1st trip to NYC. Gave me directions and stored my luggage. Close to everything,. Just go there! Small room but i went to see NYC not the 4 walls. The staff got me to Yankee stadium with a direct subway to Yankee stadium(Thank you to trip advisor forums for telling me to stay in Manhatten)	
Jun 19 2009 	What They Said	This Hampton Inn is a find for its funky neighborhood location, plus all the usual Hampton Inn amenities. Staff are very friendly and helpful. If you arrive with dirty laundry as we did, look for Empire Laundry between Madison and 5th on E 30th. Coin machines or Mom will do it for you for a reasonable price. In addition to Korean restaurants, try Bella Napoli, just around the corner from Empire Laundry on Madison. Good pizza, and wonderful chicken, veal, and pasta entrees at great prices. And as others have noted, don't forget to visit Jack's!	
Jun 10 2009 	great value and position in NY	Our family of four just spent an enjoyable week at the Hampton Inn in NY. Location was great, 100M to Penn Station, which connects to all major lines. Walking distance to Times Square, Empire State Building, Macy's, and some great restraunts near by. Try Little Korea just around the corner for some authentic Korean food. The stand out for htis hotel is the staff, they could not be more obliging and helpful, from subway and bus help, to restraunts, attractions, and transport help. The rooms are a bit small, though we had two double beds with 4 people,which was always going to be cramped. Breakfast is included, which is self serve, and all pre-packaged, including fruit, juice, cereal, coffee and tea, muffins, and the typical American hamburger and egg muffins. Get in early, as it does get busy around 8-9am in the small breakfast room. Free internet is available also. Wev will be back if everin NY!	
May 14 2009	Despite the tiny room we had a wonderful stay!	My mother and I chose this hotel for our little monthly weekend getaway from our home in the Bronx. Let me start with the good things first:-Friendly staff--On the day we checked in, my mother had a tumble outside the hotel and one of the staff members (along with a few other people--NYCers are not as mean as you'd think...sometimes) came out and helped her inside. They were so worried about her that they checked us in 3 hours early so she could rest.+Clean room--The room was spotless. Extremely clean. The bed is firm (just as I like it) and it came with a lot of pillows.+Wireless and Ethernet in the room--This is what won me over because I take my laptop with me everywhere. The connection is wonderfully fast. So if you're like me and you like to play online games, the hotel's connection will not fail you. There's also a couple of computers for use in the lobby.+Flat screen TV with cable--Kept my mother busy.+Nice bathroom--It came with an adjustable showerhead, and little knickknacks like shower gel, shampoo and so on. But they're so small, it's not nearly enough for one person so either bring your own stuff or go to one of the....+Many stores nearby--For example, across the street is Jack's, a super 99cent store; Manhattan Mall is only a couple of blocks away and there are many fast food places not more than two or three blocks away. My personal recommendation goes to those who want to have an &quot;Asian Experience.&quot; Little Korea can be found around 32nd and 5th Ave--you won't miss it. There's a small restaurant called Woorijip where you can get decent-sized lunchboxes for around $6.+Free breakfast--It was a decent breakfast. There was sausage, bagels, cereal, coffee, coffee, coffee, tea, french toast, and muffins. It was enough to fill up on.Now, here's the bad:-The hotel is small. No surprise, since it's jammed in between two buildings but I wouldn't suggest this hotel if you plan to bring a large group or you plan to stay in the room. My mother and I were the only ones in our room and it feels crowded in here. We ran out of space for our stuff and don't let the both of us walk around at the same time. Somebody will have to either jump on a bed, go in the bathroom or get out of the room. Seriously, the room, the hallways, and the elevator are all tiny.-Because the hotel is tiny, you will hear other people's doors slamming and bumps from your neighbors usually in the morning when they're leaving.-The bathroom doesn't have slipmats. The bathroom floor was clean but very slippy. Even when walking with bare feet, it'll be easy to slip and fall. My mother doesn't walk very well so we had to put towels on the floor for her. At least there were plenty of towels.Overall, my mother and I had a wonderful stay. We almost didn't want to go home. But one thing that did bother me was the $5 and $5.50 bottles of water that was put in our rooms when we checked in. They did have signs on them that said you would be charged if you drank them but it's ridiculous to pay that much for water when there is a *FREE* ice and water machine along with a vending machine with snacks, soda, and such on the lower level. So, do yourself a favor if you're a tourist, don't let them (or anyone else for that matter) trick you into paying the &quot;tourist&quot; prices because more than never, you can always find what you want for much cheaper. (See: Jack's)	
May 3 2009 	rooms are small but definitely very good location	Rooms are really small, with some luggage you can not even walk in the room. In our first room we felt a bad smell then they changed our room. Prefer to stay at lower floors you might wait for the elevator a lot. Breakfast is good, wireless free internet is available. The hotel is very close to Madison square Garden and very well located.	
Apr 30 2009 	Stay Here	The rooms were clean, the staff was friendly and competent (Lisa and John were the two we had contact with, and I am sure that the rest of the staff is just as good), and the location is excellent. Subway stations are no more than three blocks away. In addition to the cleanliness of the rooms, they were adequate in size, and the beds were very comfortable. And the complimentary breakfast is far better than any hotel I have ever visited. I will definitely recommend this hotel to my family members who visit New York and to anyone else for that matter.	
Apr 20 2009 	Exceptional ValueStaffCleanliness	This was our first time in New York. I knew by the reviews that the room might be small, but really it wasn't as bad as all that. The beds were doubles and so clean and comfortable! Flat screen, FREE internet, tub and shower in our corner room.Really lovely staff that was as accomadating as could be. The breakfast is FREE, so don't expect Eggs Benedict. But to fill up on it was great. Especially with a teen son who can inhale an entire fridge! It's situated in a lovely room with an atrium so you can see the weather outside or read the paper or watch the weather on the TV. The breakfast room was kept clean by the staff (Evidently some people can't pick up their own trash) Hot coffe all day long! This hotel is by far one of the best values in New York. It is centrally located to all the aforementioned locales. And when you factor in the free internet (usually $20 upgrade),free breakfast (at least $10 per person),Coffee ($3.00 easy per day) you're far ahead of the game. The front desk (Hey Lisa!) housekeeping staff and breakfast personnel were PRICELESS! This is my go to hotel when I come back to New York!	
Apr 17 2009 	Location location location	Fantastic little hotel, everything on your doorstep and the staff are exceptional. Three of us stayed in a 2 double room and it was tight enough but fine. Room was spotlessly clean and beds so comfy. Missed a bath in the room but the shower was very big and plenty of towels.Breakfast in the mornings was such a bonus - cereal, bagels, toast, muffins, yogurts eggs, sausage and the juice was fantastic! What more could you want? Location was brilliant - subway, madison square, manhattan mall all 5 minutes away and Jack's 99c store across the road, fabulous. The staff of the hotel were lovely, nothing was too much trouble and when we booked an SUV for our 6 cases to the airport we recieved a limo! It was brilliant.Will definitely be coming back here again.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great position but tiny room	The room was clean and on the 4th floor. We had two double beds between the 4 of us and it was a big squeeze. We were a short walk away from Times Square, Macy's and the Empire State. New York is very noisy so take your earplugs. The hotel is on a narrow road and right opposite is Jack's 99c store (very handy and a huge shop) and next door to that is one of those bargain end of line shops, again handy if you have an hour to spare. It was pretty cold when we were there and I found a woolly hat for 25 cents!The breakfast was OK but not as good as other Hamptons but there was fruit, yogs, muffins and toast and some round things that resembled scrambled eggs but looked rather rubbery.We stayed for 3 nights and dont think we could have lasted any longer with the sleeping arrangements.	
Apr 8 2009 	Awesome!!!	Let me start off with an apology to the staff of the hotel (ex roomservice). We forgot to tip you guys!!! That immediatly says it all. The staff of the hotel is so friendly and accomodating. Don't push you in any way. The rooms are sufficient. What makes this hotel outstanding, besides the staff, is the location. Just around the corner of MSG and a 5 minute walk away from Times Square. Just awesome! Hope to be back there soon!Greetz Dennis en Debbie from Holland	
Apr 3 2009 	A Little Gem	Our stay here was fabulous, Christian checked us in which was quick and easy. The rooms have everything you need plus some. The queen bed and pillows were the best so comfortable. Our only complaint is that the rooms are very small but apart from this great. The Staff very friendly. Free internet was a bonus as we used this a few times to contact our travel agent. Location for us was great , a block from Penn Station, which we used to travel to Washington DC. Directly across the street is a 99cents Jacks which sells everything and I mean everything, which was very handy for us. Over all we loved this hotel it really felt like home whilst we were in New York. Breakfast was adequent	
Apr 1 2009 	Supercalifragilistic	I stayed with 3 girls in this hotel from March 16 for 7 great nights.This hotel is great we got a great rate on the hotels own website which worked out at just under €900 for the week we paid in advance and it was non refundable so it knocked off a few euro for us which was great.The guy on reception was really friendly when we checked in as were all the staff so helpful with everything.The rooms ok they were small but what room wouldn't be with 3 women staying. They were absolutely spotless, cleaned every day with linen change.The location is fantastic macys just 3 blocks up and Madison Square Gardens just up around the corner just great never had to get taxis anywhere really everywhere within walking distance.If your not an early bird and don't rise for breakfast great deli on 32nd just opposite the Radisson.Overall a great hotel which didn't cost an arm and a leg smack in the middle of everything.What more could you ask for!!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 22 2009 	excellent hotel	Just came back from a 4 night stay at this fab hotel. From the very beginning to end the service was excellent also the comp breakfast / drinks &amp; free internet service was a bonus.The location was excellent for all the sights, maps are available in the foyer the and the staff are happy to help quide you to the nearest subway or recommend form of transport to where ever you are going. we booked through a travel company for this trip and i let them choice the hotel for us so i was pretty impressed. We also had a great view from our room i think the only down side to this hotel was the room we had 2 sort of double beds as there where three of us so room space a bit tight but all in all a excellent hotel	
Mar 18 2009 	Great hotel great staff excellent location	We stayed here for 6 nights in Feb-March 09. Everything about this hotel was great, location was brilliant for Penn station, Madison Square Garden and Times Square. Lots of shops, restaurants and cafes around the hotel.Beds very comfortable, good showers. Staff always very polite and more than happy to help with any queries. Free internet in the foyer downstairs was a great help with organising further parts of our trip. Other thoughtful extras were things like a water machine (something we missed in the later parts our trip) Definitely recommend this hotel to those travelling to NYC who want to be as central as possible for a reasonable price. Very comfortable.	
Mar 17 2009 	The two star Hotel with a four star heart	I loved my stay in the Hampton Inn Madison Square Garden. Great location for those who have to be near Penn Station and great for people who want to be in Mid-Town. The complementary breakfast was hot and plentiful but the best feature of this hotel is the staff. Friendly and genuinely helpful which gave the hotel an appeal that was beyond its star value. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great location fantastic value	Great value for Manhattan! We went for a weekend getaway and didn't want to break the bank but still be close to everything - this hotel fits the bill. Blocks from the Empire State Building. Super close to the metro. Continental breakfast was plentiful each morning with cereal, fruit, toast, eggs, sausage, juice and coffee. The breakfast area is light and bright and it's a nice way to start the day. However there is a Starbucks on one corner and a Dunkin Donuts on the other if you prefer. Warm cookies in the afternoon make a nice treat when you come back from a day of sightseeing to regroup before heading out again. The rooms are clean - no they are not huge but they are not bad at all - in fact I've stayed in smaller rooms in NY and these are absolutely fine. Beds and pillows are comfortable and there are plenty of towels.Have to also mention the FREE Wi-Fi Internet in the room...very convenient and adds greatly to the value. The room has a nice desk with a comfortable chair to do work or just get directions or look up Museum hours. Besides the location, the free internet was the second biggest reason we chose this property.Staff is wonderful! Super helpful and friendly and just great hospitality...how a hotel should be, very welcoming. Can't say enough good things about the staff and everyone we encountered during our stay. Top Notch!I always felt safe walking to and from the hotel no matter what time. It doesn't hurt that the police station is on the next street over (no sign of Det. Benson or Stabler though!) On the same street you can find so many shops that sell handbags it's rediculous!Overall, I would definitely stay at this hotel again without hesitation and would highly recommend to other travelers. The Hampton Inn is a true gem hidden in the big city!	
Feb 21 2009 	Very nice employees and location	My family and I had two rooms at the Hampton Inn at Madison Square Garden. We received a warm, 5-start welcome upon arrival from &quot;John&quot; at the front desk. The location, just a block from AMTRAK's Penn Station, and an easy walk to subway stations, is excellent. Our rooms were spotlessly clean, bright, and cheerful. The rooms are small, but they have everything a tourist needs, including freee wi-fi. All the employees we had contact with over the three day were were extremely helpful and friendly. They stored our luggage for us after check-out so we could sight-see until our late afternoon departure. The free breakfast is bountiful and fresh. We would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 15 2009 	Excellent Friday night stay	Just got back from the stay at the Hampton Inn. It was a very nice property - very comfortable and modern room. The lobby is an attractive minimalist chic; the staff is friendly. I loved the location. There are many shops and restaurants nearby; a Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts are both just a couple storefronts down the street.	
Jan 14 2009	Lovely hotel!	This hotel is lovely. Very reasonably priced about 2 blocks from the empire state building. The room was pretty big and very clean with a nice bathroom. They had free hot drinks and cookies in the lobby and also free internet access. It was kind of like a nice travelodge. The staff were very friendly and when we checked out they locked away our backpacks for us for the entire day free of charge so we didnt have to carry them around all day. We did however but a sign on our door that we did not want room service but they came in anyway when we werent there. Overall i would recommend this hotel, it was clean and very nice!	
Jan 12 2009	Winter Break @ The Hampton!	We are just back, having spent 5 fantastic days in NYC!The hotel is everything I expected it to be and after reading reviews I did not feel the slightest bit worried.The hotel looks very small from the outside but it's hard to imagine there is like 17 floors! The service was great, John served us on arrival and checked us in ok and was able to answer any questions we had.The Room:-Clean, Small, Modern, Comfy Beds and cosy!The Breakfast (complimentary)Muffins, Bagels, Cereals, Fruit Salad, Toast, Hot dishes, Fruit Juice and much more. The menu changed from day to day. I loved it when we came back to the hotel after a looooong walk and they had fresh cookies at the front desk..i could not help but to have one with my cup of tea!The only thing I would point out is for international travellers going to JFK airport, I would NOT recommend booking the taxi through the hotel. One of the concierge staff booked us a taxi (which they did not tell us was a limo) and the total would work out to $80 for the 3 of us! We felt kind of cheated in a way so in the end we cancelled and just stuck with the yellow cab flat rate of $45 plus tolls.Overall, it was a very enjoyable stay and would definately recommend going back!!	
Jan 6 2009 	Xmas Mini Vacation	Dates: Dec 25 - 28, 2008We booked the Hampton Inn Madison Square Garden at the last minute, after stumbling across an awful review of our first choice...but what a great stay!The Hampton Inn was fabulous!!! A clean, pleasant room with lots of amenities for two adults and two female teenagers - close, very close to everything, especially Fifth Avenue, the Empire State Building, and the Garment District.Times Square and Rockefeller Center are short, easy walks. Madison Square Garden is just down the street, with tons of restaurants and subway access to downtown or uptown. There is a great deli nearby, Speedys on Broadway for late night snacks.We had a great, worry-free visit - the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful.The free - HOT - and varied breakfast and discounted parking made life easier - and reduced the overall cost of our stay, nearly matching the &quot;budget&quot; hotel.Thank you, Thank you, Hampton Inn for a very special mini vacation. This hotel offers much more than its rates imply, and will be our first pick next time we stay in NYC!	
Dec 12 2008 	Great moderately priced hotel	My daughter and I stayed at the Hampton Inn during the Thanksgiving holiday. This was one of the best &quot;bargains&quot; I have gotten in a long time, especially considering this was NYC. The hotel is in a very convenient location ( Madison Sq. Garden/Penn Station) and the staff was very pleasant and helpful. The room was adequate, clean and comfortable. I was able to book via the hotel's web site and used my AARP senior discount giving me a price lower than any of the travel web sites. I would definately book here again.	
Dec 6 2008 	Great staff	The staff was great at this hotel!! Friendly, welcoming and accomodating. All the front desk people were so pleasant, it was refreshing.The concierge, Johnny, was great. He pointed us in the right direction to restaurants, bars and activities in the city that were fun and within the average persons budget. (This is not always the case.) He really seemed to understand what we were looking for.The room was small, but Hamptons seem to run on the smaller size, from my experience. It was a typical Hampton breakfast, but it beat spending cash on another meal, when there are fun things to buy in the city!Good location, trains were close by, at Herald Square.	
Nov 20 2008 	Fantastic hotel great lacation	We recently returned fron our first trip to the big apple and this hotel was fantastic from start to finish, very friendly and helpfull staff throughout our stay. This is a small hotel 19 floors 8 rooms on each floor big advantage is you don't have loads of people passing outside your door. Two VERY comfortable double beds ample room,large shower cubicle spacious en suite. Breakfast was complimentary huge choice to choose from. The location is excellent just few blocks from Macy's and the empire state building. The only thing missing was a room safe. I would thoroughly recommend this to friends and will stay there again on returning to New York	
Oct 15 2008 	Central location.Very helpful staff.The most comfortable beds ever!	WE arrived late on Saturday afternoon and received a very warm welcome from the reception staff. Our room was on the 7th floor with two large Queen size beds with the most comfortable mattresses and pillows . I had read reviews of this hotel and the only complaint had been that the rooms were small but we have had smaller rooms in Eastern Europe and without the amenities. We were pleasantly surprised as to the location with Madison Square and Penn Station some 200 yards from the hotel and Macys and the Empire State Building just three blocks down. Across the road from the hotel was &quot;Jacks 99c Store&quot; and having discovered we had forgotten to pack our toothbrushes it was the first place-after a meal- we visited. There wasn't any noise from traffic at night and as our room overlooked the 32nd Precinct and we didn't hear one siren from a policecar all night either the NYC crime rate had dropped to -zero or the double glazing was most effective. The breakfast was free and the apple and orange juice was delicious. There was a choice of eggs,waffles etc.plenty of fresh fruit on offer plus an assortment of yogurts...and as many cups of coffee as you could drink! We would be happy to stay at The Hampton again.	
Oct 14 2008 	No Complaints!	This hotel cannot be faulted. Great location not too far away from Penn Station / Madison Square and the area is perfectly safe to walk. The small lobby is always staffed by very friendly team members, and the breakfast is fresh and plentiful. The rooms are on the smaller side but this is NYC so one should know it well enough that space is a premium. They are nonetheless very clean and comfortable. Definitely one of the better value for money hotels in NYC and I would not hesitate to return!	
Aug 23 2008 	A Fantastic Find!	We have just returned from a 5 day stay at the Hampton Inn Madison Square. The room was a good size, regularly cleaned and totally safe. There is a complimentary breakfast buffet served between 6-10am with different food presentations laid out each day. There is tea, coffee, hot chocolate on tap 24 hours a day and some evenings there were free cookies! We found the hotel perfectly located for Macy's and the Empire State Building. The Flatiron Building is also only a few blocks away. We walked to Times Square on a couple of occasions, Bloomingdales, Greenwich Village and Union Square. As the weather was so hot and Manhattan was very busy, we couldn't wait to get back to the peace and tranquility of the hotel. We had no problems going out or coming back late at night. We had to leave very early for our flight home (4.15am) and the concierge hooked us up with a very comfortable ride to the airport. The staff are wonderful at Hampton Inn and the level of service was excellent. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on holiday and we will definitely be returning to the Hampton Inn Madison Square.	
Jul 29 2008	Good value	We will definitely book this hotel again based on price. It's low on frills, but on the plus side the rooms are clean, though European in size, room to room noise is minimal. The staff is helpful and professional, the location convenient to Penn station, and the parking garage about 2 blocks away. The free breakfast is just ok. There is a Catholic church across the street which is a home for the homeless at night.	
Jun 21 2008 	A great find!	Here on a business trip with a few days off in NYC. Rooms clean and modern - well equipped with plasma screen TV, free internet access, coffee makign facilities. Comfortable and unbelievably for NY, my room was very quiet. Front desk staff very friendly and helpful. Good breakfast and coffee on-tap included in price. have stayed in many more expensive hotels in NYC and this is one of the few that I'd happily return to.	
Apr 15 2008 	Loved this Hotel!	I was sent to Manhattan on a business trip and our travel agent sent us to this hotel. The room was very comfortable with free internet, awesome, comfortable beds, a nice lcd tv and good working space. After work each day we were able to enjoy the city and being close o the action sure did help. We could walk to Times Square (although it wasn't too short of a walk :) and did. I got to see a band called Muse at a local venue just a few blocks from the hotel. I had a great time at this hotel and will recommend it to others.	
Mar 23 2008 	Great Location - Great Stay	We just returned from a week's stay in NYC at the Hampton Inn Madison Square Gardens and we couldn't be happier! The location was great for walking to many sites such as Penn Station, Madison Square Gardens, Times Square, the Empire State Building and a lot of great shopping. Yes, the rooms are small, but there are plenty of ways to make use of the space. My husband, 17-year old daughter and I found it to be just fine - we had a total of 6 pieces of luggage and we found convenient places to keep them. The beds are very comfy and the rooms are quite clean and quiet. The hot breakfast each morning was a real treat because there were different items offered each day. The hotel staff was very pleasant and helpful. We would definitely stay here again! Thanks for all the help from everyone on TripAdvisor!	
Mar 4 2008	Nice selection	The extremely friendly and helpful staff at this conveniently located hotel made for a very pleasurable stay with my wife and 3 year old daughter. Highly recommended.	
Mar 3 2008	Very Nice Little Hotel	We spent a night at this comfortable hotel. We chose it due to the location just minutes from Penn Station, as we were using Amtrak. The rooms are small, with a tiny closet, and not much space for toiletries in the bathroom. We made use of the desk space and had no problems. Breakfast was a nice treat and the warm cookies in the afternoon were addictive. Another plus was the friendly front desk and bell staff. Would strongly recommend.	
Feb 28 2008 	Excellent Value	Recently stayed at the Hampton Inn for a one night stay. Basically decided to stay here as it was one of the cheaper hotels around madison square garden, and it had a complementary breakfast. Overall, I was very pleasantly surprised at the wonderful service and excellent value this hotel proved to be. The rooms, although small, were more than adequate, and were very clean and comfortable. There was a flat screen tv on the wall, which I thought was a nice touch. Bathroom was large-shower a little odd, but worked just fine. I do have to complement the excellent service my husband and I received one day after our toilet clogged. We called the front desk, and within 10 minutes maintenance was in our room and the problem was fixed. I have waited longer at 4 star resorts. The maintenance men were very polite, and said if we needed anything else to call them and they would be right up. To say the least, I was impressed with not only their promptness, but their attitudes as well. The staff at the front desk were also very nice. As an example, our reservation stated we had 1 king bed. They had it in their system as two double beds. I brought this to their attention, and it was &quot;no problem.&quot; Our room was ready right away. My sister in law and her husband also decided to stay at this hotel last minute-and the front desk staff was very cordial with them as well. I never got the impression that they were giving us an attitude or annoyed. It was very refreshing. Breakfast had a surprisingly large selection. They had french toast, eggs, yogurts, muffins, sausages, cereals, and other items I cannot remember. And again, I have paid more at &quot;nicer&quot; hotels for less of a breakfast. So to sum this up, if you are looking for a great value, 3 minute (or less) walk to madison square garden, with very nice staff, great service, and a pretty decent breakfast, stay here!	
Feb 19 2008 	Excellent Experience across the Board	I spent four nights at the Hampton Inn Madison Square Garden in February 2008, and the hotel exceeded my expectations in every area. The hotel staff was unusually friendly and helpful throughout my stay. My room was extremely clean, very comfortable (although small, of course, which I expected), and surprisingly quiet. The breakfast buffet was extensive, including hot dishes, fresh fruit, cereal, bread of all sorts, yogurt, etc. As other reviewers mentioned, fresh cookies are available in the lobby in the late afternoon. The location is very convenient, and the streets are no problem at all. I expected the area to be on the seedy side, and it was nothing of concern. If I attend the same event in the area next year, I will not consider staying anywhere else.	
Feb 12 2008 	Nice hotel small rooms	After reading the reviews here, we decided to opt for the Hampton Inn--Madison Square Graden. This is a nice little hotel close to many things: MSG, subway lines, Macy´s, Times Square, etc. Even though the rooms are VERY small, they are VERY clean and quiet (at least from the steer noise, being on the 14 floor) Anyway, when you are visiting NY on vacation you don´t need a o large room just to sleep and shower! Breakfast was not great, but it was OK, with a good variety of pastries, weak on the fruit section,though. Staff was very friendly and helpful; most of them speak Spanish, which would be an advantage for non-English spakers. Though you see some homeless people sleeping around the church in front of the property they are not a problem. In summary, we were pretty satisfied with this option and we think it has a good rate considering prices in NYC.	
Jan 7 2008 	great little hotel-fantastic value!!!!	just back from 9 days in ny over the christmas/new year period.stayed at this great little hotel, the rooms were on the small side, but you 're not there to see the room, when there's so many sights to see!very clean,with brill king size bed-no problem sleeping!!with great comp.breakfast to set you up for the day!perfect location , very near to penn station, and many little diners, and some bars.would def. stay there again, and would recommend to others.	
Jan 6 2008 	Good valuemet our expectations	As can be expected the rooms are small but we weren't in NYC to sit in our room all day. Check-in was easy, rooms were clean and breakfasts were OK. Complimentary tea,coffee and hot choc was on tap all day which was great (...esp for people from the Southern Hemisphere who are not used to the cold!!)We find the locaion to be great - close to many things and easy to get around.All in all, a good stay.	
Jan 5 2008 	Very pleased with this hotel	We were led to this hotel by Trip Advisor, and were very impressed with the value for money. The room was small, but it was tidy and attractive. There is free internet access, and a continental breakfast was included. We found the location convenient. The other hotels we considered were roughly twice the price of the Hampton so we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the accommodation.We also stayed in other Hampton Hotels elsewhere in the US and were generally highly impressed with this chain.	
Jan 3 2008 	Clean friendly hotel	Friendly staff, clean rooms, brilliant location very happy with our stay at Hampton Inn.	
Dec 30 2007 	Good for Short Stay and Little Time in the Room But Be Cautious	December 2007. I flew into Newark and began my stay in Manhattan at the Hyatt Regency on the Hudson in Jersey City. A good alternative to privacy Manhttan properties and I have written a previous review of that property which I recommend. I took at private car from Newark to Jersey City for $45.00. In order to get to the Hampton Inn from Jersey City I used Carmel Limos which has always been dependble with welcoming drivers. Weather was cold but I thought it was colder in January of this year. I was in Manhattan to complete my Labor Relations Collective Bargaining certificate with Cornell University's Industrial Labor Relations school which has been one of best experiences of my life.This Hilton property is on of the most unflattering areas of midtown. I've at stayed nearby at the Marriott Residence Inn near Bryant Park and the Affinia Dumont. I have written reviews of both properties which I highly recommend. At the end of this trip I stayed at Affinia Dumont which I believe provides the best service of mid range properties including a kitchen.The Hampton Lobby is small and when I first checked into the prpety my room was not available. There is construction and demolition occuring behind the rear of the building, so there is tremendous noise between 8:00 and 4:30 p.m. One of the Front Desk staff knew this but another did not. I checked out the back of the property which typically has more quiet rooms but it was very noisy with demolition equipment breaking up cement floors and walls.At this property I found some of the front desk staff to be welcoming but some to be rude and unhelpful. Unfortunately I have found Hilton properties to have some of worst staff attitudes. I'm not sure if it is function of the way the local management treats them?My biggest concern of this property, is the surrounding neighborhood where I almost got into altercation nearby this property on 31st street. I have spent over 50 nights in Manhattan &amp; Jersey City since late October 2006 and this was my first altercation with thug like local area folks. Some strange and potentially violent characters nearby this property. Residence Inn, Affinia Dumont, Shelburne Murrary Hill, and Hyatt on the Hudson all offer better surroundings.My room was small but adequate if you not going to spend much time in your room and just need a clean and reasonably quiet place to stay for a short trip (under four nights) in Manhattan. The room was cleaned every day. The queen bed was comfortable. There is a small desk and free internet connection. I was on the third floor which was remarkably quiet during most of my staff, but not much privacy if you like to leave your windows open as offices across the way can clearly see into your room. There was a small closet and small clean bathroom. There is flat screen television with limited channels. No in room movie service. I used the small gym several mornings around 6:30 a.m. with no other folks working out. Very basic and simple machines. This property offers complementary limited breakfast which was average. Coffee is available around the clock.Restaurants I recommend during my visit to Manhattan. At the Southstreet Seaport (accessible by the Paulius Hook ferry from Jersey City to Pier 11): Harbor Lights was the best restaurant I ate at during this trip. The Hyatt on the Hudson for breakfast was good. I also recommend Jackson Hole Burger's on 3rd avenue north of 34th street. Good Korean takeout near the Hampton called Koo Yip. Good Thai restaurant on 33rd between Lexington and 3rd st. Disappointing resturants included Heartland Brewery in the Empire State building complex (over priced and not very good). I was really disappointed with the service at Moonstruck Diner on Madison in Midtown. Visited the Metro Museum of Art which was suprisingly crowded during the weekday afternoon with many school kids. I also saw the Radio City Music Hall Christmas Spectacular with the Rockettes. Something everyone should do during a winter holiday visit to Manhattan.I used group rate of around $215.00 per night at the Hampton Inn which was a good rate for this time of the year. I would not pay much more for this property during this time of the year. It is simple and clean property to sleep in clean and reasonably quiet room (unless you are in the back of the property). You get a decent limited breakfast. Housekeeping was good. Front desk service is suspect. Neighborhood is suspect so be vigelent. Keep your distance from suspect folks. Though there appeared to be many women guests staying by themselves at this property.I talked to some of them during breakfast in their breakfast room which just a bit smaller than their lobby. So if you're looking for lower cost clean alternative, I recommend this property but I am wary of the surrounding neighborhood. If you want a better neighborhood, checkout the Residence Inn or Affinia Dumont. Other alternatives include the Hyatt in Jersey City and Budget property Holland Motor Lodge in Jersey City too.I took a taxi from Manhattan to La Guardia. My flight was cancelled due to winter weather and my replacement flight was delayed and spent from 9:45 a.m. to 4:45 p.m. waiting for American Airlines flight. Barely made my connection in DFW but made it home safety from my business trip to Manhattan.	
Oct 26 2007 	Would Definitely Stay Here Again	Perfect for a 4-night NY stay. Great location within walking distance of Madison Sq Gardens (ideal for basketball fans!), Times Square, 5th Avenue etc and really helpful friendly staff. Having read some of the other reviews on Trip Advisor we were expecting the room to be small, but ours was a really good size with all the facilities you'd need and expect. Would definitely stay here again, loved it.	
Oct 22 2007 	Nice find during terrible airline delay!!	This past Friday my Husband and I found ourselves in a nightmare over-night airline delay in NYC, and happended upon this Hampton Inn. It was late at night 11pm, and after finally calling every hotel near Laguardia I gave this one a try- and they had 1 king room, so we took it!! Granted we only spent about 7 hrs at the hotel, but the employees were very friendly, and I found the accomadations very clean and comfortable! It appeared to possibly have been recently re-done ??, as the look was pretty modern. I would consider staying here again for a planned trip. Don't expect frills- no concierge, no spa, no bar, etc- but if you are looking for a nice, fairly economical room you won't be disappointed.	
Oct 18 2007 	Wondeful Stay at the Hampton Inn	My Husband and I stayed at this hotel for five nights and we would highly recommend this hotel. The room was small, but bigger than we imagined as we read some of the reviews prior to leaving. it would be very cramped if three or more people stayed in one room, but for two is was just fine. Very clean and very comfortable. The king size bed was great and though the room is small, we were barely in our room to feel crowded.The location is perfect. Within walking distance to the empire state building and Macy's(both only 2 blocks away), times square, central park, rockefellar centre; we even walked to our broadway show(Avenue q - totally awesome-super funny and an amazingly talented cast). It is great to walk and stop in many wondeful stores. We purchased tickets for the Grayline hop-on hop-off tour and that was the best $50(each) we spent; the pass was good for 72 hours and we saw the entire city from the top of a double decker bus; it was so fun and a great way to learn about the city as there are tour guides for each bus. The breakfast in the morning was great; awesome selection of food, including 2 hot dishes every morning. The coffee was on all day and around 1700, they put out a hot appetizer and fresh made cookies, so if you are in your hotel at this time, it is a nice treat after a full day of walking. if you want a real treat, it is worth the wait in line at Magnolia's Bakery in Chelsea for delicious cupcakes.The staff at the hotel were excellent. Very friendly and acommodating. We highly recommend choosing this hotel. We got the best deal by booking directly on the hotel's website.	
Oct 14 2007 	Convenient location clean rm 	We chose this hotel primarily because it was one of the few hotels in a convenient area that was dog friendly (our dog is a toy breed).Steps from the subway, we found this location to be very convenient. The subway stop we were close to was 34th &amp; Penn stations which give you access to a multitude of trains and lines.Cons - no grass area for dog to relieve themselves. There is a little stone/pebble area that the front desk told us to use.-slow elevator. It was hit and miss at times. When you waited, you waited a while (there are only 2 elevators, 19 floors and 8 unites per floor).-breafast - French toast is hard, couldn't even cut through it with the plastic fork they gave you. It is very busy in the mornings on the weekend.-late check out is very limited even if you are a HH memberPros - location location location!-subway access-clean rooms-provided 2 bottles of water in the room-free internet-free local callsRoom rates varied on the day of the week and if anything else was going on.Madison Gardens was 1 block away.Macy's and Manhatten Mall was 1 block north. Lots to do and see in the area.Tip: if travelling around all day, consider buying the all day MetroCard which is $7 and only purchaseable at the Hudson News stores in the subway area. It is not dispensed through the automated machines.Running shoes and/or very comfortable walking shoes are a must!	
Oct 11 2007 	Great for business travel	I had to travel to the city for business and was recommended this hotel by a colleague who lives here. It was an excellent location for what I needed - close to Penn Station so I could take the train and subway for where I needed to go. The room was small, which is to be expected in the city as well as the high rate. I found the neighborhood not at all difficult or scary; having to walk to the train early in the morning and several blocks for a business meeting was fine. I wouldn't walk the street alone at 2am, but I don't do that at home either. Earl mornings they are filled with business people going to work. Also, NY people are exceptionally friendly and when I needed to ask a question on the street to make sure I was headed to the right direction I was immediately helped.The room was clean, the staff excellent, friendly, and willing to help me with whatever I needed. I appreciated the bottles of water and cookies that welcomed me to the room as well as those left by the housekeeping staff. Having free wireless internet service in the room was greatly appreciated as most hotels charge extra for the service. Because of other commitments I didn't enjoy the breakfast other than grabbing fruit and yogurt, but the rest looked good. As for noise, I live in another city so it didn't bother me. It was actually quiet - realize that occasional sirens and cars is part of the city life. I would recommend this hotel to anyone coming to the city who understands the benefits and location.	
Oct 9 2007 	Just OK...	The Hampton Inn Madison Square Garden was just OK...not what one would expect for the money. I've stayed in other hotels and payed similar rates, and the rooms and overall hotel were pristine. Mind you, I am extremely picky when it comes to cleanliness of hotels. The immediate area that the hotel is in is a bit shady. Early one morning there were tons of people lined up across the street for what seemed to be a soup kitchen. Once you get out on the main streets, it's fine. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and accomodating. The rooms were small, but we expected that, and were overall clean. I liked the newer style shower rods that face out so that the curtain doesn't touch you while showering. The first night, after a long day of traveling, we pulled the sheets down on one of the beds and found several hairs. The sheets looked a bit dingy as well; I questioned whether they had even been washed. The other bed in the room, however, seemed to be clean. The air conditioning unit was dusty and needed to be cleaned. On the second day, we came back to the room mid-day to find that the carpet outside of our room and near the door/bathroom area inside the room was completely soaked. We called downstairs but the problem, probably a leak of some sort, was never resolved. It was extremely annoying to have to watch where you stepped so that you didn't soak your feet, especially in the middle of the night! The hotel itself was quiet; it was a bit noisy outside one night but aside from that we got good sleep. All in all, Hampton Inn Madison Square Garden wasn't the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, but it was far from the best. Next time I'll choose a better, safer-feeling area (like uptown!).	
Aug 27 2007 	Good hotel great location	We visited NYC last weekend for my children's first visit (6 and 9 years old) to the city. We particularly liked being close to Empire State Building, so we could go early and beat the crowds. The hotel is located a couple of blocks from ESB and Madison Square Garden and close to Times Square. We walked to most locations, even Pier 83 since the weather was beautiful. We were on the tenth floor and our window looked onto an office building, but since it was the weekend, there was no one there. There are only 8 rooms on each floor and we did not hear any of our neighbours. The rooms are small, but clean. The buffet breakfast had a lot of variety which was good since my son is a picky eater. There were hot snacks, cookies and coffee/lemonade in the lobby in the evening. Overall, we were pleased with our stay and would go back. I had booked on-line a couple of months in advance and when I checked the website right before leaving, they had increased their rates substantially. Of course, they honored the rate I had been given when I booked.	
Aug 12 2007 	Not for claustrophobes	I booked this hotel through Hilton Honors - I was told it would be no problem to have an open view out the window. The room we were given looked directly into another building... not unusual for NYC, but not what we were promised. The room was tiny. We paid over $300 a night ... I think you can do better elsewhere. My complaint re: the &quot;view&quot; was brushed off by front desk staff - There are alternatives, I learned too late - for example the Radison nearby has 100's of rooms facing Greeley Square, much more open.	
Jul 14 2007	Great location great staff!	I like the Hampton Inn brand for being a comfortable, affordable place to stay. The formula has translated well into New York City.We had a family trip with 15 people. The location was perfect. Subway access for major subway lines were only a block or two away. Getting around the city was easy. Times Square is not a hard walk from the hotel. The Empire State Building is even closer.I think the staff is exceptional -- friendly, professional, and very helpful. One evening, we brought a giant Carnegie Deli cheesecake back to the hotel. The staff opened the dining room so that all 15 of us could enjoy a New York treat together. The rooms were clean and comfortable. But expect them to be a little on the small side because you’re in New York City.My wife and I are planning a visit to New York by ourselves. We plan on staying at the Hampton Inn again.	
Jul 11 2007 	Nice...but small	Overall, the hotel was nice. As with almost any hotel, it did have some things that could have been better. The main thing was that the rooms were very small, especially for our family of 3. We had a king bed and had a roll away each night. We were basically stepping over each other when we were in the room (which really wasn't all that often). The location was good, but if it had been one or two streets over, it would have been better. There is a church or mission on the other side of the street so there were quite a few homeless people around. They never were a problem while we were walking to and from the hotel. The hotel provided a nice breakfast each morning. The food was good and it sure saved our family alot of money. They also had little snacks in the evenings. The staff was always helpful if we had a question or needed anything.	
Jul 10 2007 	Impressively Clean Outstanding Service and Great Location!	My husband and I stayed at this Hampton Inn from July 1 to July 6. This was our first visit to New York City and we arrived at Penn Station on Amtrak, within walking distance of the hotel. We found this location very convenient, as we were in close proximity to the subway and all the major attractions, Times Square, the Empire State Building, etc.Every morning, we were warmly welcomed by Mohamed, the lead attendant of the Breakfast Bar. Although the dining facility was constantly busy, Mohamed always went out of his way to personally ensure that we had everything we needed. He is truly four-star! The food was always good and there was plenty of it as well.The layout of the rooms made for a more quiet stay, no noisy neighbors running through the corridors. The only indication that there was a housekeeping staff was the fact that our room was always clean and we were supplied with fresh towels daily. This is the first time we have ever stayed in a lodging facility without seeing staff or cleaning carts cluttering the corridors.My husband refers to Hampton Inn as the &quot;Official Hotel of the Perry Family&quot;; we always stay there because of its quality, but this Hampton Inn is head and shoulders above any other in which we have stayed. Rest assured that our next stay in New York City will be at the Hampton Inn-Herald Square!	
Jul 10 2007 	Great stay for the price	When I booked this hotel, I was a little concerned about what we would get considering it was priced cheaper than the majority of hotels within Manhattan. But when we got there, it was ok. The location was great, within walking distance of everything. The room was very small but very clean. I appreciated the breakfast, considering most NYC hotels don't offer that. Loved the flat screen TV on the wall. The only issue we had was that there was a bad smell coming from the AC. The maintenance person came to fix it, but there was still a little trace of the smell after he left. Also, a couple suggestions- add a safe and mini-fridge in the rooms.	
Jul 9 2007	This is a great hotel to visit while in NY!!!	The location is great, being close to mid town, the subways and trains. If you're looking for a large room in NY then you'll be paying for it also- this is a typical size room that is definitely newer, very clean and welcoming.The free breakfast has something for everyone from fruit,cereal, yogurt, eggs, bagels, etc. and the menu varies each day. They have snacks waiting in the afternoon when you're back from a funfilled day also.We came for the 4th and of course so did alot of other people. we were on the top floor hoping to be away from the city noise but unfortunately were next to a loud group of kids staying in a room by themselves with their parents never around. We spoke to the desk and were moved ASAP with no questions asked. The staff is great, friendly, helpful and even suggested a restaurant one night which was outstanding and reasonably priced. We'll stay here on our next visit	
Jul 6 2007 	Great location and Staff	This was our (family of 4) first trip to New York, and we were concern about the hotel and the location. The reviews of the hotel were generous, but after a week of an outstanding experience - the reviews should have been much higher. When you stay here expect more than the reviews. The concierge John, was top notch with his knowlege of locations and tips for city travel. He also provided treats for the kids. The rooms were clean, good free breakfast and location. The hotel is close to all of your needs. Couple of items of note; don't rent a car (trust me) and pack small because the rooms are small. We carry an extra suitecase for gifts - glad we did. Bring your camera.The best way to get around - the subway - asked the attendents for dierections, and bring some comfortable shoes. Awesome - no regrets. We will be back!	
Jun 25 2007 	Great Location!	This was a great hotel in NYC. It is located a block away from Madison Square Garden and Penn Station. You can easily take the subway to any major attraction from here. The hotel was clean and the service was excellent. It is a great deal in the heart of the city. My only complaint would be the hot breakfast. It was not very good. However, they did have a good variety of continental breakfast items. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 21 2007	The WORST!!!!!!	I cannot believe the good reviews this hotel is receiving. It is a terrible hotel. I stayed here with my girlfriend in early April after travelling through Europe and I can say this was the worst hotel we stayed in throughout our travels. Firstly when we arrived the smell of the lobby was almost unbearable. It smelled like vomit. I presumed someone may have just thrown up, but the fact is the disgusting smell of puke remained in the lobby area throughout our stay. I don't know what it was but it was awful. Also when we arrived we found out that the room we had booked with a king sized bed was not available. No explanation was given and as far as Im concerned we were never adequately compensated. Management should have at least apologised in person. Instead my girlfriend and I had to use two separate beds, which was not very romantic. It ruined our trip. We got no sleep at all during our stay in NYC thanks to the hotels paper thin walls. We could hear the rooms either side of us chatting away until 1am. It was very annoying. Do not stay here if you intend on sleeping. The breakfast was a dietitians worst nightmare. Finding something low in cholestrol and without any sugar was mission impossible. Luckily there was some fruit. The rest of the breakfast was quite simply disgusting. We will never stay here again, and would not recommend it to anyone. Avoid this place if you can.	
May 8 2007 	Great place to stay in NY!	I stayed here with my daughter for 3 nights at the end of April. I was able to get an excellent AAA rate for 170.10 a night for a 2-double bedroom.When we arrived, (around 12:30 pm) we were promptly greeted by two wonderful front desk employees. We were given all the necessary information about the hotel including the fact that there was free coffee and juice 24-hours a day and cookies available at 5:30 pm. Wewere told where the breakfast room was and that breakfast was served from 6:30am to 10:00 am, and also that there was ice machines on several floors, as well as an excercise room on the ground floor nearthe vending machines. We were able to check in early and as requested, we received a room on an upper floor in a quiet area.We were very happy with our room. It was very cozy and really was adequate for the two of us! We loved the flat-screen t.v. which really saved on space. We had a nice desk, a locker-room-type closet which was more than adequate, along with a night stand, alarm clock, black-out drapes, the window opened a little in case you need a little fresh air. Individual heating/cooling system, hair dryer, coffee maker, free local calls, wonderful little liquid soaps, shampoo, conditioner, and little extras like cotton balls, Q-tips, shower caps, etc.... The pillows were wonderful! The bed was so comfortable that I could've slept in all day! Not once did we awaken from horns or noisy neighbors. Oh, and in case I didn't mention it before, the room was very clean! No nasties here!Breakfast was wonderful! Cereals, milk, juices, yogurt, bananas, apples, fruit compote, muffins, toast, bagels, and each day something hot such as eggs, or meat, etc.....This was such a huge plus! We ate a really big breakfast which held us over until around 3pm which at that time, we would eat a large meal for the day.Once again, as I said, the front desk staff was so very helpful. They were ready to answer any questions or help you in any way that they could. They also had an area for early or late check-in in case your room was not ready or if you had a late flight.The only thing that I wish they had, was a bigger sign out front, it was a little hard to see. Just look for the Dunkin' donuts right nextdoor! I will stay here again!	
May 8 2007 	Fabulous Hotel!	This was probably the best valued hotel I have ever stayed in for all the times I've visited the Big Apple. The room was very small but still, us 4 girls stayed in it quite comfortably seeing that we only went back to the room to drop our shopping off, have a little rest, and sleep at night. The room was very, very clean. The breakfast buffet was great to start off our day. The employees who worked in the breakfast area worked very hard at replenishing and cleaning the area regularly; no shortage of anything! The staff at the front desk was always so helpful to us. They accomodated all our needs and we were grateful for that. At the end of the day, juice, coffees, cookies or appetizers were served which was a nice treat after walking the city all day. The hotel is located right across from great shopping. It is at least a 25 minute walk to Times Square. Will stay there again and will recommend it to friends. Thanks Everyone at the Hampton Inn Madison Square Gardens for making our stay an enjoyable one!	
Apr 28 2007 	Good value in the $$$ city....	I was worried about staying here because the location is not great, other than being close to Madison Square Garden and Macy's, the neighborhood is safe enough, but has nothing else to recommend it. Having said that, the hotel itself, and especially the rooms are very, very nice. My room had 2 double beds that were very comfortableand each had 3 pillows, (3 firm and 3 soft), to satisfy all sleepers!My room had a flat screen TV, small chest of drawers, desk and an adequate closet. The breakfast is included in the room price and it is actually pretty good, as long as you don't need eggs and bacon everyday. They have fruit, yogurt, cereal, bagels, toast, english muffins, muffins and biscuits. In addition, they have 2 hot selections that they change each day. Newspaper, (USA Today) is also complimentary.The breakfast room is pretty basic, but if you don't need something fancy, it's fine. The only thing I didn't like is that all the cups,plates, bowls and cutlery were plastic, which is pretty environmentally irresponsible!The bathroom in my room was a bit small, but everything was very clean and worked very well. Great water pressure in the shower. The location is convenient for 3 subway lines and there are good cheap internet cafes only 2 blks away, which is important since I don't have a laptop. I would stay here again. I found it much better than some of the 4 and 5 star hotels I have stayed in in Manhattan!	
Apr 26 2007	Do Not Stay Here!!	Had expensive personal property stolen from the Hotel. Room had been entered by a Master Card Key while we were out. No Customer Service and we were not reimbursed by the Hotel and/or the Management Company for our loss. Need to bring all your valuables with you when you leave the Hotel. Longtime Hilton Honor member....will never stay at any Hampton Inn and/or Hilton Hotel the rest of my life after this experience.	
Apr 23 2007	Hampton Inn was better than I expected!	The Hampton Inn was so great. We stayed there for 2 nights during a 5 day trip. The other 2 nights we stayed at the Grand Hyatt near Grand Central Station and I preferred the Hampton. The Grand Hyatt, where it was much more grand and spacious, lacked the little nicities that the Hampton offered. The free breakfast was great...lots of hot and cold food options and a very large eating area. One day, we stopped back at the hotel midday and there were snacks in the lobby...cookies, and other hot food in warmers that looked like quesadillas or something. I only had the cookies...which were tasty. The rooms were very sleek. I was with a group of 4 and we had 2 rooms. We reserved smoking rooms because that was all that was availabe...and none of us smoke, so we were preparing ourself for the smell (we armed ourselves with plug-in air freshners), but we totally didnt need it. There was a pleasant citrus smell in the room in one room and the other was if no one had ever smoked in it. The beds were luxurious! The bathrooms were standard. Flat screen tvs were really cool. It was a small room, but that is what you would expect in NYC. One of our rooms was ready before the other, so 4 of us waited in the one room, and it was a tight squeeze with all of our luggage and 4 adults. For 2 people though...a perfect fit. The free internet was a plus also...the Grand Hyatt charged a daily rate.	
Apr 19 2007	Top of the World	Everything from getting on the plane to going home on the plane. Fantastic! Best place in the entire world.Hotel was super, no issues with anything at all, they helped with every little thing we wanted to know and were very keen to assist. Very small rooms but unless your going to pay out of the nose then this is what your going to get in a prime location. Macy 2 block, Herald Sq 2 blocks nicest tasting hot chocolate in the world they sell their. Timesquare 10 blocks...brilliant. Everybody must go and must stay here. Location perfect. I do have to say though right across the street there is a probabtion office,and a lot of people did sleep homeless on the same street but no one was any bother at all. excellent.... keep up the good work	
Apr 18 2007 	Great Service Clean Great Location	Stayed for 3 nights in early March '07. Took the express Long Island RR from JFK and arrived in about a half hour to Penn Station, a block from the hotel (no cab necessary!) Arrived very early in the morning - well before check in - and was offered breakfast and an available room! Pleasant surprise. After viewing a room available, decided to wait for a room on a higher floor with a street view - no problem. Stowed my bags and returned in the evening after work to find bags placed in my room. Nice hot breakfast, friendly staff and front desk. Less than ideal was weak water pressure for the shower and the maid cart that was parked outside my room in the narrow hallway for most of the weekend, requiring me to walk sideways to get around it to get to the elevator (hazard?). Very comfortable bed and soft towels. Room does not have a lot of wiggle room so if you like to spread out you might feel constricted. However, the cleanliness, hospitality and professional attitude of the staff was comparable to much more expensive hotels in my experience. I have stayed at the LaQuinta, Red Roof, Raddison in the garment district and this beats them all hands down! I've already booked my next stay.	
Jan 22 2007	Excellent hotel	Stayed here for five nights in January 2007. Accomodation spotlessly clean and comfortable with very friendly and helpful staff. Roms a little small - the only closet was full of tea/coffee making facilities and iron/ ironing board so we lived out of suitcases which was no particular hardship. Free breakfast offered a larger range of foods than we had expected - cereals, juices, hot buffet, muffins, breads, donuts, fresh fruit and yoghurts. Very conveniently located within walking distance of subways and Macy's, Manhatten Mall, K Mart. Lots of shops, cafes, delis and restaurants nearby. A Starbucks on the corner, Catholic Church almost oposite, 99cent store over the road.Would highly recommend.	
Jan 19 2007	Fantastic Hotel - well worth a visit	We stayed here for 4 days and cannot praise it highly enough. On our arrival we were warmly welcomed and immediately offered a choice of room - the top floor or an upgrade to a King size bedroom on 3rd. Although the room on 3 was the smallest in the hotel looking at the plans it was perfectly adequate and more than exceeded our expectations. The bed was huge and v. comfy and the room was spotlessly clean.We tried really hard to find something negative to say but failed dismally! The staff were great especially the bellhops and reception who even helped organise a take out meal delivered to our room.The Hotel also unusually for NY, offers a wide ranging breakfast which was tasty, varied, healthy (and not so healthy options) and kept us going through our daily hike until the evening.If I ever make it back to NY again I will definately stay here.It is also placed in an ideal location midtown, near stations, (Penn station 1 block) 2 blocks from Macey's and Empire State building.	
Jan 7 2007 	perfect	Bril hotel. staff very plesent could not do enough for you. Free breakfast as much as you wanted. perfect location across the road from madinson sq gardens, ten mins walk to times sq. would recommend.	
Jan 4 2007	excellent hotel reasonable price great location very clean!	I stayed at this hotel for 10 days between Christmas and New Years. Upon arrival the staff member at the front desk was very helpful and professional. She changed my room to a higher floor so it would be a quiet stay. The hotel is very clean and quite new. The rooms are larger (for New York) and they have new plasma TVs. The bed was huge and very comfortable. The breakfast was hot (eggs and sausages etc) and cold with plenty of variety. I was not hungry until later in the day. The bathroom was very clean. The staff were very professional and courteous at all times. The location is great. A couple of blocks from Macey's, the Empire State Building and Madison Square Garden. You can easily walk to Times Square as well. It is near major subway stops if you prefer public transit. The rooms are well insulated and were quiet. I was not disturbed by other guests (even after New Years!). I have stayed at other hotels in the midtown area and for the price this was by far the best. It made my holiday a complete success.	
Dec 27 2006 	Great stay	Good locaiton - easy to find - convenient parking - safe streets.Staff was very friendly (Front Desk at check-in, Bellman and even the Manager, who helped us get a cab). Hotel lobby and public areas clean. Didn't get a chance to have breakfast.Room was very small - but exceptionally clean - sleek modern look - good beds. Cool flat tv on the wall (saved space). Alothought the hotel is small and very vertical - you didn't feel claustrophobic and did not hear people in the rooms around you.EASY walk to Madison Square Garden (1 block), Subway (2 blocks) and Times Square (10 blocks or so??). Cool Irish restaurant a block away. Would recommend it for lunch (excellent) when it's more quiet....dinner/drinks if you like a noiser atmosphere in the evenings.Had a great stay! Will absolutely come back again.	
Nov 22 2006 	First Hamption Experience - nice place	Normally stay at full-service hotels. Had tix for a show and found a good price on the hilton.com site, we're HH members and the reviews of others on this site gave us encouragement to try their Hamption Inn hotel for a change.It was clean, well taken care of, friendly staff and had a better then expected breakfast buffet.Location was perfect - we felt safe walking in the area of the hotel.Can't beat it for the price.Will be back.	
Oct 1 2006 	Clean rooms good breakfast and a great staff	My friend and I stayed at the Hampton Inn for a couple of nights for a little getaway to New York. This hotel is great. Yes the rooms are not huge, but are big enough and are quite comfy. The bathroom is roomy as well. The rooms and the main areas are very CLEAN. Every staff member, (front desk, bellman,housekeepers), is helpful and sincerely friendly.and seems honestly happy to make sur eyou are comfortable and happy....One morning, even the Assistant manager (Tim?)of the hotel was helping on the buffet area to make sure all was well!The location is good. You can walk to Penn Station and pick up any train..............All in all, was more than I expected. Perfect for a travel/sightseeing getaway. We had a great time.I would definitely stay here again	
Aug 20 2006 	Fantastic stay all around	We really enjoyed our stay at the Hampton Inn. The staff - at all times - were helpful, especially the concierge who offered a dozen great suggestions for my teenage son. The room was small, but for NYC it was normal and who's there to stay in a room anyway! The breakfast area was well stocked, very clean, and quite good. The location was great for the Javits - about 10 minutes walk. Times Square and many excellent sites were also within 10-12 minutes easy walk. Parking was simple and cheap (for NYC) at the garage around the corner. I will be back!	
Aug 4 2006 	A good solid value.	New York City hotels in this price range are, at best, a little uneven. You either get a super tiny room or a really dirty one. But if you're looking for &quot;reasonable&quot; (yes, it's all relative with NYC prices), it'd be hard to go wrong with this hotel. Folks coming in on the train will like how it is nearby -- just a couple of blocks from Penn Station. There are subway stations easily walkable to take you around the city. It's not in the most fashionable location, but I felt safe walking around on a summer night. I would much rather spend the little extra money it costs to say in Manhattan than to schlep into the city from a cheaper hotel in New Jersey.  We had a two-queen bed room that was spacious enough for a Dad and his teen-age daughter. Of course, the Hampton Inn breakfast, included as part of the rate, is good way to start the day. I will say their coffee tastes pretty lousy. I'm not a coffee snob, but they could do better. The staff was very very helpful and polite. The bellmen were absolutely fantastic, helping my daughter and I figure out the subway map and suggesting ways to get to our destinations. If you are a picky traveler who wants to be in the perfect neighborhood with luxury appointments, don't come here. If you need a room that is priced reasonably compared to the competition but might be better and tad more expensive than the cheapest of cheap, you won't go wrong here.	
Jul 20 2006 	Great Hotel and Very friendly staff!	The hotel and staff exceeded our expectations. There was a little mix-up with our room that I reserved through 1800hiltons. We reserved a room that was nonsmoking, with two double beds because we had my daughter and her asthmatic friend staying with us. They weren't able to give us a nonsmoking room and we kind of got a run around about it. We were told that if you need to guarantee anything, you need to call the hotel directly and make sure they schedule it for you in their computers. The manager addressed the issue for us after our stay and we are very satisfied. I would highly recommend this hotel. It was a new property, very clean, very courteous staff, very nice complimentary breakfast. The staff will even store your luggage for you after you check out, which was very helpful for us since it's not very convenient to get your luggage back to your vehicle, in the parking garage, and we still had some sightseeing to do until later that afternoon. They will hold luggage for you until 11pm. Keep in mind that you will have to pay around 25.00 for 25 hours of parking and you have to get your ticket validated by hotel to get this rate. The parking garage is not right next to the hotel. There is a little bit of a walk to get to it and there is no in and out at the parking garage. This wasn't a problem for us because we planned on walking and using the subway anyway. The hotel was in a good location for all of the sights.	
Jul 14 2006	Traveler Beware.........................	I had the opportunity to stay in the Hampton Inn Madison Square Garden. Albeit the rooms were clean and neat and the free breakfast was well received, my advise to anyone traveling is to make very sure you take all of your personal belongings when you leave. I left a personal item immediately reported it 7 hours after I checked out. Voice mail messages when unanswered for two days, then a promise by housekeeping to check into it. Again two days went by with not the courtesy of a response. Finally after my 6th call, I was told the housekeeper did not find the article. Am I surprised? I think not. Now I have a call into the hotel manager to reimburse me for the cost of this item. Had my inquiry been acted on immediately, I would probably not be having this conversation. It will be interesting to see what the hotel management has to say. I will keep you posted. It is not so much the item that concerns me, it's the total lack of professionalism of this staff and responding in a timely manner. My other issue is that one of the exit staircases used for emergencies was blocked with rolls of construction material. Mentioned to management that was a liability....never did find out if they cleared it out, nor did I check. Would I stay here again? I think not...............	
Jun 14 2006	Excellent!!	We stayed at the Hampton Inn Memorial weekend, May 26-May 30. My husband, myself, daughter11, and son 8 had a room with 2 double beds on the 10th floor. The room and hotel were spotless. The staff was very, very helpful and friendly, especially Codi, the bellman. The AC worked great in the room, the bathroom was a little small but was fine, a storage cabinet in the room was great for extra room to store small suitcases and bags. There was a flat scren TV that had lots of good channels. The free breakfast was great with lots of choices. Muffins, bagels , toast and english muffins to toast yourself , many hot items, 3 different kinds of juice every morning, cereals, fresh fruit and 3-4 choices of coffees. They also have warm cookies, coffe, tea, lemonade, etc...in the lobby in a machine avaliable 24hours, which was excellent. The hotel was very close to Penn station, maybe a 5 minute walk, and Times Square and many other attractions and great restaurants 10-15 minute walk away.Great hotel, would for sure stay here again!!	
Jun 5 2006	Fabulous!	Great hotel...reasonably priced. Room was a little small but was very comfortable and clean. It had everything you meeded including hair dryer and coffee pot. Beds were very comfy. It was within walking distance to many major attractions.Staff was very helpful about giving directions to a first time New York tourist. They had lemonade and fresh warm cookies in the lobby and the complimentary hot breakfast was excellent. I would definately recommend this hotel.	
May 9 2006	More than decent	We spent one night at this Hampton Inn and thought it was a good value. It is located in a great spot and although the rooms are small they are clean and nice. Both room and bathroom are small but considering NYC and prices, this is a great value for your money. The beds are truly comfy and it is nice to have a flat screen to watch as you slowly drift off into sleep. Don't count on a view here as you will be facing the street or the side brick buildings that make you think of garment sweat shops but that is not the point. Breakfast in the morning is alright......you won't be blown away by the quaity of it but it is nice to have something to throw into your stomach without having to pay for it and it beats eating fast food for example. I have to say that this Hampton Inn is another great example of the many Hamptons through out the country. I have stayed at a few and have not yet had a bad experience.	
Apr 28 2006	Great hotel so friendly	Great hotel for the money. Good location, within 10 min of walking to Times Square, plenty of shopping near hotel. Hotel room was a little small but very clean with modern decor. The staff was wonderful and very friendly....they greated us right away and were willing to answer any questions and accomidate us. The complimentary breakfast is super.....so much to choose from, hot and cold meal options available. Ask for extra washclothes in the bathroom as we were only given one a day. this hotel was great and made our stay wonderful, I would definilty recommend and would definilty stay here again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 11 2006 	Clean functional but small.	Clean rooms. Complimentary internet access. Pretty quiet rooms that are well insulated. A pretty good complimentary hot breakfast. I paid $200 a day weekend rate. The rooms are small and it would be tough to fit three in the room comfortably. But for a Midtown hotel, I was happy to stay in a room that was modern. The only downside, the elevators can be SLOW during check-in and check-out times. Yes Manhattan hotels are expensive, but the rooms are generally bigger. If it were $150 or less, I'd give it an excellent rating.	
Mar 19 2006	Great value hotel with first rate customer care	A very good hotel for the price, with comp breakfast and internet. Rooms very modern, flat screen TV, recently refurbished, extremely clean. Great central location minutes from Times Square, Macy's etc. But what made it stand out for us was the helpfulness of the staff. I'd recommend it!	
Jan 29 2006 	Very Pleased	I was pleasantly surprised by this Hampton Inn, just a hop from Penn Station. The king bed room was small, no seating area other than at the desk and very limited storage space. But the other amenities made up for that. The bathroom was good size with a decent power shower. The wall-mounted flat panel helped the room feel a bit larger. Free internet and local phone calls are much appreciated. The breakfast was more than adequate and the warm cookies at night were a nice touch. The front desk staff were very nice but knew very little about the local area. But I would certainly return!	
Jan 1 2006	Solid Value	Stayed at the Hampton Madison Square Garden for 4 nights between Xmas and New Years. Room was clean and well stocked with bathroom supplies. Reservation was exactly as quoted. Staff was always helpful and available. Concierge, John, was great-directions, suggestions always on the mark and his contacts got us 4 theatre tickets to a sold out show. Subway is a couple of blocks in each direction and cabs were always in the area. Close to Macy's (Herald Square), the Garden (obviously), Empire State Building. Breakfast was OK, but Bagel Maven on 7th Ave. near 30th was great and Pizza Town across the street from there had good NY pizza at fair price. On the down side, rooms are small. Our family called this the skinny hotel, but after talking to friends at other locations, I think many places in this price range are about the same size. Two NY lessons learned: don't go to BB King club, bad food and lousy service; don't use Lincoln Limousine, opt for Deborah Limo instead.	
Dec 8 2005	It was nice	We had no problems with our stay at the Hampton INN. Yes, the rooms were small but the king size bed and was wonderful. We were within walking distance of the empire state building, time square and rockafeller center. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 29 2005	ideal place	the hampton inn at madison is an ideal place for your short stay in new york. it is close to many things and is very clean and comfortable, has excellent bathroom and shower facilities, and there is a stand to put your cases on and we did have a closet in our room. all the staff were very helpful when we approached them and the breakfast did the trick as well. would we recommend this hotel, definetely and to any guys wondering where to get that first pint then o`reillys is about 150 yards along the street to the right as yoy exit the hotel.	
Nov 17 2005	Excellent Value	This hotel boasts a superb location, only seconds from Empire State, Macy's, Maddison Square Gardens and Penn station. Our room was really nice with great bathroom and facilities. The staff were great and the complimentry breakfast was fab and a real bonus, great coffee available all day. We do not have any negatives about the hotel it was an all round excellent stay. Would stay again and reccomend to others.	
Nov 16 2005 	Poor Customer Service	The hotel had a good location for walking to Time Square's, 5th Ave. shopping, and Penn Station. It is on an off street with lots of construction during the day. At night it is quite dark. The hotel is not as secure as others I've stayed at in the city where they actually buzz you in. The rooms were extremely small there was no where to put suit cases, no closet space. If you have more than 2 people in the room it is sickeningly small. Luckily in NYC you don't spend much time in the room. Front desk staff were rude anytime they were approached. We had quite a problem on our last night with a clogged toilet. They had no access to a plunger after maintenance left. We were told to use the downstairs bathroom until toilet could be fixed in the morning. It is outrageous that a hotel does not have access to a plunger at night! The front desk staff would not even put me through to the manager's voice mail, which shows there was something wrong. Finally, many phone conversations later, we were allowed to have another room to use. We found out later that day that 2 other groups attending our conference had the same problem.I will say the bellmen were extremely helpful, and the breakfast was nice. I would recommend the Double Tree Guest Suites in Time's Square, or the Embassy Suites near Battery Park.	
Nov 7 2005 	Very nice hotel		
Oct 16 2005	Hampton Inn Madison Square Garden		
Sep 27 2005	Great hotel in a good location		
Aug 2 2005	Very convenient!		
Jun 4 2005	Handy and functional		
Jun 3 2005	Satisfied Customer		
Apr 19 2005	Good News and Bad News		
Apr 14 2005	great customer service		
Mar 25 2005	Not Impressed with this Hampton Inn.		
Mar 17 2005	Good Location		
Nov 14 2009 	Muy caro para ser un hotel que parecía de 2*		
Nov 10 2009 	très bon séjour		
Oct 8 2009 	Top Hotel zu einem super Preis!		
Sep 3 2009 	Altamente recomendable..		
Sep 1 2009 	Hotel Perfecto Desayuno Y Gente Muy Amable		
Sep 1 2009 	Totalmente recomendable		
Jul 30 2009 	Super bequeme Betten - 5 Sterne!!!		
Jul 20 2009 	excellent rapport qualite prix		
Jun 18 2009 	Bien situado y atendido. Moderno y práctico. Buen desayuno		
May 28 2009 	Een zeer aan te raden gunstig gelegen hotel		
May 22 2009 	Top Hotel - nur weiterzuempfehlen!!!		
Apr 27 2009 	Super		
Mar 17 2009 	Top		
Mar 15 2009 	como en casa		
Apr 14 2008 	best buy		
Sep 6 2007	pessima esperienza all'Hampton Inn madison square garden		
Jan 21 2007 	Guten Hotel in sehr zentraler Lage !!!		
