	Outstanding	This hotel was once an apartment building that has been converted into a hotel. We had a corner apt on the 19th floor. We felt like tru new yorkers! And, theres a restaurant on the 26th floor with terraces as well. It was just an awesome experience! Im definitely staying there again.	
	Friendly staff	I haven't stayed at the Beekman for awhile, but decided to give it a try again because it had such a reasonable rate. The staff were so helpful and polite, along with the maids and doormen also. Nice quiet side of town. I was wondering why the adjoining restaurant had closed, which was a nice plus. We did take advantage of the complimentary breakfast at the Top of the Tower which was fabulous overlooking the East River. Will definitely return.	
Nov 25 2009 	Brilliant location lovely hotel	Stayed here in Oct 09 for 4 nights. We were given a junior suite which included fridge,cooker and microwave. The room was lovely, decor just fine. The location was excellent, only 8 mins on foot to Rockafella center. Small restaurant and cornor shop directly across the street for all you may need. The restaurant on the top floor has beautiful views, we ate there one night, food prices similar to home prices, drinks were little pricey. Discovered since it is owned by Anglo Irish bank, but is run better than the bank so no worries there...	
Nov 24 2009 	Satisfied traveler... hope to return	I booked The Beekman hotel after much searching and agonizing over price versus value.I booked thru Travelocity and got a fantastic deal. On my way to the hotel, I phoned The Beekman to ensure that my reservation had been completed by Travelocity. The hotel informed me that Travelocity had, in fact, NOT made my reservation! BUT, the hotel assured me that... although Travelocity was unable to complete even the most basic of functions, The Beekman would look after my family and make sure we were taken care of. Well, I finally got Travelocity to complete the reservation and The Beekman called me less than 30 seconds later to let me know I was all set.When we arrived, 2 hours early, the hotel front desk (Michael) told me our room was ready and we could check in immediately. (WOW).The room was spacious and clean as a whistle (why do people use that phrase? Are whistles REALLY the standard of clean?)The carpet and furnishings were outdated and worn... but certainly not unclean or unusable. For the price we paid, we would stay there again tomorrow. The doorman (John... you the man), was friendly and helpful. He gave us alot of great advice on where to eat and how to get around. The room had an incredible view. We NEVER saw any type of vermin as has been accused here by others. We felt completely safe and the bed was ABSOLUTELY comfortable!Overall, a good experience in a comfortable room. We look forward to returning.	
Nov 17 2009 	Sliding Downhill Rapidly	My wife and I have stayed at the Beekman quite a few times over the past five or six years. We were happy to trade the location and room size for the shabby decor and tired carpets. However, the last two times this year has convinced us to give up on the place. We were told that the hotel does not provide room heating unless the outdoor temperature is under 50 F (sounds like tenement rules to me). The doormen were never at the door and if they ever appeared, it was outside smoking. Our in-room tea alowance was one teabag and three packets of sugar daily. The trash bins were not emptied daily and the rest of housekeeping service was prefunctory. A guest left their room service tray and dishes next to the elevator door and IT STAYED THERE FOR TWO DAYS!!	
Oct 27 2009 	Tired but spacious	My friend and I booked this hotel through Thomas Cook. We wanted a twin room with a kitchen and the Beekman Tower provided just that. However, I should mention that although we &quot;requested&quot; a twin room, it was just that - a request and it wasn't until my friend phoned the hotel direct as soon as we'd made the reservation that they ensured that we had a twin room. They only have three twin suites according to the receptionist so if you have a specific request it's worth phoning and confirming.When we got there the receptionist had our twin booking and our original booking - which turned out to be a queen suite. He cancelled this and left us with the twin booking without any fuss.Our room wasn't ready at 3pm but they stowed our luggage and we went for a quick walk and the room was ready at 3.30pm.The suite (3L) was large and until the air conditioning was switched on, right at the end of our holiday, it was very quiet. The aircon/heating in the room works very well indeed. It was the aircon outside the lounge window that was an issue. However, we got used to it pretty quickly and we weren't in the room very much. The bedroom is at the front of the hotel which was very quiet.As other guests have mentioned, the furniture and carpet are very tired but I'm rather glad that this was the case since it meant that the space was affordable. Had it been more newly furnished it may have been out of our price bracket as it's location was excellent. This part of town is very quiet but still close to the Empire State Building (easily walkable) etc. Our room was perfectly clean.	
Oct 19 2009 	Poor old Beekman	We've stayed at the Beekman many times over the years and have always overlooked its air of shabbiness because we liked the size of the rooms and the genteel feel of the hotel; it's always reminded us of a big but unfancy New York apartment. But our three-night stay in room 11D has persuaded us to give up on the tired old Beekman after all these years. We've never seen hotel furniture in such bad condition, scratched and scraped and looking as if it was found in a thrift shop. (That's no exaggeration.) The Beekman's carpet has always been a little threadbare, but in this room it was ripped and stained and at least 10 years past replacement. The bathroom blinds were bent and twisted as if someone had tried to rip them down. And the bathroom itself was frightening -- a moldy shower curtain, a toilet seat that was the wrong shape for the toilet, and grunge everywhere we looked. While the front desk folks were fine, the housekeeping was hit and miss. (Why clean someplace that will still look dirty when you're done?) All this for nearly $300 a night. It's a shame. The Beekman is a wonderful building in a good location, but until the owner, the Luxe Group, invests in critically needed renovations we won't be going back. It's a shame.	
Oct 5 2009 	Shabby tired and overpriced	This hotel cost $300 per night and I would have expected more for that price. I can see that it has a certain Art Deco charm but my room looked as though it hadn't been decorated since the early part of the 20th century. Dark and dingy room, old and shabby furniture, sticky carpets, cracked tiles, cobwebs. On the plus side it was a large room (more like a mini-apartment really with separate double bedroom, small kitchen and a living room with dining room table, sofa (with pull out bed) and TV. Bizarrely the so-called 'fully equipped' kitchen had a full-size gas cooker with oven and grill but no pots and pans or any other cooking utensils. There was , however, a fridge and a microwave so I managed to microwave mugs of water to make tea! A toaster and coffee machine were also supplied.For a hotel marketed at business visitors I was surprised that there was no in-room internet access. There was a business center on the second floor where you had to pay 30 cents a minute to use the internet.There was a fairly well-equiped gym and an over-priced restaurant on the 26th Floor (maybe worth it for a drink to admire the views but make sure you eat elsewhere).	
Oct 2 2009 	Do not stay at the Beekman unless you like mice and rats in your room!	I stayed at the Beekman Tower between 19 and 26 Sept. 09 and had the most horrible hotel experience ever. In my first room on the 4th floor, rats ate up my gift chocolates. Mice could not have caused such havoc. In the second room on the 8th floor, the bath tub drained so poorly that I took my showers standing in a pool of stagnant soapy water. One night as I was reading in bed, I saw two mice running around the bedroom floor. In the third room on 16th floor, the toilet ran constantly, the rock hard bed was missing a top mattress and there was no blanket. I moved to another hotel before running into mice, which I'm sure would have appeared before long. In addition, one morning there was not one drop if running water in the hotel. When I checked out, the hotel placed my credit card on hold and didn't release it until four days later. Thank goodness I carried another card with me. The hotel also tried to charge me for no-show for one night's accommodation on my additional reservation, which would have started the day I checked out.The hotel's response to all of this was the usual &quot;I'm sorry&quot;. There was never a manager available. To their credit, the bath tub was fixed in a couple of days, free breakfast vouchers were offered as a compensation for the rats and the lack of water. After several reminders I got 20$ compensation for the chocolates and after demanding compensation for yet another room infested with mice, one night's accommodation charges were waived. Still, considering that a room charge for that particular week was 500$/night and that I had to change rooms (=pack &amp; unpack) several times with no help from the hotel staff, the compensation was clearly unsatisfactory. In a nutshell: the hotel is currently infested with mice and rats. Plumbing is a problem and the overall shabbiness makes the hotel substandard. The Beekman used to be a cosy hotel with a perfect location for business travellers. No more. It is sad to see the decay. For 500$ a night - even in New York City - travellers have the right to expect a whole lot more.	
Sep 21 2009 	Good low cost option in Midtown Manhattan	This hotel is situated on the intersection of 51 St. and 1st Av. in Midtown Manhattan. Although this is not quite in the centre of Manhattan it is placed relatively close to some of the main attractions New York has to offer including; the UN headquarters, grand central station, empire state building and 5th Av. These attractions are around a 20 minute walk away. The nearest subway station (number 6 on the green line) is a 10 minute walk away meaning that it is often quicker to walk than to take the subway. For those willing to do some walking whilst in New York this is hotel offers a good compromise between cost and location. For those slightly older and unable to walk too far this is probably not the best hotel for you.In terms of the room, ours was very clean and relatively large for the price. We paid around £90 ($150) a night and we had our own kitchen with breakfast stalls, sofa, queen-sized bed and en-suite bathroom. Although the decor is slightly outdated nothing was damaged or broken. The staff were friendly and helpful. They even gave us free Wifi for the duration of our stay, although it is usually $10 per night. The internet was very fast and reliable. All in all, for a 3 star hotel, this hotel offers good value for money. Apart from the proximity to the subway there is very little to grumble about. If you're on a budget and wish to save a significant sum of money when compared to hotels very close to 5th Av and Times Square then this may be the place for you.	
Sep 19 2009 	Beware of their annex rooms they are dirty noisey and carpeting is shabby.	I have stayed at the Beekman approx. 10 times during the last 5 years. All the previous (9) stays were in their main building and were okay --- clean, quiet, nice rooms for the money charged. However, for this last visit of 3 nights in August I reserved a room using Travelocity's website. The price was a lot cheaper than the Beekman's own website ... and now I know why -- the hotel placed me in their next-door annex. It should really be called the house of horrors. The room was a nightmare. The carpeting was so threadbare that I actually cut (ie. bleeding and needing a bandage and hydrogen peroxide) the bottom of my foot on the carpet tack strip that came through the carpeting at the entrance to the bathroom. The room was dirty, the carpeing filthy, and it was extremely noisey both from the street traffic and especially from the cheap airconditioner unit stuck through the wall, If that weren't bad enough, their elevator kept dinging all night long -- the walls were so thin that this noise echoed through the room. After the first night of 3, I purchased a pair of earplugs at the nearby Dwane Reade. If you were wondering, why I did not change rooms --- I did try. However, they claimed they were all booked. I am sure that the rate thru Travelocity is really the reason why they refused to change the rooms. Also, the 3 nights were prepaid, non-refundable and since I was by myself and have stayed in worse places (small villages in Tibet, Mexico and Costa Rica) I just remained there rather than waste the last 2 nights prepayment. So a warning to the wise traveler --- the Beekman might seem like a good deal and most of the time in the main building it is --- but they have a lot of junk in their room inventory that could ruin your vacation. If the purpose of your visit is pleasure rather than business, be very very careful with this hotel.	
Sep 16 2009 	Wonderful place to stay	This was our second year to visit New York and also our second time to stay at the Beekman Tower. The location is great. Just down the street from the UN and only a short distance from the Theater District. The transit authority has a bus stop just across the street from the front door. The staff was wonderful. Rooms were always clean. One note..this is not a new hotel and don't expect that.	
Sep 13 2009 	Huige suites but somewhat outdated	The hotel offers huge suites, nice staff and fairly clean rooms. The hotel is somewhat old and the good things come at a price.	
Sep 8 2009 	Spacious Suites - good location and very quiet	We stayed in a on one bedroom queen standard suite. Our room was on the 22nd floor and had a great view. The room was clean and spacious. It had a fully equipped kitchen, living area with table and pull-out sofa, and nice master bedroom/comfortable bed. The bathroom had beautiful marble tile. This was a good location, clean , and quiet - walking distance to Grand Central Terminal. The only recommendation on the pull-out sofa ( and this is true with most pull-out sofas ) - this sleeps one person and would bring a egg crate topper/foam mattress for comfort. Also, bring an air mattress/extra bedding for other teen age children.	
Sep 5 2009 	Dated hotel needs upgrading	The proximity of the Beekman Tower Hotel to Grand Central, combined with a decent deal through a travel website, led us here for 2 nights in Sept 2008. The neighborhood is nice enough and removed from the hustle and bustle just a few subway stops away. The hotel itself seems that it was once a place of grandeur but has not been well maintained. The lobby and our room were both in need of upgrades and the general feel of the hotel was somewhat depressing. Our room was small and not as clean as we expected it to be which was unsettling because we're willing to overlook a lot. It is unlikely we would stay here again.	
Aug 26 2009 	Friendly great value and convenience!	We stayed at the Beekman one weekend. The staff are friendly and helpful. The other guests we met were also friendly. Some had returned to this hotel many times, we learned. The room was roomy, and the kitchenette had everything we needed to cook a nice brunch. There was a grocery right across the street. Yes, some of the furniture and rugs could be updated, but this was a trivial matter.	
Aug 23 2009	Most enjoyable stay	I stayed with my brother the last couple of days of july first week of augusthad the most enjoyable time, we got a suite on the 4th floor, with out own kitchen , equipped with fridge, coffeemaker, microwave, oven, cooker, dishwasher, we wanted for nothing, each day our cleaners would leave us heaps of coffee, and tea etc, we left a dollar each for them every morning on the table in living room, we stayed a week and had no problems at all, only thing i found bad was cost of internet, if u have your own laptop you have to pay a charge for room every night, but if you go to conference room it is 10 dollars for half an hour,fitness room is well enough equipped for a basic workout, and the staff are friendly, they sent us back to airport in a stretch limo haha.but if you want a good stay in a nice decently priced hotel then stay here, 24 hr shop across the road that has everything you need, and a greek restaurant beside that with cheap tasty food, i will stay here again	
Aug 10 2009 	Unsafe. Do not stay here.	This hotel is a safety risk and is seedy. After checking in, I noticed the hotel door locks were broken, screws were stripped. Needless to say, we did not feel safe -- we did not stay the night. Unless you feel like sitting by the door all night waiting for intruders, do not stay here. Mascara and strange-looking hairs covered the bed. The management did not offer us a refund, instead literally blaming us for not contacting the hotel engineer at 9pm to fix whatever issues there were. How it is our fault that the hotel was not safe is beyond me. We stayed elsewhere, and had to eat the cost of booking at the Beekman.I am an easy-to-please traveler, and this is the first time that I have even written a review, because I think that other travelers should absolutely find somewhere else to stay in NYC when visiting. You may get lucky and have an enjoyable stay, but you may also have a stay like ours, with safety issues and unhelpful management.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good Hotel Good Location for your Money	Just came back From New York City Manhattan with my husband and 2 kids 11 and 12. We stay at the Beekman Hotel in a Queen Suite. The rooms were very spacious, Kitchen with 4 eye burner, microwave, fridge and dishwasher. Included in the room is a dining room table, pull out couch, TV, A/C in the living and separate Bedroom. The hotel help was great, polite and answered out questions. I talked to one employee that’s been working at the same hotel fro 20yrs and loves it. They have a restaurant at the top floor and a fitness centre on the 2nd floor. Location is on 1st Ave about 6 blocks from Broadway it’s a good walk, we did a few times but also used the subway or taxis. I would suggest the hop on hop off tour bus, it educational and we could get off at any location were the tour bus stopped and get back on (buses run every 10-15 min). The Tour bus stops 5 min walk from the hotel. New York is very expensive, anything on Broadway is very costly, if you want to eat, got past 9th Ave, it gets less expensive. I would stay at this hotel for the convenience of having a kitchen in our room and the price and service was good.	
Jul 26 2009 	Lost its luster	I frequented this hotel in the 1990s. It was a jewel in midtown, part of Manhattan East Suite Hotels group. I decided to go back to it last week. What a disappointment! What used to be great is now gloomy and drab. Surely, the rooms are still large and many come with the convenience of a separate seating room and kitchen, but no space large enough, not even in Manhattan, can compensate for a dingy room that has not seen a decent upkeep in what seems like ages. The carpet is stained, sofas are now covered with cheap sofa-covers from the dollar store, the bathroom in desperate need of bleach! Courtains stained and torn. The Top-of-the-Tower signature restaurant has also decayed. Breakfast buffet is reduced. A complete letdown. Not a place to have a good stay, not anymore, unless a total renovation is planned for the future. What a pity. I had great memories from this place and the location is truly marvelous. Shame on the current owners.P.S. The food tray that was left by the elevator when I checked in, was still uncollected the day I checked out. Three days later! That should tell you something... stay away.	
Jul 22 2009 	Beekman your hayday is over.	$724 for 3 nights in NYC and the hotel has a mouse! This hotel was rated a 3 star. I booked for 3 people, and got a room with one small double bed and a pullout couch. The pullout couch was in such bad condition that you could not sleep with it pulled out. The couch folded up was not much better. After I booked i saw reviews online about this hotel which stated that the hotel was dirty and there a few comments about mice. I called up hotwire right away and the hotwire associate was unbelievably out of line. I told him about the reviews, letting him know that perhaps the condition of the hotel was not the same as it was when hotwire first partnered with the hotel or gave it its star rating. When I mentioned the mouse he told me &quot;Look I have watched 20/20 and I know all about how everywhere has mice.&quot; How can it be acceptable to have a 3 star hotel with mice. This hotel would probably have been great 30-40 years ago in its art deco glory. But there has clearly not been any renovations or upgrades in at least 15 years. I cannot fault the hotel, since with any quick search of the hotel your know what you are getting your self into, the reviews don't lie. I can only fault hotwire.They claim that you will have a hotel with a specific rating, and that it will be comparable to reputable named hotels. This did not live up to the hotwire description. Booking with hotwire leaves you helpless. You have NO power at the hotel to complain about the conditions since you have already paid. This hot is old, do not expect frills. The carpets are weathered and worn, the couches are uncomfortable, the beds are hard. This hotel is also loud. First room was 2H this faces 1st AVE, loud street noise. Then we were switched to 5AII, this room had less street noise but the toilet would run constantly. I would say if you are looking to book a hotel do not book here, I am sure you can find something better. the trip in from Jersey would be well worth it! But if you were like me and booked through Hotwire and did not choose this hotel, but are stuck with it, I saw just be prepared. I made my self sick after reading reviews, hoping they were not true, but fearing they probably were. My tips would be:Do NOT bring ANY food into the room so the mice won't stick around. Keep your luggage zipped up even if its on a table, the mouse in our room was on teh table!Bring ear plugs.Ask to switch rooms, some will be better than others. The restaurant is nice, and they give out free breakfast vouchers to solve all problems so take advantage of that.Good luck and sorry if anyone else gets roped into this hotel by hotwire. I will say that the Beekman staff overall were nice, and really this hotel is just bad so if you book there it is what it is so to some degree i Do not fault the beekman staff. The star rating should for sure be downgraded though.	
Jul 13 2009 	Good hotel	The price of the hotel is quite OK for New York. The room is a mini suite wit kitchen, living room, bedroom and bathroom. We had an issue with the toilets but they fixed it quickly. They have a private parking, which is good for NY but it does cost 42$ per day.Very close from the ONU and quite close from 5th avenue and Central Park (if you do not mind walking a bit). To go to Statue of Liberty better take the subway tho.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great midtown east location	Transportation (bus) on the corner, taxis usually out front. Small lobby and front desk with friendly staff. Three elevator banks for quick service. Top floor bar and restaurant open for breakfast and dinner - great all around view! Guest laundry coin operated in basement; fitness and business center on 2nd floor accessible with electronic room key (card) only. Wireless internet in rooms for $9.95 per day. Kitchenette with adequate plates, silverware and glasses ; coffee maker and microwave. Triple sheeted beds a nice touch.	
Jun 17 2009 	good experience	Clean room, good location, great kitchen area with refrigerator no noise problem. Felt we had a great value in safe area close to everything. Nice staff. No complaints	
Jun 8 2009 	A fantastic mini-apartment for the money!	We booked this hotel at a discount site, looking for a place in Manhattan with kitchen facilities (hate having to go out for breakfast). We read some reviews stating how run-down or disappointing this hotel is. We were prepared for the worst, having been very disappointed in our last hotel (in London). When we arrived, the check-in staff were very helpful and we were quickly in our room. We were very pleased with the huge room we were given (at least 18m2 plus bathroom) with a King bed, table for 2, a small desk/console, an easy chair and the promised kitchen facilities. We were thrilled to have windows that opened, as we find the relentless climate control of many hotels difficult to cope with.I can identify a few limitations to this hotel: no complimentary broad-band; very limited kitchen utensils; carpet that had seen better days 10 years ago; quite a bit of noise on the lower floors, as we had a room on the 2nd floor. A little spent on this hotel would bring it up to an excellent standard.Overall, this hotel is to be highly recommended, when price is included in the equation. If you want glitz, go elsewhere; it you want excellent value, the Beekman Tower is a place to book.	
Jun 8 2009 	Tired and depressing. Beekman owners: sort it out!	We last stayed in the Beekman two years ago. It was a bit run-down in places, but the room was good and clean and we had a fuss-free stay. We were very pleased to be returning, and were excited when we arrived. That feeling quickly evaporated. The room we were given was really shabby and tired. It's possible it hadn't been occupied in a while, and it hadn't been vacuumed properly. Worst of all, while in the kitchenette, I noticed that there were mouse droppings. I couldn't work out what I was more annoyed by - that there were mice in the first place, or the fact that they hadn't bothered to hide the fact by cleaning up the mess!Unfortunately, the hotel was full that night and we couldn't be moved. To the credit of the desk staff, they offered us gratis drinks in the bar at the top of the hotel and moved us the following day, to a room three floors below. The new room was clean and tidy - no mice droppings - but also looked like it had seen better days. The communal areas (apart from the brand new business centre) all needed a lick of paint and new carpets.In the past I've recommended this hotel, but I won't in future. This could be a great hotel: it's in a good location and it has very caring staff (especially desk staff and doormen), but at the moment it's totally letting itself down. I urge you, Affinia Hotels, spend some money on this place and sort it out.	
Jun 3 2009 	very good value for money and great location	We have been in this hotel for a week in May09. This was our second trip to NYC. Last year we stayed in New Jersey and transfer was a nightmare, so this location made a huge difference. It takes about 10-15 min to walk to Rockefeller Centre, if you take a bus at 49th St., you will get to Times Sq. in a couple of minutes. First night we got an upgrade to apartment which had kitchen, bedroom, living room and a bathroom. The rest of the week we had standard room which we originally booked and the only difference was that the bedroom was combined with living room area, but it still had sofa and separate kitchen with breakfast table. For some reason I found the standard room much nicer than the apartment, not sure if it was refurbished, because the furniture was a little used but I felt comfortable in this room. The room was clean, the only problem was the bed, it was quite narrow for me and my partner. Otherwise the room is very good value for money, because it is apartmentlike with very good location and also cheaper then most of the hotels in this area. Also a must is a bar/restaurant on the top of the hotel, very nice view. I can recomend a very good japanese restaurant YAMA on East 49th Street, they make the best pork dish we have ever had (I forgot the name but i think it was the only one in the menu). Also there is a diner called Nations Cafe right across the street from the hotel where they make really good pancakes.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Location	I was there for a conference in the UN. This was a minute's walk away from the UN building. It has amazing rooms. They're massive. you have a living room, a kitchen, a bedroom and an ironing room. Its a whole apartment. 15 minutes walk to the times square. The view from the top of the tower is amazing. There is a nice cafe in front of the hotel which satisfies all your cuisine desires. I proffered picking up some stuff from the Gourmet store across the road and cooking myself. Its highly recommended if you're traveling with your kids or with your family. The television has a great set of movies. You can get here from JFK at exactly 45 dollars in the Yellow cabs, fixed rate. Do not get into the cabs which are not the yellow ones. They charge you double the price. These drivers come upto you the moment you leave the airport and offer you taxis. The hotel provided me with a limousine for my departure to JFK for a mere 60 dollars.	
May 22 2009 	Worst Mattress I Ever (Tried to) Sleep On	This is supposed to be a 3 1/2 star hotel, but the bed in my room would have embarrassed a zero star hotel. Also, the overnight temperature in New York City on the night of my stay was in the high 30's, even though this was in May, and there was no heat in the room. I spent an uncomfortable night.	
May 14 2009 	Reasonable Suites in a wonderful Art Deco building	The location is great if you are visiting the United Nations, otherwise it's a bit of a hike to the subways on Lexington Avenue, Overall though it's a great value. I was expecting a small room with a bath for the price I paid. What I got was a full suite with a large living space, a bedroom, two closets, bathroom, and a kitchen stocked with refrigerator, four-burner stove, toaster, utensils, and dinnerware.The place is kept very clean, My room was cleaned promptly every morning and by a helpful and friendly staff. The doorman was especially good at arranging transportation efficiently.If this hotel were on Fifth Avenue, it would charge twice or three times its current rates! It's a very nice experience in a &quot;residential&quot; part of Manhattan. (At least there are lots of trees on the Streets in the area and some good restaurants.)	
May 6 2009 	unbeatable value for money	We loved the Beekman Tower and consider it the best value for money that we have had for anything while in Manhattan: for just over US$ 200 including taxes per night, we were given a complete apartment including full bathroom and kitchen, dining, living and separate bedroom. In a city where most people seem to live in a matchbox, we could almost dance around the rooms, did not suffer any noise from within the hotel, were able to make our own breakfast (or any other meal for that matter), could easily do separate programs with the one sleeping in the bedroom and the other watching TV in the living and all this at a privileged geographical location. The only thing we felt might be improved is the front desk service level: it is curious how many people in NYC seem to be in too much of a hurry or too preoccupied with something else to properly execute what they are supposed to be doing. Still, this was a minor nuisance compared to all the upsides. No surprises then that the Beekman was fully booked for the second part of our stay and we had to resort to another hotel that came nowhere near to offering the same quality for the same money. Highly recommended, would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 7 2009 	Loved this hotel	From the moment I arrived to receive excellent and friendly service at the front desk to the moment I left in a hotel-booked car to the airport, everything about the Beekman was great. I was upgraded to a suite with a good view and was really happy to see that what felt like a Manhattan apartment would be my home base for the next week. My room was quiet, the bed was very comfortable and the cleaning staff did a great job. This was my first trip to NYC and the Beekman was an integral part of what was a wonderful experience. I have and will continue to recommend it unreservedly!	
Mar 23 2009 	Spacious Room but Don't Try to Sleep In - It's Noisy!	Booked with Travelzoo special. Stayed here 1 night during the week. Was walking distance to Grand Central Station, but off the beaten path and near the UN building. Placed in a the shorter of the two buildings (not the main tower). Was difficult to roll two (2) luggage bags and carry other bags and open the elevator door. The elevator is fast and reliable. The room used radiator heat. The stay was dry and hot because we were unable to control the heat. We had to request for an ironing board, but the staff was very prompt and friendly. The rooms are spacious and are condo/studio style. The traffic noise is uncontrollable, beware if you want to sleep in!Overall, good to great experience. Would recommend to family and friends.	
Feb 28 2009 	Doesn't deserve the star rating 8 blocks from Times Square	Booked this hotel from Amex.com, it said this hotel is 3.5 stars. Comparing this to other 3.5 stars, it doesnt match the standard. The kitchen was clean, however the bedroom was not satisfactory. Bed was not in great condition. The bathroom was too cramped. Top of the tower restaurant didnt accomodate walk-in even though there were 8-10 empty tables.	
Feb 25 2009 	Decent Hotel	Stayed here for four nights In a superior suite.The room was good, spacious and very clean. Maid service daily with towel change.Staff were friendly and helpful.Location was a bit far out but in some respects wasn't a bad thing, 15/20 minutes walk to main areas at most. Was good after an evening meal as you had the chance to walk It off!!! All in all, a good hotel and worth looking at as an option.	
Feb 1 2009 	Great staff large rooms but dirty and outdated!	Room was big and spacious for NYC. Location was &quot;off the beaten path&quot; 40th and 1st ave. The rooms were very dated, they need an update. The light switches were disgusting dirty filled with crud! Heater was noisy. The one thing positive was the staff was great!	
Jan 22 2009 	Fantastic non-expensive hotel in Manhattan	We were amazed by the size of room we got, which was a full suite and for ~$160 a night!Other than that the room was very clean though not very new, had 2 TVs with enough channels to fall asleep to and hotel staff was usually very helpful.The location is somewhat at a quiet location in Manhattan but for the price we got it it was great.The hotel's roof top restaurant was less of an experience and very expensive.Highly recommended and we would definitely go back there when looking to pay less in Manhattan.	
Jan 20 2009 	Argentinos en NY	I was in NY in an excellent trip. Except our stay in Beekman, everything was great. However, the hotel(is very well located), leaves much to develop. The first day, my son was locked in the bathroom, because it locks the door (a bad screw in doorknob). The second day, the bathroom was flooded and part of the room with WC water. The same thing happened on the third day. The hotel staff is very nice, but except to apologize, I did not receive any manifestation of the hotel soon felt the inconvenience caused.	
Jan 17 2009 	Beekman-A Quirky Gem	The Beekman is an excellent choice at this price range in NYC. The rooms are large, although the furnishings are a bit dated. The bathrooms are in need of updating, yet clean. But again...given the price I usually pay for a room at the Beekman, its definitely a good deal. The hotel is pet-friendly, and the neighborhood seemed quite safe for a late night walk. There's a nice deli across the street that delivers.	
Jan 15 2009 	ROOMY CLEAN and CONVENIENT!!!	My family of four booked a 6-night stay at the Beekman Towers for December 26-January1. We loved our suite on the 22nd floor. We had a small kitchen (included coffee-maker, toaster, microwave, dishwasher, sink, oven and cooktop); a nice size den with a sofa that made into a bed; and a nice size bedroom with a queen bed. The bathroom was very nice and clean, and nice soaps and bath gels, shampoos, etc. were left for us each day. We had ample closet space and storage space for our clothes. Two TVs--both had excellent reception. We had a nice terrace with a nice view. We asked for a roll-away bed, and although it was not all that comfortable, it was fine for our 11-year-old daughter. Maid service was excellent. People at front desk were nice. Doorman was really friendly. Elevator service was ALWAYS good. I loved being across the street from the small, 24-hour &quot;mart.&quot; They had good bagels, and we stocked up on OJ, cereal, milk and bananas so we could eat breakfast in. The Beekman provided coffee packs we could brew ourselves. A lot cheaper than going out. There was a diner across from the United Nations--had a wonderful selection of food and prices were reasonable. We enjoyed the walk to Rockefeller Center, Bryant Park and Grand Central Station. We even walked as far as Times Square several times. Although some might prefer to stay in the midst of the hustle and bustle, this place was definitely NOT in the thick of the hustle and bustle. I liked that aspect of the Beekman and I would definitely go back to this hotel.	
Jan 5 2009 	Fair Enough	Another trip back to the city, another city hotel review. We got a good rate through priceline and decided it was worth it, especially given the fact that we were just in for a quick New Year's weekend visit, and had a feeling the city would have been filled with tourists abound. Our room wasn't ready upon check-in so we left our bag with the doorman. Initial impression of the lobby was nice, nothing overly fancy, but nice enough. Odd though that there were no restrooms in the lobby area and was given the key to the 2nd floor fitness center to use the bathroom there. Just be sure to knock before entering as the bathrooms are equipped with a shower as well and people REALLY do make use of it after a work out (I was lucky enough to discover that).When we got to our room later in the day, it made a nice first impression. Spacious enough and clean. And yes, while the hotel may be a bit older and their furnishings aren't sleek and new, it made a great place to flop for the night.It was a quick walk from Grand Central Station to the hotel and located in a nice, quiet part of town. Getting a cab was no trouble and we found the location to be convenient to major city attractions.The only complaint I have is that upon check-out the woman at the front desk informed us that there were 2 phone charges from our hotel room, a long distance call and a local call. They were made at times when we weren't even in the hotel room. She reversed the charge, so we'll see if that actually goes through on the next credit card statement. Hopefully no one snuck in while we were out and placed the calls. That would then be a whole different hotel review.	
Dec 23 2008 	Good value for Manhattan	Given the exhorbitant cost of staying in central Manhattan, the Beekman offers great value for money and if your expectations are realistic, you shouldn't be disappointed.Other reviews that mention tired decor and furniture are certainly correct, but we couldn't fault the cleanliness of the bathroom/linen or the helpfulness of the staff. I'm not sure I agree that the hotel's soundproofing is second to none, but then again we were on the street side which I suspect is noisier than if you are in a room at the back.Excellent diners nearby and we found a few nice restaurants on 2nd Avenue. The bar at the top of the Beekman is also pleasant.Overall a good value place to stay, but you do need to sacrifice the glitz to get it.	
Dec 14 2008 	beware of low rates	We were excited to have secured a good rate ($200) for a night here. We were told when we got there that there was no room available for an early check-in, so we had to use the &quot;health club&quot; bathrooms to change into clothes for a wedding. But we were told that all was ready for our check-in; the front desk staff even showed us a packet of our registration materials all ready to go. So imagine our surprise when we returned after the wedding and were told that the hotel was full and they were sending us to another hotel. That hotel was decent but certainly not the quality we expected. Perhaps I'm suspicious, but it seems clear that we were shuffled off because we had a lower rate agreement than someone else. From what we did see of the hotel, it was fairly dingy. I wonder if this is something hotels make a practice of when they find that they can do better than an agreed-upon rate.	
Dec 10 2008 	Hotel from Hell	Beekman Tower Hotel New York11 People stayed at this Hotel from the 2 Dec till the 7 Dec 2008.We were split into two 4s and a 3. The room we were allocated was 1 bedroomed, with a bed settee in the living area. We were expected to sleep together. When we asked for extra beds we were told we would have to pay another 30 Dollars a night each or if we wanted to upgrade to another room it would be 70 Dollars a night. The 3 people had a room with 2 toilets and it was much larger, they didnt have to pay extra. There was only enough toiletries for 1 person, not enough towels or blankets. It was a dark dingy hole. It was miles from anywhere, Had to take taxis all the time, too far to walk, coming back it was hard to get a taxi. Decided to have breakfast the last morning it took 1 hour before we were even served, when the food came it was cold, took it away and put in microwave still cold, it cost us 20 dollars plus tip. A complete rip off. The safe in the room didnt work, the key was lost, they didnt replace it carried all out money with us.I would never recommend this Hotel to anyone.	
Dec 7 2008 	Shabby infested	Within ten minutes of arrival I was approached by a mouse in my room. The mouse was quite bold and obviously comfortable in its surroundings. The first room phone I picked up to notify the front desk staff did not work. The hotel staff relocated me to a different floor which allowed smoking even though I purchased a nonsmoking room. The room service breakfast was not as ordered. I paid nearly $900 to stay in the Beekman Tower for two nights--far more than I should have. Had it been a refundable fare I would have relocated to another hotel. It is definitely not worth the price.	
Dec 6 2008 	Exceeded expectations	I was pleasantly surprised by my studio suite at the Beekman Towers. Although usually rated at three stars, it was still a very comfortable hotel. The rooms are very clean and spacious. Yes, they are a bit dated and worn, so if that is a problem, you should look elsewhere. The queen bed was quite comfortable and the sheets were reasonably new. I did not try the pull out bed. Having a kitchenette was very convenient. The staff were warm and friendly. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant, but the view from its rooftop location is wonderful. The United Nations Cafe across the street is a good place to go for breakfast. The hotel was not close to the subway, so we took cabs a lot. The neighborhood is worth wandering around. Just to the north there are many consulates and we found Irving Berlin's house just a couple of blocks from the hotel. I would definitely stay at his hotel again.	
Nov 30 2008 	Large suites helpful staff clean but worn	We booked a deluxe king suite for $279.00 a night for Thanksgiving weekend. Our suite had a large living room/dining area, a small separate kitchen with a gas stove, microwave, coffee maker full fridge, utensils, etc. There were 1-1/2 baths, one with a tub and shower head. The shower was great! Everything was clean but the furniture was worn and scratched. The sofa had a slipcover on it that kept coming off and exposed the slightly stained upholstery. We had a king bed which was very comfortable and our daughter slept on a roll-away bed that we requested ahead of time. We didn't try the pull out sofa bed because we've never slept on one that was even slightly comfortable. The restaurant, called Top of the Tower, was very elegant and and romantic . A pianist was playing on a grand piano and it was dark with candles and soft lighting. The view was stunning. Unfortunately we didn't eat there because we had only brought casual clothing. Room service is available. The staff and the doormen were very accommodating and were always available to help. Valet parking was $52.00 a day and you weren't able to access your auto until check-out. That was fine with us because we mostly walked or took taxis. A parking garage down the street was only $2.00 less per day. The neighborhood is mostly residential and very quiet and safe. We had a view from the bedroom of the East River which was nice. One block west on 2nd Ave. were lots of shops and restaurants. We had breakfast both days at Morning Star Cafe which was inexpensive and the food was good but typical diner food. One thing we loved about it was that they serve breakfast all day for those late risers, like us. The burgers and fries looked great too! The other restaurant we ate at on 2nd Ave. was Zarela. The food here was some of the best Mexican cuisine I've had! Not typical enchiladas and tacos but they offered very inventive and fresh dishes. We also purchased some wine at the liquor store on 2nd and brought it back to our room..To get into midtown, we took a cab which was under $10.00. We also purchased Grey Line Hop On-Hop Off tickets and would walk to the U.N. to get on it a few times. Just a hint on driving to the hotel...enter 1st Ave. at 40th St. or below. Make sure you stay in the center lane on 1st Ave. and go through the tunnel. Whatever you do, don't keep left or you won't be able to get over to the right easily to make the right onto 50th St. It's an accident waiting to happen. From 50th make a right onto Beekman Pl. and then a right onto Mitchell Pl. The hotel will be the last building on your right, on the corner of Mitchel and 1st. There are spaces for unloading. My GPS kept trying to take me on the FDR but I later realized I had it set for highways vs. local roads. I used my own common sense to get there anyway.	
Nov 14 2008	Great location good hotel	Good hotel at a great price - and that's unusual for New York. Upmarket location, close to the UN buildings. Quiet area in the evenings, busy during the day. The hotel is very quiet, we were on the 5th floor and heard no noise as long as the windows were closed. The staff were very helpful in every respect and the room was well maintained throughout our stay. We got clean towels every day and fresh bedding every other dayThe accommodation was very comfortable (apart from a rather ancient sofa bed which was suffered by our daughter). The bedroom was well appointed and the bathroom very serviceable although small. The power shower was fantastic. It was great to have a small kitchen. It meant that we could bring take away food in rather than having to pay restaurant prices all the time. Speaking of restaurants, there's a small restaurant across the road on the corner - we only found it on the last day and it would have been useful to have done so earlier, The blueberry and banana yoghurt muffins at Tal Bakery up the road are to die for! We had drinks and one breakfast in the Beekman Tower - well worth going up there for the amazing views.	
Nov 14 2008 	Be Careful	We stayed at the hotel while in NY to see the US Open. Hotel is a little on the worn side, but the rooms were spacious and comfortably accomodated our family of four. Overall, we had a good trip. The problem came 15 months later when an unauthorized charge appeared on my credit card in the amount of $244 for The Beekman Towers. I have called the hotel four times over the past two days to try to get an explanation, but the staff at the front desk says they can't help and the accountant is not available. It is possible that there was an honest mistake, but given that the staff are not the least bit concerned and they have not made any effort to assist me, I doubt it. I cancelled the card immediately and will now have to go through the hassle of setting up another account.	
Nov 4 2008 	Great Location Good and clean!	Well finding somewhere less expensive in New York is impossible if you want to stay in Manhattan. We booked this through expedia as it was on a 24hr sale, and found the reviews were pretty accurate. It is a funky boutique hotel that is clean with huge rooms (well ours was) and a small bathroom, not that that matters, and the shower was EXCELLENT!!!! Location wise this hotel cannot be beat, we walked everywhere from here, or got the subway.The area is lovely, as its close the UN building the restaurants are plentiful and varied, and lots of deli's too, plenty of places for breakfast. loved the location - go to the UN building and send a postcard with your photo on the stamp!!!I liked the hotel alot, it was very clean and the staff were very polite, it had everything we needed and it had the BEST sound proofed windows, once we were in our room we couldn't hear New York at all, which some people may not like :)Would definately stay here again!!	
Oct 16 2008 	My first visit to New York	I stayed at the Beekman when visiting New York on business, as it was very convenient for the UN building. This was my first experience of NY and I was hooked.The building has an interesting history, having been built for use by the Sororities of the US Womens Universities. It has an Art Deco look to it and it is still impressive in a city of skyscrapers!The receptionist was friendly (must have been the Brit accent!) and the suite was more like a small apartment! It was clean, well furnished and each bedroom (2) had an en suite. The views were amazing, looking out over the East River and the New York skyline.The only real letdown was the hotel restaurant/bar, which was very expensive and very limited. We decided to forgo the views over the city and head into the neghbourhood, where we found a nice Italian restaurant (which I have since been back to!)The hotel is just a few blocks away from Central Park and the Empire State Building and we felt quite safe walking to the latter at night.	
Oct 5 2008 	Never been happier	Visiting my daughter in the city with a few friends required a hotel stay. We were so pleasantly surprised with our stay. The trip started with one of the most wonderful drivers (recommended by the staff) picking us up at the airport (ended this way, too). But the middle was what counts. The staff treated us like we were royalty. I have stayed in far more elegant hotels, but this establishment made us feel as though we were diplomats at the nearby United Nations. The location was great, but I cannot say enough about the staff. I would recommend this hotel in a heartbeat!	
Sep 3 2008 	A Nice Stay	We stayed two nights while in town to attend the Metropolitan Opera. The Beekman Tower, located very near to the UN, has a roof level restaurant with wonderful views of the city, and the food, while not Michelin star quality, was fine. The hotel entryway and lobby are small and not outstanding, but the room was fine. The room enters from the hallway onto a small kitchen that has a table and chairs. The bedroom was spacious enough, and the bathroom was OK. It wasn't the Ritz, but then the cost was quite reasonable for an NYC hotel.	
Sep 1 2008 	Spacious Clean Great Location	The hotel staff were both helpful and friendly. I was unsure of what the hotel would be like because it was cheaper than a lot of hotels. My concerns were put to rest when we entered our room. We had a studio which came with a small kitchen and a large room with a double bed and sofa. We had a great view from the 19th floor which looked out to the East river. The room was a bit dated but who cares it was clean and comfortable. We ordered room service for breakfast on our first day and were disapointed with how greasy it was, also if you do decide to order breakfast make sure to buy your own juice and keep it in the fridge as the beverages on the menu were expensive. There is a small market right across the street where be purchased bread, eggs and fruit to make our own breakfasts for the rest of our stay. It was a great location the streets were very safe as they were mostly residential buildings and the doormen are always out front on the streets so you feel quite safe walking home at night especially for women. You are about a 10 minute walk to 5th ave and about a 15-20minute walk to Times Square. I would stay here again and recomend it to anyone going to New York.	
Aug 28 2008	sucks	has rats in rooms, even roaches horrible hotel	
Aug 21 2008 	Fantastic value for money great location	The hotel was in the most perfect loation for seeing everything that we wanted to in New York. We arrived to a very friendly welcome, the staff were very attentive, we arrived too early so we just left our cases with the porter. within 10 minutes we were right on 5th Avenue and able to get to everywhere we wanted to visit by walking. The room was clean and comfortable, I have quite high standards and it may be time for a modernisation but to be honest the rooms were so well equiped that it jus added to the art deco charm. We had a great comfy sofa and a cute little kitchenette so we could have cold drinks out of the fridge which is always useful. We had a hairdryer in the room, safe and air con. There were plenty of lifts always ready and the restaurant/cocktail bar was fabulous. We ordered room service breakfast and it was delivered hot, fresh right on time. Good selection of cold/cooked, great croissants/fruit salad and amazing eggs benedict. Really enjoyed staying here, for the price we paid we were very impressed.	
Jul 25 2008 	Served its purpose but wouldn't stay again	A family of 2 adults and 2 teenages, we were really looking forward to this hotel after seeing its website. We had just left the Sherton in Boston which is pristine and I thought things could only get better, plus the Beekman Tower was art deco in style. When we arrived and got to the room the decor and furnishings looked really tired and it looked like it could do with another hovering. There was one double bed and a sofa bed which wasn't very comfortable. I was really very disappointed.There was only one mirror in the room and that was in the bathroom so getting ready in the mornings took some time. The airconditioning was quite loud.On a plus side it was good having a proper fridge and if I had wanted to cook I could have done. A bit of a walk to the centre but being in New York is all about experiencing the place so we didn't mind. The staff were polite and kind.On reflection if the decor and furnishing could be updated it would be a great hotel. For couples and families with small children	
Jun 1 2008 	A little out of the way but a good value	If you're looking for a location in very close walking distance to the main tourist attractions in Manhattan, this is probably not the best hotel, as it is several blocks east of the beaten path. But, the walk is only a few minutes through safe, quiet residential/commercial areas. There are restaurants and bars within a block or two that are worth checking out. The hotel is pretty quiet, the rooms are the typical size found in Manhattan (e.g. a bit small), and the staff is friendly. The rates seem to be pretty attractive for Manhattan. Our only complaint would be the poor bedding that was in our room, as it was quite stiff. Aside from that, I would definitely consider staying here again and would recommend it to others.	
May 31 2008 	Quiet yet perfectly located hotel in New York	Me, my sister and mother went for a weekend for Mums 60th Birthday and wanted somewhere that would suit us all and where we could all stay in the same room. Found the Beekman on Trip Advisor and booked due to good reviews - we weren't disappointed. Lots of space, great views, ideally located if you don't want to be near hustle and bustle but still near enough to walk to the mid town attractions like Times Square, Rockefeller, Grand Central Station etc. We booked the hop on/hop off open top bus tour which has a stop 2 mins walk from the hotel outside the UN which gets you to all the main sights of NY - is also a main bus stop which get you anywhere you need to go. Cleanliness of room wasn't perfect in corners and under beds but we had clean towels everyday, beds made and the kitchenette was cleaned on our return daily. Staff were brilliant and extremely friendly - they helped us with booking a car back to the airport and finding out times of broadway shows. Great diner - United - across the road and also a 24 hour convenience store. Chinese just up the road on 1st Ave delivers to your room in the hotel and was good value. All in all a great find - we will be booking again.	
May 31 2008 	This should be a 1 star hotel	This was the worst stay I've had in New York. The room was dirty, the furniture stained and thread bare. I've read some of these other reviews and we must have stayed at different hotels. The only positive thing I can say about this hotel is it's location.	
May 28 2008 	Great Time	I stayed here with my partner for 6 nights. We enjoyed excellent views on 1st Ave and the East River from our room on the 21st floor. Yes, the interior seemed slightly dated and there was dust to be found here and there. But the real luxury was SPACE. We used our well-fitted kitchenette every day and appreciated that there was a real table to sit down and have a coffee in the morning when planning our days. As an extra perk, a free copy of the New York Times was delivered daily on our doorstep.You should't stay here if you don't like walking: getting to the main midtown spots takes about 20-25 mins on foot. To save us some of the walking, we took the M42 bus several times. It serves the whole length of 42nd Street in both directions and starts from the UN, just a couple of blocks down from the hotel.The reception staff was extremely nice and helpful. When we enquired about taxis to Newark airport before our departure, they recommended their hotel limousine service, which turned out to be cheaper than hailing a cab in the street.For us, the Beekman was the perfect base for a great week in NY.	
May 19 2008 	Good Hotel For the Price	My Wife and I spent two nights at The Beekman Tower during a New York weekend getaway. PRO’s The price. For two nights with taxes and everything ended up being around $460 Having done a lot of research this was a good deal for a hotel with decent reviews in NY. Size: A lot of people reviewing other NYC hotels complained about the size. The room had a small kitchen and thus was bigger than most other NYC average hotel rooms reviewed on trip advisors. Location: This might be a negative for some but for us it was nice to feel a little away from it all when we finally came back to the hotel to relax. The hot spots such as Broadway and Times Square are a little bit of a walk but my wife and I love to walk so it wasn’t a big deal. Neighborhood: Because the hotel is close to the United Nations the neighborhood has a lot of houses that serve as the office space for different countries missions to the UN. Just by walking around you can see many different countries represented with their flags out front. Around the hotel are restaurants and shops that are fun and a lot less pricey than Times Square or other NYC tourist hot spots. One of our favorites was Zip Burger 3001/2 52nd Street which tasted a lot like “Five Guys” for those who are familiar with that Mid Atlantic burger chain. Zip not only had great burgers and fries but shakes as well. Service and Staff: We didn’t order room service or have to much interaction with the staff. They were helpful in storing our baggage when we checked out and answering any questions. The hotel delivers a complimentary paper every morning to your roomCONSThe hotel has a worn feeling to it and yes a small lobby. The rooms are functional but could use a remodel getting new carpet and updated bathrooms etc. Some hotels have showers that feel inviting and leave you refreshed. The Beekman does not. The shower had problems with mold and the bathroom looks very worn out. TipsGetting Around: Not being from NY it took a little while to get the swing of the subway system. The actual Subway stations don’t give out free maps. We purchased a “Street Smart” NYC walking map and were able to get around great. It had all the streets in Manhattan and overlayed all of the metro stops. Little Italy is well… really little. This was probably our biggest disappointment as we thought that the neighborhood would have at least 4-5 blocks of great Italian restaurants and stores etc. What exists of little Italy these days are only a 1-2 blocks or so of mostly tourist focused restaurants and is not a full “neighborhood” at all. Broadway Tickets: Like many visiting NY we took our chances and stood in line for half price theater tickets. www.tdf.org We were able to get ½ price tickets to see Marry Poppins. The show was wonderful and the set was absolutely amazing. Bus Transportation to NY We traveled to NY via the DC2NY bus. www.DC2NY.com Two round trip tickets purchased on the internet cost $80 total which beats hands down driving, gas, parking fees and the NY “congestion tax” to get into the city. The ride up confirmed just about every stereotype you could have about taking the bus to NY. While still in DC the bus was clipped by another car which delayed us. Midway thru the trip the stench from the bathroom was overpowering. The driver finally caught wind of it all the way up front and got on the bus PA system and asked that someone go to the bathroom and flush it so the smell would hopefully go away. Finally the driver had bad directions and missed the exit. Some people on the bus who knew the route well started to flip out. We ended up being about 2 hours late. Those who had Mac’s could also not use the wireless internet and one girl almost lost it when she couldn’t log on. The ride down was the exact opposite. Fast efficient driver, no weird smells from the bathroom and an on time schedule. So I guess it’s a mixed bag with this company depending on the bus, the driver and the bathroom being clean and functioning.  Dinning: We loved Serendipity3 www.serendipity3.com It a very cozy unique restaurant that has great tasting food but above all amazing desserts. Because its so small seating can be a challenge. Since their was only two of us we were able to get in quicker. It can take awhile to accommodate larger groups.	
May 19 2008 	Ideal Hotel for Midtown Adventures	We stayed at the Beekman for two weeks in early May, selecting it because of its proximity to the UN where my boyfriend had business. Overall, we were very happy with the hotel. Location - The location is excellent. It's a quick walk to most midtown attractions, but away from the touristy insanity of Times Square. We liked the many small delis, grocers, pubs and restaurants in the quiet area that surrounds the hotel, particularly SipSak Turkish Cuisine, the Manchester Pub and Buttercup Bakery (all on 2nd Avenue between 48th and 53rd). It's also a short walk to Times Square and Little Brasil (46th between 5th and 6th) and a rather longish walk to Restaurant Row in Hell's Kitchen. The hotel is also only four blocks to the 51st Street Subway station, which I took full advantage of in my explorations. There is also an uptown bus stop right outside the front door and an crosstown stop across the street. Using the metro or buses, you can get anywhere in the five boroughs.Staff - the staff were friendly and helpful. We didn't have any problems with our room, although others who were attending the same event did and they were quickly and politely rectified. The kitchen was nice to have, given the length of our stay. A few groceries from UN Gourmet across the street meant not having to eat breakfast out every morning and cold beer in the fridge at the end of a long day.Room - We were in 18A1 and while, yes the decor is a bit tired, the room was clean and comfortable. Ask for a higher floor when making a reservation. That way you can leave your window open at night without the noise and fumes from the street being unbearable.Services - We didn't try the gym (my boyfriend was working and I prefered to traipse around Manhattan for exercise). We did use the front desk and the doormen for dining and sightseeing information and they were very helpful.Restaurants - We didn't eat at the Top of the Tower, but it's well worth the pricey cocktails for the view. We also didn't try room service. Actually, the lack of a lobby lounge would be my only complaint about the Beekman. The Zephyr Bar and Grill was closed during our stay and some days we just wanted somewhere casual to regroup before heading out for the night.Overall, we had a great visit to NYC and would certainly choose the Beekman again.	
May 18 2008 	The Beekman Tower has its advantages	This hotel is in a good location next to the United Nations. It is a fairly easy walk to 5th Avenue and other midtown locations. There are lots of places to eat nearby.The lobby was a disappointment- the Beekman Tower is an art deco style hotel (on the outside) so we hoped for something more stylish. We were happy with the room- it was a one bedroom suite. My friend stayed in the bedroom and I took the pullout couch, which was not bad. There was a nice bathroom and a full kitchen. The housekeeping staff was very attentive.We did not try the restaurant, but we did get room service and the pizza and burger we ordered were just fine. We brought our own wine and had fun hanging out in the room. We were so busy during the day we were very tired at night. The room was quiet enough, we both slept fine.The ugly old green carpet is still there, which others have mentioned. The rest of the room was just fine for a three star hotel.	
May 8 2008 	Good value hotel	Stayed for 5 nights at this hotel in March, found it absolutely fine. It was a little on the old side decor-wise, but comfortable and clean. Plus, because you get a suite, you get space to lounge on the sofa and watch tv, which we tended to do most nights because we were so exhausted fromthe day's sightseeing and the jet-lag - we bought beer which we kept in the fridge in the kitchen, and felt right at home coming back to relax after a hard day out.The hotel is walking distance from most central NYC attractions (eg 15 - 20 mins to ESB) and near to tube for other sights. Don't miss the Nations diner across the road, fantastic for breakfast, and absolutely no need to look elsewhere. OK, it's not right on Times Square but we managed to walk everywhere and saw plenty that we wouldn't have if we'd been right in the heart of the tourist area (eg different restaurants, shops etc)All in all, a fine budget hotel with lots of comforts and a great base for exploring NYC	
May 6 2008 	Loads of Room!	While this hotel is slightly off the beaten path (1 block north of the United Nations)...ie not close to the subway system (8-11 blocks) and a hearty walk to the Theater district (7 blocks), the room we had 23C was clean and spacious. Our hotel room had a King size bed in the bedroom, a separate living room that included a dining room table, and a small full kitchen and a great view of the city. We had more space than we knew what to do with for just the two of us. That said, the decor is definitely out dated and the carpet needs replaced. Not that it was too dirty to walk on just that it was green and looked like it was ready to retire. That said management will be in the process of remodeling the hotel soon. My only complaint is that we must have been close to the exhaust from the restaurant as we could smell food all the time. We overcame that by just keeping the windows slightly open and it was no big deal. Many of my other family members stayed at this hotel as well and the rooms varied some with more updated bathrooms than others but all had the same green carpeting and furnishings.. If you chose to stay here and you don't like your room ..just ask for a different one. The higher up you stay the better the view. I would definitely come back to this place with my kids as having the spacious rooms and a kitchen would be a MUST. This hotel has a ton of potential and I am sure the price of these suites will be a lot higher once it is re-done. So take advantage of this hotel while you can! Also don't forget to stop up on the 26th floor for a drink at the restaurant as the view is amazing but not its food.	
May 4 2008	A few bucks and the place would be 4 star	I stayed at the Beekman on a Friday night. Because its on the far east side, there is typically safe and free street parking all weekend. Thats worth $50 right there. It is also away from the NYC night life so it was relatively quiet at night. Thats good because its not a high rise where you need to be above the 30th floor to get away from the noise and lights. I was upgraded to a large suite which is basically a one bedroom apt. Like many NYC apts, the bathroom and kitchen (which I didn't use) were small. The carpet was about 10 years past replacing. Except for the shower head, the bathroom was about 15 years past due for an upgrade but it was clean. The TVs (there were 2) were old but not so old that there were channel change knobs (but close). There was a dining room table large enough to seat 8 which I think was put there to fill the large living room. The couch was something out of a 1950s movie. If the owners put about $2000 into the suite, it would equal or exceed the better hotels of NYC.	
Apr 22 2008 	Rave reviews for the staff	Our daughter is a freshman at Columbia University and we have been experimenting with different hotels in an attempt to find a hotel that we can depend on when we come to the city for visits. The Beekman Tower, which we found from a Hotwire email promotion, has ended our search :) I booked a studio queen for $190/night over a weekend. When we arrived there was some confusion at the front desk because there was a staff person in training and she entered our name without the O', so the printout she asked me to sign had the wrong room rate. The manager on duty, Chris Brown, was hovering nearby and was quick to jump in, help her resolve the problem without embarassing her, and for our &quot;trouble&quot; upgraded us to a king bedded suite, with a full kitchen, dining area, living area, two bathrooms.......and a view! I had been kidding him about how we wanted a view, knowing full well that we had gotten an internet deal and were probably going to be relegated to the 2nd floor and he had been reviewing the room availability with the trainee, and told me (before the error) that he could put us on the 18th floor. When the error was discovered, he did not backpedal at all, gave us a great room for the same price...........in fact, when we decided to extend our stay over Sunday night, he graciously honored our discount rate for that night...........and if you've read this website for other hotels before, that rarely happens. In addition to this, the doorman advised us on Saturday night that we didn't need to pay $xxx to park our car in the garage, that the city allowed overnight parking on the street in front of the hotel from Sat until 8 am on Monday( and telling us exactly when he was on duty, so we knew our car wasn't being &quot;guarded&quot; the entire time), saving us easily $100......the restaurant at the top of the hotel is just ok, but the view is worth the concession in dinner............unless its your only night, I definitely wouldn't waste a meal on this restaurant unless I had one to spare. We had had a late lunch with our daughter after a track meet so my husband and I went up to the restaurant later in the evening and had drinks and their sampler plate from the appetizer menu, and it was fine. Oh, and did I mention that the doorman remembered our name the next time he saw us, after saving us the parking fee (we did tip him $20 but not enough that I would have expected this treatment) he acknowledged us by name. All in all, we'll be staying here every time we visit our daughter......assuming of course we get the same great rate, but not expecting the triple upgrade every time...though it would be nice.	
Apr 8 2008 	Loved the Beekman!	My husband and I have just returned from New York and stayed at the Beekman Hotel. The occasion was my my birthday and we both thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel.The room was spacious with two large wardrobes and the kitchen area had fridge (for the beers and wine), coffee and machine (for the morning after) and plenty of towels in the bathroom.We ate at the Top of the Tower restaurant on my birthday and had a really good meal. We didn't drink in the bar but it looked lively and the views from this place are fantastic.The location of the hotel is great - Eastside is full of restaurants and quirky little places. You just have to do a bit of walking to find them. Lasagne italian restaurant served fab lasagne(!) and the Irish bar Pig and Whistle serves good food too.Breakfast at the Nations cafe across the road is really good and sets you up for the day's sightseeing and shopping.We were asked if we would like a car back to the airport and this was arranged by the bell hop. A yellow cab in was $55 including toll charges, which is a set price from JFK to Manhattan. However they charge on the meter going back, so can be expensive. We took up the offer of a car from the hotel and for the same price we went back in style in a limo.	
Mar 31 2008 	loads of room!!	Checked out this Hotel online,was looking for a room with a bit of space to chill out in. Want disappointed, room was massive. Small kitchen area was ideal but the living space was huge. Not the most modern interior, a bit &quot; shabby chic&quot; but an ideal place to relax after walking all day. Not a bad location if you dont mind walking around, use the bus service that runs right past the door.I was in a suite ( smoking) on the 11th floor,aks for a room high up as the views are pretty good. Had an excellent week here!!	
Mar 24 2008 	Stay Away!	First, the service: My husband and I booked our hotel room on Hotwire in January 2008 for three nights in March. The room was for us and three children, so we thought we better call to make sure the room was going to be able to accommodate us all. We called the next day and were told by the Beekman employee on the phone that we currently only had a room with one queen bed reserved, however for an additional $30 per night, we could upgrade to a one-bedroom suite with a queen bed and fold out couch, so we did. When we arrived at the Beekman, we signed a piece of paper at the front desk that said one-bedroom suite, however the room was anything but. It was a tiny room with one bed and small kitchenette and that’s it. Barely enough room for a roll-away. So we went back down to the front desk and told the gentleman there was a mistake, that we had reserved a one-bedroom suite. He said they were totally booked for that night, apologized, and started calling around to other hotels in Manhattan to send us to. Our assumption is that since we arrived at the hotel late at night, they gave our one-bedroom suite away to someone else. Anyway, he gave us a letter that was addressed to the “Affinia Manhattan” Hotel and $20 cab fare and told us that this Affinia Hotel could accommodate us for that night and to come back the next day and the Beekman would have a suite ready for us for the next two nights. So we took the cab to the Affinia Hotel, only to find out that they could not accommodate five people either. So they sent us back to the Beekman and our only choice was to take the tiny room and deal with it. The Beekman offered to pay for the cab fare to and from the Affinia Hotel, free breakfast the next morning, and the first night’s reservation free. We went up to the tiny room, they brought us a roll-away and my husband and I slept on the floor. The next morning we packed up and went down to the front desk to have them hold our bags for the day and make sure they really did have a suite ready for us that night and the next. The woman (Heather) was rude, patronizing, and of course we had to explain the ENTIRE story to her, as she knew nothing about the situation, and she was not the least bit empathetic. She assured us we had a suite booked for that night and the next. So we went out for the day, and came back later and sure enough, the suite was awaiting us. This room was much more spacious. We still had to get a roll-away, but at least nobody had to sleep on the floor. Much to our dismay, when we received the bill on the third morning, they charged us for the breakfast, the cab fare, and three upgrade fees at $60 each. After complaining to the front desk (to whom we AGAIN had to explain the whole story) they took off one upgrade fee, the breakfast and the cab fare. We now have a mysterious $16 charge on our credit card that we can only assume is for the roll-away, as we had no parking charges because we didn’t have a car. I can’t muster up the energy to call about that at this point. We prepaid Hotwire for all three nights, so I am assuming the “first night free” promise will never materialize. Now, for the rooms: Dirty. Very old and dirty. The bathroom fixtures and appliances were in desperate need of an upgrade, there was mold on the bathroom wall around the window, the floors were dirty and the carpet was bunching up and folding in places (obviously needs replaced), the water was brown when we first turned it on in the shower, just all kinds of problems. The heating/cooling unit was also difficult to deal with. The one bed hotel room (the first night) was especially old and dirty. Hotwire has this hotel rated a three-star. I can only assume the rating is based on the lobby and the location alone. Everything else was a mess. The only good thing about the rooms was the kitchenette. That was decent. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, nor will I ever stay here again. The location was okay, the restaurant across the street called the Nations Café (I believe) was very good and the service there was wonderful. Do not stay here if you have ANY other options, and if you do have to stay here, call to confirm your reservation and get the person’s name you speak with. Without that, you’re obviously a liar, according to the front desk personnel.	
Feb 21 2008	Mixed bag	I’m not really sure how to rate the Beekman Tower Hotel, because there were things about it I liked…and the things that detracted from our stay may not bother other guests. First things first: the hotel's just north of the UN and yes, there is a bit of a walk to the 51st Street subway. But the M15 goes along 2nd Avenue (inbound) and 1st Avenue (outbound), which was a big timesaver. There isn’t a heck of lot right in the immediate vicinity – it’s mostly residential – but it was quiet. We did not make it up to the 26th floor for a drink, but the view from our 21st floor suite was pretty cool.I booked the hotel for two nights after finding a Travelzoo special ($179 for a studio queen) and it was quite a deal – a roughly 400 sq.ft. space with a separate, full kitchenette (including a dishwasher, stove, wine glasses, etc.), dining area, bedroom, and private bath. There’s a convenience store across the street for breakfast fixings; the hotel provides the free NY Times each day for your lingering-over-coffee enjoyment. So what's the problem? Well, I have an allergy to dust mites and haven’t had a flare-up for over a year. I've since stayed in hotels without incident but for each of the two nights at Beekman, my symptoms kept me awake and unable to sleep. On my second night, NyQuil knocked me out for five hours, but that was about it. I woke up again with the same symptoms.Also, our room was just too warm and the fan/cooler function wasn’t working. We alerted the front desk to this and the concierge left a message with the maintenance staff, but as far as I know, this remained unfixed during our stay. Once we found that the windows opened, though, we got around the problem that way – we left one window open about 4 inches during the day, kept it open during the night and things were better.I did not have this issue before going to NYC which leads me to suspect that perhaps the room was not as clean as it looked on the surface. I’m reluctant to say that because I could be very wrong and what I experienced was a fluke…the bed linens certainly _looked_ clean, but I’m at a loss to explain why my symptoms flared up when they did. (They subsided when we returned home.) Perhaps the sheets were fine but the mattress was too old – my husband complained of a sag on his side.I know that hotel rooms are never fully clean and it's caveat emptor. But it's too bad because otherwise this is a very good value for NYC. YMMV.	
Feb 11 2008 	Good value good location...a good choice	Stayed here one night for business. For the price I got via Hotwire (200 and change), I cannot complain. Location is fine (east midtown) if you don't mind being a bit of a walk from the real midtown hotspots.Room was much larger that what I am accustomed to with NYC hotels, and had a kitchenette. It was not fabously decorated or anything like that, but that was not something I needed. I found it clean and quite.Front desk staff was quite helpful. I grabbed a drink in the bar at the top of the hotel. Fabulous views of the city. I would not recommend if you are looking for a honeymoon or other highly romantic or special, once in a lifetime desintation hotel...but for a quality, reasonably priced hotel in Midtown, this is a good option.	
Jan 30 2008 	Beekman Tower - Fantatic	My husbard, daughter+boyfriend stayed at Beekman Tower for 3nights 24 January 2008. It was our daughters birthday present to go to New York and shop! The Beekman Tower hotel was brilliantly placed - a short walk down 49th to the shops et al. We had two suites (which we had been upgraded on) and they were perfect for our stay. We ate in the restaurant on our first evening (due to being too tired from the flight) and we were not disappointed. The view is fantastic from the 26th Floor Cocktail lounge. We actually used this facility every night before we retired, really the view is breathtaking.Our room was furnished comfortably and the bedding and towels were changed every day!Staff were very accommodating and our bellboy was a hoot. My daughter is saving to go back later this year and she is planning on staying here again.This accommodation is priced correctly and I would highly recommend it. Also, just across the street is the UN Cafe - superb breakfasts!!!Enjoy.	
Jan 28 2008 	Not a 3 Star Hotel	I had booked the room through Priceline.com. I was looking for a 3 or 4 Star hotel in mid-town Manhatten for a weekend get-a-way.What I got was the Beekman Tower for $150 a night. Great price for mid-town, but there was a lot to be desired. Location was OK, at 1st and 59th... just a 10-15 min walk to all of the action of midtown. There were a good number of smaller, less popular restaurants in the area. Staff was great, although we did have to wait 40 min to get into our room. The room we had was a studio next to the compactor room.So from time to time there was a lot of clanking coming from the next room. We were on the 17th floor, with a view of 1st street heading north. The room was clean enough-- but the rooms needed a face lift. Carpets were old and tired, and I felt like I was staying at someone's grandmother's house.	
Jan 24 2008 	Fantastic Hotel - great value	Where do I start? I thought this hotel before we went would be just be a typicl value for money type hotel as we got a great deal. And before I start properly I should say that a hotel room is fine for me if it is comfortable, clean and functional as we spend very little time in a hotel room when on holiday as we're too busy out exploring.This hotel was just that, functional, comfortable and clean but you can also add :Spacious, with a huge, extremely comfortable bed, great maid service, great room service menu, great hairdryer (at most hotels you usually get some tiny thing masquerading as a hairdryer but not in the Beekman), seperate kitchen/eating area, lounge area with tv, prompt courteous service (I waited around a minute to be bought additional pillows and a hairdryer) and a great power shower in a clean bathroom! (The shower is awesome..insignificant things please me!)The location was fine for me, granted it wasn't slap bang in the centre of Manhattan but we like a walk and you can get a taxi to most places in Manhattan for less that $10 plus tip. It took us ten minutes to walk to the Rockerfella centre and a further five to reach Times Square. It also takes around 10 minutes to walk to Grand Central to take the subway to most places on the island. Side note - if you want a very, very central hotel this might not be for you but if you don't mind a few short walks then it's fine.But nearby there was the UN Diner (opposite) for great value breakfasts as well as a grocery store if you wanted to take any food back to the hotel and an off licence.We found a great little irish bar (McCanns on 1st) which was really friendly and very cheap for a few drinks, two minutes walk on 1st Avenue just up from the hotel - head northwards.There's also lots of nice restaurants on 49th street as you walk towards Rockerfella centre.The best part of this hotel is the lovely restaurant at the &quot;Top of the Tower&quot; serves food till 10pm and drinks till 1am. If you like great food and drink, good service, fantastic nighttime views over Manhattan and a great environment then make sure you use the restaurant at least one night if you can.The queue of people before us as we checked out all complimented the hotel on check-out.When we return to New York in the future we will be staying at the Beekman and I highly recomment others do too.	
Jan 17 2008 	Mixed bag at the Beekman Tower	The room was very large for an NYC hotel room - a suite, with a separate bedroom and living area with a sofa bed and a kitchenette. The room furnishings were in poor condition. The first thing I saw when I walked into the room was the sight of a sofa with stained fabric and frayed piping around the cushions. Having booked on Hotwire, not knowing what I was getting myself into, I worried that I really went wrong. Fortunately, the bathroom and bedding were clean. Staff were helpful and friendly. I would consider a stay again, as the price and location were good, and the room would be good for a family stay, as kids could sleep in one room and parents in the other. But if you want a room with nice furnishings, I would suggest that you choose another hotel.	
Jan 4 2008 	Only average best avoided	The Beekman was our major &quot;spend&quot; for a week in NY, we chose to spend a few nights out in Queens to save money, and finish off the week with a couple of nights in the supposedly nice Beekman Hotel on Manhattan.We booked a stay in the Beekman via an online booking agent, which is where our problems began. The booking had been cancelled by the Beekman due to payment not getting made as of our time of check-in by the booking agent. Not their problem I guess, but the manager we spoke to had to be the rudest person I met in NY all week - we were obviously in a spot of bother, and the best she could offer us was a different (lesser) room, which would have been OK, except she insisted on charging us UPFRONT for the full room rate, plus some. As finding a room at such late notice in NY is next to impossible, we were forced into taking this room. When I tried to reason with the manager regarding the price, suggesting that the rate they were supposed to have been paid by the agent (and which we had booked at) was approximately half of this value, she refused to cooperate. Her perogative I guess, but a terrible attitude in general.The room itself was indeed massive (I think it was one of their &quot;studios&quot;), but it was in a different building, with no porter service offered. The room was in a fairly decrepit state (possibly why it was still empty), and not clean enough by any stretch. The sheets on the bed were also threadbare and rough, which is not what you expect when paying over US$450 per night! The only good thing was access to a (very old and broken) kitchentte, and the minimal street noise we were subject to due to our location - necessary as we needed to have the windows open for ventilation as there was no cooling or heating to speak of!Overall, I would not be recommending this hotel to anyone - if you book a few months in advance, you can get a lot nicer in Manhattan for less money. I could have forgiven some of the failings if it weren't for the most obnoxious management I have ever come across - if the hotel wants to accept business from agents, then they should be more accomdating to problems such as we had, rather than viewing them as a means to double their money.	
Jan 3 2008 	A NY rarity - a superb value hotel	My wife and I recently stayed for a short break over the holiday period. We booked several months in advance and got a great rate. We could not have been happier with the Beekman. The hotel is located on 1st Ave near the UN building. Its an easy, pleasant walk to 5th Ave / Rockefeller Centre and everything in Midtown. Plenty of taxi's stream past the hotel if you prefer. A nearby diner and local restaurants kept us well fed.The room had a kitchen, bathroom, large wardrobe and a sofa - it was great to be able to sit down, other than on the bed, after a day walking around.The Cocktail Bar the top of the tower offered great views of the river and across into Brooklyn. The martinis were fearsomely strong.As a frequent traveller to NY in the past the Beekman represented something new and surprising. It was quiet, clean, the rooms were large, the staff pleasant and friendly and excellent value for money. I will use the hotel again.A few niggles - the carpet in the hotel could do with replacing and the TV was also showing signs of age. But otherwise it was perfect.	
Jan 2 2008 	Perfect for the Price 	Stayed here with my husband over Christmas and what a treat! Not only was the room a very good size for Manhattan hotel, it was spotlessly clean, spacious, comfortable and importantly quiet. It was an ideal location for us, a few blocks from the hustle of Mid-Town with a great diner opposite, fantastic cocktails on the top floor of the hotel and just a friendly hotel in a good neighbourhood. I've stayed in NY for over many years and this is one of the best hotels. Try it!	
Dec 28 2007	Wow what a Room	I went with a group to New York to tour the United Nations. The UN was a few blocks away! The room was huge with a kitchen, living room and bedroom. Everything was clean and comfortable. The lounge on the top floor is the perfect place to have a drink and relax. A cab to time square is only $7.50. Perfect place for a New York vacation. Stop by the Pressbox Bar a few blocks down and have a drink with bartender Shawn and the doorman, great conversation and drinks!	
Dec 23 2007 	Don't hesitate. Solid Hotel.	My wife and I wanted something other than the typical pricey Times Square Hotel and we were very pleased. We were unpgraded to a 1br and could have brought the kids with plenty of room. We ended up walking to Times Square anyway, but it was nice to stay outside the norm.Very nice hotel. Not luxurious. But at $200. It was better than staying in a Marriott Courtyard (which is what we usually do).	
Dec 16 2007 	great mini break	stayed here for 4 days, excellent location, easy walking distance to times square, shops etc, hotel in quieter part of new york overlooking east river,not far from La guardia or jfk airport, $45-$55 dollars transfer, hotel will organise limo as they do not call taxi's to collect at hotel, this is more expensive though. The hotel was clean and staff very helpful, the heating in the suite was very effective, too hot most of the time, had to turn it off, it was one of the most comfortable beds i have ever slept in, very handy with the kitchen and seperate lounge. great time had by all, would certainly go back to this hotel, everyone should go to new york once before they die!!!!	
Nov 13 2007 	Loved the Beekman - Old School Class	The Beekman was amazing. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite with a great view. We got the room for only $112 a night last minute!It is not located in the centre of tourist Manhatten but I found this refreshing. After staying near Times Square and participating in the tourist life it was nice to come across to what felt like a more residential area. The restaurants nearby were quaint and we felt it was a very safe area. An enjoyable stay and a great end to a NY holiday.	
Nov 7 2007	I'd stay there again	The front desk guy was really helpful and accommodating. We checked in late, so there wasn't a room with a view left, but he put us in a room that had little street noise (our 2nd preference). The view was of the building next door (not great), but at least it wasn't noisy. We only stayed one night and the bed was comfortable, the room was clean, and the showerheads had pretty good water pressure. We had the one bedroom suite and I used my credit card points for it. Although, I had a good experience, I wouldn't pay over $300 a night (including taxes and fees). The location was pretty good also. We walked to the theatre district and it was a pretty nice stroll (even with my heels on).	
Nov 7 2007 	No Real Downside	Just got back from NY - stayed 4 nights at the Beekman Tower Hotel. No real problems at all. The rooms are basic but clean with a handy kitchen area. We had 4 chaps in one room and requested an extra bed which was provided. On 49th street and 1st Avenue which is close enough to the action and when you are on the 14th floor you don't hear too much of the traffic noise in the early mornings.Use the cabs - not expensive and you can get one in seconds - 13,000 in New York I believe. Also the underground $7 for 2 days unlimited travel - great idea and beats the buses.Iris bars everywhere - 3 round the corner - good food in Clancy's and The Jameson - better booze selection too.The Beekman is a good base and from what I hear unless you want to pay serious money you wont do much better	
Nov 6 2007 	Sleepless in Beekman	Our experience at the Beekman was terrible. As per other reviews, the pictures on the internet in no way represent the actual rooms (with exception of the curtains). The room we had was very hot and when we turned on the airconditioning, it actually blew out hot air. My husband and I woke up at 4am because we were scratching constantly due to severe itchiness. Once we turned on the lights and pulled the covers back, we found there were little black bugs in our bed. When we went to the front desk to ask them to change rooms immediately, they told us to go back upstairs, back to bed, and they would accomodate a room change for us the next morning. But honestly, how can you go back to bed when you know there are bugs in it? We had booked to stay three nights but left at 4am (the internet provider from which we booked was very helpful in helping us get out of our reservation). The cost of the hotel is very expensive. You'd be better off staying at a 2 star Day's Inn than at this supposed 3.5 star Beekman Towers Hotel.	
Oct 28 2007	worst hotel poorest service in new york city	The WORST hotel I've ever stayed in. A lifetime traveller, and someone who frequently stays in New York hotel, I ended up in this pit after my usual was booked.1) The staff has an attitude. The front desk manager, a man named Chris who must have graduated from the Al Queda School of Personality Dynamics, is, without a doubt, the most hostile service employee I have ever encountered.2) In 2007, a New York hotel where the heat, television and internet doesn't work??? I spent nearly two hours on the phone trying to get online, and complaints about heat and television resulted in NOTHING.3) At nearly $500 a night, I would have done better sleeping in a cab for the night and it would have been a whole lot cheaper.4) There should a college course entitled, &quot;How Not to Treat Guests - a Case Study of the Beekman Tower Hotel.&quot;In a word, DON'T.	
Oct 27 2007	Beekman needs a facelift!	I had higher hopes for the Beekman, based on other Trip Advisor reviews. This hotel hovers just above the acceptable level. It is true that the suites offer plenty of space for a family of four to spread out--there's a large living room with TV and a separate bedroom for parents (also with TV). The bathroom is off of the bedroom and is rather small. And while the bathroom was clean enough, it lacked the nicer fixtures and amenties that Sheratons, Westins and other chains have to offer. The sink filled with water quickly and we had to be careful not to cause a flood. The entire suite was in desperate need of a makeover. The fabrics are dated and dreary, the wallpaper peeling, and the carpet a bit thin and stained in places. It was warm in NYC during our visit and the AC in the bedroom did not work at all. A large portable AC unit sat in the bedroom, but the remote control did not cause it to turn on. We were able to open windows, but of course, the noise of the traffic on 1st Avenue made it difficult to sleep. The bed was far from the comfy &quot;heavenly&quot; sort that so many hotels offer these days. And the linens and the &quot;vellux&quot;-like blanket were far from luxurious. There was some sort of dried matter on the bedroom blanket--better not to think about what that might have been! The suite had a dated kitchenette with a sticky handle on the refrigerator door and a long dark hair sitting on the countertop--again, not exactly appealing. I stay at the Beekman based on my company's arrangement with the hotel, but I would not stay at the Beekman if I had a choice!	
Oct 25 2007 	Great Hotel - a bit far from centre	We wanted a one bedroom suite for our stay and the Beekman looked ideal - plus we got a very reasonable rate. On arrival, we were initially a bit disappointed as we'd imagined the room would be a little bigger from photos we'd seen, but our stay there was actually great. We were on the 16th floor and had good views of NY city - quite spectacular at night! Sofabed was a bit uncomfortable for our son but we put mattress on floor and it was perfect - the maid made it up there for us too! Our suite was beautifully cleaned every day - sheets, towels etc. Having our own kitchenette was ideal and there's a grocery store conveniently across the street. Only downside was its distance from everything - subway is 10 minutes away so we either walked to most places (about 20 - 25 minutes to Times Sq) or tried to get taxis. Walking was fine but if you factor in that you then walk around any sight you're going to see as well ........... we were getting a bit tired of 'the commute' by the end of our 6 days there. Recommend Nations Cafe across the road for fantastic American breakfasts'Lasagna' restaurant at 50th and 2nd for fab lasagne.Top of the Tower at Beekman has great views but is expensive!	
Oct 23 2007 	An old class pearl	We had a perfect romantic getaway there before our son was born. The location is good, views fantastic (at least from the upper floors) and the rooms comfortable, quite home-like apartments. And we just loved the Sky Bar on the top!	
Oct 14 2007 	Spacious apartment-like rooms	This midtown hotel must have among the biggest rooms NY has on offer. My room was as big as your average New York apartment. It also came with a hefty price tag, around 470 dollars a night, including all the various taxies levied by Bloomberg. I stayed there during the UN General Assembly, when prices were outrageous all over town. I guess you can get a much better rate during the UN's off-season (the hotel is next door to the UN and seems to cater to delegations). In terms of design and furniture, there's nothing to write home about....the usual heavy American Grandpa style you find in hotels all around the country.	
Sep 4 2007 	Art Deco	Agree with all other reviews - nice hotel, huge rooms complete with dining rooms and kitchen, in a quieter and pleasant area of the city that's handy for central locations. Great! Staff slightly stand-offish though but isnt that the NYC stereotype? Great place! Air conditioning, convenience shops nearby and close to the UN building. 23 stories of a good hotel.	
Aug 31 2007 	1 Bedroom Suite - Nice size Accomodation - Quiet location	The Beekman Tower was a nice place to stay in NYC if you want to be close to midtown, but off the beaten path. It was located on the mid east side of town a short walking distance to the United Nations. The lobby is small with just one clerk, but nevertheless the check in was quick and easy. Our room was on the 19th floor and we had a nice view. When we entered our 1 Bedroom suite, we were thrilled with the overall size of the accomodation. There was a large size Living room with sofa and chair, a full size dining table, a desk and a galley kitchen all in the Living room area of the suite. The kitchen was a galley style with everythiing you would need including a stove, fridge, microwave, dishwasher and coffee pot. The layout of the suite was very nice with lots of room to spread out. The Bedroom was on the small size, but still very nice. The Bathroom was located off of the bedroom and was adequate with the exception of there was only a shower, not a tub (see photo). The furniture and decor was a bit dated, in a traditional style cherry wood, but it was not like it was run down and uncomfortable, just not a luxury, brand new style. I have no real complaints about this hotel as the 1 BD suite was really quite large and we were very pleased considering we paid less than $300 including taxes when booking through Orbitz. For the money we got a great accomodation with lots of square footage and convenience. Another plus was that the hotel was in a more quiet area without the constant traffic and loud street noise. Overall this hotel was just wonderful for those who want some extra space and convenience. We loved our stay at the Beekman Tower. Huge room, quiet location, convenience. It was a very pleasant place to stay in NYC.	
Aug 14 2007	Fantastic UN Location	Friendly helpful Reception and Porters;a must is the great views from 26th Top of Tower but as all food has to come from 1st floor don't expect the food to match(or service);reasonably priced especially given location though this may change when renovations currently underway are completed;animal friendly;myself and many colleagues found the airconditioning noisy and/or ineffective;the inroom kitchen facilities are great esp if one is staying awhile ;the internet service is very poor; another must is the art deco including the brickwork in the East Tower lobby;rooms large and clean	
Aug 6 2007 	Perfect location and accommodation	We are a family of 4 from West Midlands England. Just returned from 6 days in NYC. The trip was to celebrate our eldest son's 21st and we were joined by our 17 year old son. The Beekman more than matched our expectations. We had stayed in NYC on a previous visit in Times Square vicinity. Much preferred Beekman location. Quieter but with good restaurants within a few blocks. Yes there is no subway station close but it is only a 15 minute walk to Grand Central Terminal. Room very large, kitchen very welcome, particularly the fridge in height of summer. The UN diner opposite very good for breakfasts. Check in very prompt, good service and bellman so helpful on last day with luggage and transportation to airport etc.Would definitely recommend the Beekman after this experience.	
Aug 1 2007 	Fantastic view from top of the tower	Fantastic views from the cocktail bar at the top of the tower. Hotel was a few blocks to nearest subway but if you purchased a weekly subway ticket you could make use of the buses. Suite was large and well stocked if a little shabby. Quiet area but quite a few decent restaurants/bars in the vicinity. If ever in New York again would use this hotel, however beware of costs to park car whilst in NY - could rent a hotel room in some other cities for the cost of a nights parking.	
Jul 26 2007 	Brilliant Value for Money - Highly Recommend	Booked this hotel through lastminute.com after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. We paid about £100 per night for a one bedroomed suite which was huge with a sitting room which had a sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen (with dishwasher/microwave/fridge freezer/oven &amp; hob) there was a separate bedroom and bathroom. Although the decor was 'tired', the room was immaculately clean with the cleaner even washing up the cups and glasses we had left in the sink during the day. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The Beekman was within easy walking distance of fifth avenue/central park and all the museums/shops. Also lots of lovely little restaurants nearby (including a brilliant curry house - Indigo - on 47th and 2nd). Would not recommend eating in hotel but worth visiting top floor for cocktails and the view. Excellent diner and deli across the road. Also worth using the hotel car service ($65) for a stress free and comfortable trip back to JFK. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 24 2007 	Amazing View!	We stayed in a suite on the 24th floor of the Beekman. The furniture and decor seemed to be newer, less than 4 years old, but was in less than great shape. The carpet was stained, and there was a tear in the couch. Air conditioner didn't work. I never bothered to tell the staff because the weather was mild and we didn't really need it. Sucks to be the next guy who stays in that room if its hot outside. The remote control didn't work. Other than that, the place is great for the money. The suite offered two balconies overlooking Uptown with a fantastic view. The staff was great, and the elevators were very speedy. The hotel is in a great neighborhood with Trump Tower and the U.N. within walking distance. I'd like to point out where to eat and shop in the area, but everything is good! That and the businesses there change hands often so even if I did point out a good restaurant, it will probably be under new management by time you get there.	
Jul 23 2007 	Surpassed our expectations!	We spent three nights mid-week at the Beekman and would go back in a New York minute! Our Studio Suite on the 17th floor was roomy and clean with a full kitchen including a microwave and dishwasher. Even though we arrived before the official check-in time, we got a warm reception from the staff who instantly allowed us to use the fitness room to freshen up from the boiling New York heat. A nighttime visit to the cocktail bar on the 26th floor is a must! We'll recommend the Beekman to friends and family and it will be our top choice next time we're in NYC. Tip: Try the Thai restaurant around the corner on 1st Avenue for lunch. Prices were dirt cheap and the food was marvelous.	
Jul 23 2007 	Going back to the Beekman	My wife and 14-year-old daughter spent one night in a one-bedroom suite at the Beekman Tower in May. We enjoy taking short weekend trips to Manhattan for fun whenever we are able to get a good price on airfare. We booked the hotel through the Affinia.com website, as this hotel was part of the Affinia hotel group at the time we booked out trip for May. We requested and got a high-floor room with a balcony. The vistas from our balcony on the 20th floor were spectacular - almost unobstructed views of the river and Queensborough bridge. The one-bedroom suite had plenty of space. The bedroom was a little small, but not for Manhattan. The living/dining area was huge, double the size of the bedroom, and had a half bath. It was big enough to house two fold-out sofas, and they both could have been folded out at the same time with no problem. This was a huge room. The kitchen was functional and clean. The location is great, as others have said. It's in a quiet part of town but the walks to tourist and business areas are very reasonable. The things others have said about the furniture being merely functional and a little on the older side are true. That said, we are going back to the Beekman very soon for a two-night stay. We found the hotel to be very clean and comfortable, and the ability to have a child or children sharing the same space without being in the same bedroom with the parents is a real plus for the Beekman (and for several hotels owned by the Affinia group). It appears that the Beekman is no longer associated with the Affinia group, as it is no longer possible to book a room at the Beekman via the Affinia website. We are hoping that the quality of the property is at least equal to the quality when it was an Affinia hotel. I think a lot of people don't understand the Manhattan hotel scene and this gets reflected when they write reviews of Manhattan properties. A hotel suite the size of a one-bedroom at the Beekman (or at the Affinia Manhattan, where we've also stayed) that was decorated to the standard of a luxury hotel would easily cost twice as much on a good day, when you got your best deal. More often, the rate would be three times as much. Check around and you will see that this is true. I would guess the one-bedroom we stayed in at the Beekman was around 900 or maybe even 1,000 square feet total. There are many, many hotels in the same price range in Midtown that offer 300 or so square feet of space for the same money as a large one-bedroom suite at the Beekman. If you pay a decent rate for the Beekman, you are getting a lot for your money.	
Jul 9 2007 	Fantastic time	Being our first time in New York, we were a bit nervous as to where we should stay in the city. We wanted to stay somewhere pretty nice, as we were in NY for Christmas! This was an excellent choice. We pretty much walked everywhere from here... we even got up at 5am Christmas morning and walked to the bottom of the island (although it took a few hours).We had excellent service thorughout our stay, and the staff were always happy to stop and have a chat whenever we needed help or had a question.We were more than happy with our room, we had a suite, and it was more than sufficient... we even got our own kitchen (although it wasn't really ever used)!All up, we were thrilled with the Beekman Tower, and would stay again in a heart beat.	
Jul 6 2007 	Excellent 1 bedroom suite for $179	I saw the hotel advertised on Travelzoo a few months ago at $179+tax and booked it immediately for July 4th. The hotel was very nice and the location on the east side was about 20 blocks from the fireworks. There is a nice diner across the street and several restaurants nearby. The 1 bedroom suite on the 18th floor was spacious and very clean, like a small apartment in NYC. The room has a kitchenette with a gas stove and a fridge. The bed and couch were comfortable. All the windows open about 8 inches for fresh air. Parking was $37 but I easily found free parking on the street just 2 blocks away. The bathroom is small, but who cares. I would definitely stay here again. Also, a nice rooftop bar. Make sure you put your do not disturb sign on the door, I forgot and was woken up at 7:30am by housekeeping. There is not subway stop nearby, the closest is about a 20 minute walk.	
Jul 6 2007 	Good Value for the most part!	Just returned from a five night stay with my husband and son. I agree that the rooms are a little dated but the one bedroom suite was comfortable for a family. At first I was appalled at the condition of the plaid sofa as it was heavily stained and so was the adjacent coffee table. But in the true spirit of a New York survivor, I grabbed a few sheets from a housekeeping cart and draped it over the couch.. After that it was smooth sailing and quite comfortable for our family. True, the kitchen and bathroom are on the old side but very clean and very functional. Staff was very friendly, however, not knowledgeable about the immediate area. All in all, the value was good for NYC. Average cost was $200 a night. I saw many families checking in and out and nothing but smiles! The doormen and bell staff were awesome and seemed to run the show in the lobby. A good experience. I didn't expect perfection on our family budget. Cathy, Arizona	
Jun 28 2007 	Service Beyond Belief	Our car was in front of the hotel waiting for the valet to pick up when a suitcase rolled down the sidewalk and hit the car. knocked a quarter size piece of paint off the fender and a big dent. i've had experiences before where valets have done damage to my car and denied everything. Kathi Suprek, the hotel manager, told me what happened and took responsibilty. Knock me over with a feather. I got an estimate and they sent me a check right away. We booked a one bedroom suite, and they are huge. ask for a high room, views are great. fully furnished kitchen. my son lives in manhattan and it was bigger than his apartment. Top of the Tower is great.	
Jun 26 2007 	Okay is a perfect description	I stayed here with two other business colleagues. New York was booked solid due to conventions, so we could either stay at the Beekman for $395 or someplace else for $800. We did the responsible thing and stayed at the Beekman for a night.The staff was very friendly on our initial arrival, but there was some confusion about our rooms. Clearly not as good of a reservation system as you'll find at the larger chains. They gave us one room, and promised the other 2 later. When we returned, they tried to get 2 of us to share a room. Needless to say, I let them know that was not acceptable, and they backed off and gave us two rooms. Not very smart on their part to try and put 2 business people in the same room.The rooms are clean, and decent sized by NY standards. The bed was not the most comfortable, but passable for a night. The big flaw with the rooms was the air conditioning units. They either didn't work well or were very noisy in all of our rooms. None of us got a good night of sleep.At checkout, there was again confusion about payment for the rooms but it got sorted out properly.Overall, it was probably still worth saving our company about $1,500, but this is not a place I would seek out again.	
Jun 24 2007 	Very good stay	I stayed at the Beekman in february for five nights in a one bedroom suite for a very reasonable price.The suite was very big (size of a small apartment) and spotless clean. The kitchen was fully equipped, the room had a second tv, ...Staff was friendly and very helpful. The location is good for tourists and business. I absolutely recommend the Beekman.	
Jun 23 2007 	Surprisingly good for Manhattan	My wife and I stayed at the Beekman Tower in a studio suite with queen bed and kitchenette, on the 16th floor (suite B) for four nights, starting Saturday, April 14, 2007. The costs (AAA discounted rate) per each night were $207, 189, 225, 207, chronologically, coming to 828 plus 132.79 taxes (total 960.79). This was a surprisingly good place to stay, considering what Manhattan lodging normally offers for this price.The location of this hotel is reasonably good (being centrally located north to south, though not as central east to west), with the nearest subway station being a 10 minute walk away (at 53 St. &amp; 3 Ave.). This area is relatively less bustling, it felt safe, and there are fine restaurant choices within a few minutes’ walk. The building is a lovely, 26 story, Art Deco tower, with a bar on the top floor offering wonderful views. It should be noted, though, that those not buying drinks are strongly discouraged from partaking of the views, private parties often render this bar/observatory unavailable to the general public, and just two, tiny drinks will leave one feeling light-walleted by $20. Three elevators in the small lobby yielded wait times of no more than a minute or so. The staff we encountered during our visit were knowledgeable, competent, and rather friendly and courteous (by big city standards). Although, we discovered as we went to check out that we could have had a complimentary newspaper delivered to our suite each day, had someone mentioned we could request it.The good-sized suite (roughly 16 x 16 feet), had a living room/bedroom area with TV, coffee table, sofa, two night-stands by the queen bed, clock/radio, a large dresser, two windows which could be opened - though with some difficulty, and a roughly 3 x 3 foot closet with a safe operated by a key. The bathroom was modest in size (roughly 5 x 8 feet), with almost no counter space but one large cabinet under the sink, a tub with shower and a full-flow shower head, and there were the typical U.S. midlevel hotel towels &amp; toiletries, including body gel, lotion, soaps, hair drier, and (as a pleasant surprise) both conditioning shampoo and regular shampoo. The kitchenette (roughly 7 x 8 feet) included a small microwave, small fridge, utensils, plates, etc., a counter and two stools, sink, and range. All amenities in the suite were functioning properly during the time of our stay. We had a fine view of the East River and U.N. We heard no sounds from neighboring suites and almost no street noise.The only negative comments I wish to pass on are that there is no computer available here to check in and print boarding passes and the heat in the room was almost uncontrollable from within the suite (and it was too warm). We either did not look for air-conditioning, or could not find it, or it did not work (I do not recall). So we kept the windows open.	
Jun 23 2007 	Even give me a free I would never stay it	The picture of internet was not actually with really hotel room. I was requested for one bed room high floor suite room, but the room was only give me on the 9th floor out of 26st floor, and the bathroom was very very very small(I have been many hotel, but never see it so small). Service was not very good, too. It was make me very unhappy and very angry, I was requested for 3 person room, which is one queen size bed and one sofa bed, but actually it has only give me 2 person bedroom. I was tell than set up for sofa bed in the first night, than after, they were forget it, even I have been requert the sofa bed, but they STILL or try to forget it. The service was not really respecting and care to custome. I really has bad experiences, so Even if it give me one more change or free to stay again. Sorry, I would give up this change.	
Jun 15 2007 	could have been better	Hotel room is very roomy but the upkeep is lacking. Rooms airconditioning was not sufficient to cool the room in summer and there was no hair dryer in the room ( a feature that I expect in any american hotel).The roof top bar is nice, and worth a visit.	
May 26 2007 	Started awful improved later on	Stayed in this hotel in mid April for 6 nights.At the beginning we were given a smoking room which was incredibly stinky so we barely could breathe there. It was also freezing though the window was closed and very very noisy (cars, trucks), and there were some dirty towels and hair in the toilet.It was also pretty small (TV was inside a closet which open door blocks the entrance to bathroom)We complained but the reception said they are sold out so they can't do anything this night, and they will try to move us to another room the next day.In the meantime, the housekeeping lady came, replaced only 1 towel (!) and sprayed some spray against smoking that helped for 10 min.Since it was impossible to stay in the room, we spent half a night walking in the street and sitting in the lobby, complaining again to every reception shift about this horrible experience.The next day the manager came and indeed moved us to a non smoking, clean , quiet and very big room with much nicer view and we stayed in this room the rest of the trip.The stay in this room was much better, the only minus was that not always housekeeping brought new soap/shampoo though the one in the room was over. Luckily, we also brought our own soap and shampoo...In overall, all rooms have an old rug that is woren and the toilet seat also seems like needs to be replaced.The location of the hotel is OK but not great - 1 min. walk from UN, it's around 49 th and 1st Ave which means about 15 min. walk to 5 th ave, and about 10 min walk to metro.	
May 20 2007 	Loved the Beekman	WE had a lovely one-bedroom suite, that came with a tidy little kitchen. Would have been comfortable staying there for a month! They have a great exercise room, and the staff was extremly accomodating. There are tons of good places to eat closeby, but still away from the tourist traps in mid-town. Only a short walk from Grand Central, the UN, Waldorf, Saks, and many other sites. We can't wait to go back.	
May 5 2007 	Spacious and clean	My husband and I took a short weekend getaway to NYC, and found a great deal in one of their suites on Hotels.com. Although we were on the 4th floor, with no great views of the city, we were very impressed with the size of the suite. Tall ceilings, and three large windows lined one of the walls. There was lots of open space in the living room. Furnishings were older, but tasteful. We were pleasantlysurprised with a kitchen, but it didn't get much use as we were only there for two nights. Hotel staff were friendly--no major problems. No problems with noise.Rooftop restaurant for dessert and drinks was nice, but not incredibly impressive. It was a nice place to stay, in a decent location. The hotel is about 5 blocks from 5th Avenue. It's a bit of a walk to the nearest subway. But it's NYC---you should expect to walk unless you are planning on taking taxis everywhere (which can get quite expensive). Negatives: The heaters wouldn't turn off in all the rooms. So...we left a couple windows cracked open and the temperature was fine. Bed was on the hard side--not really comfortable for us. I'd recommend the hotel suite for families or couples on a longer vacation. If you are looking for a good deal / decent and spacious place to stay this would be your place. If you are looking for luxury and amazing views, you can find better hotels to stay at in NYC.	
Apr 30 2007 	Very Good	My wife and I have just spent a pleasant long weekend at the Beekman Tower hotel. We requested a quiet high floor and were given 24C which is near the top of the building with small balconies from the bedroom and living room. The suite was clean and well-furnished. The service was excellent although the lobby is inadequate to handle the traffic at peak times and the front desk, while efficient and courteous, was perhaps understaffed at the height of the check-in/check-out times. Even so, the staff were courteous and highly professional in coping with the situation. The location is pleasant and the immediate area seemed safe and &quot;residential&quot;, but a rather longish walk or short taxi trip to the centre of the shopping or theatre districts. In short, a good place to stay and certainly recommended if you don't need to be within shouting distance of Times Square. The building itself is of some interest and there are some excellent images and historical references to be found at [--]	
Apr 27 2007 	exremely impressed with beekman tower hotel	We arrived on 19th April for 5 nights. We were dealt with quickly and given the keys to our room on the 19th floor. I had advised the Hotelthat it was our 10th wedding anniversary and my husbands birthday, so they gave us a complimentary bottle of wine and fantastic views from our room!The room was big with kitchen area and bathroom etc, yes, it is slightly dated but we loved it because it was clean, spacious and cosy. We did end up with the window open as it was quite warm, however the weather was in late 70's to 80's anyway .We walked to Time Square / mid Town in around 15 mins, infact we walked mostly everywhere, only getting a taxi once, and buses ( with o metro card each) to Ellis Island, China Town, Tribecca, Ground Zero etc, so good location.Each moring we either had breakfast at the United Nations cafe opposite or got a bagel and juice 'to go' in the little shop next to cafe.On the day we left, we experienced major problems with the shuttle service 'blue bus'. This was pre paid with our holiday. They are renowned to be totally unreliable - we learned from our friendly dooeman, and unforyunately didn't bother coming to collect us as the'traffic was bad'!! An hour later and with no transport , our doorman quickly arranged the hotel car to take us. We had no dollars left, so they kindly let us have the dollars from their till with a payment on our visa - this is not done unless in an emergency.We got to the airport safely and in time - be warned don't use the shuttle, our story is one of many.Anyway, highly recommend this hotel, will not bother fining a different one if I go again, as its was great in all ways - finally the views from the cocktail bar are so great, they really are worth a visit.	
Apr 23 2007 	Beekman Tower - Bang on!!!	Arrived at the Beekman Tower at aroun 2.00pm local time, we were swiftly checked in to our room. There was no fortunate upgrade or piece of luck that made our stay that little bit more special - we were given the exact room we'd paid for and that we were expecting.This makes this review even more positive as I believe I experienced a stay that the vast majority of travellers will relate to.We were in the east wing, 10 yards away from the main building. Our room was fine, one large double bed, a small kitchen (with possibly the World's most effective toaster) and a bathroom that although a little dated was clean and rather pleasant.For the week that we stayed there was never too much noise from the street that it interrupted our sleep and to be honest I felt really at home immediately in the little studio, far nicer than a sterile Hilton Hotel room.As a diabetic, I found a little bagel shop on 1st Avenue selling sugar free cakes that could only be described as delicious. It's a really pleasant hotel, slightly old world like and it's very cheap. I can't really recommend it any higher - stay there and you'll not be disappopinted :-).	
Apr 9 2007 	not a bad place - clean	not a bad place for the price - nyc is so damn expensive - so we got a great deal from travelzoo for this hotel - it is in a quiet location (at least on the weekend) - walking distance (if you're don't mind walking) - clean (no mold, no bugs) - maybe the rug was a little worn, but for that price in ny - you can live with it -- we had a small functioning kitchenette in our room which can be a big moneysaver for folks on a budget -- front desk treated us nice, even with a budget website reservation -- all in all not a bad place for the price	
Apr 8 2007 	Nice hotel especially for the price	This was a nice, clean hotel with a curteous and helpful staff. Our room had a queen sized bed, a full bath, and a pretty good sized kitchen in the next room. It was a little dated, but clean and the room was decent sized, especially for the city. The neighborhood was fine, and you could walk to Rockefeller center in about 15-20 minutes. It was a bit of a walk to metro stops (about 5-6 blocks), but that was only an issue when it was raining. You could also easily catch a taxi on 1st Ave, directly in front of the hotel. There was a small grocery right across the street, which was great since we had the kitchen, and a large drugstore, pizza place, and deli within 2 blocks.Overall, we had a nice stay, and were especially impressed with how nice it was for the price (we got it at about $150/night, which is great for that caliber hotel in Manhattan).	
Apr 8 2007 	Great Value	I booked a last minute overnight on Priceline for $139, and hadn't heard of the Beekman until my offer was accepted. We were upgraded toa HUGE suite on the 22nd floor complete with great views, an outdoor patio, kitchen, dining room, 2 bathrooms and 3 closets! We're accustomed to overpriced, TINY NYC hotels, so this was a welcome change. Although the place could use an update, I'd rather live with the furnishings from yesteryear and pay these low prices any day! The bed was comfortable, but the shower pressure was weak. One minor complaint: my husband wanted to use the room's Wi-Fi, and called downto the desk for instructions, but the woman he spoke with didn't knowwhat he was talking about. We learned that Wi-Fi use costs $10 per day -- a major ripoff. Other than that, we were very pleased. The rooftop bar was great.	
Apr 6 2007 	Good hotel with an ok location	We stayed at the Beekman at then end of March for 5 nights. The room we stayed in was spacious and comfortable. The location was ok, attractions are within walking distance.	
Mar 28 2007 	Great Value and location	We booked the Beekman for 5 nights at an incredible rate for this area of Manhattan. The room was a one bedroom suite with a kitchen that was well equipped. Comfortable accommodation although a little tired.The Top of The Tower bar/restaurant, is worth a visit in the evening for a 360 degree view across the city. Expensive drinks, but you have to do it!The Nations Diner across 1st Avenue is a must for breakfast. Excellent choice for vegetarians, loads to eat and very reasonably priced. It will set you up for the day.The metro is nearby for trips further a field; China Town, Little Italy and Battery Park for the ferries to Liberty and Ellis Islands. You can also walk to the main shopping areas. However, instead of always heading west, go 1 block east to the river. You can have a wonderful view across to Queens and further south to Brooklyn.All in all highly recommended.	
Mar 22 2007 	Great hotel great price	My husband and I took a trip to NYC to celebrate my birthday and our first wedding anniversary. I found the Beekman online and got a price of $139/nt through Travelzoo. We were very happy with the hotel- we booked a studio suite, and loved the huge kitchen and bedroom. The bathroom was small, but not terrible. Everything was spotlessly clean. The bedspread and curtains are a bit dated, but nothing out of the ordinary. The kitchen was nicely stocked with a toaster, pans, silverware, can opener, dishwasher, dishsoap, towels, plates, glasses and wine glasses. Lots of drawers and several large closets in the room as well.The front desk staff was friendly and check-in was easy. We checked out at noon on our last day and left our luggage there all day. We took a car service to an airport hotel in the evening. It cost us $65 to get to a JFK airport hotel, but we took the trip in a nice Lexus towncar, with a very friendly driver. I recommend asking the front desk about the car service if you need transport to the airport. Our only problem was trying to find the hotel on our first night there. The taxi driver didnt know where it was, and I didnt have the cross-streets. We probably went past 3 times before we found it. The sign for the hotel is small too. Take the cross-streets, not just the address! It's a great location for sightseeing. About 2 blocks from the UN, a little further from other things, but the subway is not too far away. We did a lot of walking and felt that we were in a good location to see everything. There are lots of stores and food nearby, so you will be well fed. Definitely stay there if you have the chance!	
Mar 14 2007 	Better than expected	Just returned from a week stay in the hotel. Everything excellent, large room, we had five windows in our studio apartment! Extremely quiet, overlooking gardens in a side part of the hotel. Only one other room on our corridor so everything was silent apart from the gurgling heater but as the room was very warm switching it off remedied this. Very clean, fresh, fluffy towels every day, fresh stocks of toiletries and tea and coffee provided daily. Full size gas cooker and good size fridge and freezer. Handy for deli, Nations cafe (good cheap breakfast) open from six am until late, wine and liquor store and frequent buses to almost everywhere. Would certainly book to go there again.	
Mar 13 2007 	Superb Value	Got a great deal at this hotel through a Travelzoo offer and were pleased to see the room was huge and actually rather nice. Location was ok too, about a 15 minute walk from Grand Central Station and only a 7 minute walk from a nearer subway. The bar at the top of the hotel was good for a nightcap on one the of the nights we were there, with a stunning night time view over Roosevelt Island etc. Defintely recommend.	
Mar 9 2007 	Great Place To Stay	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Beekman from Feb 27th for four nights. Having been initially disappointed with the fact that we were staying in an 'annexe' to the main hotel, (same building, different entrance doors) we were pleasantly surprised, the one bedroomed suite was excellent, very spacious, good size living room, small but adequate kitchen, good size bedroom and well stocked bathroom. Spotlessly clean, maid service every day, fresh towels and linen daily. Yes, its a 10-15 minute walk to 5th avenue, but on our return after hectic days out, it was a relief to get back to a quiet neighbourhood - removed from the hustle and bustle of the city centre. Views from the Top of the Tower are spectacular - even if the bar itself is extremely expensive! From the moment you walk through the hotel doors, all the staff are very friendly and extremely helpful. We would DEFINITELY stay there again - though I notice the rates have soared since we booked. Well done all at the Beekman.	
Mar 4 2007 	Superb value for money	My partner and I stayed at the Beekman for 6 days in January 2007 for our first trip to NYC. Hotel accommodation in the city does not come cheap and when we found this hotel offering a one bedroom apartment for 5 nights for just £400 we couldn't say no. It's true that the interior isn't designed by Philippe Starck, and no, it's not on Times Square; but what this hotel does offer is space, value for money and a decent location. We were in a room on the fifth floor with a view of another building and the back gardens of some neighbours. The room was a good size with sofa, table and chairs, with a well equipped kitchen off the living room along with a bedroom with en-suite. I didn't think that the decor was that dated, it looked like a number of Marriott's I've stayed in, warm, floral colours, nothing too offensive. As other reviewers have mentioned, the Top of the Tower is a good spot for a cocktail or two, we didn't eat there but we did see the food and it looked pretty run of the mill for the prices being charged. Location-wise it is a bit of a walk into the heart of Manhatten, but we walked to Times Square in about 20 minutes. We would recommend getting a travel pass and using the public transport. A week's ticket was about $26 and gave us access to the bus and the underground. There's a bus stop directly opposite the hotel that takes you straight across Manhatten, easy! Finally it certainly looks like the Beekman's low rates have been discovered by many as when we were there the hotel was fully booked most nights. However the hotel never felt frantic and we appreciated coming back to the peace and quiet of 1st Avenue after the excitement of a day in NYC.	
Feb 26 2007 	Good hotel soso location	This is a fine hotel, the in room facilities are very good but they could use some remodeling. Old Microwave, old stove. The room is very clean and has a very nice space if you choose the one bedroom unit. Some disappointing issues :The 1 bedroom floorplan indicated that the main room and the living room that had a sofa bed would share a bathroom that would stay in between the both rooms. Actually the bathroom were inside the main room, if our third friend had come, she would have to go into our room each time she needed to use the bathroom. The hotel has a 3 oclock check in time policy. As they were full , I had to wait untill 3 oclock to check in. It is a bit to odd to have to check out by 12:00 and check in by 3pm......The location is so, so as it is 3 avenues from the nearest subway, mind that the aveues in New York are very large and that means a lot of walking to get to the nearest subway. Friendly staff. Very nice bathroom shampoos and soap were provided.	
Feb 13 2007 	Pleasant stay at the Beekman	We have just returned from a lovely 5 night stay at the Beekman Tower. (Negative first sorry!) Things didn't get off to the best start when we checked in however. Unfortunately - although I had requested a high floor through the booking agency (lastminute.com), and had emailed the hotel separately requesting the same, we were given a very cold room on the lowest floor possible - floor 2! The suite was nice, but had terrible views (a brick wall one side, and 1st Avenue through a frosted smeared window the other) and the bathroom and bedroom were very very cold - even with the heaters on. I reported our disappointment to reception, who advised that they could not do anything until the next day. Sure enough, we returned from being out the next day to find we had been moved to a new suite - on the 17th floor with a city view! We were very happy and very grateful with the new room, and the way that the reception staff handled the situation.Location of the hotel was fine. On previous visits to NYC, we have stayed in midtown (Waldorf Astoria, Roger Smith, The Carlton), but - although the Beekman is a little out of the way - it is not too bad. The nearest subway station - 51st and Lexington - is not too far (about a 5 minute walk - depending on how fast you are!). This is only a pain if you're tired and very cold and drunk...but then you can get a taxi (as we did)! There is a diner and a grocery store across the road, and a McDonalds(!) and Starbucks a couple of blocks away. The United Nations building is a bout a 2-3 minutes walk away. You're only about 2-3 blocks away from midtown, where everything is.The views from the &quot;Top of the Tower&quot; restaurant are great. We didn't eat there, but had drinks/cocktails one evening, which was very relaxed and enjoyable. We did get room service one night (which is from the Top of the Tower restaurant) and the food was very nice. All staff - including doormen, cleaners and waiters - were very professional and pleasant throughout our visit.I never got time to use the gym(!) or any other facilities at the hotel, so cannot comment.Rooms/suites are very spacious, clean and nicely decorated. Ours had a nice big 'living room' complete with sofa, coffee table and dining table, plus a nice size TV. The bedroom was a good size with a very comfortable large bed (and TV), and nice clean ensuite bathroom. 2 good size wardrobes - one in the bedroom and one in the 'hall' - plus an iron and ironing board were also supplied. The kitchen is equipped with a fridge freezer, microwave, coffee machine and coffee, and sufficient cutlery, plates, etc.Although the Beekman is described as a &quot;business hotel&quot;, I thought it would be suitable for all types of travellers (although probably not best for families with younger children - though suite size could be a plus point for families). Overall, I'd recommend the Beekman Tower for its large rooms, very friendly/helpful staff and amazing Top of the Tower views - but its 'out-of mid-town' location may be an issue for some travellers.	
Feb 4 2007 	Nice stay at the Beekman	Just returned from 2-night stay at Beekman Tower with my teenage daughter. The rate was fantastic so even though the location is a few blocks from everything, it was definetly worth it. (We booked king-bedded studio suite on the Affinia site for $102/night.) We took advantage of the close proximity to the UN and went ona tour on Friday afternoon. We picked-up snacks at the convienience store across the street and had the kitchenette to store our ice cream and juice. The rooms are a bit old-fashioned, but very clean. At first, we thought the bed wouldn't be comfortable, but we both slept well. I would recommend double or king beds over twin beds! The water pressure in the shower was very powerful. We would stay there again, or try another well-priced Affinia property.	
Jan 13 2007 	Enjoyed the Beekman	Great location. Walking distance to just about anywhere. Very nice staff.	
Jan 12 2007 	Lovely place to stay!	I stayed here with my two adult daughters and we absolutely loved the place! After a long time travelling we arrived at 9pm to be greeted with very friendly staff, so polite it was very refreshing. Particuarly the doormen. Check in was swift and our one bedroom suite was cleaned to a high standard everyday and the maid always left extra smellies for the three of us. Great cafe over the road which has already been mentioned, they serve a huge selection of breakfasts to choose from. (U.N Cafe) The Top of The Tower cocktail lounge has wonderful views of the city at night. The cocktails worked out at about six pounds each but was well worth it for the views. Again the waiters were very helpful and friendly. Location is okay if you don't mind walking, times square is about 15 - 20 mins. The grocery store over the road is handy too.(Also very friendly) There's a little pet boutique up the road which had some nice things, the gentleman who owned it was lovely and very chatty. The suite was huge and spacious by New York standards, with plenty of cupboard space with a walk in wardrobe too. Having a kitchen was great and it was stocked with all the extras you will need. Don't hesitate to stay here I am already planning to return at the same time this year.BEWARE- When we arrived at La Guardia airport we were approached by a taxi driver (not a yellow cab) offering us the whole deal for a whopping $80 inc. tip claiming we would be waiting in the queue for a yellow cab for a long time. When we actually only waited for 10 mins and only cost us $30.TIP - Do the empire state building at night there was virtually no queue! We went about 8pm, don't miss it the views are fantastic.	
Jan 12 2007 	Great hotel!	This hotel was great! We booked an arrangement in the Netherlands for a New York city trip.We had a one bedroom suite and it really was great. There was a separate kitchen (with dishwasher) and a bathroom which was nice. The bedroom was nice too, the bed was comfortable.We had a room on the 2nd floor. We could heardly hear the noise from outside.The staff was great and helpful and provided us with toothpaste and deodorant because our suitcases didn't arrive at the same time we did.We really can recommend this hotel to you.We had breakfast at the Nations cafe across the street, the food was great!	
Jan 6 2007	great value wonderful neighborhood	Yes, the rooms are a little worn around the edges, but where else in Manhattan (in one of the safest neighborhoods in the city) can you have a one bedroom suite during Christmas/New Year time frame for $270 a night? The hotel was sold in November and major renovations are planned--which means big price increases in the future. For anyone who wants to focus on midtown and the upper East Side this is a wonderful choice. The customer service is superb. The housekeeping staff is wonderful. I always look at The Beekman Tower at my apartment in New York when I'm a guest in the city.	
Dec 7 2006 	Friendly staff/ great location	We arrived at the Beekman Hotel and quickly checked in with no hassles. The doorman and receptionist were friendly and welcoming and we soon up to our room. We had a one-bedroom suite with a kitchen. First impressions were that is was tidy but a bit worn looking. The suite was set out differently to that I had seen on the Internet so that the bathroom was off of the bedroom. I was a bit disappointed with this as it meant my 13-year-old stepson would need to walk through our room to the bathroom. Also the sofa bed when pulled out blocked our pathway to the main door. But I didn’t bother changing as we were only staying for 2 nights. The kitchen had a dishwasher, fridge/freezer, and cooker with hob, a toaster and a sink. A nice touch was the ice cubes in the freezer ready for your drink! In the cupboards I found some saucepans and frying pan, plates, cups and glasses, a chopping board and they had also left one dishwasher tablet, washing up liquid and a cloth. No cutlery or knives though but maybe you needed to ask for them downstairs. We didn’t use the kitchen at all.The bathroom was tidy and clean except for what looked like blood splatters on the wall by the mirror, which was slightly disappointing. The range of toiletries was good (I had also noticed a sign at reception saying you could also get deodorant and contact lens solution if required.)The bedroom was an adequate size but only had enough room for one bedside cabinet. There was also a TV cabinet and a closet with a safe inside. We had breakfast at the Nations café across the road from our hotel. The food was really nice and the service superb – I heartily recommend it.The location of the hotel was great as it was away from the main hustle/bustle but it was an easy walk to Times Square and Central Park.Heating in the room was a bit sporadic – the first night the heating stayed on until the early hours, which I found stifling, but the second night it was off quite early.We didn’t use any of the hotel facilities but on our second morning we did go to the restaurant at the top of the hotel to watch the sunrise (before the restaurant was open)	
Nov 29 2006 	great hotel at a great rate!	this was our second time to new york city and we wanted to steer clear of all the toruisty parts of the city!! we stayed at the raddison martinique on broadway our first time around and while it was a nice hotel the price for the size of the room was a little high which is to be expected in new york. we did extensive reasearch this time around and booked at several different hotels but then canceled due to multiple bad reviews on here. we finally booked at the beekman tower which was rated at the time # 38 out of over 300 hotles on here. We got a great rate on travelzoo @ 159 a night! when we got there the first rooms they showed us to were okay about the size of our previous stay @ the martinique but the rooms were very hot and we asked if we could be relocated. they upgraded us without any hestitaition to the suites with a seperate entrance. These rooms were amaizing, while outdated, the size and cleanlyness were great. the housekeeping was also great. we were never disturbed and always had a nice cleaned room to come back to. there was a huge kitchen equipped with full fridge, sink, dishwasher and stove. our room also had a dining table. there were only two rooms per floor which was great because we were traveling with friends which also were upgraded and shared the same floor with us. we herd very little outside noise. for those who complain about street noise, you do know your in the city that never sleeps right?!? The ac worked great in the queen suits and always had a nice cool room to come back to. if you want to stay in the heart of all the attractions this is not really the place to be. but if your in the mood to just walk the city and really soak up what its like to be a new yorker this is just the place. we walked EVERYWHERE!! we even walked from the hotel to central park, while tiring, it was a great expeierience and i wouldnt trade it for anything. if walking is not the thing for your there is a subway line about 4 blocks up on lexington ave and that connects to other lines but i believe that line runs to yankee stadium if you can catch a game. the staff was very pleasant when we had contact with them but with a seperate entrance to our room we didnt really have too much contact with them. the restaraunt on top of the tower had a great view but the drinks were kinda pricey. i had a coke and it was like 8 bucks. i would recomend this hotel if its your second time around and dont want the environment of tourists all over the place. i would also reccomend seeing other sites besides times square, we ate at a great restaraunt in tribecca called the tribecca grill. this was an awsome restaraunt, while a tad overpriced, the environment of the restaraunt was worth the price. it is partially owned by robbert denero if that makes any difference. also for sports fans Mantels is an awsome place to eat. it right across from central park and has everything a yankee fan could dream of!! there is also a little grocery store right across the street and the owner is awsome!! he even yelled at the hubby cause i was gonna carry the bag out!! lol! he was great! if you want to really expierience what its like to be a new yorker this is the place for you!! i might also add that the beekman is rated higher than the waldorf astoria!!	
Nov 28 2006 	Would return	Stayed at the Beekman for Thanksgiving day weekend. I have to agree with most of the reviews. The people are very nice. The rooms are very clean (I think the cleaning staff should be awarded); the furniture is scuffed up and outdated, the suite itself is not very big. We had a one bedroom superior suite on the 18th floor. Not too small, but definately not big. The living room with the pull out couch was good size, but the actual bedroom with the queen bed was small, and the kitchen was tiny, but we were not doing any cooking so it didn't matter. The location was great, we could still walk to Rockefeller center plaza and times square. The restaurant on the top floor of the Beekman is definately worth going to for at least a drink. I loved that restaurant, atmosphere was so nice and beautiful!! The nations cafe across the street was great for breakfast, we went there 4 mornings in a row. The convience/market also across the street was open 24 hours and came in very handy. I really liked the location. From reading about other hotels in New York, with rooms so small and tiny for $300 +, I guess the Beekman has good size rooms, although I've only stayed in 1+ bedroom suites and would never stay in a regular room with 2 kids. We paid 279.00 a night plus tax. So compared to other hotels I guess this is a good rate. I did not like the fact that they allow pets to stay there and was nervous about that. But my room did not smell like dog, and there wasn't any dog barking at night. I did see dogs but it turned out ok, not a problem.. I would go back again.	
Nov 24 2006	Good location decor in hotel needs help	We stayed here for one night in November 2006. We enjoyed being close to midtown and a short taxi ride from Union Square. We loved the &quot;Top of the Tower&quot; - I would definitely receommend going up there for a drink (whether you stay in the hotel or not). The staff was relatively friendly and helpful (a little slow at check in). In general, the hotel was fine for one night, but the decor of the hotel was totally beat. I felt like I was in my grandmother's house, circa 1954. The flower bedspread with matching curtains, the puke greek carpet, and the dark green furniture is all outdated. The bed was one of the most uncomfortable ones that I have ever slept on. The price for this hotel was good, so I guess for one night it was fine. But I wouldn't necessarily recommend staying there for an extended stay. A couple hints - ask the staff for a hotel on a higher floor. We were on the 2nd floor and there was a lot of street noise, especially in the morning. We also had a little kitchenette, so you can bring food/drink if you want to. Be sure to ask for extra blankets and pillows. There was one extra pillow and one extra blanket (that had holes in it) in the closet. There were only two pillows on the bed and a very thin cover.	
Nov 24 2006 	Loved It!	Myself and my husband stayed in the Beekman during the Halloween holidays and found it to be most pleasant.we were placed in a suite on the 7th floor and it was huge and spotless. Granted it could do with a decoration re vamp but the maid service was excellent and i couldnt fault the cleanliness of the room.The receptionists were always friendly and courteous and very helpfull when u needed advice on the best way to see the sights and where to eat etc.The Nations Cafe across the road served fabulous breakfasts - such a choice and value for money.All in all i would definately return to the Beekman next time we go to NY. The location is perfect if u dont want to be right in the madness of the city but close enough to walk to the sights.	
Nov 15 2006	A Quiet Oasis	My daughter and I recently spent 2 nights at the Beekman Towers. We found it to be a secluded oasis in the midst of the Manhattan chaos. The service was impeccable, and the room clean and comfortable. Although not a flashy , upscale hotel, we found it to be quietly refreshing in a classy way. I would certainly reccomend this facilty to travelers looking for a quiet facilty away from the hustle and bustle of the city, but yet still close enough to be convenient to the major attractions of Manhattan.	
Nov 15 2006 	Love the neighborhood	The hotel is old and a little noisy. Forget that. There are much better hotels in NYC. But we loved the neighborhood. A few blocks away are a lot of nice restaurants. Filled with New Yorkers. Not with tourists. The people at the reception are very helpfull and friendly. The guys at the door are the best. They really understand how to make you feel at home.	
Nov 13 2006 	Dissapointed	We stayed at the Beekman Tower Suites for 5 ngihts at the beginning of November.When booking with the agent I requested a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor, I also emailed the hotel direct with this request after we booked.When we arrived, we were checked into a smoking room on a smoking floor - stank as soon as the lift doors opened onto our floor!The room was very well aired and as it was the middle of the night and we were exhausted we just collapsed there for the night and then requested it was changed in the morning.The next Day the man on reception said they would find us another room and to ask him about it when we returned after our day out.When I did ask about it on our return at lunch time I was told they had given our room away as we were not packed and ready to move (everything in our rooms was packed up apart from tooth brushes).I was told there were no more rooms so we would have to stay in the one we were in.After I refused to accept that then they found us a non smoking room on a non smoking floor.The rooms were clean and comfortable but there was lots of niggly things that needed fixing in both rooms, they were just old and run down.Loose tiles on kitchen floor, curtains that don't close, broken toilet fixtures etc.The walls were very thin, could hear our neighbours coming in every morning at about 5am and continuing their partying.The coffee machine in the room was great but getting a Kettle to make Tea was a bit of a trauma as well, but we did get there in the end.We had 1 meal in the Top of the Tower restaurant, the view was great and the food was all nice although I did not get what I ordered. There was meant to be a piano player in there all night every night as well (proudly told this by reception when we checked in) but there was not a note of music in there all night.I chose the Beekman because of reviews on here but having stayed there I would not want to recommend it to anyone as there are pleanty of better places to stay in the city.It just felt that to get anything done there was a fight and that is not a holiday.	
Nov 10 2006 	Good value for young famlly.	We stayed for 5 nights at the Beekman in August &amp; we had a very good experience. My husband, 2 children (ages 4 &amp; 2), Mum &amp; I shared a one bedroom apartment (my husband &amp; I shared the sofabed in the lounge) &amp; we found the cooking facilities (for breakfast &amp; dinners mostly) a big cost-saver. We enjoyed a beautiful dinner at the Top of the Town restaurant &amp; the service was spectacular. Ahmed the doorman was very helpful, organising a car service with child restraints for airport transfers for me. The decor is very dated &amp; the beds are quite uncomfortable, but it was remarkably quiet &amp; we felt extremely safe , even at night. There is a laundry service &amp; mini market conveniently situated across the road which was handy when you have small children.	
Nov 7 2006 	Disappointing	I booked a suite at the Beekman to use to get ready for my wedding and as the hotel for our wedding night. I had visited the hotel before booking to check out the suites and they seemed nice, although I was obviously shown the nicest suite they have, but booked into a subpar room.I booked a Queen Suite through Quikbook. Upon my arrival, they directed me to an entrance down the street - not exactly what I had expected. Then the keys didn't work. With my wedding dress and flowers in tow, it was obvious that I was there for my wedding, and this room wouldn't do. John the bellman quickly took care of getting me a suite in the main building, and he was very pleasant and helpful with getting all of my stuff into the room.The suite was much smaller than I expected. It was also very warm - the AC was not working as well as it should. This became very obvious when my bridal party, hairdresser and makeup person came over and we were all sweating, especially now that the suite was more crowded. We had to open the windows to cool the place off.The day of my wedding was in the 60s and fairly humid. I returned to the room after the wedding to find the AC had been turned off, and the heat cranked up high! It was unbearably hot (and killed any wedding night romance!). The staff promised us a portable air conditioner which never arrived. We had to make do with a fan. We got no sleep and ended up checking out very early. It was very disappointing, as we were looking forward to having a romantic morning with breakfast in bed.The room was very outdated and needs renovations, especially when they are charging $300 a night. There were also no utensils provided in the kitchen - I had to run to the deli to get some plastic knives and forks. Also, room service will not provide wine or champagne - I had to run to a liquor store to get some celebratory champagne.I'm from NYC and I didn't mind the location, though some may be off-put by being in a more residential area. The M50/M27 crosstown bus is just across the street, which can connect you to most tourist areas or subway stops to get you around town.All in all, I was very disappointed with the Beekman. The heat was unbearable, and I didn't get any special treatment after I told them I was there for my wedding - a bottle of champagne or flowers would have been a nice touch.	
Oct 24 2006 	Deceptive Website	Since we have been pleased with the one bedroom suites at the Beekman, we booked a studio queen suite on the website for a one night stay. We were dismayed to find a very small double bed in a room that was too small to hold a queen sized bed. The room would have been adequate for one person, but was too small for two -- small enough so that it was difficult to get into the bed. When we complained, we were told that queen suites may have either a double or queen bed, but this is not clear from the website. The room was significantly overpriced for what it was.	
Oct 21 2006 	Fantastic hotel - great value	We stayed at the Beekman for a week at the end of September, and were thoroughly impressed from the moment we arrived. We booked our rooom through lastminute for £125 a night, which was excellent value for what we got. I can understand some reviewers who paid much more for their rooms not being quite as impressed as we were with the Beekman, it is a little dated and not in the same class as some of the big 5* hotels, but if you can get a cheap rate like we did, it really is fantastic value.Having read other reviews on this site, we asked when checking in if we could have a room on a higher floor, both to avoid street noise, and to get the great views. The staff were unbelievably helpful, and went out of their way to get a higher floor suite ready for us, even though this meant upgrading us at no extra cost (we had booked a studio suite, and were upgraded to a full suite). I would definitely recommend doing this, as the views from our room were fantastic (see pics attached). Our suite was bigger than some of the flats we've lived in in London - really amazing, and spotlessly clean, with huge living room and dining area, full kitchen, bedroom and bathroom, and loads of storage space - very handy for all the shopping! The decor is a bit dated, and the hotel is probably in need of a refurb, but considering the price we paid, we were more than happy. I'm sure if it had been refurbed it would be at least twice the price.We really liked the location, the neighbourhood was lovely, and didn't feel too busy or touristy. There are lots of great bars and restaurants right nearby on 2nd Ave, and we would definitely recommend Pescatore, a decent Italian restaurant less than 5 mis away, along with other reviewers. It was only about a 10 min walk into Mid-town, and less to the subway on Lexington, which was very handy. Also, if you're new to NYC (as we were), ask at reception for a map, which we hardly ever put down it was so useful!We had cocktails at the Top of the Tower resaurant, and it was worth it for the views (although they weren't really any better than those from our room!), but it was a bit 'cheesy', and dated. We didn't eat there though - it was quite pricy, and there are so many great restaurants nearby it didn't seem worth it.All in all we had a fantastic stay, and really can't fault the Beekman Tower at all - the staff were great, and really couldn't do enough to help, and for the price we paid, it far exceeded anything we expected. A few tips for any NYC first timers:The 'top of the rock' observation deck on the top of the Rockefeller Centre was fantastic - much less busy than the Empire State Building, and a huge roof area at the top is open, so much more space too. Views are amazing, and the building (inside &amp; out) is incredible. Also, don't miss the Anish Kapoor Sky Mirror installation which is infront of the Rockefeller centre at the moment.For any fellow Woody Allen fans, definitely go to Elaine's restaurant on the upper east side, which features in Manhatten and various other of his films, really great service, nice 'homely' food, although we were a bit disappointed not to see the man himself! Also, Riverview Terrace where Woody and Diane Keaton watch the sun come up togther in Manhatten is just a few blocks up from the Beekman Tower, by the Queensboro bridge, and a great photo op!As for shopping, you can't do better than Century 21 (opposite the WTC site) - amazing high end designer clothes so cheap it's mind boggling.	
Oct 13 2006 	comfortable hotel in a residential neighborhood	Just returned from 3 nights at the Beekman Tower. I was very tired of spending $300 a night at midtown hotels for a room the size of a cell, or inhabited by seemingly thousands of fellow travelers. This hotel offers a lovely respite from the intensity of NYC, in a residential neighborhood, although the location near the UN may not be ideal if you need to be midtown. However it is at 49th street, so far enough uptown for me. Cabs are readily available at all hours. My little suite was like an apartment complete with living room, couch, TV, complete galley kitchen, and bedroom and bath. Clearly in need of renovation, however immaculately clean, complete with high end toiletries. A nice sized fitness center, and the staff is unfailingly helpful and polite. I felt extremely comfortable here, and would return, especially if staying for more than one night. At $250 a night, a great weekday value.	
Oct 6 2006 	Good hotel good location	We stayed at the Beekman Towers at the end of a touring holiday taking us from Boston thru New England then onto Niagara Falls before getting a train to New York. We were mainly sightseeing in New York and we wanted a reasonably priced hotel in a convenient location. The Beekman seemed to fit the bill in theory and surpassed our expectations in reality.We were very impressed with the friendly and helpful staff. It was in a pretty good location - convenient for subway (under 10 min walk). 10 to 20 min walk to many points of interest - 5th Ave / Broadway / Times Square / Central Park. We had 1 bed suite (which included separate kitchen / longe area) on the 9th floor. Kitchen had fridge/freezer, dishwasher, microwave. We would have given the hotel an excellent rating (rather than good) if the rooms had a 'newer' feel - they looked slightly 'tired' and could have benefited from some re-decoration - although to be fair, everything was very clean and tidy. Can't comment on the food in the hotel as we ate out for both breakfast and dinner - as there were many good restaurants nearby. The 'Top of the Tower' cooktail bar on 26th floor was excellent - good views and friendly staff. We would defintely stay here again.We booked thru Skoosh (first time we had tried them) - and everything was handled very well - and very good price for the room - far cheaper than booking direct with the hotel.	
Oct 3 2006 	spacious digs in NYC	We stayed at the Beekman Towers for 4 nights in April 2006. It was walking distance to many restaurants and seemed to have a lot of locals and internatioinal visitors (it's next to the U.N.) in the area. Our room was basically a 1 bedroom apartment with a separate living area (including sofa bed) and kitchen. It was not luxurious, but very clean and had absolutely everything you needed - desk, coffee table, 2 TVs, 2 closets.We couldn't get the radiator to work quite right, but it was OK because the windows opened. We didn't need to call the hotel to help us out, we just regulated the temperature by opening and closing the windows! There was a nice breeze our entire stay :) The hotel is in kind of a quiet area so noise wasn't an issue.It wasn't super close to any of the major attractions, but central to everything. Central Park one day, Yankee stadium the next, nightclub in the Meatpacking District, play on 42nd street (Awake and Sing! was an excellent drama), shopping in Chinatown. Next visit, we'll hit the museums and maybe Shea Stadium :)We loved the convenience of sandwiches at the little market across the street (we couldn't find any restuarants open late Sunday night near the hotel), and the Indian restaurant about a block away. We had a drink in the bar on the top floor, just to enjoy the view.We booked last minute and paid over $300/night but the Beekman Tower is a steal at any price below $200.	
Sep 30 2006	Very Bad	Horrible experience here- I had stayed at other Affina hotels and I thought that they were a great deal. It is clear that they have not updated this place in a very long time. The carpet was dirty and had burn marks in it. The room smelled old and like smoke. Not convenent to a subway. And worst of all there is no lighting in the rooms- I felt like I was in a cave!	
Sep 27 2006 	In a word -- appalling	I spent two horrible nights in the Beekman during the United Nations General Assembly, a time when the hotel was packed and also chose to hike its nightly rate to $409 (before tax). They put me in the East Wing, which is part of the same building but has a separate entrance. I opened to door to my ground floor junior suite and was almost knocked over by the stale smell. The room was not particularly clean. The next thing to strike me was the noise. My room backed onto the main air conditioning system, which produced a level of noise you normally hear in the cramped berths of passenger ferries. I went to the front desk and reminded them that I'd requested a quiet room. &quot;The only ones we have left are on 1st Avenue and they're horrifically noisy,&quot; admitted the woman behind the desk with a smile. I did not sleep well that first night. I slept even worse the second night because the lower sheet was too small for the bed and kept riding up as I tossed and turned. I couldn't even seek relief in the restaurant the next morning because although it was supposed to open at 7, when I got there at 7.45 it was still shut because of &quot;staffing problems&quot;. The doors opened shortly afterwards and the first thing I saw was two of the staff arguing. Staffing problems is right. My total bill for two nights and two mediocre breakfasts was more than $1,000. I will never return to this decrepit hotel, which needs a major renovation and a complete change in attitude.	
Sep 23 2006 	Go Beekman Go!	After trawling through countless hotel reviews, the Beekman Tower hotel appeared to have the best balance of quality and cost. I can happily report that my wife and I were not dissappointed. Everything lived up to expectations. Very pleasant and good size room for NY, with a handy little kitchen to boot! All was clean and in good condition. The rooftop bar is great for sundowners with views over the city. The location is slightly off the beaten track, close to the UN buildings, but it's an easy walk to Lexington Ave metro stations. (About 4 to 5 blocks).Great stay all round. Our room was on the lower floors and therefore had no view (we stared out at the wall of the adjoining building!). Would suggest requesting a room on the higher floors if you'll be spending a lot of time in the room.	
Sep 5 2006 	Off the Beaten Path in a Good Way	I had my wedding at the restaurant at the top of the Beekman and stayed at the hotel for several nights, as did many members of my extended family. The staff was very helpful and accomodating and I was very satisfied with the rooms. You have to remember that this is NYC, and in any major city, unless you are staying at the Ritz, the rooms are going to be somewhat older/smaller than in smaller towns. That being said, I think the rooms are perfectly adequate, and were very clean. I also like that the hotel is a bit further away from the Times Square/theater district. It makes it much quieter and less aggravating, and it is just a short cab/subway ride away from any attraction that you might care to see. The restaurant on top of the hotel was very pretty and had an art deco theme. There are several other nice restaurants reasonably close to the hotel. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 17 2006 	Wonderful Place in NYC	My wife and I have stayed at the Beekman several times and have always loved it!It has a nice, cozy, friendly feel to it. It has a rooftop restaurant which is a wonderfully romantic place to escape to at night (admittedly, expensive, but hey, it's New York). On the upper floors, it is quiet.The rooms are large and you can book a suite with a kitchen. This Summer, we stayed there with two teenagers (17 and 15). The one bedroom suite with a hide-a-bed and rollaway was perfect (particularly for the price!). In addition, we saved on some of the NYC-sticker shock by having breakfasts and snacks in the room.We did have a problem with the air conditioning on one visit (not the most recent), but we have not had any issues with the service and they tried to fix it (the air conditioning in the living room worked, so we just slept there on that visit).The location is a bit off center, but New York City is fairly large and it seems like most places are close to some things and far from others. The UN is handy (of course, unless your a diplomat there are only so many times you can go there). In the end in NYC, it always seems like you end up walking a lot. On the plus side, right across the street there are a deli/grocery store and a liquor/wine store.This is a great place for couples, groups of friends and families! I agree with the people who have commented that it probably isn't the best place for a single business traveler. We noted the oddity about the phone/fax machine that one of the reviewers has mentioned (but who uses those now?) and they don't have a business center.We'll definitely return!!	
Aug 7 2006 	Great Place to Stay	I travelled to New York with my two children aged 13 and 18 and was hoping for a comfortable base to explore the city. I found the Beekman Towers to be everything I had looked for. The hotel was easy to find on foot. It is about 10 mins walk from Grand Central Station. The suite was beautifully furnished and very comfortable with plenty of space ( we got a free upgrade on arrival). The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would certainly rebook if we find ourselves in New York again.There is a nice all day restaurant across the road (Nations Cafe) which has a great breakfast menu.The only note of caution - think twice before using the hairdryer provided, it blew a fuse in the suite and when I rang reception they knew it had been the hairdryer before I told them!Ruth - Dublin , Ireland	
Jul 25 2006 	Great for family stay	Beekman Tower is a great choice for families of three or more that need to stay at a suite at a reasonable rate. We booked through their website and got a very competitive rate. The one bedroom suites are amazingly roomy and come with a kitchen. This hotel has not been renovated in a few years but is still very clean and cozy. If you are just looking for a room, you will probably find better choices at other hotels. It is right next to the UN and a 15 minute walk to the nearest subway station-some people might decide that the 15 mintue walk is too much-we found it to be perfect because the walk is through a very beautiful residential neighborhood. You might want to consider the bus since you get to see the city while getting to your destination. There are three bus routes that pass by the hotel. There are a number of great restaurants within 4 blocks of the property. The rooftop bar offers great views...go there for a drink but avoid the food...not worth it.	
Jul 21 2006 	2 star hotel	This is a two star hotel not a four star! Wery old and sad rooms. We changed room during our stay but they was al the same. Hotel decides what temperature it’s in your room and they like it warm...Ok, it’s cheap and our one bed room suite was very big. Location is a litle bit off. We moved to Crowne Plaza at the U.N. after four nights. Smal rooms but up to date. Clean. Effective air-condition.	
Jun 27 2006	I wish I could say I hated it	But I can't. For anyone traveling to NYC, you definitely need to give this hotel a try.My weekend trip to NYC started out badly. Some idiot state cop in some podunk Catskill town with nothing better to do decided he was going to hassle us because my travelling partner was african american. Fortunately, as disturbing as that incident was, if ended fine and that was the only bad part of the trip.Once arriving at the Beekman, things could not have been better.The Beekman is right at the corner of 1st avenue about 2 blocks north of the UN. This puts it at about a 3 block walk to the nearest Subway station but the streets seems safe and clean even at odd hours. The front-of-house staff was nice and very accomodating. We had reserved a junior Suite but because we also wanted a smoking room, we were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite. We were told we needed to exit the building, go up one entrace to the &quot;E&quot; tower and take that elevator up to the 5th floor. The &quot;lobby&quot;/entranceway to &quot;E&quot; tower is a bit stark (Scary might be a better term) but then the elevator opens with a bright blue and stainless steel gleam. We took the elevator to our so called &quot;room&quot;. An Apartment would have been a better description. The room was HUGE by any standard and absolutely cavernous by New York Standards. You entered through a brief hallway that opened up into a living room almost larger than mine at home. Off to the left was a small breakfast nook and to the left of that, a complete (and spotless) galley kitchen complete with stove, full-sized fridge, microwave, coffeemaker and sink. Utensils were utilitarian (Corning Corelle dishes) but all were perfectly clean. A toaster was hidden in one of the many cabinets and a couple saucepans and a frying pan were above the sink. Just off the living room was the single bedroom. It only contained a single full-sized bed but the couch in the livingroom was a pull-out bed. (I did hear that they charge $30 for a roll-away) The bath is small, but a nice fit. I was even able to find on-street parking right in front of the hotel.There is a small corner grocery right across the street and a more full-sized grocery a few blocks away. The formal hotel restaurant was closed for a private function, but Smith and Wollensky's steakhouse was only about 2 blocks away. Smaller, less formal places abound in that area. All-in-all a very clean, very large and VERY reasonably priced room. The only thing the Beekman lacks is location. We returned to Upstate NY very pleased with our stay (and taking care NOT to go through the Catskills) The trip was quicker through Scranton anyway!	
Jun 26 2006 	a pretty good deal!	I stayed at the Beekman Tower for several days in June 2006 for about $250/night (inc. taxes)--a pretty good deal in NYC these days, sadly. The hotel is in a safe, residential neighborhood, a stone's throw from the UN and Trump Tower. (If you're looking for a trendy neighborhood, this isn't your hotel.) There's a kitchenette in every room, and there's a deli across the street and a decent grocery a few blocks away; the food court at Grand Central station is in walking distance. I didn't try the room service, the newish restaurant, or the gym (I didn't actually know they had a gym til I got there). The service was very friendly and housekeeping kept the place very clean. I asked for a newspaper to be delivered, which they forgot to do, but not a big deal.I was by myself, so the room was big enough, with a comfy bed and a choice of hypoallergenic, wheat or feather pillows. There's a large closet, with double mirrors, an iron and ironing board, and more than enough wooden hangers (yeah!). The room could have used a sofa and a desk, but there was a dining table w/4 chairs and a comfy chair; I rearranged the room and used the bedside table as a small table and sat in the comfy chair. The kitchen was well-stocked, with a mini-microwave, some pots and pans, coffee maker, fridge, and a toaster, all within reach for short me. The a/c is adjustable, and the windows opened (another yeah).A couple of quibbles. They had no nonsmoking rooms in the main tower, so they put me in the 2nd tower, which has an entrance several doors from the reception area, so it felt a bit isolated. The room could use some spiffing up, esp. the carpet, visibly worn in several places, and the ceiling, ditto. The toilet wouldn't flush unless you held the handle down for a while, and there was a mildewy mat stuck to the bathtub floor, with a second (not much cleaner) mat to toss over it. The kitchen light worked only when turned off and on several times, and the gauze curtains could use a serious cleaning--better yet, a discarding. other than those problems, however, I'd definitely recommend the BTH!	
Jun 19 2006	Beekman . . . it's great man!	I defy anyone to get a better hotel for the price in NYC. This wonderful art deco building has a great cafe/grill and the top of the tower restaurant gives breathtaking views whilst enjoying a meal or a cocktail.The first thing you will notice is the friendly staff at check-in. And I mean friendly. A frequent visitor to NYC, most of the time staff treat you like a bad headache. Beekman's staff are superb. We had a 3rd floor suite, twin bedroom, spacious lounge and lovely lounge with a super fold out bed. Again, for Manhattan an amazing floor space for the price and the rooms are tastefully decorated and very clean.You are only a 5 minute walk to NYC's most vibrant area - the bar's and restaurants on 2nd avenue are a world away from the rip off's in Time Square. The hotel's location may seem a little distant. I would say it is Manhattan's best location. A 7 dollar taxi or short walk to the Waldorf Hotel to catch the tour bus and Manhattan is your's to explore, knowing you can return to a quieter 'oasis' at Beekman Tower.Great value, enjoy your stay.	
Jun 1 2006	Excellent Service Better than Expected!	Loved the personal attention! Stayed for 7 days. Checked in and got 3rd floor right below a bus stop, which was rather noisy as the buses pulled away. Room was nice but decided that a higher floor would be better. Front desk called right after we checked in and we asked if they had a higher floor. He said that the hotel was sold out for the night but they would try to find another room for us tomorrow. We were pleasantly surprised when they called the next morning and moved us to the 15th floor. The room was much larger and very quiet. This particular room had a table for dining which we also used for our computers. What made this hotel stand out for us, besides the size of the room, was the friendly service we received. Everyone was very helpful and attentive to all our needs. They made our first trip to New York City a wonderful experience. We would, with no hesitation, stay at the Beekman again!	
May 3 2006	The Beekman Sauna!!	Stayed at the Beekman Hotel for 3 nights because of the rave reviews on this site. There is a however a fundamental problem about this hotel which does not get a mention. The heating and air con system in the rooms is not adjustable at all and your therefore can not turn off the heating and the air con if it exists, does not work when the heating system is on. I complained about this and was told that &quot;the system is very old and is controlled centrally and depends upon the complaints of guest as to whether it is on or off&quot;  This is New York believe it or not!!  I ended up placing copies of the New York telephone directory over the airvents to reduce the heat output, having concluded that the noise after opening the windows was unbearable.  Apart from that, the hotel was acceptable but in need of a refurb, which I suppose is reflected in the discounted price on offer. The staff were friendly and helpful . The location is fine with lots of good restaurants nearby.	
May 2 2006	Wonderful stay...	My first stay in Beekman Tower: great rooms, smal kitchen but with dishwasher and coffe machine daily refilled.A bath a little small but overall very clean= .Housekeeper efficient.Desk agents very friendly and the restaurant (in the lobby) is not so expensive and food is of a good quality.Two tv in the room made us happy one in front of the bed the other near the couch: excellent comfort even at 11 floor the sight was poor but nights are very very silent.I reccomend this hotel.Warning to tourists ( as i was) : the closest subway station is about 500 mt far so keeep in mind whe planning you visit.	
Apr 30 2006	Where did all the helpful people go?	After reading all the reviews on Trip Advisor, I thought the hotel and staff would be fabulous. They weren't, although my experience was more average than horrible. To start they couldn't check me in early, saying that this East side hotel in a residential neighborhood completely sold out on the night before, a Wednesday. I find that hard to believe but I didn't say anything because they really don't have an obligation to accomodate me. I told them I had a teleconference in a few hours and asked if they had a business center. They said they didn't, and the conversation ended there. Absolutely no offer of help. However, the bellman (Henry?) saw my predicamant and told me where the nearest Kinko's is. One other point of how unhelpful the desk staff was is that when asked about amenities that were printed in black and white in the hotel guide in my room they treated me like I was making things up. In several places it said, &quot;Your room is equipped with a printer/copier/fax machine,&quot; and &quot;All suites are equipped with a printer/copier/fax machine,&quot; along with instructions on how to use it. When I called down to ask about this (my room was a suite) I was told both that my suite wasn't big enough to be equipped with one, and that they took them out of all suites a while back. And when I went down to the restaurant for lunch during the hours printed in the guide, it was closed and the desk staff said that the hours were for room service (which is provided by the diner across the street). Overall, I'd like to know where all the helpful, friendly people are. Also, a fair warning to business travelers or people who might need to do any work at all: this hotel is not geared toward business travelers.	
Apr 26 2006	Wonderful!	We stayed at the Beekman Tower for a long weekend at the end of April. We can only agree with the other reviews.The suite (6 C) was huge. We were expecting a large suite but this was really more than expected. It included a full kitchen that even had a dish washer (and yes: detergent was included). It had a master bathroom and a separate half bath. The staff was nice in a sincere way. No problem checking out a couple of hours after check-out time. The only thing that we were less happy about was that our room was on the 6th floor. We had requested a higher floor. However, the bedroom window was turned towards a quiet street so after closing the doors to the bathroom and living-/dining room we hardly heard any traffic.	
Apr 17 2006	Good for a family	My family and I stayed at the Beekman Tower Hotel for 8 days just before Easter Sunday. We were three adults and two teenagers, so we had two rooms, with connecting doors. The rooms were small,especially with a rollaway in one of them, but each had a kitchen and a bath, which we needed. Probably could have used another bathroom at times. Housekeeping was good; rooms cleaned and fresh towels every day.The heat was uncomfortable for sleeping until we realized that the windows could be opened (with much effort). The elevators were efficient, considering that the hotel is 26 stories high, and full. But those with a view said it was great. Public transportation right in front of the hotel,the neighborhood is upscale, the staff is pleasant and helpful and we'd probably try to stay there again when we need to.Tip: Don't miss the view from the 26th floor. Makes it all worth while.	
Apr 6 2006 	Amaing Value!	This was my second time to stay with the Beekman Tower!, and again, it was excellent! I arrived late in the evening, but was given an upgrade to a HUGE Suite, that was not only spacious, but very nice, with great views of Midtown, and the East River(16th. floor). Everyone from the front desk(Michael, and the other front desk agents), to housekeeping, to the restaurant was really great and friendly. I love their staff!! I love this hotel, it's location, and THE FACT THAT IT IS LOCATED IN THE MOST AMAZING CITY ON EARTH, NYC, WHICH I WILL BE MOVING TO THIS FALL! I highly recommend this hotel!	
Mar 27 2006 	Good value a little out of the way	I stayed here several days on a business trip, paying about $180 thru Hotels. The room was huge and included a kitchenette which I used for breakfast and midnight snack. Housekeeping and reception was outstanding.One obvious drawback: the hotel is not especially well-located for a business trip, although except in rush hour the crosstown bus (stops less than 1 block from hotel) is quick. The nearest subway stop is several blocks, not something to do with luggage.One disappointment: the mattress was well past its prime.	
Mar 18 2006	Not too bad	After hearing bad reviews on this site about another hotel we made reservations at, I decided to give this hotel a try. The reviews were good, but the main thing was the price. No, it's not the Waldorf, but for $165. a night, I was not complaining. The staff was very nice. There was this one bellman who was always extra nice to us. When I left they asked if everything was to my liking. It was nice to have someone be nice to you when it seems the whole city is either rude or very impatient (I had a street vendor in China Town call me &quot;stupid&quot; because I wanted to open up his t-shirts to see what they looked like). I know the city is fast paced, but when it seems like no one in New York cares, the Beekman's staff seemed to always smile when we walked into the doors. The housekeeping was great too. They even washed the dishes once for us. The room was very quiet! We were in the corner and I only heard the people next door to us once when they closed the door. Having a room quiet is very important for me. I booked our trip with a well known website and the pictures they showed us didn't look like the room we got. The kitchen was smaller, as was the bathroom. I liked having a kitchen because we bought cereal from a market around the corner and ate in our room every morning. For cost reasons, this is the way to go. The location was nice.....right next to the United Nations and it was mostly residental. I requested a high floor the day before we checked in and I got the 12th floor out of 26 floors. I also took the advice of a previous guest and told them that it was an anniversary and they left us a nice note and some chocolates and Pelligrino water. Nice gesture. Overall, I would recommend this nice hotel, and I am a picky person. Believe me, I don't recommend places often.	
Mar 18 2006	BEEK-tacular! Superb stay at the Beekman Tower	I have to say, researching NYC hotels before booking on Expedia.ca really paid off. Because I read all the TripAdvisor Beekman reviews, there were no surprises. These reviews give you a really good idea of what to expect. My wife and I stayed for 4 nights/5 days, which worked out to about $200 Canadian per night. I'll try to summarize some highlights:1. We arrived at the hotel about 5 hours before check-in time, and yet they gave us a room right away. 2. Our room was quite large. Not as large as some of the other descriptions on this site, but it still exceeded our needs. 3. What a bonus to have a kitchen in your NY hotel suite! (see picture). The kitchen came equipped with a mini-fridge, oven, stove-top, dishwasher, plates/bowls, microwave oven, and knives/forks/spoons (among other things). It was nice to have a coffee-maker as well, which was stocked with ground coffee bean packets. There is even an ironing board and iron. 4. I did not expect to get a room safe free of charge. 5. The lobby makes a great first impression (see picture), and our room was nice and clean. 6. Hotel staff were so friendly and accommodating. Hats off to the door-men and desk-staff, who knew we had questions before we even asked them.7. I loved the location. The hotel is East of midtown, so you're quite close to many of the major NYC sights. Aside from the UN headquarters, you're close to the Chrysler building (see picture) and Grand Central Terminal (see picture). I don't quite understand other reviewers who say the Beekman is 'out of the way'. Grand Central is about a 10 minute walk away (or less), and no more than 15 minutes to Times Square. It would be even faster if there weren't so many red lights getting in the way. If you don't like lots of walking, then you should reconsider NY as your trip destination. I'm not sure how one could truly experience NY without exploring by foot.8. Our flight left in the evening, so we inquired about the check-out process. Front desk said they could add a couple of hours to our check-out time, which was nice - but we didn't need to do this. We just checked out early, and had the staff safely store our luggage in the lobby (something I had read about here). I can't really think of anything negative about the Beekman that sticks out in my mind. I will mention that food in the hotel is overpriced, but that's no surprise. They leave a room-service menu in your hotel room, and everything is abusrdly expensive (they add on different charges in addition to the cost of the food items). I should also mention that we were hardly in our room. Typically we left the hotel by 7:30AM, and would be back by 10PM. So if there were other problems, perhaps we weren't around long enough to discover them - but I doubt it. Other tips not relating directly to the Beekman: * There is a free walking tour of Grand Central Terminal every Wednesday at 12:30PM at the info kiosk - it's 1 1/2 hours long, and very thorough. * Go to the ticket kiosk at Duffy Square (which is in Times Square) to get big discounts on Broadway shows (mostly Off-Broadway shows) - we got 50% off Slava's SnowShow and 50% off the Altar Boyz - but you can only purchase for 'day-of' performances. * There are many cheap or free performances at Juilliard. * Try to visit the Empire State Building just before the sun sets - this way you can see Manhattan during the day and at night (the nighttime view is spectacular).* Don't waste your time or money with the CNN studio tour. It is a let-down, and you don't see much of anything (they mostly have you watch a bunch of videos).* If you want to save some money, and your flight is at LaGuardia, you can take public transit. Just look for the M60 bus - it costs $2 per person in change (they do not take bills). Once you're at 125th St., you can get off at Lexington Ave. - head southbound/downtown on the Lexington subway line (you have to pay another $2 each) and get off at 51st St. or Grand Central Terminal. Now you just have to walk East for about 10-15 minutes along 49th street before you arrive at the Beekman. Taking public transit may not be for you if you have a lot of luggage. Also, the transfer you make at 125th and Lexington did not feel like the safest place (it is Harlem afterall). I'm not sure you'd want to be there at night waiting for the bus or subway. And the M60 bus is quite full during rush hour.	
Mar 10 2006 	Best Value in New York City	I used to have to travel to NYC on a regular basis and the Beekman quickly became my favorite place to stay. Spacious, affordable suites, great staff, good location and I love the Art deco style. For the business travler, you don't feel isolated as the suites are like aprtments. The staff is super helpful as I did a lot of interviewing and held meetings there.The also have a 13th floor which I found cool. The bar upstairs has amazing views of the river and Manhattan.	
Mar 10 2006	convenient	There's nothing I can really rave about or complain about when it comes to the Beekman. I stayed over a 4 week period in Jan-Feb 2006 as I was in NY on long business trip. I needed an apartment-hotel and I got an apartment-hotel!The room I had on the 8th floor was huge. It was bigger than most apts I have seen in NY - huge living/dining room, lots closet space, etc. For the price ($199 USD - special government employee rate - I think!), it was well worth it. Having a full kitchen (stove, microwave, fridge, dishwasher, toaster, cutlery, dishes, etc.) was a definite plus. The old green carpet and classic old furniture was ok. Two television sets (one in bedroom, one in L.R.) with a good selection of channels was also pretty good. The service was not bad. I never received a newspaper in the morning but a Newsweek would appear in my room once a week. The cleaning service was done daily and impecably. I just wish they didn't shut the armoir holding the TV everyday - but I never said anything. The front desk service was also ok. The gym onthe 2nd floor was small (coverted hotel room!) but had the necessities. There weren't a lot of users so I was able to do my thing without too many hassles.What did I not like? I hated being in Midtown East Side. There is really nothing going on there... Except the for the sketchy Deli across the street with over a dozen security cameras (there were always a bunch of Asian guys in suits whispering in a corner of the store), there isn't much action in the UN diplomatic area of Manhattan. The restaurant on the top floor had great views but was too expensive for the quality and service. I ate there once! I had bad wireless internet service for a couple of days and the tech support was not of great help but that isn't really the hotel's fault... I guess that's all I can say other than it was worth the price but I think I would rather stay at better located and nicer hotels next time...	
Mar 10 2006	Great Hotel	Having read so many good revievs on this hotel on this site I was still impressed with the level of service provided by the staff at The Beekman Towers. we spent four nights there and while the first two were in a different suite on the bottom floor which was spacious but dark. I complained about a noise that woke me on the second night and as they explained to me that it was the heat and probably would happen again set us up in a slightly smaller (but more standard) room on the 15th floor. Beautiful view and very comfortable bed ( i was 7 1/2 mths pregnant) Pillows galore, they have several kinds to choose from. Very courteous doormen and wonderful cafe/deli across street that had great food at reasonable prices. The kitchenette was huge and we used it to heat leftovers from the night before when we were just too tired from seeing all the sights to go out again. What a life saver!! Pregnant as I am it was not that bad a walk to all the sights on times square and Rockefeller Center. All in all if and when we go back it will be to the beekman! Highly recommended! Not fancy but Comfortable!	
Mar 2 2006	Hidden Gem	I stayed at the Beekman Tower in Mid-February. When I'm in Manhattan I always try to stay at hotels on the East side of town, it tends to be a little quieter there.The Beekman is a great art deco building and I was able to get a mini-suite for two nights. The decor in the room is a little old. For instance, in the sitting room area, the carpet was a little worn as was the sofa-bed. However, everything was clean and fairly well-maintained. The staff is first-rate. They are prompt with their assistance and very friendly.I also had the advantage of a nice view of the East River from the 18th floor.The Beekman may be a little out of the way for some (1st Ave. a couple blocks up from the UN), but if you like a part of Manhattan that is less crowded and less hectic, the Beekman is the way to go.	
Feb 22 2006	A Fantastic Friendly Hotel	We've just returned from 4 nights at the Beekman, and I can't sing it's praises enough!The hotel is in a great location near the United Nations. Our room had beautiful views over the East river, and there are plenty of amenities nearby - a handy little grocery store across the street, a broad range of lovely restaurants and delis a short walk away, and only 10 minutes stroll from Rockerfeller, 5th Ave and Grand Central Station. It's all really close, yet it's far enough away to feel like you're away from the hustle and bustle of NY.The hotel lobby is decorated in an art-deco style. Fresh flowers and chilled music really added to the ambience of the place, making it feel welcoming on arrival.We had a 2 bedroom suite for 4 people. Both bedrooms were a good size - one with a double bed and large bathroom, the second with a massive king size and slightly smaller bathroom. A well equipped kitchen area and good sized dining space, plus a good sized seating area and a very comfortable sofa bed in the lounge. There was also an additional small bathroom in the hallway. The beds were very comfortable and they offer a range of pillows for your comfort.The decor is more traditional than chic and modern, but tastefully done (if a tiny little bit worn around the edges on the sofa, for example). But the room was very clean and housekeeping excellent. Staff were very professional and nothing was too much trouble. Housekeeping was very good (toiletries very nice!), and they were happy to help with anything we asked and were friendly at all times. The complimentary wine and chocolates were also a lovely touch!Other reviewers have mentioned problems with windows and heating. We found the lounge area a little cold, but mainly because it was such a large space! The windows we found fine, although a little stiff, needing two of us to open them. But no problems with noise.The cocktail lounge at the top is lovely, especially in summer, I imagine. In winter though, with the windows closed, not as special as I'd hoped! The cocktails were good, but the menu limited (wine list good though) and at $14 a cocktail, we thought pricey but is apparently going rate in NY (we found drinking expensive wherever we went!).Overall, a great hotel, especially for a slightly longer stay, as the kitchen makes catering for yourselves a handy convenience.	
Feb 17 2006	Tremendous Value	My wife and I stayed at the Beekman for 4 nights starting Feb 11th. We stayed in a 1 Bedroom suite on the 17th floor which was definately worth the £115 per night rate. The room was fantastic and clean with a huge sitting room, and a bedroom with a great corner view of 1st Ave/50th Street. The Kitchen was very useful and well stocked with appliances (Microwave, dishwasher, cooker etc). The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. As has been said it is a few blocks to the 51st Street/Lexington subway but it only takes about 10 minutes to walk there (if that). The UN building is a within easy walking distance of the hotel, which is why I guess lots of diplomats stay there. Diagonally opposite the hotel is a great diner which serves excellent breakfasts. There is also a small grocery store opposite the hotel. I also found a much larger grocery store on 2nd Avenue, only a two minute walk from the hotel. All in all an excellent hotel, a real bargain, in a quiet but upscale neighbourhood.	
Jan 17 2006	Perfect place to stay in NY	I booked this hotel after reading reviews on various websites, including tripadvisor. It is a fantastic hotel, I can't think of a bad thing to say about it. The postition is fantastic. The subway is not really that far from the hotel, and we found we didn't use it much anyway as the hotel is walking distance from some of the main attractions. The room was HUGE by New York standards. The room was cleaned to perfection every day.... the cleaners even folded clothes that we had left out to dry!!! The room/hotel facilities are fantastic and the Top Of The Tower bar is a must. The view is superb as are the drinks. The hotel staff were amazing, always helpful, friendly. Everytime you would walk through the door they would ask how you were or wish you a nice day. I stayed there when the transport strike was on and they were so helpful with any information needed. I honestly can't say enought about how great this hotel is. I would recommend it to anyone!!	
Jan 4 2006	Needs an Update Good Service	We spent a night during Christmas week at the Beekman Towers. While we were impressed by the service, the rooms are dated and do not expect the most comfortable furnishings. In particular, our queen bed (which seemed a bit smaller than that) was extremely uncomfortable and provided for less than a restful night of sleep. The bedding was also not desirable - a thin blanket that you would see at a lesser property. Also, there was some street noise due to the age of the windows. On the plus side, although the bedroom was tiny, the separate living/dining room was great for the kids to spread out and enjoy. The service was quick and friendly. The kitchen was adequate.I don't think we would rush back to the Beekman. However, if you're looking for a large space at a good rate, you may want to consider it.	
Dec 31 2005	Huge rooms great for a family!	We stayed at the Beekman Tower for two nights the week after Christmas. We found great room rates through Travelzoo and were pleasantly surprised by the size of the suite for under $200 a night. We had a 1 bedroom suite which was great since we were traveling with our 9 year old. You can grab a few food items from the small, but pricey, grocery accross the street and the suite has a nicely equipped kitchen. Also on the same street are numerous quaint resaurants, wine shops, and even a McDonalds and Starbucks (necessities for both the 9yo and the adults!)The location is a bit off the beaten path but after the crowds at Rockefeller Cntr. and Times Sq. it was a nice break. Do be warned that the building is old and the windows let in a lot of street noise ( maybe this would be less if you were on a higher floor). All in all a great place to stay, especially if you are traveling with family!	
Dec 25 2005	Typical Affinia hotel and that's good	Had a one-bedroom suite here for $159 per night via Expedia, which was an excellent value. Same accomodation was $309 through the hotel's own reservation desk. Shop around before you book. The hotel told me they could not match the Expedia price.Rooms were spacious and very clean. Large living/dining room with a work desk, dining table and four chairs, sofabed/couch, TV, and one chair that wasn't especially comfortable. Bedroom was small but fine, with a soft bed and a choice of pillow types. TV and remote in the bedroom, along with a clock radio. Bathroom was oddly configured but good, with excellent water pressure, adjustable shower head and usual amenities. Kitchen was fully equipped with stove, full-size refrigerator, microwave and dishwasher, as well as table settings and silverware for four, along with cooking utensils. Complimentary coffee and tea were supplied with coffeemaker and toaster. There were two large closets.Two cautions about this hotel -- it is a remote location in a mostly residential neighborhood. The 49th Street crosstown bus stops just across the street and it's very handy to navigate those long blocks running east and west. It's a hike to the nearest subway and to most of the midtown attractions. There's a small deli/grocery across the street with uniformly high prices on everything.Also, the windows are not well-insulated and a lot of street noise invades. You'll hear truck traffic and sirens during the night, so that might be a concern for light sleepers. I could never seem to get the climate control adjusted and the room was chilly.The staff is friendly and does its best to accomodate guests.	
Dec 14 2005	Very good hotel	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Beekman for 3 nights in November. The staff were very helpful and got us a room with a good view.The view from the top of the tower is also very good.The room was good with everything you'd expect and very clean and tidy.We got a great deal and would definitely return.	
Dec 14 2005	Friendly Hotel.	My wife , 9yr old daughter and I , really enjoyed ourstay at this hotel.The accomodation was comfortableand tidy. Members of staff were extra helpful. Not too much trouble to make a call , with any enquiries youmight have , prior to visiting somewhere.We intend to visit this great city again. We will tryto make a reservation at Beekman Tower as first choice.	
Dec 9 2005	Truly Wonderful	It was our first trip to the &quot;Big Apple&quot;. I researched quite a bit and came up with the Beekman Tower through justnewyorkhotels[-]. It averaged $270.00 per night (with taxes &amp; fees) for a 1 bdrm suite. The apartment was much larger than what I expected. Kitchen, livingroom, dining room, bedroom with nice bath. We were in the east wing, which has 2 apts. to each floor. Our own private entrance. It was like being a resident in this wonderful neighborhood for a week.The staff at the Beekman are absolutely &quot;The Best&quot;. I was in the hotel hospitality industry for many years and would hire any one of the employees in this organization. The location is also &quot;The Best&quot;. You have to walk a few blocks up to Park or 5th Ave, but taxi's are readily available outside of the hotel. This is a very established and exclusive area. There are a lot of diplomatic residences due to the United Nations a block away. At 1 Beekman Pl., is where Patrick Dennis's real &quot;Auntie Mame&quot; lived as well as many famous people. Walter Cronkite lives across the street at the United Nations Plaza. We would go for walks at night and never feel uncomfortable.The Nation's Cafe across the street is great, there are numerous restaurants on 2nd Ave.Please enjoy the Beekman, the neighborhood and NYC.	
Nov 30 2005	An enjoyable stay	My wife and I stayed at the Beekman Tower for five nights and could not fault this hotel. Staff are helpful and friendly rooms are well furnished and clean. The Top of the Tower restaurant has an excellent view the menu is limited to four or five dishes and is quite expensive at $200 for a steak for me and a chicken dish for my wife. We also had starters, a sweet and a bottle of wine. It had been a long day shopping and we did'nt want to do any more walking. There is an excellent cafe opposite called the Nations and we had breakfast there every morning. Also across the street is a deli and a wine store. We found the Beekman an excellent base for shopping and site seeing and would use it again.	
Nov 28 2005	Nice Place for the Price	This hotel is probably a three star hotel, but I gave it four stars based on the price I paid ($159 per night - Orbitz), and the friendly staff. We had a huge studio room in the eastern annex, because we wanted a foldout couch for the kids. We had no view, but we had a kitchen and lots of room. The staff was very nice. The room was clean. The bathroom was small. The location is a bit far from the action, but the neighborhood is quiet and safe. The subway is a six block walk.	
Nov 26 2005	Well looked after	Spent 10 nights at the Beekman in Aug/September 05. Fantastic trip to new york, made even better by having this hotel as base. With this length of time we wanted space and the one bedroom suite here with separate bedroom and a kitchen was perfect. Also reasonable as got good deal going through Justnewyorkhotels.10 minute pleasant walk to grand central station. Always able to get cab though if wanted. The main thing to say I think was in respect of the service we got from the staff here who really looked after us from arrival through the ten days.The rooftop restaurant really is a must, (bit pricey for the food really) but frankly the setting is what you're paying for and it is fantastic.We were there during US Open tennis and some fairly big names were staying here, so clearly gets their approval as well. Hope to return.	
Nov 21 2005	home from home!	This was our 2nd stay at the Beekman in 1 year. The first trip was OK but the &quot;suite&quot; we had was tiny for us and our 2 kids. This time it was just the 2 of us, but we were given a huuuuuuge suite. The hotel and rooms are in need of serious updating, but they are adequate &amp; comfortable with all the amenities you need. The concierge even recognized us from the last time. There were many familiar faces which was very comforting! The suite was clean, not spotless - but satisfactory. The Beekman is in a lovely, safe neighborhood - we love it and feel very at home there.	
Nov 21 2005	Nice hotel nice staff will return	My wife and I recently stayed here on my 50th birthday. We live about 60 miles North of NYC, and I have been going to NYC for dining, concerts, sports, etc. regularly since I was a teenager. This was the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. The front desk staff could not have been nicer, and the view from our 18th floor room was beautiful, only to be outdone by the wiew from the top floor lounge. Room was clean and comfortable, and the kitchen was spotless. The furniture was not your standard cookie-cutter hotel furniture, it was really nice.  If you feel you must have that &quot;Big Chain Hotel&quot; feel,with waterfalls and fountains in the lobby, this hotel is not for you. But if you appreciate the attentive staff of a smaller hotel, you will enjoy your stay. Very nice art deco styling, and reasonably priced too!	
Nov 5 2005	Great stay	This hotel was the perfect haven during our hectic week-long tourist break in New York. The rooms were quiet, spacious and clean. We had a studio suite with a double bed and our teenage children had a twin room. There was some confusion over the rooms when we arrived but this was quickly sorted by the excellent front desk staff.The location is ideal: it's in a pleasant, mainly residential neighbourhood but close enough to all the main attractions (although the nearest subway is not close if that's important to you). If you want a big, bold, brash hotel in the middle of New York then don't stay here. If you want somewhere comfortable and relaxing with bigger than average rooms then you can't go wrong here!	
Oct 13 2005	Great hotel good location	My family and I stayed at this hotel while celebrating our 10 year anniversary, I had emailed the staff and they gave us a complimentary box of choccis and bubbly. The staff were very friendly and when our case got lost in transit they were very helpful. the view from the top resturaunt was out of this world but not very child friendly menu so we had a couple of drinks as recommended by others and ate elsewhere. the location was next to one of the trolley tour stops so it was helpful for us to get around although a brisk walk took us to Central Terminal and Empire State. Fantastis city for couple singles and families we will return	
Sep 27 2005	Couldn't have asked for more....	Rooms were spotlessly clean. Staff were extrememly helpful in every way - they organised a taxi to the airport for us, stowed our luggage unitl we neded it, made us a glorious picnic basket, advised us where to eat - wonderful food in Angelo's !!Air conditioning was more than efficient if a little noisy. Location marvellous - near enough to most main attractions to walk but buses available nearby and the subway only a few blocks away. We paid £300 for 5 nights which is brilliant value and we had a junior suite for that price. Kitchen was very useful !!Top of the Tower has a fantastic view and the cocktails are very, very strong!! Food looked great although we didn't eat there. Would recommend to anyone who is on a budget but has high standards (if the two are compatible!!) Those snobs who would only stay at the Waldorf or the Intercontinental Barclay are unlikey to receive better service than we did here. Loved it!!	
Sep 14 2005	What a location !	We stayed at the Beekman for 4 days at the end of July during New York's heat wave! Our room didn't get freezing cold but it did stay comfortable. I mean seriously when it is 105 outside how do you expect your room to stay at 70! The staff has to be THE friendliest I have ever dealt with! We had just gotten off of a cruise and decided to extend our vacation and I feel like I got better service from the Beekman than I did the cruise line. It was pretty much a 5 dollar cab ride to anywhere we wanted to go in New York and a reasonable walk to all the major attractions and shopping. I loved the Beekman and will definately stay again when I return in December! The room was large and although promised a King sized bed we received a queen. The room was very large and the kitchen was a great feature that I did use to store ice cream and take home food from the restaraunts. The Top of the World or tower? was delicious and had amazing views! The price was the best part of it all on top of the cleanliness of the room! Overall the best in New York for those on a budget!	
Sep 7 2005	Grat experience!	My husband and I stayed at the Beekman over Labor Day weekend. We had a great experience...the staff was very pleasant and efficient and our suite was very nice. We were upgraded for free to a large suite on the 23rd floor (we had originally booked the smallest and least expensive room available). The hotel is in a nice, relatively quiet part of Manhattan. It's a bit of a walk to the theater district/42nd street area but to me that's an advantage...in my opinion it's better to stay in a quieter, less tourist frequented area. I would definitely recommend the Beekman and would stay there again.	
Sep 2 2005	comfortable stay	My husband daughter [18] and myself spent 6 nights at the Beekman. We had a great time in New York. The Beekman Tower was ideal for us as our daughter had her own room. The staff are friendly and helpful [when we had a problem with the air conditioning help was prompt and efficient].We all loved the Radio City Music Hall Tour, and arranged prior to our visit a meeting with a Big Apple greeter which was informative, interesting and a good way to familiarise ourselves with the subway.	
Aug 28 2005	great return stay	Returned to the beekman for the second time this year, same super service, got upgrade to super suite on 21 floor, staff super as ever nothing to much trouble, shop around there are some great rates around for this hotel so have look around.	
Aug 14 2005	Good choice	We recently stayed a week at the Beekman Towers. We had a great time and would recommend this hotel. We arrived early, stored our luggage and went to a local street fair for a few hours. Upon our return we checked into a one bedroom suite on an upper floor. The rooms were large, more like an apartment than a NYC hotel. We had a separate bedroom with a tv in a large armoire, a full bath off the bedroom with bathtub and excellent water pressure, a living room with another tv and comfortable pull out sofa bed, and a full kitchen with full size refrigerator, range, microwave, toaster and all kitchen utensils. Our rooms were very clean, although a little beaten up (there was some peeling wallpaper on one of the walls and the edges of the sofa were a little ratty). Two minor concerns, neither of which affected our enjoyment of the room or the hotel,. A person sleeping in the living room on the sofa bed would need to go into the bedroom to use the bathroom. Also, there were no dressers or clothing storage areas in the living room except for a closet to hang clothes and that foldable rack to hold an open suitcase. Every day our rooms were spotlessly cleaned by the housecleaning staff. Although temps in the city were in the 90's, our rooms were always cool and comfortable. We never heard a sound from the street or any other rooms or in the hallway. All the staff we spoke with, as noted by others, were friendly and accommodating. We went online to the Affinia website, and found a promotional rate of $209 which included a daily continental breakfast in the Zephyr Grill and a welcoming cocktail at the Top of the Towers restaurant. The breakfast was appreciated. There was a decent selection of fresh fruit, juices, bagels, croissants, muffins, scones, yogurts, cereals, etc. The coffee was very strong. We generally had breakfast as a couple and brought a tray of food up to our sleeping teenager. We usually ate at the different areas we visited in the city, but locally can recommend the Nations Cafe across the street (which provides room service to the hotel) and Blockhead Burritos on Second Ave. Some have noted the location is not too convenient. We almost always took a city bus (with our unlimited MetroCards) downtown/crosstown. The buses we used were either right around the corner, or a block away on Second Avenue. We never waited more than five minutes for a bus, except for one evening coming home from Times Square. (Note, we did not travel by bus after about 10 p.m.) Although subways are quicker, we enjoyed &quot;sightseeing&quot; while on the city buses. Our bus drivers were generally courteous, helpful and almost always announced each stop. One morning a two year old with her nanny got on the bus. She sang the &quot;ABC&quot; song and the full bus burst in to spontanous applause after she finished. I don't know who was more surprised, us or the little girl. We found the NYC residents to be quite helpful to us tourists. One woman even went out of her way and ran after us to correct her earlier directions.  One suggestion - since checkout is at noon, we saved our tour of the United Nations until the last day. The tour is only about an hour, and the UN is only a block away. We woke up, ate, packed and then went on a 10 o'clock tour. We were able to get back to the hotel, freshen up, have a cool drink and check out before noon. We would definitely return to the Beekman Towers in the future.	
Aug 5 2005	Terrible	Air conditioner in room did not function properly. Staff was unresponsive to requests to fix the problem. Carpets in rooms were shabby and rooms were not cleaned properly	
Aug 1 2005	First Class Hotel	Loved the Beekman.We stayed at the Beekman Tower Hotel at the end of June/beginning of July 2005 for 10 nights. Having read reviews from other Trip Advisor members, we had high expectations and were not disappointed.We stayed in a one bedroom suite on the 4th floor overlooking first avenue, which was surprisingly quiet. We had a kitchen with cooker, microwave and fridgefreezer, a separate sitting area with sofa bed and a separate bedroom with double bed.The room was very clean and fresh towels and toiletries were provided on a daily basis. The door staff and ladies at reception were very courteous and friendly and after a long day sight seeing and shopping, it was nice to return to the comfort of the Beekman.Having stayed in New York previously, I cannot recommend the Beekman highly enough. This is an excellent hotel and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 17 2005	We loved it!	My family and I stayed at the Beekman in June 2005 duting the heatwave. The hotel was cool throughout it all. The suite was very clean if not a little dated. The bed was extremely comfortable and they offer several pillow varieties from which to choose.Our suite was on the 22nd floor and we had a small patio area and could see the East River and the Empire State Bldg.. Staff was very accomodating and we liked the location. It was very safe and not too far from bus or cabs. (Although on a regular workday don't expect to get a cab between 4-8pm and if you do get a cab, don't expect to move very quickly). It just wasn't that far to Grand Central Terminal -- afterall, you are in New York City and you will be walking. There is a groc /deli across the street and the Nations Cafe across the street that we highly reccommend for breakfast. It is a better value than the continental breakfast at the hotel.We ate at the Top of the Tower and it was great food, but not family friendly. Our kids did not want the full selection included for the meal and they adjusted our bill accordingly.I would definately stay here again.	
Jul 13 2005 	Old	Stayed here around graduation week as there was no other option. Room was old, smelly and with a dated kitchenette. Was a suite, but still small. Staff was very friendly and attentive, though. Restaurant looked interesting, but didn't try. Near UN and nothing else. Boring location.	
Jul 12 2005	Beekman Towers: Very Nice Stay	My wife and I had a lovely Saturday - Sunday stay at the Beekman Towers, on the East Side, blocks from the UN. The nice folks at the front desk upgraded us to a suite, with a balcony looking down 1st Avenue. The suite was wonderful. the kitchenette clean and tidy and room service was on time and prepared correctly, but a tad steep.Good neighborhood, a huge grocery / salad bar across the street and other conveniences within a block or two. Plenty of cabs, as it is away from subway lines.Besides the hotel we enjoyed great jazz at Smoke on the Upper West Side, art at the Frick Museum on 5th Avenue and a nice Sunday service at St Bart's on Park and 50th.A great 24 hour refresher on things that make NYC wonderful.	
Jul 3 2005	Trust Your Fellow Reviewers	Great place to stay in NYC. The only neg is that it is a little far from the subway( nearest station is Lex/51st), but with that comment out of the way, the rest of the story is quite positive. We had a small suite with a living room, kitchen and separate bedroom- and what a view! Staff couldn't have been more accommodating. Across the street, there is a great market that is open 24/7. Nice folks, but be quiet late at night- there's a baby sleeping upstairs! Lots of restaurants nearby- we ate at Lasagna Grill- chosen because it was overflowing with locals. Excellent food at reasonable prices and yes, they serve quite a bit more than the restaurant's namesake. We liked being in a neighborhood; felt we really had a feel for living in this great city!	
Jun 12 2005	Excellent choice.	This was our first trip to New York and we were a little apprehensive. However, this hotel really was excellent. The room was spotlessly clean and the hotel staff were very professional - nothing was too much trouble. They responded very quickly to any requests we had and were extremely helpful if we had any queries. The area surrounding the hotel was very pleasant and we were happy to be outside the centre of Manhattan. New York is such a hectic place that it was nice to return to the quieter area around the hotel in the nights after a busy day walking and sightseeing.I read all the reviews on this hotel before my trip and wondered if they were accurate, however, I can honestly say that this hotel lived up to all the positive comments I'd read. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and if I ever visit New York again, I wouldn't hesitate to stay at this hotel.	
May 9 2005	Clean rooms excellent professional service	Stayed at the Beekman for 6 days April/May 2005. Good welcoming by helpful staff, initially disappointed with low floor accommodation as had asked for high room but more than compensated by good facilities and an excellent sized room- more an apartment! Amazingly helpful staff when any small problem arose, nothing was too much trouble.Views were magnificent from the top of the tower bar, probably the best in Manhattan at night, although the cocktails and food were rather expensive.Situated in a safe area with all conveniences situated nearby. The subway really isn't that far (10mins walk) Also served by regular bus just outside hotel.I would certainly consider using this hotel again and commend the hotel management on a well run professional and courteous service.	
May 5 2005 	Pretty Art Deco but a little out of the way	Nice hotel, small foyer but the rooms are more than comfortable. I had just a single room and a kitchen; I understand other rooms are larger having a sep living room. The cafe on 26 only served a fixed price menu the night I stayed which was quite pricey at $45 or $65 plus tax but very nice for a cocktail. As others have said, a bit of a walk to the nearest subway on Lexington and 51st but easy access to a good cross town bus on 50th and 2nd (or 49th and 2nd if you are heading towards Times Square).	
Apr 10 2005	Excellent if rooms are high	I experienced two rooms during my stay at beekman, because at first they put me in a 3rd floor room which was quite good, but views was not really exciting and a bit of noise pervade our room, so i asked to changed it. The receptionist, who called 1 second after we got into our room, asked if everithing was ok, so i asked for change. She replies some better room may be free the next day. So we waited and we received (with no extra ) an incredible 21st floor room with an excellent view, a king size bed, and lots of space around it! Excellent!	
Apr 9 2005	Excellent Hotel - Met our expectations	Stayed at the Beekman for 6 nights commencing on 28 March with our teenage daughters (17 &amp; 15) - a fairly late change of booking when we decided we'd like more space &amp; the reviews posted were all very encouraging.In many ways there is not much to add to what others have said, except to say that most of the comments are very representative. The staff are fantastic - nothing is too much trouble, the nearby Nations Cafe is good, and supermarkets across the road and 1 block west on 2nd Avenue are very convenient. The rooms are very comfortable and extremely spacious. We got an excellent rate via a UK travel agent but the hotel's own rates are pretty good.Don't be put off by comments about distance from the metro - it's only 10 minutes walk but the regular buses stop just across the road on the corner of 1st Avenue and 49th Street (you can use your metro card so no extra cost) and these will take you to and from 5th Avenue / Times Square in more than 10 minutes.Plenty of restaurants nearby and we always felt safe when we were out walking in the surrounding streets, even late at night.A great place to stay that provides lots of space and excellent value.	
Apr 8 2005	Great deal on a suite	Got a great deal at Orbitz. At check-in, asked for and received free double upgrade. Great view from 25th floor, but is too close to kitchen noise, and would avoid this floor. Suite was huge, plenty of room for family of 4. Hotel clean and pretty with excellent service. Absolutely would stay again.	
Apr 3 2005	Absolutely Satisfactory	The Beekman is a very comfortable good quality hotel. While not luxury by any standards (including the price), the hotel is clean and comfortable. The service cannot be faulted, and the kitchen is very convenient, particularly during freak snowstorms that make venturing outside very uncomfortable. The kitchen is a little dated (but fully functional), but the bathrooms are lovely and the water pressure in the shower is excellent. The hotel cannot be faulted, but is missing the oomph that would make it exceptional. All in all if you are looking for a reasonably priced, comfortable hotel with a fabulous view from the rooftop grill and a location in the heart of the East Side, the Beekman is for you.	
Mar 21 2005 	Strongly recommend	Have stayed here twice in the last two months for long weekends and strongly recommend this hotel for business/ tourist travelors looking for low-frills professional service with excellent value. If you a comfortable, spacious environment without the in-your-face glamour of some bigger name hotels this is a very good choice. Each room has a full kitchen which is very nice and the rooms are certainly large by NYC standards. On my most recent trip, I was travelling with my fiancee's parents and we each booked our own rooms but upon arrival the desk upgraded us to a very comfortable two-bedroom suite. They are much less travel savvy than my fiancee or I and felt very comfortable at this hotel.	
Mar 14 2005	Great art-deco hotel	We stayed at the Beekman Tower in March 2005 and were impressed with the professionalism and friendliness of the staff; the size and cleanliness of the rooms; and the lovely view of the city from the 26th floor restaurant/bar. Architecturally speaking, this hotel is an art-deco gem. I'd highly recommend it, though other reviews did comment that it's not close to subway stops. (We took cabs and walked.)	
Mar 8 2005	Suite Success	Booked a studio at a bargain price, yet were upgraded to an Art Deco suite! Lovely quiet (for NY) location close to the UN, a bit of a walk from the other Midtown highlights but crosstown buses run from nearby. Friendly and helpful staff added to the pleasure of our stay. Excellent diner just across 1st Ave for breakfast. Will stay there again next time we're in NY.	
Mar 4 2005	Absolutely fabulous!	Just returned from 6 nights at the Beekman Tower. The suites are really great, just like having your own apartment. The location is really handy there's a general grocery shop and diner across the road. It's a few blocks to get to everything but the walking is easy and there's loads to see on the way. Taxis stop right outside without any effort. I loved this place, the staff were really nice, the room was spotless with excellent service and I would stay there agian tomorrow. Top tip! Use the hotels driver service to go back to the airport at the end of your stay. We travelled to JFK through really heavy traffic, a suited Lincoln collected us, 1 hours drive (with traffic) $ 55. inclusive. A great deal.	
Feb 12 2005	great rooms with excellent views and staff	arrived 5th feb for a 4 nights break,room was excellent sorry no this was not a room it was an apartment with lounge and kitchenette with microwave ,oven ,fridge freezer etc ,etc and separate bedroom with excellent views from 19 th floor .clean bathroom and linen. staff were very friendly and accommodating stored our luggage and arranged taxi ride back to airport with very friendly driver. well placed for all major sights , good range of restaurants in area , and was surprisingly quiet after dark try restaurant at top of tower good views of manhattan.  this was booked on internet and would use again. 	
Feb 4 2005	Excellent value spacious and tidy rooms.	7 of us shared 4 one bedroom suites and all were delighted with the space and how clean they all were. Superb value, I have spent a lot more to stay in inferior accomodation. As someone who slept in the sofa bed I can confirm that it was as comfortable as a normal bed NOT one of those with a flimsy mattress!Having read the few negative reviews on here I can only assume they are talking about somewhere else- peeling paint and small rooms??Simply not the case.The only negative were the pricey drinks in the 'Top of the Tower' but you don't have to go there, it was just a handy place to meet up before a night out.	
Jan 25 2005	very well located and friendly	Stayed there for 5 days from 31st December 2004.On 1st and 49th Streets and easy walking to the main shops and a short taxi ride to almost anywhere in Manhattan.The staff were very friendly; not what we expected in New York and our suite had a small kitchen with an endless supply of coffee bags for the machine supplied.Staff happy to help with directions to a bagle shop, how to order a NY pizza, laundry etc.I rate the staff as very highly trained and well above average.My son and his wife had a sofa bed in the main lounge room which wasn't very comfortable; they were better when they put the mattress on the floor.Noise was an issue even on the 18th floor..but I think this is normal for a place that never sleeps.A great New Year's Eve party on the 26th floor and open to guests in the reataurant..we did not dine but went along just prior to midnight and could dance and have a great time.An old building, comfortable and reasonably priced as we booked through the interrnet and got a price about half the rack rate.	
Jan 21 2005	Got it right the first time!!!!!!!	Stayed 4 days &amp; 3 nights in May of 2004. Great hotel, great staff, great rooms, they really did &quot;get it right the first time&quot;. Found a great deal thru (---). If you get a chance you should use these guys, their great, in a city that does great as an afterthought, these guys stand-out.L.K.TN	
Jan 18 2005	Beyond great!	Stayed here for one quick overnight for shopping, eating and theatering. It is a beautiful Art Deco hotel in a perfect location. Suite was more than roomy, quiet and clean. The Top of the Tower is a perfect place for a late drink, with views to die for. The front desk and valets were very welcoming and helpful. They are a group of young people who really seem to enjoy their jobs, which comes from the top. They could not have been more helpful, offering to call a car, get a cab, etc. This type of service is not typical of a huge impersonal city such as NYC. They make you feel comfortable, safe and happy. They do it right! Kudos to the management of this hotel group!	
Jan 17 2005	What a great stay	Had a great 7 nights at the Beekman, the beds are a bit small, but fantastic having so much space. Rooms were cleaned everyday, showers are brilliant after a long day's walking.Couldn't fault anything about the hotel, a bit dated but most hotels in the city seem to be. Even got a bottle of champagne that we cheekily asked for!	
Jan 13 2005	Wonderful stay at a beautiful hotel	My wife and I arrived at the Beekman last Fridayand stayed for 5 nights.We were generously upgraded as it was my wife's 50th birthday. Although our original suite was far larger than most hotel accommodation and was spotlessly clean,our upgrade gave us superb views and even more space.The suites are in really good order and kept very clean and tidy by the housekeepers and the toiletries supplied are of good quality.The staff,especially Mr Laydon ,looked after us very well and were all friendly and helpful.The view from &quot;The Top of The Tower&quot; is breathtaking .Location-wise,the hotel is in a safe neighbourhood with lots of delis,restaurants and shops close by.We would unreservedly recommend this hotel and we would definitely go back ourselves	
Jan 9 2005	Great service but ...	We stayed over New Year, 28th Dec 04 - 2nd Jan 05The staff are very friendly and accommodating. However, our one bed suite was clearly in need of refurbishment. Public areas looked a little better. The suite accommodation did afford us a good degree of privacy as we travelled with our teenage son.The location, on 1st and 49th, means a short 15 minute walk to the Rockerfeller Center and shopping. We often hailed a cab, cheap at around 4 dollars. The Nations cafe, over the road, offers decent food- especially good for breakfast. There is a 24 hour mini market over the road too.	
Dec 8 2004	Affinia have it right	We stayed at The Beekman for 5 nights 16/11/04 -21/11/04. Very friendly staff. superb room and facilities. Great location.Well done Beekman.	
Dec 7 2004	Nice hotel friendly staff huge rooms	Very nice hotel and spacious rooms. Nice to have a seperate living/kitchen area and 2 TV's!! The staff were very friendly and helpful, breakfasts were huge and the top of the tower is something else. The only downside to our stay was that we requested a non smoking room and we ended up with a smokers room but we were checked in round thanks giving and the hotel was fully booked. I wouldn't have any problems in coming back to this hotel again	
Nov 27 2004	Great rooms and friendly service	A friend and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in October 2004. We were a little apprehensive because of the promotional rate (half off). However, we were very pleasantly surprised with the quality of the hotel and our suite. The staff was friendly and helpful. It was great having a separate living room and a kitchen, which we stocked with snacks, sodas and water from the market right across the street. The microwave came in handy for popcorn for late night TV. The bathroom was very clean and stocked with nice toilettries. Our room had a great view of the city (18E). The restaurant on the 26th floor is amazing--it has an enclosed terrace with gorgeous city and river views. An excellent place for cocktails before hitting the town.The ONLY downside is the hotel is a good 10-15 minute's walk to the nearest subway entrance on Lex (about 5 blocks). However, I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 15 2004	liked it	beekman hotel is safe bet for any person visiting new york. the hotel is located on the corner of 1st and 49th. the real only downfall would be that the nearest train station is on lexington and 51st which is about 4 blocks away. there is a bus across the street on 49th number m27 or m50 that will take you crosstown which is really convenient. other than that, the hotel was nice. rooms are clean. service was great.	
Sep 30 2004	I can't rate this hotel highly enough!	I almost booked a hotel based on website details when I found tripadvisor and discovered that the hotel I was about to book had terrible reviews. I booked at the Beekman based on the reviews on this site, and was not disappointed.The suites are huge for New York standards, with more than enough space to try on all of the clothes that I bought! We even had a dining table to eat our takeout chinese on, and a kitchenette if you want to cook!The staff were very friendly and helpful, and although the hotel is not located right in the centre, I found it to be perfect for accessing all the places I wanted to see, with lots of bars and restaurants nearby.The walk from Grand Central Station took only about 10 minutes.I can't recommend this hotel highly enough and definitely intend to stay here again in future.A great place to stay!	
Sep 20 2004	Great Hotel with fantastic service	Three mates and I stayed here over the weekend of 9/11 and found the hotel to be a very pleasant experience. The staff were very friendly and welcoming. The room was clean, tidy and spacious enough for all four of us to have separate beds with room to spare. One minor criticism is the lifts which do take a while to come when called, however it is my understanding that the hotel are installing new ones soon. The location is excellent with only a five-minute walk to midtown and the subway connections. There is a great supermarket opposite, which stocks most things you would ever need. I have stayed at many hotels now in New York and this hotel was the nicest I have stayed in yet. I would definitely use this hotel again and recommend it whole-heartedly to anyone thinking about taking a trip to New York!	
Jul 6 2004	try the Beekman first	Any time I come to NYC the beekman is the first choice. The staff is very accomodating, the rooms are spacious. The location is perfect. There is no better place to unwind, it is like living in your own Ny apt. Cable, small kithen, clean, priced competitively, .the more great reviews , the harder it is to get a reservation or upgrade. The staff really aims to please and takes care of the guests.bravo! I always try the Beekman first !	
Jun 27 2004	We 'Love' This Place!!!	My husband and I took our first NYC trip together in May 2004 to celebrate our anniversary, so expectations were high. It seemed we were playing &quot;musical rooms&quot; the first few days which put a damper on our plans, but were quickly accomodated by a very helpful staff. Our one bedroom suite was marvelous! Spacious, all amenities you could ask for, and a great view. The location was ideal, offering scenic walks and a quiet alternative to the more congested parts of Manhattan. One block west is Associated Supermarket which we found fulfilled our shopping needs. Can't forget the Zephyr Grill. Breakfast was fresh and delicious. Staying at the Beekman only sweetened our memorial occasion. We hope to return to New York soon and stay here once again.	
Jun 24 2004	a great value	We stayed at the Beekman beginning of june, 2004 for 3 nights and really enjoyed it. The front desk staff were very helpful, friendly and efficient and we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite! Although they are in need of a little updating the suites are absolutely huge and you can pretend that you are living in Manhattan in your own flat. There is a good convenience store right across the street for stocking up your kitchen and plenty of restaurants nearby. (By the way, your next door neighbor is the UN! If you like Indian food try &quot;INDIGO&quot; (around the corner on 50th I believe)--it was truly the best I have ever had. it was Tony Awards weekend, so we got take out from a local deli buffet and cozied up in our living room !You will like this hotel--it is not luxury, but it is clean and very spacious. We love the walk (isn't that what NY is all about?) so we did not mind the location. Even if you dont eat at the restaurant, you must go see the view!Overall, a great value.	
Jun 4 2004	A safe bet	The Beekman Tower is a safe bet for anyone despairing after reading hundreds of bad hotel reviews. The suite we had was clean, spacious and well-furnished and the main bed and sofa bed were comfortable. The kitchen was nice to have although we didn't use it much. The staff were mostly friendly and competent. Traffic noise on the 7th floor was minimal. After checking out, luggage could be stored and the hotel organised a car to the airport.The hotel is in a fairly quiet, safe area near the UN. There is no subway station nearby (10-15mins walk), but the buses 27 and 50 go across the town along 49th St, returning along 50th St. Weekly Metro Cards are a very good buy if you're staying four days or more. Taxis are quite inexpensive for short journeys that are awkward by subway and bus.We used the UN Plaza cafe/restaurant on the opposite corner for breakfast every morning, which we'd recommend.	
Apr 4 2004	The Only Place I will Stay When In NYC	We travel to NYC about 4/year and after having stayed at numerous other hotels over the years - we decided to try the Beekman after hearing from a friend about the excellent food and accomodations. We're glad we did!. The suites were beautifully decorated, the staff courteous and welcoming and the food was scrumptious. We have dined at both the main level restaurant and at the skyline level - the view was breathtaking! The waitstaff was courteous and we even noted that the head chef came out and checked on the guests and their meals/evenings - what a pleasant and nice touch! Keep up the good work Beekman - We'll be back!	
Apr 4 2004	Bad start - great finish	My stay started very badly arriving at 21.00hrs and being told that the hotel had overbooked despite the fact that I had booked well in advance and my arrival time was known. The staff were very apologetic and they called a cab and took me to their sister hotel a block away but this was a huge disappointment. I said I would return the next day and expect a room and that an upgrade would be a goodwill gesture. I duly arrived and was given a marvellous suite with a balcony on one side that gave a great view of the 59th street bridge and on the other side the most amazing view of the Manhattan skyline, particularly at night. I was also given a complimentary dinner that night in the Zephyr Grill and the steak was absolutely fantastic. The location for me was fine as I love to walk and when I needed the subway then Lexington was only a few minutes away. So nice hotel, friendly staff, shame about the over booking but can highly recommend so long as you don't need to be in the centre of things.	
Mar 23 2004	Excellent Excellent (didn't I say it was Excellent....)	We stayed 9 nights during March &amp; we found the Beekman to be an excellent hotel in every department. We stayed in the 1 bedroom suite for $158 a night, booked through the Affinia website, which for what we got was excellent valueI spent hours researching where to stay in NY, as we were wary about finding a stinker; we found the absoulute opposite!I could talk for ages about the qualities of the room / hotel, but a list will hopefully paint the picture. Superb sized room with separate lounge area, sofa, table, chairs, great size. Excellent separate kitchen with dishwasher, fridge-freezer, microwave, hob, toaster, cutlery, kettle etc. All rooms clean, with excellent maid service and all the good touches like iron, hairdryer, safe etc. Basically its a good quality flat, with excellent space. Good bedroom and excellent shower / bath.Helpful staff - we asked to be moved to the back of the hotel as there was a little road noise &amp; this was done efficiently; courtesy calls by the manager to make sure all is well, etc. For NY, the road noise is minimal but we are not used to that, so the back of the property was better. Express any preferences you have when you book.The downside; well the only one we could think of could be its location; 49th Street, 1st Avenue. This was not a problem for us; it is only 6/7 mins walk from the tube at Lexington Avenue and there is a bus stop close to the hotel. Its not too far from everything. However, if you must be close to say Times Square or Central Park, then this may not be the place for you.All in all, a cracking hotel. Well worth a stay.	
Jan 20 2004	An Upstate review of the Beekman Towers	My favorite place to stay when in NYC. Pleasant, attentive hotel staff.Outstanding gourmet food served by waiters who knew the menu. I even met the head chef who took time to greet my guests and I . He wanted to be sure we enjoyed our food. We certainly did!! I'll be back!	
Jan 17 2004	Like Having You're own New York Apartment	Stayed at the Beekman summer 2003. Stayed on the 12th floor with great views of the UN Plaza and First Ave. Large, clean 1 bedroom suite. Bathroom had a view! Kitchen light never worked, despite frequent requests to the management for replacement. Top of the Tower is a real classy place. Great views of Midtown. Staying at the Beekman again summer 2004.	
Jan 14 2004	The Beekman was worth it!	I spent about 3 days in NYC back in May '02. The Beekman Tower was recommended from clients of mine. I hadn't been to the city since a high school trip decades ago but wanted to vacation there to visit the sites. So, solo I flew up knowing only what I had read about in travel guides, I was anxious. As soon as I pulled up to the hotel I knew I was going to enjoy this trip. Very stylish and front reception polite, friendly. Cozy. I was given a one bedroom suite on the 17th floor overlooking First Ave. Great large (apartment) unit with lots of windows, livingroom, dining, desk, fax, kitchen, nicely appointed bedroom, smallish bath but with the best view from a toilet in the city!! B-fast in the Zephyr was superb and cocktails up in the Tower were excellent! Did not order room service. Felt pampered every day coming back to my &quot;place&quot; after long days out in the greatest city!! Location is good--a little &quot;too east&quot; but it all depends on what you want to do and see there. I will miss staying there this May as I am returning to NYC with friends but they want The Waldorf. Hope it lives up to &quot;my place&quot; at The Beekman.	
Jan 10 2004	A Great Experience	The Beekman Towers is the perfect place for families. The suites are spacious and clean, the staff was friendly, enthusiastic, and very responsive to all our needs. It was a great value for the dollar. A perfect place to unwind at the end of the day!	
Jan 5 2004	Amazing time!	Had an amazing time, hotel was lovely, suite was clean, good facilities and stunny views!Staff were helpful and polite!Would definately stay there again!!	
Jun 25 2003	Fabulous Place with Character		
May 31 2003	Stay AWAY!		
May 25 2003	Fabulous Hotel		
Feb 19 2003	Ok place but.....		
Jan 2 2003	Tiny and Dirty		
Jan 1 2003	Avoid if you can!		
Sep 7 2002	Could not be more pleased!		
Oct 1 2009 	vivamente sconsigliato!!!		
Sep 28 2009 	Ratas		
Sep 23 2009 	hôtel un peu vieillot mais très bien placé pour visiter NW		
Aug 21 2009 	eins von den günstigeren hotels aber sauber und gemütlich		
Aug 20 2009 	muy bien ubicado pero las habitaciones horribles		
Aug 11 2009 	hotel vetusto		
Jun 17 2009 	Esperienza indimenticabile		
Jun 8 2009 	Trés bon hotel		
Oct 8 2008 	So sollte ein Hotel mindestens sein!		
Jul 16 2008 	Muy bien		
Jun 28 2008 	hotel favoloso		
Nov 7 2007 	Très confortable et bien placé		
Oct 29 2007 	Accogliente spazioso e comodo! Ci tornerò		
Sep 6 2007 	Contento del Beekman Tower		
