Nov 25 2009 	Good location 	If you want a central location and not pay a fortune, this one is OK. Not a 4-star quality but the rooms are adequate if somewhat tired, as are the public areas. Easy walking to most attractions and the concierge and reception staff were very helpful. Beware the bar closing before you can walk back after a show.	
Oct 27 2009 	Priceline booking worked out great	My wife and I stayed at the Tudor Hotel for a long weekend and had a very good experience. This was my first experience booking through Priceline and I was a bit apprehensive about how it might work out.After booking I contacted the hotel to ask about a room with a king bed. The reservation clerk informed me that they would attempt to honor my request at check-in, but there was no way to guarantee the availability with my Priceline booking. As an alternative, she asked if i would like to upgrade for an additional $20 per night, thereby guaranteeing a king bed. As we were staying for 3 nights, I chose to upgrade.Upon checking in we were given a spacious corner room with views of the United Nations and the East River. The room also had a small balcony with a table and two chairs with a view toward the river. The bathroom was modern and spacious with a jetted tub. While I would not describe the hotel as luxurious (especially the rather plain lobby and bar), it was clean, very well-located and our room was fabulous. What a bargain! We would most definitely choose to stay at the Tudor again, especially at rates similar to the Priceline rates.	
Oct 20 2009 	New York isn't for the hotel anyway	We stayed at the Tudor from the 8-12th of Oct. Nothing fancy. Booked on Priceline for a reasonable price. The room with one bed was TINY, but the room with 2 double was OK. It didn't matter, we didn't come for the hotel, anyway. We came to see New York City! The rooms were clean and there was an in room coffee maker and hairdryer. There is a bar and restaurant downstairs, altho, a bit pricey and we didn't use it. There is a restaurant a couple blocks away called PAX. Great breakfast at a reasonable price. We were only a short walk from Grand Central Terminal and probably about 20 minutes walk from Times Square. Would stay there again, but not at full price, only if I was booked there by Priceline. Didn't find staff overly friendly, but neither was the rest of New York City staff.	
Oct 17 2009 	Internal Scam Suspected	Reservations were made directly to the hotel in May 2009 for Oct 2009, for 5 nights.. (Telephone statement verifies the telephone number). Because of the low rate offered, they said they required a credit card payment in advance. An e-mail message was returned to us with confirmation number, address of hotel, phone number They also told us during the phone call that a full refund would be available if we had to cancel. Due to illness , on Oct. 1st we called the hotel to cancel. They had no record of the reservation. Management accepted no responsibility nor offered any sympathy. &quot;You have been scammed&quot; was their answer. We also phoned their corporate office, and did not receive a call back. So yourself a favour - avoid this hotel at all costs.	
Oct 15 2009 	Very average; nothing extraordinary about this hotel.	We expected more of a boutique style hotel based on the reviews we had read but instead found it to be very plain with little style. Our intial queen size deluxe room seemed anything but as it was very small and cramped. We checked with the front desk to make sure that it was a queen size deluxe, and also asked to see another to compare and subsequently changed rooms because it was larger and better laid out with respect to the bed and furniture. Except for the desk chair, there was no other sitting chair in the room. For the price we paid for the room we had expected a bit more. We had stayed in NYC before so we did have some comparative knowledge. On the more positive side, the rooms were very clean, and the staff, with the exception of one individual, were very accommodating; the hotel is relatively close walking distance to such attractions as Broadway, Times Square and the Rockefeller Center. I would also note that I did have some elevator conversations with others staying at the hotel and those I talked with thought it was very nice.	
Oct 12 2009 	Not even 2.5 stars	The lobby is practically nonexistent, the doors behind the reception desk are falling apart, the carpeting in the restaurant and bar are not clean (we didnt eat there, it looked a little depressing), the concierge I guess is only there in the morning, and not in the greatest of moods (let alone helpful). The rooms are TINY, we didnt know where to put our suitcases, and the carpet, also not very clean, the bathroom, looks old, and again... tiny (although clean). Also, after about 5 or 6pm, there is no one outside to help you get a cab or something. Location is good, a block away from the UN and about 6 blocks from Times Square.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice hotel	Wow, we really enjoyed this hotel. After reading some of the negative reviews we were really concerned. The hotel is beautiful; listed in the National Register of Historic Hotels. Our room and bathroom were immaculate. I loved the location, just a few blocks from Grand Central and surrounded by restaurants.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good Location. Great value for your $$.	The Tudor hotel was located about 2 blocks from Grand Central station, which allowed us to take the subway pretty much anywhere. The room was kind of small, but as would be expected anywhere in NYC. Overall, good hotel in a great location.	
Sep 29 2009 	VERY pleasantly surprised	I had stayed at this hotel back in the 1970's and remember it as rather dark and gloomy and not very special. My stay here a few weeks ago was booked for me and I was not expecting to be impressed or even enjoy the two nights I would be staying here again, after all these years. I was totally, and pleasantly surprised. The hotel has obviously been recently renovated and nicely done. My room was quite large (by NYC standards) with a large closet and lots of hangers, a nice seatings alcove with two large windows overlooking the street and a bit of expansive view, a very large bathroom with large window providing lots of daylight. The bathroom had a superb shower and great lighting. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. The location is superb (a few blocks from Grand Central Station). I also found the price to be extremely fair. The rate was quite a bit less than lesser quality hotels in the Times Square area, which I tend to avoid as they are normally very noisy at night (which this hotel wasn't).Highly recommended!	
Sep 25 2009 	Good location Nice bedding/Shower Noisy evening	Good location- close by the Grand Central Station. Rooms are a bit run down, but the bedding was comfortable and shower was nice. Construction or something seemed to be close by and it was noisy during the night. Old door thin and didn't seal at the bottom, so noises in the hallway could be heard easier. Front reception people nice. the price was right for what you got. (paid $125 usd for a weeknight.)	
Sep 22 2009 	Great Value	My friends and I were looking for a reasonable and decent room and we found it. The hotel quality was very nice, and the staff was extremely helpful. It wasn't super fancy, but it did have windows that opened, nice toiletries, and a clean atmosphere. I had a much more enjoyable experience than I did at the W Tuscany the night before. The moral of the story? Don't spend more money assuming you are goint to get something better. I recommend the Tudor at the U.N. While you're there, McFadden's across the street is lots of fun!	
Sep 16 2009 	Excellent - will be staying there again.	I traveled to New York with my wife for a filming project, and we needed somewhere fairly central. When we were looking around for a hotel beforehand, we were surprised to see how much prices were increased for early September - most hotels we found had literally tripled their prices, presumably to cash-in on the increased traffic to the city for Sept. 11 memorials. The Tudor hotel was one of the few that remained at normal pricing and value. The room was clean, modern with full facilities, and the staff friendly and attentive. We liked.The only problem, albeit a small one, was that the doors to the rooms are pretty heavy and secure and cannot be closed quietly (we tried - not possible). Early-to-bed-light-sleepers might wish to take earplugs. We will certainly be booking at the Tudor hotel again.	
Sep 12 2009 	Pleased with my stay	I stayed there during Labor Day weekend. Unfortunately the room wasn't ready when I got there at around 5 PM. Besides that, the location was great and pretty quiet. There was a subway station about 2 blocks away for the 7 line. I didn't find that one until after I had got off at Grand Central Station. Room was clean and nicely appointed. Only negative to the hotel was that the walls are thin and you can hear your neighbors.	
Aug 27 2009 	decent hotel at a decent price	The hotel was pretty nice. The room was clean but small. It was sufficient for us. We didn't spend that much time in our hotel anyways. We got the hotel room at a good price on priceline. $115/night. They told us that our hotel room would be ready at 3pm, but when we arrived at 4pm, it still wasn't ready. They made us wait another 30 mins. I was kinda annoyed about that. Especially since we took a red eye and showed up at the hotel at 7am asking what time our room would be ready. They told us it was 2 twin beds (there was 4 of us), but it actually turned out to be 2 full size beds. So that was a plus. The bathroom was very spacious, but the room was small and always had a musty smell. The lights are controlled from this &quot;master control panel&quot;. There was one by the door and one by the bed. The one by the door didn't work. The hotel was a short walk from Grand Central Terminal. It was actually farther from the Metro than I would prefer, but it was not too bad. We had little contact with the staff so I can't really comment on them. However, housekeeping never gave us more soap. We were there for 1 week and they gave us more shampoo and conditioner, but not more soap. Weird huh? Overall, I would recommend the hotel at the price I paid, but not at the full price the hotel normally books for, which is around $200-$250/night.	
Aug 21 2009 	great location staff great lovely rooms	stayed in the hotel just last week aug 09 can not say a bad word about it , across the road is a great pub with nice food down the road is broadway we got a show in when we were there mary popins very very good,not far is empire and gap is on the corner , but just great hotel will defo go back	
Aug 17 2009 	not worth it	This hotel bills itself as a 3.5 star, but really it should be 2 stars. I've had better service at motels. When I checked in 1 hour before the official check in time, they refused to find a room that was ready, and flatly told me to check my bags with a porter. If it had been really busy, I could understand. As it was, the hotel was only half full. Then when we checked into our hotel, there were not one piece of towel in the room! They made us wait to check in because the &quot;room was not ready&quot;, and no towels when we did check in? I'm sure it was an oversight, but why make us wait an hour to check in when it still wasn't ready in the end? The bathroom door was uneven, so we could not close it. And the room reeked of smoke, even though it was supposed to be non-smoking. At almost $200 per night, I would advise all to avoid this hotel. You're better off with a 2 star for less price with the same service, if not better, or to spend a little more and get better service and quality.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great location service was sometimes lacking	Stayed at this hotel for almost a week in July. A few of our friends also stayed at the hotel. We got a good rate on Priceline. The location is great. It's on the south side of E 42nd St just east of 2nd Ave, up the block from the united nations. There's a Starbucks across 2nd and plenty of restaurants nearby on 2nd Ave and on 42nd St. Like other reviewers have said it's about a 25-30 min walk to Times Square. The closest subway station is at Grand Central where you can catch the green and purple lines. There's no parking in front of the hotel and we had to temporarily park in the diplomat parking zone to drop off our luggage. Hotel parking was $59/night. Our friends found parking for $27/night at Central Parking on 1st Ave (a 15 min walk back to the hotel). The street and area seemed very safe and we didn't encounter any problems even walking back to the hotel at 1am. If you walk back to the hotel along 42nd, the hotel has a neon light sign you can see from a few blocks away to give you an idea how much further you have to go.The rooms were quaint, a little on the small side but acceptable. The queen sized bed was comfortable and the sheets clean. The room and bathroom looked to have been renovated recently. The walls are rather thin though and we could hear the ice machine on our floor at night (note that there are only ice machines on certain floors of the hotel) and people talking in the hallway. One night some other hotel guests came back around 5am and their talking in the hall woke us up. There is a stated charge for internet access but I was able to find some open wireless networks to connect to and use the internet when needed. Now to the matter of the service. Some of the days we stayed there it was severely lacking. First, we asked for some toothpaste but it was never delivered. Then there was the daily game of guessing how many towels we would have to use. The first night we had 3 partial sets of towels (only 2 facecloths) and a bathmat. The next night we only had two sets of towels and no bathmat. Another night we had 2 sets of towels and a bathmat. At least when we asked for an extra set it was delivered promptly. Some days the toilet paper and tissue box weren't replaced.Overall, since we didn't spend much time in the hotel other than sleep, it was more than adequate. The great location more than outweigh the minor inconveniences of inconsistent service. I would stay here again given the right price.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great place to stay	I made a four-night reservation for this hotel on Priceline, so I got a great rate. This was the first time that we went for a 3.5-star (boutique) instead of a 4-star hotel in NYC on Priceline and we were just delighted. The location is phenomenal--Tudor City Is like another universe--hard to believe you're just a couple blocks from Grand Central Station. There are quiet parks (with fireflies this time of year), beautiful views down to the East River and the UN, and elegant restaurants nestled in the bottoms of beautiful old apartment houses. The historic building the hotel is in is really charming, and our room was clean, pleasant, comfortable, and had a great view. A couple minor flaws: housekeeping is strangely chintzy with the toiletries--one bar of soap was provided at the start of our stay and was not replenished (however, we asked at the front desk and were cheerfully provided with a couple more), and shampoo was not provided on the first night. Also, the towels aren't great quality and smell strongly of detergent. Finally, the high-speed internet provided by the hotel is rather expensive ($14.95/day)--so much so that I decided to forgo using my laptop during my stay.On the whole, though, we found this to be a great choice, loved that the place had more character than the big chain 4-stars we usually stay in, and loved the proximity to a unique NYC neighborhood.	
Jul 29 2009 	Nice hotel at good price in good location	This was a pleasant surprise. At $160, it was a true bargain for New York. The rooms were quiet and clean. The location 2 blocks from Grand Central Station was certainly convenient. Because it was on the East Side, it was actually in a pretty quiet location for midtown Manhattan. Clean, quiet and safe at sub-Manhattan prices.	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice hotel Staff was exceptional	The hotel was nice. It is relatively small building. Therefore a small lobby area. The rooms were large for New York, and the beds were comfortable. I do agree with the other reviewers that there is a mildew smell in the room. I think the reason for the smell is that there is water that gets trapped in the shower windsill.I do want to compliment the hotel staff for being fantastic. I had a issue with travelocity when I booked the hotel through travelocity. The staff was very understanding. I would recommend staying at this hotel if want a hotel that has a great location, great staff, and nice rooms.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great stay and staff	We were very happy with our room and the service provided by the front desk. The walk to Grand Central station was short and you could get any where with a transfer on the subway. One thing I do recommend is a good nyc map with roads and subway it's invaluable. Have fun you won't regret your hotel choice! Oh and the Pax a block and a half away towards the train station has good food that isn't too expensive from a NYC view.	
Jul 6 2009 	Solid central Manhatten hotel in a good spot	I wasnt sure what to think when this hotel popped up for me on Priceline but I have to say i was very pleasently surprised. A decent sized room for NY which was extra nice as its was on the corner on a quiet tree lined street. A minor let down was the big bloom on the shower promised much but delivered little. I didn't have much interaction with staff but when i did they were very courteous. One other annoyance is that it bugs me when you cannot print your boarding pass for free in the business center.The location is excellent and is only a short walk to Grand Central Station. Overall a nice quiet hotel which has a bit of character about it.	
Jul 5 2009 	Excellent location for UN Business	The UN is within easy walking distance. The hotel gives a good location and the price is moderate. However, the service is basic and I felt uneasy that a lift to guest rooms were not easily watched by any staff of the hotel, ie. just next to the entrance before the reception. Otherwise, it is OK and I do not mid to come back for business but will think about to use during me holiday.	
Jul 1 2009 	Very comfy. Great place to stay if you're sightseeing.	I really liked this hotel. The room was a pretty decent size, especially for NYC. The bed was very comfortable. The room was quiet and didn't have much street noise. The bathroom was a typical hotel bathroom but was clean and big enough to move around in. Service was fast and friendly. We were there during a GA session at the UN, so it was somewhat crowded with business travelers, but even then everything was pleasant. The breakfast is pretty pricey so consider eating elsewhere. The location is great - close to Time Square and the Theater District. Fairly close to the subway and Grand Central Station. Finding a taxi is not a problem. All in all, a great place that I would stay at again with or without kids, for business or for pleasure.	
Jun 29 2009 	Most comfortable beds in the wooooorld	Stayed at the Tudor for 4 nights in July 2008, was a fantastic stay, the room had everything it was meant to &amp; looked just like the pictures.The bed was the most comfortable bed I slept in on a 2 month holiday that spanned 3 continents.Everything about this hotel was great, the only drawback for us was the location, now at first glance it is in a great part of NYC however we found that there was a good deal of walking to be done to get to a subway station or to anything of cultural value - being that it is in the heart of the business district. Would recommend to those on a leisure/sightseeing trip to think about staying further south, closer to greenwich village or soho, little italy etc etc. but really have a hard time faulting this hotel.	
Jun 27 2009 	Excelent location	I´m a travel addicted and I do like to stay in very good hotels. NY is an expensive city and I were afraid when I booked Tudor Hotel, however, it become a very nice surprise! The hotel is located on 42nd just 5 minutes walking from Chrysler Building and Grand Central Station. It´s very easy to walk from the hotel to the major sites of Midtown (Empire State Building - 10 minutes / Times Square - 15 minutes / Central Park - 15 minutes). The hotel itself is simple (not a 4 star), but cosy and clean with a very confortable bed and mattress. The rooms are small (considering the european standard rooms), but very clean with a big flat screen! The staff is friendly and helpfull when asked. I do recommend the hotel for those who are seeking a central base for good resting and strenght recovery for the next day. Very important, FREE WI-FI!!	
Jun 22 2009 	Subpar...definitely not a 3.5 star	The Tudor hotel is certainly not the hotel for those who like big brand name hotels. Even the holiday inn is better than the Tudor. The Tudor is a decent place to crash if you need a clean bed in a quiet hotel, but the little details that make a hotel stay enjoyable and luxurious are seriously lacking in this hotel.First I'll touch on the positives. Cute lobby, great doormen to greet you, and helpful front desk staff. Our maid was kind, she left us extra towels as requested, although she left us no shampoo for our final day - so we couldn't wash our hair. They offer bath and body works products, which is a nice touch, too. The air conditioning in the room was fantastic, and the tv was big, flat, and functional. The room itself was small and dingy. While the bed area was clean, the bathroom smelled horribly of mold. Our sink wouldn't drain properly and the stench of the moldy bathroom made our room smell awful, too. Everytime I had to go into the bathroom I dreaded it! The phone in our room didn't work, either. I truly felt as though I was in a bathroom that had been surface cleaned but not properly sanitized for decades. Those blacklights they use on CSI would have forsure had a field day!As for the location, I can't comment much on it. We cabbed everywhere because it was pouring, but it's definitely a rather far walk from 5th avenue shopping (probably 20 minutes).We paid $125 per night on priceline, however, I would say that this hotel was only worth 100, not 125, and I wouldn't call it a 3.5 star. Also, for those booking on priceline, this hotel charges a fee of $50 per night if you want 2 double beds, so make sure you're aware of that before bidding. I cannot imagine anyone paying full price for this hotel...I felt a tad ripped off at $125.All in all, if you're looking for a clean and quiet place to rest your head for the night (with no extra ammenities or luxuries), then this hotel will do just fine. If you are scared of germs, hate mold, and in general want more than dingy basics, I wouldn't recommend the tudor. Did it ruin my trip? Not at all. Did it add anything exciting to it? Definitely not.	
Jun 17 2009 	Hidden gem	Stayed there for 6 days at the end of May 2009. Pleasantly surprised at the high standard of the rooms. The Hotel has recently been refurbished. Good location, 5 mins to Grand Central Terminal.	
Jun 15 2009 	Reviews was "OFF" on this one! C-	I satyed for 5 nights, The room was small, but expected... The staff was unhelpful, short and unfriendly!! Phone didn't work (not a biggy unless U need to call for services etc). Location was not as great as reviews had talked about either! Pillows were small yet FAT - not comfy at all, my neck was stiff every morning. I guess overall... if U get a great deal on priceline &quot;name your own price&quot; go for it, but otherwise it was just a C- for me!	
Jun 9 2009 	Good value not bad location	We stayed at this hotel twice during our mini-tour of the US. The hotel was about a 5 minute walk from Grand Central Station and provided a great base for us to explore New York. Rooms were clean but not that spacious. Would definitely recommend if you don't mind walking.	
Jun 9 2009 	A great respite in the Big Apple	My husband and I stayed at the Tudor for three nights the weekend after Easter. We had booked this hotel on Priceline for $125/night. Based on reviews I had read here, I was not expecting much. However, we were pleasantly surprised with a nice, clean, spacious room (including an unexpected and unrequested upgrade!). The location of the hotel is excellent - within walking distance of Grand Central, Times Square, and many other notable locations. The hotel was quiet and comfortable which was very appreciated after long days of walking around the busyness of the city. We did have a small issue using the wireless internet service that required a call with their tech support to correct. But after the call, everything worked perfectly for the next few days. We also had one other issue that we brought to the attention of the manager on duty at the time of our checkout. When she dealt with our concern in a way that we were not satisfied with, the Vice President of the property went above and beyond to rectify it. Based on our experience with this gentleman alone, we would return to the Tudor. But even despite him, we would not hesitate to return or recommend others stay at the Tudor.	
Jun 6 2009 	Maybe for a one night stay over but that's aboout it	I had a week long business trip one block from the UN. The Tudor was offering a good rate of $210 per night, so I stayed 5 days. When checking in, the front desk person barely spoke to me other then ask for my credit card. I requested a fridge for my room. That was an extra $20 for the week. I got a cozy room with a queen size bed. Nice, clean bathroom. Second night the toilet would not flush, after taking off the lid discovered tank was empty. I informed the front desk the following morning. He jotted down something, however the toilet was never fixed during my stay. I had to pull a chain inside the tank in order for toilet to flush. How annoying! Walls are thin, I could hear every door slam in the hallway. On my last day, before checking out I reached in the mini fridge for juice and found a dead cockroach in the fridge. Yuck! When I checked out, it was the same stoic staff who I informed about the toilet. I just wanted out, so I did not bother to mention the broken toilet again or the dead roach.	
Jun 4 2009 	Outstanding value and hospitality	First, the price: USD 300 for a junior suite with terrace and breakfast in NYC mid-week?! So I figured there had to be a catch. Bad location? A block from my client on 42nd, so no. Hard parking? Drop the keys in the hands of a valet who snagged my car quickly. Unfriendly staff? Forget it...nicest people ever. Bad room service? This was my experience with room service: I called down for a sandwich and some wine. The fellow apologized for being out of the pinot noir. I said no worries and ordered another. When the food came up, he said he had realized today was delivery day, so he had gotten the key from security, gone down to the cellar and found they had gotten some fresh bottles of the pinot noir. Who does that?! That is incredible service and hospitality.Stanhope used to be my fave NYC hotel. I have a new one now.	
May 27 2009 	Great	Great, room was bigger than I expected. No view, but there were two windows. Was quiet, and a very comfortable bed. I was very impressed. I got a great deal through hotwire, however I did not expect to have to pay for internet. This hotel charges 15$ night for internet, which is nuts. I guess when Hotwire says the room comes with internet - that doesnt necessarily mean it's included.	
May 27 2009 	Clean comfortable—excellent value	My spouse and I booked one night at the Tudor Hotel for a quick New York getaway over the Memorial Day weekend, driving down from Boston early Saturday. We called ahead to confirm our Quikbook reservation, and mentioned that we had tickets for a 2 pm matinee so would be checking in early, around noon or so. They didn't promise that our room would be ready, but offered to store our bags in anticipation of checking in after the show. Well, not only was the room ready upon arrival, but the &quot;deluxe queen&quot; exceeded our expectations: it was roomy, clean, nicely furnished, with a very comfortable bed and a large bathroom (complete with bidet and jacuzzi), flat-screen TV, and—best of all—a good-sized terrace with wrought-iron patio furniture! We've stayed at many mid-priced hotels in New York, and I think these may have been the nicest accommodations yet. Very friendly staff, too; however, we chose not to have breakfast in the hotel (other reviews warned of inflated prices), and chose discount parking at nearby garage (again, the valet parking offered by the hotel would've cost us considerably more).We also liked the location—though it may seem a bit off the beaten path, Tudor City is quiet, with some beautiful parks and close proximity to the East River. It's a 20-30 minute walk on 42nd St. to Times Square, which was fine for us (we appreciate the exercise), and there are enough eateries in the area for breakfast and other meals (and a Starbucks across the street for that early-morning coffee run). We had cocktails and a snack at the food court at Grand Central Station (Zocalo—good margaritas), though unfortunately the Oyster Bar was closed for the holiday weekend.	
May 21 2009 	Kudos to The Tudor	What a delightful surprise to find this gem. Courteous staff, immaculate facility, excellent location and much more.My first impression of a warm and friendly place stayed with me throughout my stay.I highly reccommend this hotel.	
May 19 2009 	Great location for touring the city!	We arrived before the designated check in time and the hotel offered to hold our bags while we went exploring. Our room was immediately upgraded to a room with two beds ( we booked for $123/ night on Priceline).The staff could not have been more helpful at the Tudor. Although there was no outside view in the room, it was comfortable with a working air/heating system. One of the beds was a bit &quot;cock-eyed&quot;- but had no trouble sleeping. The bathroom was large- but had no fan. There are no coffee makers in the rooms.The TV would only stay on a station for 5 minutes. The staff tried unsuccessfully to fix it three times. But we were in NYC and really did not need a TV (on Sat. we toured NBC and saw the actors at SNL rehearsing and we wanted to watch the show).There are subway entrances just up the block and EVERYTHING is easy to get to. Starbucks and CVS are on the corner and a great deli down the side street. We are not in the best shape and we had no problem walking to Times Square, Rockefeller Center or Central Park.Felt very safe at this hotel. It is an old building- but that was part of the charm! If you stay here, walk down the street and climb the stairs to Tudor City and check out their gardens.	
May 16 2009	will stay here again!	my mum and i just returned from a 4 night trip to the big apple and were very happy with our experience at the tudor hotel. check in was very efficient and our room was modern, clean and although small, more than adequate for our stay. the lifts are excellent and very quick. breakfast is expensive - $16 each - we didn't eat there as a result and found the nations cafe at the corner of 1st and 49th street perfect for our needs and only a short walk away. the area around the hotel is nicely maintained and quiet and while it's 5 blocks of a walk to 5th avenue, we founf we encountered plenty of shops along the way to occupy our daily walk!!!!i would definitely recommend the tudor hotel and will be returning again.	
May 15 2009 	Good Location pretty poor service and expensive!	My boyfriend and I checked into the Tudor hotel as a last minute decision to surprise my parents who were staying there. They were very accommodating to us just arriving and wishing to book a room. The room we had was a 'junior suite' and was fairly large with AC, nice bathroom, big bed and massive TV. The TV however did not work, and neither did the wireless internet the whole time we were there. No fridge in room for water. Lobby looks quite nice and breakfast was good but cost my boyfriend and I $80 - which was on top of our $220 a night rate which we thought bumped up the cost of our stay. The location however is good as you can walk straight down the grand central station and 5th Av etc. However we wanted to book a room for an extra night after our other party checked out and found the hotel very stubborn with their room rate wanting to charge us significantly more for just one more night. We felt this a little unfair, as rates online for that night were cheaper but they wouldn't give them to us, and we left ! We did find some cheaper accommodation but admittedly not quite as good in times square. However for the price you would pay at the tudor there are plenty of other hotels in similar good locations for not much more money with probably better service/facilities i.e. the Hilton on times square etc. Overall 7/10.	
May 9 2009 	Great choice	My boyfriend and I just got back from a one night stay at the Tudor Hotel at the United Nations. We stayed here because we got a great price through Hotwire. We arrived at 3am to be pleasantly surprised with receiving a complimentary room upgrade to a suite instead of a standard room. The suite was very nice and spacious. My boyfriend's only complaint was the size of the bed (we think it was a full). Other than that it was great! It was in a great location and the service was excellent. There is a sign in the bathroom stating that they will bring up complimentary items (toothbrush, shaving cream, razors, comb, shampoo, etc.) if you forgot to bring them yourself.	
May 9 2009 	Quiet great value close to attractions.	My wife and I stayed here 3 nights -- we used priceline and got a great rate (under $100 per night) for a Fri, Sat &amp; Sun night in April. Our room was small but was a corner room - even had an East River view - nice. The room was clean - well lit. There was a safe in the room (set your own combo, no fee). Unfortunately, the internet was not free (Something like $14 per night) -- too bad. Also, the business center had a $5 min (even to just print boarding passes) - it is open 24 hrs. The bed was only a queen and the linens were okay - nothing bad, nothing special. The AC was not wonderful - mind you it was 90-degrees outside in April so perhaps it was not prepared for the heat. Bathroom had a nice shower and toiletries. The hairdryer left room for improvement -- it was mounted to the bathroom wall and did not work too well -- plus it kept overheating. Still, the room was quiet and very private with views so not much to complain about - especially given the excellent price. The hotel is right on 42nd street - it's a few blocks west to a subway station - but that station is Grand Central, giving you access to pretty much everywhere. Plus, there are two bus lines right outside that take you to the station (they come about every 5 minutes - we never had to wait more than that -- even on Sunday &amp; late nights. One Bus actually takes you all the way to Time Square (actually, it's only like a mile) but then goes North on Broadway all the way up the West Side -- getting around is very easy. The UN is a 5 minute walk as are several consulate offices. The Tudor Village area is very quiet, scenic and residential -- tucked away from some of the busy streets. There are some nice little parks with river views just upstairs outside the hotel. Despite the few minor limitations, this hotel was perfect -- can't beat the quality and price. Felt very safe and staff were always at the door. Would return for sure.	
May 7 2009 	Great hotel great location at a great rate. What else do you need?	We stayed at this hotel for six nights in late April. We were concerned after booking this hotel on Priceline and then seeing the reviews on this site. But those worries were completely unfounded! Really, this hotel is GREAT. Our hotel room was quiet, comfortable and much bigger than we had expected. I think they may have upgraded us but I'm not absolutely sure. We also found our room to be very clean although we did encounter a cockroach in the bathroom on our very last night. But we were extremely happy with our hotel room, especially considering the price we paid. My only minor quibble is the high price of their wifi connection ($15 per night) and use of their computers in the business center (works out to be $5 for 15 minutes). However, a nice and pretty staff member did give me 30 minutes of complimentary computer usage when one of their computers froze on me.To maximize your enjoyment of this hotel, I would highly recommend familiarizing yourself with the bus system! The stop for the 42 and 104 is kitty-corner from the hotel. Both buses will take you to Grand Central Station and Time Square. The 42 will also take you the Circle Line Ferry, Port Authority Bus Terminal and the Javitz Convention Center. And both the 42 and 104 will literally drop you RIGHT IN FRONT of the hotel on the way back. I know Grand Central is a short walk but if you have an Unlimited Ride MetroCard, jumping on the bus (which comes frequently) will help save the feet. The northbound 27 and 50 buses can be taken across the street from the hotel to the north on 2nd Ave. and either bus will take you to Rockfeller Center, and some great shopping such as Saks 5th Ave. The invaluable southbound 15 bus can be taken on 2nd Ave. as well and this bus will take you down to the East Village, Lower East Side and down to Battery Park. This bus is great as there is limited subway coverage in the East Village and Lower East Side. On the way back, the 27, 50 and 15 will drop you right in front of the UN. Take the stairs on the west side of 1st Ave and take the short walk back to the hotel through the quiet and historic neighbourhood of Tudor City. As for the hotel location, it is located at the eastern end of 42nd Street. 42nd street is generally a bustling street but it is quiet east of 3rd Ave. There is a grocery store just a block south of the hotel. Lots of dining choices toward the west along 42nd St. and in the north and south directions along 2nd Ave. I recommend trying the Good Burger located a block north from the hotel on 2nd Ave, or the Oyster Bar Restaurant at Grand Central. As for shopping, there is a nice variety of shopping options along Lexington Ave and a block to the west of Grand Central.	
May 1 2009 	Comfortable stay - great rate.	Stayed 4/16 because won rate for $85 / night. Room was small but adequate and decorated comfortably. 9 year daughter thought ghost was in room because light in closet would turn on and off when it wanted. Liked how there are controls at the nightstand that controls all the lights to bathroom and all lamps in room. Hair dryer vent was rusty and fell out when I was drying my hair. Front desk staff was indifferent... not friendly, not rude. Bellman took our luggage from Taxi to front desk but did not offer to take to room. Location was okay. Grand Central Terminal within 10 minute walk and can catch subway. We walked to Macy's from the hotel which isn't bad on a nice day and with comfortable shoes. Nice place to stay if you just need a place to rest your head. Shouldn't be spending too much time in room anyway, right.	
May 1 2009 	Perfectly nice hotel only issue was the location	I got this hotel through hotwire so I wasn't expecting too much, especially based upon the reviews here, but I was pleasantly surprised.We arrived about an hour early but were allowed to check in. Although I had only booked a room with one double bed they gave us one with with 2 queens as we were mother and daughter. The room was spacious with a flat screen tv and a perfectly fine bathroom.The only real negative was the location. I am used to staying more centrally in NY. From this hotel to Time Square is a good 15 minute walk, if not more. There is a bus you can take from outside the hotel (warning: the buses do not accept notes), but I prefer to walk around the city so it was a little far out for me.The only other things to say really are that the coridoors had a very odd smell to them, the coffee machine was in the bathroom, which is rather strange and the television kept re-setting itself to the welcome screen in the middle of programmes. I asked at the front desk for someone to look at it while I was out, but nothing was ever done. Also the concierge we saw on the first day was useless - I asked for details of a tour and he said he had none but if I wanted he could book it, when I said I needed more information, he just shrugged! The concierge who was there on the day I left was far more helpful.	
Apr 25 2009 	Great Hotel Good for Small Function	I stayed at this hotel for a one night function. When I check in they upgraded me to the top floor with a terrace. It was a small terrace but very nat. Room was great with a jacuzzie tub toliet and bidet and all the amenities. The TV as a big flat screen. We held a small function for 25 attendees. The event went well and everything was perfect for the set up. The function room was downstairs. Costs were well under control with this hotel. The hotel is near the UN. There is a off site $11 parking nearby from the hotel. You have to ask them about that as regular valet is $45 a day flat rate. They do charge for internet but I could not log on to the site the only downside to the stay.The lobby is a little older but still clean and friendly. There are a lot of resturants and shops around a CVS pharmacy down the street. I took the #7 subway to timjes square and saw Chicago that night. Alll in all very impressive for the price!	
Apr 24 2009 	Would never stay here again	This 4 day break was a suprise holiday for my partners 40th birthday. We travelled as a family of three. Myself, my partner and my 12 year daughter. Can't actually think of anything good to say about this hotel other than olcation.On arrival late at night we were told the room we were allocated consited of only 1 large bed for all 3 of us to sleep in. Our booking invoice advised of a triple guest room. However the hotel reception advised that this is what was meant by a triple guest room. Not prepared to stay in this we were offered a second room with 2 beds that was dirty with a rusty air conditioning vent over one of the beds. After 2 more room changes that were also totally unsuitable, we were offered a referbished room but with only 1 bed. We had to stay in this as we were told there was no alternative. Next day we were offered a upgrade but which we had to pay extra for. This was not made available to us till 5.30 in the evening and even then they were still wiring the t.v. together! Other issues that arose include room service where the cheese platter we ordered contained mould all down one side on a piece of chedder cheese and tuna that tasted sour. Reception staff were very unhelpful everything that was requested i.e. extra cup for the room never arrived and when we asked for extra pillows we were that they had none but we could fold up sheets to act as pillows. My daughter and I came back with bites from the room on our legs. This hotel should be named faulty towers and is not a 4 star hotel. TJ Manchester	
Apr 23 2009 	very pleasant surprise	As we read in other reviews, we got our booking at the Tudor via priceline. Due to what we had read, we called the hotel to see what sort of room it would be. It would have been one double bed and unrenovated. We upgraded for $30 (so it was $125 total) to a renovated room with 2 double beds. This isn't bad for a decent location in Manhatten. It was a very nice room with a view of the East River and we had absolutely no complaints about the room/bath. It is annoying to pay $15.95 for the internet and the breakfast is expensive ($20 for full buffet and $16 for cold). However, on the next block (between 2nd and 3rd) we found Teresa's - very good.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great location some older rooms	We got our room on Priceline for a great rate. I didn't have high expectations considering how much I paid for the room but from the pictures on the website it didn't look too bad. Our flight got in late and we finally got to the hotel around midnight. When we checked into the hotel they only had the older unrenovated smoking rooms available. When we got off the elevator the whole floor just smelled of smoke. For non-smokers like myself that can be quite disturbing. Luckily, the room wasn't too smoky. The room was a typical small NY hotel room. It was clean but did feel a bit dated. The beds were comfortable enough and the hotel was surprisingly quiet. The hotel is located just a few blocks from Grand Central Station. The location was quite good in that you were close to everything but just far away enough to avoid all the noise of the area.	
Apr 22 2009 	NIce room good location good price!	I booked this hotel on Hotwire 3 months in advance at what I thought was a good price ($159/night) for what was described as a 3.5 star hotel in mid east side . We make regular trips to visit our son so we know finding a nice room in Manhattan under $200 is a bargain. You have to remember your ARE in NYC Manhattan where nothing is inexpensive. After blind booking this hotel, I did have some worries when I read very mixed reviews on this hotel at several websites. I am not sure why all the complaints because the lobby, bar ,dining area and room were very nice and the staff seemed very professional. Our room in the North Tower (#1010) was updated with a modern bath, flat screen TV and very comfortable bed and pillows and looked out on 42nd St.. The desk clerk said all the rooms had now been updated. Granted it was a small room, maybe 2 ft on one side of bed and 4 ft on the other and 5 ft at the bottom but that is fairly normal for mid price Manhattan hotels. One nice thing, there were only 6 rooms on the floor so very quiet. Hotel was conveniently located for our main purpose of visiting our son on East 75 St. It is a 3.5 block walk to Grand Central and 8 blocks to Times Square--not bad. A drug store, food market and grocery store all within 2 blocks. We ate breakfasts for 2 at Dave's (as recommended) up at 44th ($24 with tip), or McD's($8) down at 37th or Pax's ($12) on 42nd between 3rd and Lex. Did not use any of the Tudor dining facilities, so no comment. Had minimal need for staff but they all were friendly and solicitous when we did. Would defintely consider this hotel again. But it is more a 3 star than 3.5 star.	
Apr 19 2009 	Lovely hotel at a good location but not perfect.	We stayed at the Tudor for 4 nights and had two rooms. The rooms size were fine, decorated nicely and were always cleaned really well each day. The doorman and concierge were very helpful and pleasant. Great location, close to Grand Central Station, United Nations Building and plenty of good shopping and restaurants close by. My two complaints were: the TV was acting up and we requested it to be fixed but it wasn't and the walls are thin so noise in the hallways can be heard easily. The Hotel did stay fairly quiet while we were there and so the hallway noise didn't disturb us too much, and we were quite tired at the end of the day and slept well on the very comfortable beds. Too bad about the TV, because it is a nice big flat screen. For New York City, the price we paid on the rooms was great and I would stay there again.	
Apr 18 2009 	Nice hotel in a good area with easy access to all of Manhattan	The hotel is only a few blocks from the subway and trains at Grand Central and within walking distance of Times Square and other attractions. We liked the elegant feel of the hotel, the rooms and hotel were well-kept. The only problems we had were the size of the room (pretty tight with 2 double beds), regulation of the temperature in the room and the bathroom steaming up after showers. Otherwise, good amenities including a small fitness center, sauna, etc. Could use free Wifi and a pool.	
Apr 14 2009 	Quiet Location Pleasant Stay	Purchased this hotel through Hotwire for $125/night for 4 days over Easter. Originally rated as a 3.5 star hotel, Hotwire informed me that it had downgraded this hotel to a 3 star hotel based on feedback from members. With this in mind, as well as, reviewing the past guests' comments, I had fairly reasonable expectations.Prior to staying, I contacted the hotel directly to request a non-smoking, two bedded, newly rennovated room (as past reviewers have suggested). Katarzyna, quickly responded and indicated that she would place a note in my folio with my requests, which I realized was all that could be done. I actually emailed Katarzyna several times and she was quick to respond each time and most helpful. Upon check in we were given a beautiful room in the north tower with two beds, non-smoking, and newly rennovated. Considering this was Easter and that the hotel was fully booked, I was quite pleased with the upgrade.Although our room on the third floor has no view, it was quiet, clean and comfortable. The beds were great and the bathroom quite spacious. Yes, the hotel is historic and there are the odd annoyances that one gets from a historic property, but all in all the charm of this hotel is not lost with the rennovations.About the rennovations...at times I had to remind myself that the room had undergone a rennovation. The carpet was clearly new, the window treatments, light fixtures and bedding were all obviously new and upgraded. The walls were painted and the room had a flatscreen T.V. However, there were elements of the rennovation that just did not make sense. For example, the decision to keep the original wooden headboards and wooden furniture, which are clearly out of place with the T.V. stand (modern). Also, for a newly rennovated room, one would not expect the door handles in the bathroom to be coming off, the light switch in the bathroom to be broken, and the complete absence of a toilet paper roll holder in the bathroom. Also, the very automated lighting control panel in the room had incorrect labels on what lights each button controls. In one case someone had written on the wall plate, in pen, the switch for the bathroom. Clearly I do not understand why the rennovation would not be complete instead of piecemeal.However, that said, I really cannot fault the hotel on any other aspects. There are complimentary papers on the bell desk in the morning (Wall Street Journal &amp; The New York Times). There is a Starbucks at the corner of 42nd and 2nd Avenue (turn left when exiting out the front door and walk about 100 steps, it is open at 6:30 on weekdays and at 7:00 on weekends). The bus stop is located at 42nd street and 2nd Avenue (turn left when exiting the front door, cross 2nd Avenue, and the cross 42nd Street to the bus stop) The number 42 bus goes all the way across 42nd street to the Hudson River, passing Times Square on the way. The number 104 bus also goes to Times Square and then up 8th Avenue. The &quot;Grand Central 42nd Street&quot; subway stop is about 2 blocks to the west (again, turn left coming out the front door, walk for about 5-8 minutes and the entry is on the left) A Metrocard for $7.50/person/day is a great option if staying under 4 days. If over 4 days, the $25/person Metrocard is good for 7 days of unlimited travel, which is a great convenience since it allows seemless transfers from bus to subway and subway to bus. (read: &quot;no hassles&quot;) The number 15 bus that runs south on 2nd Avenue goes to South Street Seaport and eventually ends up near Battery Park and the ferry to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island.Really enjoyed the Tenement Museum this time in NYC. It is located in the Lower East Side at Allen &amp; Delancy. (Delancy subway stop on the &quot;F&quot; line). I also tried the NYC Transit Museum in Brooklyn Heights and found this to be quite interesting as well.The best and cheapest way from JFK to Manhatten is the AirTrain from JFK to Jamaica station ($5/person) Then take the &quot;E&quot; train, which is express, to Manhatten. We timed it at 45 minutes to 1 hour depending on subway traffic. If going to the Tudor Hotel, you will need to switch to the number 6 train (green line) at Lexington Avenue and take the number 6 train one stop to Grand Central 42 Street. The hotel is only a 10 minute, easy, walk to the east.The hotel is in a quiet area of the city, but the action is only a 10 minute (or less) bus ride to the west. I enjoyed coming back to this area of town at night to sleep, which was quite easy in the very comfortable bed. I had no issues with the air conditioning or heating, of which we used both during our stay over Easter.Overall, I was quite pleased with the hotel, it's staff, and the value that I received for the price paid. I would have no reservations about staying here again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Our first NYC disappointment	We have been visiting New York (and other US and Canadian cities) for almost 25 years - usually two or three times a year. Our Easter 4-night stay at the Tudor was our first disappointment.The room they gave us was an adequate single, certainly not a room for two people. Clue: there was just one chair. That chair blocked access to the bed. The small queen bed had a poor quality mattress which meant that our sleep was disturbed. The room was too small for a roller bed. My wife slept on the floor. So much for our wedding anniversary!Our several requests for a room change were met with 'We're full'. Also, the staff unforgiveably referred to our travel agent (Hotwire) in poor terms, saying that their only obligation with Hotwire bookings was to supply a room with a bed. I discovered how much they had been paid for our reservation and am confident that it was much higher than the rates paid for a group at the same time.After two nights of discomfort, my comments may have worked and they agreed to put us in what they called a junior suite. This was far better than our original room. If we had been there for the whole time, our report would have been more complimentary.They advertise a fitness centre. This was closed for rfurbishment.They advertise high speed wifi. The outrageous charge is $14.95 + tax. Internet use in the business centre is $20 per hour if I understood correctly. We declined both.American buffet breakfast is $22 per person. We found a diner round the corner where we were well satisfied for $22 for the two of us.We booked the Tudor as a 4-star hotel. After selling us the room, Hotwire told us they had re-rated the hotel as 3* and offered us $25 a night ($100) off a future booking.If we had wanted a 3* hotel, we would have booked a 3* hotel.	
Apr 9 2009 	Would not go back again	Room is old. With the price I paid, should have stayed somewhere better.	
Apr 5 2009 	Good location smallish room	We stayed at the Tudor Hotel between 16 - 19 March 2009. The room we had was quite small although that may be because it's NYC. Very comfortable bed although the bath was a bit small to relax after a hard day's shopping! It was quiet and we couldn't hear a lot of street noise, all in all a pleasant stay for the price we paid on priceline.com.	
Apr 3 2009 	Hot Hot Hot - and not in a good way!	My experience at this hotel was AWFUL. The room was 80 degrees and even though I told them 5 times and had at least 2 engineers look at it, it was never fixed during my stay. The window pane had a HUGE crack in it that I was so paranoid about it due to the fact that I had to keep the window open the whole time to try and cool the room down. I was in town for an interview and getting ready for an interview is NOT pleasant when you're sweating after getting out of the shower. The room had no tissues and only one bar of soap (only the small bar to keep by the sink - there was nothing for the shower which I discovered while already in the shower). As an added bonus, when I went to call to find out when the check out time was, the phone didn't work either. They offered no apology, explanation, or compensation. I only paid $95/night through Priceline, but it still wasn't worth it.	
Apr 1 2009 	Adequate But Forgettable	This is an updating hotel that is part of the 1920s &quot;Tudor City&quot; development next to the UN. It remains under construction (no noise when I was there) and the common areas are still pretty run down.The rooms themselves, however, are recently updated (at least the ones that I saw). At first, I was put in a tiny room with barely enough space to turn around. When I went back to ask where the rest of my room was, they upgraded me to a &quot;deluxe room.&quot; This is the room I will review here. The room was on the 16th floor. It was irregularly shaped and had a column in the middle. The good news is that it had an extremely comfortable bed, a terrace (with no view) and a plasma-screen TV. It had recently been redone with new carpeting and bathroom fixtures. The linens and toiletries were adequate. It is clean enough and has decent water pressure at consistent temperatures.If all you want is a nice room, this place is pretty well-positioned to compete with a Courtyard by Marriott, albeit in an old, architecturally-significant building. You will not be disappointed if you think you are buying 2.5 star room. You won't scream if it's booked as a 3-star hotel. But if this place is sold to you as a 3.5 star upscale hotel, you wil be sorely disappointed.I blind-booked the hotel, and doubt very much that I would knowingly book the same place. There are many other, more worthy, better-located hotels in the City.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location!	Stayed in the Tudor last week (w/b 23 March) and have no complaints whatsoever. the hotel is perfectly situated for exploration on foot - Chrysler Building, Grand Central and Times Square all within a short walk. Room was great. Only complaint is the very expensive breakfast so eat out!	
Mar 30 2009 	Great location - Great deal	Got a great deal on this hotel through Priceline and I believe I got more than I paid for. The rooms are average size for a NY hotel, I think their pictures on the website are pretty close to how they look. The location is perfect if you want easy access to the subway/buses to get to other parts of the city and there are plenty of garages around the hotel if needed. You can also park on the street on Sundays - no charge! - just read the signs so you don't park in a diplomat spot. Tudor city is a quiet and quaint part of the city where there are unique building and attractive gardens to view. The neighborhood is so quiet we were able to sleep with the window open! which brings me to my only complaint (of course there's always something) The heating/cooling system in our room wasn't working, we got to the room at 6pm and it was terribly hot for us, 75F degrees! so we turned down the thermostat and left the room for the evening hoping it would be cool when we returned. Unfortunately we didn't get back until 2:30 a.m. and the room was still 75 degrees. Wanting to sleep and not deal with maintenance or moving rooms we just opened the windows which provided some relief. I mentioned this issue at checkout and their reply was that I should have called. I explained to them why I didn't and they shrugged thier shoulders. It was kind of a bad note to leave on but overall I think the hotel is great if you can get a deal and I would definitely stay here if I can get a good price again.	
Mar 23 2009 	Pretentious without reason.	I called the hotel directly, requesting a room with two beds and a quiet area away from the elevator and was told that there would be no problem. When I arrived, there were no rooms with two beds, and the room I had been given was about 6 feet from the elevator. I was given another room without enough space for a cot, the heat in the bathroom did not work, the carpeting was coming up in multiple areas, and the room was not clean, but not filthy. A day later I was given a room with two beds, but again the heat in the bathroom did not work, the water pressure was very low, the television did not work well, the carpeting was coming up in multiple areas, and the room was again not very clean. In the almost two weeks I was there, the carpet appeared to be vacuumed only every few days as was the cleaning. The water was turned off one day with no notice. I called the manager multiple times, but he was never available and never returned my calls. I would have moved to another hotel, but my stay included Easter and Spring break and there were no other convenient hotels. My letter to the president of the company was not answered. This hotel promotes itself as luxury and upscale, but it is pretentious with poor service and shows no attempt to make the guest comfortable or treat them as any more than a commodity.	
Mar 3 2009 	Very comfortable room in a good location with courteous staff	The Tudor hotel is a stones throw from the UN so was ideal for my business trip. Grand Central is a short walk away (5 mins) and Times Square is just a bit further down (10 mins)Staff are very polite and efficient. I arrived at 1pm (earlier than check in time of 3pm) and room wasn't ready, however the receptionist completed the registration and had my bags stored for me. When I came back later they upgraded me and apologized for not having a room ready when I arrived.The room I had was a King on the 7th floor. There was nothing interesting about the view but the tv, bed and bathroom were spot on. Check out was very smooth and the bellhop had a taxi and my bags in the trunk in a flash. I didn't eat at the tudor as there is some good diners and restaurants nearby (for breakfast try Johns Cafe on the corner of 44th and 2nd) For a great lunch at excellent prices, the nearby Palm restaurant does a business lunch (3 course) for $21 and I would highly recommend it.Overall a very pleasant experience, especially considering the special rate of $290 for 2 nights through hotels.com	
Mar 1 2009 	Excellent value surprisingly large rooms for New York	I loved this Hotel, staff were very helpful, helped with bags, always said hello, helped us get a taxi and the hotel itself is only 5-10minutes from Grand Central Station!!Didnt use any of the food facilities, but there is an excellent cafe / restaurent opposite central station, think it was called Central Bar.The rooms were amazing!! Two large beds, tons of space around the bed, excellent TV and good range of channels, bathroom was large, clean and the complimentary shampoo etc,, were refreshed daily. large cupboards for storage, and beds were made everyday when we returned to our rooms.Only problem me and my sister encountered is we could not figure out how to use the coffee / tea pot, and had to go to a Starbucks nearby to get our fix of a cup of tea!!	
Feb 18 2009 	some of the stupidest low rent mistakes i've seen in a hotel.	super shabby around the edges. lamp in room had no lightbulb, and desk girl wanted to give my husband attitude about him asking for one. mattress had no mattress pad until i asked for one - just a thin flat sheet barely tucked in, that pulled out when we sat on the bed. ridiculous. wall-unit hairdryer in bathroom required a socket to plug into - but was installed on a wall with no electrical outlet. where i'm from we call this the redneck handyman special.toilet tank had the wrong size ball on the lever, so the toilet wouldn't flush unless we lifted up one edge of the tank. we don't have a name for this where i'm from.all furnishings looked like they were purchased third-hand from a third-rate hotel going out of business. and who still charges for wireless access, especially in a city where you're likely to be within ten feet of an open signal on any given corner? just plain tacky.... oh and this was in the &quot;just renovated&quot; wing of the joint. definitely pass on this one.	
Feb 12 2009 	Ok for price and 3-star hotel	The hotel is located on the quiet side of 42nd street, 5 mins walk to the subway station or take the M42 bus. Booked through Hotwire and got an amazing deal close to the Xmas season. Expect hotel and rooms to be small - that's Manhattan living if one's under budget.	
Jan 23 2009	Shame about the UN	Really is a shame. Do the tour and look for signs of the moribund organisation it is.On the other hand, the Hotel is well placed for the tour, on 42nd Street, close by 5th Avenue. Hence it is well located. Uptown and Downtown come easy by metro from Grand Central, 3 blocks away. The rooms seemed to be french-style small and OK for 3-4 nights. We welcomed the free internet connection.The breakfasts are excellent. Friendly bar staff at night. There are an abundance of eateries just outside the hotel. With UNO bureaucrats to support the prices, they are a little high by NYC standards.	
Jan 19 2009 	Not impressed	I should start the review by admitting that I haven't yet been to New York city and stayed in a hotel that I felt provided decent value. The name brands are always so expensive, and the off-name brands always disappoint. So from that perspective, the Tudor is no different I guess.The room was tiny, and incredibly hot. I'm pretty sure my window was right beside the kitchen exhaust for a local restaurant, because my room smelled like old steak all night, and greasy breakfast in the morning.This hotel is a relic, and not one that I'm likely to stay in again.That said, I felt generally safe and the hotel was clean, so I'm giving it two stars instead of one. Gotta save one star for the truly awful places!	
Jan 14 2009 	Thank you Price Line	I booked my room through Priceline and was given the Tudor Hotel. There was mixed reviews on Trip Advisor so I didn't know what to expect when I arrived at the hotel. The lobby was very nice. When I checked I did request a renovated room. I was assigned a room on the 10th floor facing the East River. The room was redone and was very clean. I have no complaints except that the breakfast buffet is way over priced $20 +. Ate somewhere else but otherwise I would stay at this hotel again. Thanks Priceline!	
Jan 10 2009 	Classic Tudor Hotel Great HQ	We visited New York over Christmas 2008 for a week and the Tudor Hotel was an excellent headquarters. Located at the quiet eastern end of 42nd Street near the UN, it was a relief to come &quot;home&quot; and get away from the NYC crowds. It is a charming old brick building on the outside and up to date on the inside. A minor beef: We wanted to stay in a classic vintage NYC hotel, but the interiors, bathrooms, etc. had all the historic finishes and features removed during a big renovation. Our room looked out to the Tudor Apartments that give Tudor City its name; the penthouse was in the Spiderman movies - very cool.Our small suite was well priced, clean, warm, quiet and comfortable. Hotel staff and service were excellent. Only ate one meal (breakfast) in the restaurant; give it a miss and go the Pret a Manger cafe down the block.This hotel is close to Grand Central and so perfect to head out uptown or downtown or cross town.	
Jan 4 2009	Never Again	The lobby and downstairs of the hotel give the impression that it is a decent place to stay, but it is definitely not. We booked two nonsmoking rooms and ended up with one nonsmoking room, and the smoking floor was absolutely horrible. We could barely breath and ended up opening the windows even though it was around 30 degrees outside. Also, when we walked into our room, the TV and lights were on and a chair was situated in front of the TV as if someone were just watching it. In the other room, one of the mugs still had coffee in it, yet was covered with a white sleeve. The bed was like a board and nothing felt clean. The only plus was that they have nice body products (Bath &amp; Body Works) and the shower had good water pressure.	
Dec 19 2008	Decent for the price.....	Like pretty much everyone else on here (or so it seems), I too got a room here via Priceline. After submitting a ridiculously (for NYC) low bid of $98 for a &quot;3.5 star upscale&quot; hotel and learned that it was at the Tudor Hotel. Read the reviews here so I was prepared for a not so nice hotel. I'm beginning to think that the Preferred Hotel group, of which the Tudor belongs, just refers to old, not so well kept hotels!Anyway, the service was quite pleasant and the check-in clerk did not hesitate to grant my request for a higher floor for my room even though it was via Priceline. Of course, it was in the North Tower which I believe is the older and unrenovated portion. The room had two twin beds, a small tv, worn carpeting, drapes that barely closed (with a clip provided by the hotel), and a bathroom that while somewhat clean still needed major renovation (mold, drain in the tub that is clogged). Again, given the price for a centrally-located hotel IN Manhattan, I should not complain, but I hope that the people who pay the rack rates (over $270 for the night I was staying there) get a nicer room because this is definitely not an upscale hotel, more 2.5 stars than 3.5 stars. Location is great as there are restaurants and coffee shops nearby on 2nd Ave and Grand Central Station/5th Ave is another couple of long blocks away.	
Dec 18 2008 	Cozy older hotel in great location	I stayed one night at the Tudor after having been assigned this hotel by Priceline for $150, which is a great bargain right before Christmas. I was a bit concerned after reading the reviews on this site, but I had a great experience. The hotel is a few blocks from Grand Central Station--very easy walking distance (5 minutes), yet far enough away to be quiet. The hotel itself is a historical landmark and looks and feels like it--it certainly is not a large business hotel with huge lobby and a lot of restaurants. This is definitely more like a charming NYC apartment building. Upon check-in, we were upgraded to a suite free of charge, which was a much appreciated gesture. Apparently, the standard room you get through Priceline is extremely small. The suite, though not very large either, had a living room, bedroom and a very nice bathroom with a jetted tub and dual sink. Overall, the room felt a little dated with clunky standard TVs and slightly worn furniture when compared to business hotels, but cozy and almost like someone's apartment. The bed was extremely comfortable. On their website they mention remodeled rooms, which this was apparently not. But again, it was charming and cute. The room was on the 12th floor, and the view wasn't much, though you could see the UN building over the tops of some other buildings (windows actually open, which is a nice feature). This suite did not have a balcony.  Service was very pleasant and professional, and the hotel was clean and inviting. There was no room service available, and no mini bar in the room. This is not a four or five star business hotel, but a charming, cozy place ideal for sightseeing or a romantic getaway. Given the fantastic location, great price, and very friendly front-desk staff, I would recommend this hotel--but be aware that the standard rooms seem to be extremely small.	
Dec 14 2008 	Nice stay	As far as nyc prices go, we got a good deal on the Tudor from priceline. The staff was very friendly. The room was very small but clean, cozy and nicely decorated. The bathroom was nice, except for the drain, the tolietries were awesome! Lemon verbena!It did really suck that the $15 wireless internet service was not working on my floor but I was able to get online in the lobby.We asked for a late check out and I was so impressed that they graciously gave us til 2:00! (maybe to make up for internet not working).All in all, it was quite nice.	
Dec 12 2008 	It's ... Ok.	I booked a room through Priceline and paid about $200 (including tax) so for that price it wasn't bad. The room was small and very clean, but old and worn down for the most part. The carpet was stained and buckling, but looked like it had been recently cleaned. Same with the bathroom - the faucet handle and toilet flusher were wobbly but worked. The water pressure was good and it had a new spotless shower curtain. The toiletries from Bath &amp; Bodyworks were also nice. The bed was comfortable, but the rest of the furniture looked ancient and heavily used. For one night, it was fine, but it needs renovation to really be a 4 star hotel.	
Dec 3 2008 	Great location poor room and bed	We booked this hotel via priceline. It was offered as a 3.5 star. The location is fantastic - a short walk to Grand Central and a comfortable walk to Time Sq, Bryant Park, Central Park, Rockafeller Center. Service was helpful.The room was poor to average. Small room. Ok view. Very dirty windows. Mold in shower. Large crack in marble counter in bathroom that was patched up poorly. Bed was not supportive at all and very saggy - there was about 6&quot; difference between sides and middle - back breaking.It was tolerable because the location was so great. Had I known the room would be like this, I would have bid lower $ on priceline. It was not worthy of a 3.5 star rating - maybe 2.5 or 3.I think the hotel has great rooms for regular paying guests, and has a block of older/dingy rooms for priceline guests.I would definitely recommend this hotel if guaranteed a newer room. If booking thru priceline, you are taking a chance.	
Dec 2 2008	A Nice Change of Pace	We used a &quot;blind booking&quot; site for the first time and were a little nervous to see where we'd end up. We were pleasently surprised. On check-in we asked for and were immediately given a courtesy upgrade to a king room. The room was large and nicely furnished. The bathroom was also large and had a jacuzzi. There was no view. The room was clean. I have a feeling that those who were unhappy with this hotel were in older, smaller rooms. This is not a state-of-the-art chain hotel. It's a cozy hotel with lots of personality in a terrific neighborhood. Staff was very nice.	
Nov 9 2008 	Excellent and well situated	We found the hotel very comfortable - a good sized room with TV, decent bathroom and comfortable bed. We arrived late at night after a flight and were greeted by friendly and attentive staff. We ordered room service which was tasty and brought to us with remarkable speed. This is a huge place, but it felt friendly yet professional. Staff were good, security seemed good and the location is superb for discovering midtown. Would recommend	
Oct 14 2008 	OK for a one night stay	This hotel was OK for a short last-minute stay in NYC. We had a standard queen room and it was very small. We kept joking that it reminded us of a stateroom on a cruise. If you are staying awhile and have a lot of stuff the room would be cramped pretty quickly, although there was a closet in the room. We were on the 11th floor and had nothing to see out the window but a brick wall and no sunlight. Lots of noises from the hallway came into the room in the morning as people started to get out. The bathroom was very small as well, with a column or wall bump out right in front of the toilet, making it an awkward experience.The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. We didn't use any of the services although the mini-bar looked to be empty. It was locked and we weren't offered a key but I didn't inquire. The location was good. It's a short walk to Grand Central Station to hop on the subway, and there is a good breakfast place in-between the hotel and Grand Central.Overall I would stay again considering the price I got on Priceline, but I would stay at another hotel for a better price. All hotels in NYC are overpriced but that's life in the city.	
Oct 8 2008 	Great Stay..	Stayed for 3 nights in the Tudor Hotel at the start of September, room was small enough, but very clean, as was the bathroom. Its a great location, we walked up from Grand Central when we arrived in NYC, and its only about a 5 minute walk. Also there is a bus stop right outside the hotel which is very handy. The staff were very helpfull and couldnt have been nicer, giving advise on where to go and what to do. And also directions to the Irish bars in the area! (And to what ones not to go too). I would stay here again no problem at all.	
Oct 6 2008 	didn't like it	Overall wasn't really satisfied with the Tudor. We did get a great rate through Hotwire and the hotel is in a very central location, also the lobby is pretty nice. However, the room really disappointed me. It was small, dark, and depressing. The bed was lumpy, and the bathroom was really tiny. It just didn't seem clean and it had an old, dated feeling. The towels are really thin and the sheets were really worn. our iron was also broken. I really wouldn't recommend to anyone, even if you get a good price. It's probably worth it to pay more.	
Oct 5 2008 	Old and needs an update	The Tudor Hotel in NYC is an historical landmark and, could be a great hotel. Instead, even though we reserved a junior suite, the room was cramped with 1970's era design and amenities. Combined with the dismal relics of design (believe me, it is not a boutique hotel that oozes nostalgia), the tub drain did not work, nor did the mini-bar. Instead of wiring new updated phones and getting rid of the old ones, they had both working and non-working phones installed. The working phone was not by the beds either. We went with the Tudor because we expected a large room (didn't get it), a good deal (didn't get it), and the ease of being right by Grand Central (we got that). However, besides the excellence and personality of the staff, especially the woman who brought up two plates of fries (she was awesome, the fries were $18), the Tudor was a waste of money. There are better deals in NYC and bigger rooms. The Tudor needs a major update to its rooms, and then maybe it will be a great NYC hotel. Also, if you reserve a room with them, make sure you get a confirmation receipt in writing, including the price, they charged us an extra $20 from what they quoted over the phone. Bad business policy.	
Oct 2 2008	Beautiful room in nice neighbourhood	When we checked in at the Tudor, we mentioned that we were celebrating our 12.5 anniversary, and inquired whether it would be possible to get a romantic room. The receptionist said that the hotel was quite full, but she would discuss with the manager whether she could change the room. The room we got upon arrival (standard room) was nice for NYC standards, although the bed was too small: my boyfriend had to ly down diagonally. Next morning we received a call that we would be upgraded to a junior suite.So we went into town and returned to get the key for the other room. It was quite spectacular I must say (we honestly had not expected to be upgraded, rather to be moved for instance to a room with a view). It was a room with a queen bed (extremely comfortable), very spaceous with a separate corner with couch and chairs and table, and a nice bathroom. It was very comfy, not only because of the space and the furniture, but also because of little things like being able to iron your clothes and having water and sweets on the table (I particularly liked the latter!). The cleaners really did a good job and made sure there was no lack of anything. Spending a few days in this hotel, in this room, really made our anniversary a memorable one.The only downside really was the fact that we had booked the hotel through another website, but when we came home it turned out Tudor had booked some 800 dollars off my creditcard (I'm guessing this was miscommunication on the upgrade). Fortunately it took just one email to get the money back.All in all, if you can get a room in the Tudor at a reasonable price, I would definitely recommend it.	
Sep 22 2008 	Good stay at the Tudor	It was worth investing in a suite at the Tudor, which we did. It was one of the newly refurbished rooms, which although expensive, had everything we needed. The bed was large and comfy, there was a CD player in the room, and the marble bathroom had a jacuzzi bath and nice sink area. Our separate lounge area had a sofa, a dresser, coffee table and lamps. There was a safe in the room, hairdryer and complimentary water. The lobby area of the hotel is a little dated but it's not horrible, like some reviews suggest. The location is two blocks from Grand Central station, so central enough but away from the buzz of Times Square. It's possible to walk to the Empire State Building in about 20 minutes or so. I would recommend this hotel if you can get a good deal and secure one of the newly-refurbished rooms.	
Sep 21 2008 	There's the good and the bad	We stayed on a popular weekend, so prices were high, $300 before taxes. The good is: the room is quiet, as is the the a/c. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom and tolietries were nice. The bad is: the room was a little dusty (especially with the sun shining in) and the hotel had a tired feeling. There was a mini bar, but it was empty and used as a tv stand. We booked a junior suite, which it was not. It was one square room that also had a couch. If we had paid a bargain price, it would have been fine. I do love the location, 2 blocks from Grand Central, but in a quiet location.	
Sep 17 2008 	Tudor at the UN is very charming	I just returned from a trip to NYC. I was there 3 nights and because budget was an issue, I stayed at 3 different hotels, which I bid for on Priceline. The first was the Tudor at the UN. $215. THE UPSIDE: It is a charming, old-world hotel. Each of the three rooms in our party was unique. MY room had two twin beds, which I have only seen in Europe. As I was traveling with my adult son, this was perfect for us. The room was clean and comfortable which was what I needed. If you were to spend a lot of time in the room, it would only accommodate one person, but my companions each had three people in their rooms, their rooms were quite a bit larger and they were quite comfortable. The staff was very helpful and friendly and helped each in our party to get the type of room best suited to them. For one of the rooms this involved a substantial upgrade at no additional cost. The concierge, bell staff, front desk staff were very friendly and helpful, going so far as to give us tips on our destinations for the day. The maintenance staff who I saw here and there (there were no problems that I needed them for) all greeted us with a smile and a &quot;good morning&quot;. THE DOWNSIDE: Although the hotel is lovely and in a lovely neighborhood, it is close to the East River and going out can require a cab or a trip on a crosstown bus to Grand Central to get the subway. We walked for the most part, but that may not be for everyone.	
Sep 12 2008 	very nice hotel good and quite location	we stayed at Tudor Hotel from August 7 to 10th. The room was clean and nice, bathroom pretty big and clean. We asked a few times some info at the desk they were always very kind and helpful. It's in a quite neighborhood, and close to any attractions. nothing negative to say about it.	
Sep 11 2008	Conflicted on what to write	I am somewhat conflicted as far as this hotel goes and whether or not I would recommend someone to stay there or not. We arrived on 9/4 and the two people who checked us in were very pleasant and gave us a room. We dropped off our luggage and went exploring, when we came back around 1:00am we inquired about getting a different room as our room had mold in the tub and in general was very damp. She said it would depend on our reservation, looked it up and said &quot;oh yeah, no we don't have any other rooms available&quot; I had booked on hotwire so I know exactly what she was saying without saying it. Had she said &quot;due to your discounted rate we are unable to move you to a better room&quot; I could have maybe accepted that. But I knew she was blatantly lying to me because I had just checked on the internet and for the length of our stay they still had Superior and Junior Suites available. She just wasn't willing to upgrade us. It was being lied to that has left a sour taste in my mouth with this hotel and the woman working the front desk was extremely rude. So I guess if you book on a discount site for this hotel, that entitles you to a room with mold in the bathroom and damp bedding. With that being said the beds were extremely comfortable (despite being damp feeling) and the room was an OK size for a NY hotel room. We were on the 9th floor of the North tower...no view of any kind except a brick wall, but thats pretty typical in NY. I am also conflicted with whether or not the location of the hotel is convenient or not. I liked the fact that our nearest subway station was Grand Central since most of the subway lines go through there so no matter where we were in the city it was easy to get back to our hotel area. However, every other hotel I have stayed at in NY was a 3 or 4 minute walk from the nearest subway station. While The Tudor is only 2 1/2 blocks from Grand Central it is 2 1/2 NY LONG blocks. Which took about 10 minutes walking at a pretty decent clip. Then because Grand Central is so huge it took about another 5 minutes to get to the correct subway line. So round trip from our hotel we always had to factor an extra half hour into our travel time. There were some very convenient aspects of this location, an Irish bar right across the street (but sadly played country music which I don't care for) a couple of Starbucks within a few blocks, a great diner a couple blocks away (I think its called the Comfort Diner, the hotel Conierge recommended it). The bath amenities in the room were plentiful and were Bath and Body Works, not some cheap off brand. The towels were fluffy (although damp, never dry). When I got home and unpacked my suitcase, all the clothes I had with me smelled musty and damp, so with that as a consideration and the fact that I abhor being lied to I would probably say I will not be staying at the Tudor the next time I am in NY.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great stay at a reasonable price	The Tudor was recommended to me by a friend who had stayed there before for business. From check-in right through my check-out 3 days later, I had a great experience. First, the ladies at reception were exceptionally professional and polite. I had checked with the hotel before my departure about receiving an early-check in (at 9am instead of the customary 3pm) and they were able to acccomodate me with only a brief 5 minute wait while my superior queen room was checked over by housekeeping management.The room, while small by normal North American standards, was a fine size for New York. Everything was very clean and the bedlinens were very soft and comfortable. I ate breakfast at the hotel's restaurant once during my stay. It was overpriced and had the worst eggs ever made in history. Avoid the restaurant if you can.The business centre, while easy to use, charged a very high price for internet access (something crazy like 30 cents a minute!).That said, I would definitely stay at the Tudor again. The neighbourhood is great and I was able to walk easily to the theatre district, Grand Central and the UN.	
Aug 24 2008 	Nice Stay for a night in NYC	I stayed at the hotel one night and didn't have any issues. Upon checking in I was given a free upgrade from a double room to a suite. The hotel staff from check in and leaving were excellent. The room itself was very clean and large given that most hotel rooms in New York were very small. In fact, we had friends staying at the Helmsey Hotel just a block away and they commented how nice our hotel room was and that their room was small and their a/c system didn't work too well. In all, we were very satisfied with our stay.	
Aug 14 2008 	A pleasant surprise!	I was at the Tudor hotel for 3 nights and was really surprised at how lovely it was! Like many other reviews, I quickly came to the conclusion that NYC hotels are very expensive so wasn't really expecting much, particularly as some reviews said the rooms at the Tudor were not very big. However, we clearly got a lucky draw as our room was lovely and really spacious(We had a twin room)! We checked in easy, were never bothered and location wise it is great! A 15 minute walk to Grand Central station and right round the corner from the hotel is a grocery store, subway and Dunkin Donuts shops! What more do you need?!	
Aug 6 2008 	NY is overpriced but this gets you there and is a good option	We tried all kinds of Priceline options to get a hotel in Midtown NYC during late July. Everything is really expensive, so when we got the Tudor and read a few of the bad reviews, we were a bit worried.That being said, the Tudor was great for us. We didn't spend much time in the room, but when we did, it was nice.It was really small, especially the bathroom, but was nice enough, especially for its location. It is just a few blocks from Grand Central Terminal (try the Oyster Bar there by the way), and really convenient to everything.As I said, all of the hotels in NYC are overpriced in my opinion, but the Tudor is a good option for staying in NYC and enjoying everything there is!	
Jul 29 2008 	Better Than Average	The hotel is a little tired, as some other reviewers have noted. Nothing looks brand-new, as it does on their web site images. However, it was not bad at all. Our room (#1118) was fairly clean and fairly large by New York standards - it had a comfortable Queen bed, a desk with a chair, plus two small armchairs and a round table in the corner. And, most importantly for us, it was unbelievably quiet. We heard nothing, day or night, other than room doors on our floor closing (our door, for example, took a little bit of force to close properly). Overall, I would recommend this hotel to most travelers (unless you are one of those people who won't settle for anything less than the Plaza), especially if you can get a good deal on it. We saw a lot of Europeans at the Tudor, most notably Spaniards and Scandinavians.	
Jul 28 2008 	Tudor - Perfect	We booked the Tudor Hotel New York after reading mixed reviews. We returned to London this morning and all 5 people in my party enjoyed our stay there. The queen superior room was clean, not huge in size but adequate for a city hotel. Check in was ok, there was 4 reception staff on hand, and we checked in at 3pm. One of our rooms wasnt ready but they soon changed that within an hour, which wasnt too much bother, as we had a drink the bar. I had notified the hotel on our approximate time prior to arriving. The concierge/bell boy (Moroccan guy Carlos i think) were v.friendly and answered any questions...recommending restaurants, hailing cabs and touristy attractions. The rooms were cleaned daily, bathrooms had adequate towels and in terms of location...it was perfrect, 42nd Street. Its a 5min walk downhill to Grand Central Station and it took us 15mins to get to Battery Park, to catch the ferry to see the statute of liberty. Its a short cab ride to Broadway, Central park for those who dont want to walk. Conveniently there is a bus stop M42 which takes u up to Times Square...Perfect. We didnt eat in the hotel. I cant fault this hotel. We had breakfast daily at Pershing Square, oppo Grand Central Station.Yes the lobby looks a bit worn but the actual rooms were v.cosy, clean carpets and i saw 2 different Queen Superiors 1404 and 1501, and they were more than comfortable.	
Jul 22 2008	Put this hotel to bed it is tired	The best way to describe this hotel is tired. I love, and actually prefer older properties. However, this place has been renovated (if at all) on the cheap. I got their most expensive room (a suite) and boy was I disappointed. Stained carpets, musky smelling room and then just when I had enough, I laid down to watch tv in bed. No can do. No TV! It had been removed. I am sure (well maybe not) if I had called, they would have moved me or brought up one of their tired tv's. Possibly, my expectations are too high, but I don't think I could have slept if I wasn't so exhausted. The bed didn't feel clean and crisp. The restaurant was dank and reminded me of a place I stumbled into about an hour outside of Toronto, not someplace I would expect in NYC.My friend recommended I stay here because she said it was nice. However, it is not nice. It is not even OK. It is not worth any money, let alone what I paid. One last thing, this was during a heat wave and when I walked into the lobby to check in, it was the same temperature as outside. I was envious as I walked to my meetings and passed by newer hotels that burst with air conditioning. Then I went back to the Tudor and to my disappointment.	
Jul 21 2008 	Adequate - a little effort could make it excellent	Finding an acceptable, affordable hotel in midtown Manhattan can always be a bit of a challenge. The Tudor certainly is both. It looks like a good hotel and, in general, it is, but my experience left me with a sense that, with a little attention to detail, it could be much better.The location on East 42nd provides easy, walkable access to may of Manhattan's tourist draws and short taxi or subway trips to the rest. No complaints there.In general, check in and out was easy and pleasant, the room - although tiny - was clean, the bed was comfortable and the hallways seemed quiet - even near the elevators.But little things just didn't get the attention that a well run hotel - regardless of price - gives. On the first morning, one of the coffee cups was obviously not clean. So much for the paper cover implying that they were clean.On another morning, only one bath towel was left on the rack. Travelling by myself, neither of these issues were significant setbacks, but they both left me wondering what could be next.Would I stay here again?Sure. If I had to.	
Jul 21 2008 	a good value if you book on Priceline	I just read the review from the person on 7/18 and had a much different experience than them -- I think that my experience was with one of the remodeled rooms at the Tudor. We booked a queen and when we checked in, the room we got was a queen (room 621). The bathroom seemed to have been recently updated and was clean. The amenities were well above standard for the price I paid for the room -- $145, and we booked it only a week before the trip. The room seemed quite clean. The bath products were nice (bath and body works). The bath towels were incredibly soft and plush and must have been brand new because after using them, we were covered in towel lint. The hotel staff was perfectly nice and accomodating. The safe was large enough for a laptop and other items. The iron worked well, too.The thing I liked the best about this hotel was the control over the lights. There is a &quot;master&quot; control by the door and next to each side of the bed which allows you to control all the lights, the A/C, and the TV in the entire room/bathroom -- you can use this control to turn any one of these items on/off or you can push to turn them all on/off at once. I really hate having to run around a hotel room to turn on/off each individual light when leaving or going to bed, so this little convenience earned big points in my book. As far as location goes, this hotel is not super close to all the hustle and bustle of Times Square, but it's easy walking distance (or a short bus ride) to all that stuff and the neighborhood isn't as touristy. As a result, we were able to find street parking 1 block away from the hotel (at 5pm on a Saturday night) and so we didn't have to pay $40 to park our car for one night. I also really liked that when we walked out the door we weren't overwhelmed with all the flashing lights and craziness that you get when you stay closer to Times Square. I can't say that I'd recommend this place as a &quot;must stay&quot; but if your method of finding a hotel room in NYC is to use Priceline (which some wise travellers told us is the best way to book a room in the city), I wouldn't be concerned at all if the Tudor is the place that bites on your bid.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great location	Tudor was ok ( or more than ok ) for the price. We stayed at Tudor for a week in September 2007.To be honest...looking at their website picture gallery, I did expecta bit more. Room was clean &amp; spacious enough for 2 people.Bathroom was ok..I did notice some cracks in the marble though.Would I stay at Tudor at United Nations again? Definitely.+ Great location, 10 minutes walk to the Grand Central Station.+ Well kept rooms &amp; good size (for Manhattan).Clean bathroom. + Grocery store around the corner	
Jul 18 2008 	mmm...... not sure about this one	After staying at this hotel for one night this past week, I have not decided weather I would consider going back. Firstly, let me say that we got a really good price bidding on Priceline and got the room for about $100 less than the hotel's website. When we checked in, the staff was extremely friendly. We had booked a queen room through priceline due to the lack of options and we were able to change to a double for the same price. Compared to other hotels in New York, the room was very spacious. However, it was very dusty and the bathroom could definitely have been cleaner. The hotel is old, and it showed in this room. The room offered many amenities: iron, blow dryer, safe, trouser press, a table and a desk, two chairs, a nice alarm clock, and Bath and Body Works toiletries. I had not brought my laptop because I had read that internet was very expensive. There were two mosquitoes in the room that we eventually killed and there was a lot of dust flying around that made my allergies act up. The carpet was stained, but I think it's expected in an old hotel. Since it was already later in the evening, we decided to stay in the room. The next morning, while taking a shower, I noticed spider webs by the window. Also, after opening one of the towels that was folded up, we noticed some brownish-yellowish stains..... definitely not good..... The upside is that when we checked out and showed the towel to the hotel's manager she offered to give us breakfast.The hotel's location really depends on your plans in New York. If you plan on walking around, I would recommend getting a hotel closer to the times square area. I hear that the hotel has renovated rooms, the only way I would stay here again is in a renovated room and for that same cheap price.	
Jul 15 2008 	I called the dept. of Health!!	I stayed in the Tudor Hotel and advise against it! I found a dead rat in my room when I was there. Unfortunately for me, I didn't find it until the morning after my stay as I had gotten in late. Needles to say, I left immediately!! There are so many nice hotels in NYC, there is NO NEED to stay in a hotel that has such poor standards of health and cleanliness. I called the dept. of health after staying here....hopefully they will be fined heavily and not make this kind of terrible mistake again. In any event, I completely advise against staying here!!!	
Jul 11 2008	NOT 4 star but OK.....	My partner and I bid on this hotel last minute as I wanted a cheap - but decent - place to catch some sleep because of a 9 hour layover. We got there at about 130am..the staff were nice. The lobby seemed funky and dated, but decent. It had a tad of an old sad, washed out feeling of days of yesteryears...its glamor days long gone.We went into the room and it was small and dark, dirty feeling and creepy. The beds were sagging a little and I felt like I was in a flop house. The bathroom had been remodeled and oddly really fancy and nice... when I discovered the room had wet carpet, I went downstairs and got another room - and wow....what a difference..the next room was very spacious and nice, very clean. The bathroom was once again, very nice and I could tell had been recently remodeled. I would stay there again, but it would not be my first choice and I would make sure I got a nice room. Since I only saw 2 rooms, one horrible and one nice, I cant really say which one represents the hotel as a whole. Hope this helps.	
Jul 7 2008 	Not bad at all - consider this place if you're offered reasonable prices!	My Wife and I contacted the hotel directly back in September 2006, making a booking for 28th December into the New Year of 2007. Because we were booking late, we were not offered great rates, but what we were offered was reasonable and more competitive than a lot of other hotels in Manhattan.When we arrived, I loved the dark wooded Foyer and reception which felt real cosy for the time of year. Check in was prompt and staff were polite and helpful, the Concierge being extremely polite and booking our weeks' tickets for everything we wanted to see.The room was a slight disappointment, but not a complete suprise. Had I brought a cat in my suitcase, there wouldn't have been enough room to swing it...but despite the size, the room was clean and had all the amenties we needed, including internet access. We didn't pay for a great room, so I did not expect a great view through the window - it was basically of a brick wall.The only real negative experience was that the staff looking after the luggage could be rushed off their feet at times. They are willing to put your luggage into a locked room, but for some of the time it was sat out in the reception area until the guys had a chance to clear it (it's a busy hotel, so there's a lot of people and a lot of luggage!). I would not suggest leaving valuables in your bags during this time as reception is right next to the front door of the hotel!We did not eat at the hotel, so I have no opinion of the food offered.Overall, this was a very reasonable hotel, and I enjoyed my stay there. It's not 5* accommodation, but the location is good, staff are pleasant and the rooms are clean.	
Jun 22 2008 	Bad Reviews prompt improvement	We booked this hotel through Priceline based only on general location. We found the small, old style, dark wooden lobby quaint and a nice change from the chain hotels. It seems after reading some of the other reviews, the staff has made some changes. Everyone we encountered was helpful and pleasant. The young man at the front desk commented on my teenage son's towering 6'3' frame, then proceeded to give us a complimentary upgrade to a suite, since the regular rooms are quite small and they had availability. The room was clean, queen beds with pillow tops very comfy, &amp; the bathroom with jacuzi tub was great. They do seem to have a moisture challenge, the rug was rippled, but there was no obvious molds.The food &amp; fresh fruit at the breakfast buffet was generous &amp; tasty. We would not hesitate to stay here again!	
May 30 2008 	Enjoyable Stay	We stayed at the Tudor 22 - 26 May 2008.First impressions were good, it was before the 3pm check in time but a room was ready for us. Lobby looked good and staff were friendly.We were in room 1614, a junior suite, booked via Expedia for £565 for 4 nights.Room was large with a sitting area, dressing table and decent size bathroom with a jacuzzi bath. No terrace unfortunatley. I have previously stayed at the Edison, Milford Plaza &amp; the Belevedere and it compared well.Bed was comfy, air con worked well, hotel was quiet so we slept well.We had a few drinks in the hotel bar and discovered that some of the drinks were over priced - $12 for a JD &amp; coke! My advice is go to the bar on the opposite corner to the hotel McFaddens(?) as the drinks are cheaper &amp; it has a better atmosphere.The Tudor isn't a flash hotel but it does it's job perfectly well. You can sleep well, it's clean and we found the staff to be helpful.Comfort Diner a couple of blocks up is a must.I would stay at the Tudor Hotel again.	
May 30 2008 	A bit dingy but cheap	Booked this hotel as it was one of the very few in Midtown below £200 per night. My first room was dingy with no daylight and an impression that the lamps were so deem and poorly placed in order to hide the dirty carpet. At night it alo transpired that the nearby lifts were a good match to the Grand Central producing non-stop noise.It would be fair to note that the staff were helpful and re-located me on the first request. The second room was bigger and actually allowed some natural light in. Even though it had the same cheap garish decor it was by far cleaner.Overall, I wouldn't recommend it unless you have a tight budget.	
May 13 2008 	Excellent Location	Stayed here with my mum and dad while on a family holiday over Paddy's Weekend. Our flight was delayed, the airline lost our baggage and the hotel staff upgraded us to a Junior Suite for the inconvenience... Room was lovely, food was fab (little on the expensive side), best place for breakfast is Muldoons around the corner, $11 for a full irish. Walking distance to everywhere. Would def stay here again.	
Apr 22 2008	Tudor Ok	The Tudor Hotel was quite good for the price. We stayed for 5 nights at the end of March 2008. I did expect it to be a bit more luxurious than it was and the pictures on the hotel website of the rooms did make them look quite plush indeed, but they were a little tired looking. The marble bathroom had cracks in the marble and mould growing in the cracks. This probably explains why the maid used so much bleach to clean it. We had to request that no more bleach be used because it was suffocating us!! The coffee maker was useless and the pillows were tiny, not full size ,which was a bit weird.On the positive side the superior double room is a great size and we requested a fridge and got one by the 3rd day.The shower is great and toiletries were nice, the lobby was lovely and concierge very helpful. The location was great. It is in a quieter part of town but just down the road from Grand Central Station and about a 20 min walk to Times Square. It seems to be in a very safe part of town too.The M42 bus drops you at the hotel door which is great after a hard day shopping!!! There is a grocery store around the corner and everything else you might need close by. The pizza shop around the corner is great value also.At $212 US + tax a night it was good value and I would stay there again at that price.	
Apr 20 2008 	Great location.	The Tudor hotel was okay for a short stay. The room was lovely and well kept. We had a small balcony facing the river. Was not happy with the restaurant and service there. The food was mediocre and we waited 45 minutes to get a bowl of soup and a small pizza that was not any better than a frozen entre. Seemed very few people ate there. Check in was 3:00 but we had to wait for another couple of hours. We were exhausted from an overnight flight. Arriving at 11:00 in the morning we had hoped to get in our room. No such luck.At any rate, we enjoyed our trip to New York having visited there 3 times in the last year and a half. Lots to do, the Met is the best. Used the subway for the first time and found it very easy to use.New Yorkers are very friendly and helpful. Love this city!	
Apr 18 2008 	3 star is stretching it	Property is older, with small rooms. Nicely appointed in turn of the century style. I paid $150 per night, so it is a good price for NYC. Parking is $45-$55 per night, but if you go 1 one block on 3rd Ave. you can park it yourself for $33. It is the same property the hotel uses for valet parking. Also, you pay NYC prices for food ($20 for light continental breakfast that amounts to coffee, danish and fruit cup) and drinks ($14 per single shot cocktails with well liquor).The lobby and public areas were much nicer than the rooms. Fitness center was fairly nice as well as the public restrooms.We stayed 3 nights, 2 of which were in a larger room with 2 queen size beds. The bathroom was older and in need of repair. It smelled musty, there was mold in the shower and other areas. The sink looked like 1950's vintage-though the one in the smaller room was granite, but the mold was there as well.The staff seemed disinterested and aloof. Overall, a good bargain if you don't park or eat there. The 3 star a stretch.	
Apr 17 2008 	Good Value Great Location	This was my first time using Priceline, so I was a bit nervous. I needn't have worried. Everything went swimmingly.Because I had booked on Priceline, I phoned before I left home to make sure that the Tudor had a record of my reservation. They did.I arrived at 7:30am which was WAY early. The doorman helped me with my luggage to the front desk. I was the only guest present. I asked if it would be possible to check my luggage with the bell staff until a room was ready. The friendly front desk person said that while they wouldn't have my queen room ready for a while, there was a non-smoking room with two full size beds that I could have right then. Since it was just me, I agreed. I was more interested in the non-smoking aspect than in the size of the bed.The room was small, but quite a good size for Manhattan. It was clean but well-worn. There were some spots that could have used a bit more dusting, but the linens and carpet were clean. The bathroom was larger than mine at home and quite clean with ample towels and toiletries. The housekeeping staff had not checked the mini-fridge to see if it was clean, but then again that meant that the sealed beverages left behind by the previous occupant were also still there. The hotel is planning a room renovation and had samples of the future rooms in the lobby. They will be quite nice when the fixtures are updated. But the beds and chairs were comfortable and that was the most important thing.There were only two other rooms on my corridor and it was very quiet. A guest was speaking on a cell phone in the hallway at 10:30pm which was pretty late for me, but not for most people.The view was what I would expect for that part of town, mostly buildings, but I could see a bit of a park off to one side. There was some traffic noise from the street, but again, it is midtown Manhattan.My only two real issues were: the temperature and the lighting. The temperature control was either on or off and either hot or cold. Not exactly easy to get it right either way. The light switches didn't operate some of the lights and some of the light switches didn't do anything. Seems that could be rectified as well.It also would have been nice to know what the charge was to use wireless internet in the room. Since it was not disclosed, I chose not to use it.Didn't eat at the hotel. Didn't really need to. There are plenty of places to eat within a quick walk or subway ride. The hotel is only a few short blocks from Grand Central Terminal and several buses stop right in front so there are many transportation options.Next morning, I checked out at 5:30am to catch a train at Penn Station. I had mentioned this when I checked in and there was a cab out front, even though I had not always seen one there the day before. Made me wonder if they had phoned ahead.I would definitely stay there again and would definitely recommend this hotel to friends.	
Apr 11 2008 	Does the job	We got a fantastic deal with Opodo for our trip to New York - £548 each for return flights (from the UK) and 4 nights in the Tudor.We were expecting a 4 star hotel but our standard room was more like 3 star. The bathroom consisted of a toilet, shower and basin. The shower was very good - powerful and hot whatever time we used it! The room itself was a suitable size, a lot bigger than what you would get in a London hotel. It was fairly nicely decorated too. TV showed standard US channels with some good movies. There was no charge for watching (though you did have the option of paying for newer movies if you chose to). The minibar if it existed was inaccessible (we think it was under the TV) but we bought our own drinks down the road at the 24 hour Duane Reade convenience store and the hotel had a nice touch of having ice machines on a few floors so you could go and fill your ice bucket up as many times as you like. We used our bathroom sink as a giant ice bucket to chill our drinks. The bed was comfortable and queen size. There was air conditioning in the room which was good and not noisy. Plenty storage in the form of drawers and a wardrobe with hangers. Also had iron and trouser press. I used the iron once and it was fine. There was zero view from the windows and very little light came through them due to other skysrapers around. Housekeeping did a good job on a daily basis, I think only once did they forget to fill the tissues (not the toilet roll) up which is a minor thing. The room was an ideal base for touring the city. It was on the East side but only 5 minutes walk from Grand Central Station where you could get the tube everywhere! We walked everywhere apart from when we went downtown and to give you an idea walking-wise it was 20 minutes to Times Square and about 10-15 to Empire State. All in all a good central location I felt. The hotel was nice to come back to and unlike other hotel rooms we've stayed in we were quite happy to sit in our room for an hour or two having a drink and resting our feet before an evening out. There was no shortage of mirrors which as a woman I appreciate. One of the only draw backs - the front of house team were miserable. When we arrived, they said our room was for one night. We told them no, we'd booked for 4 nights. Then they tried to give us a smoking room which we said we didn't ask for. They sorted this fairly quickly but were very unfriendly in that they barely looked at or spoke to us. It costs nothing to smile as they say! Other than that, at the price we paid we can't complain and would recommend it to anyone looking for a fairly nice base to see New York.	
Apr 4 2008 	Nice Hotel In NYC...Tudor Hotel at United Nations	This was the first time I used priceline and was unsure about what to expect. We got a nice clean and comfortable room for a very reasonable price. The hotel is a little east of the center of activity but that was fine with us because at night it was peaceful and quiet. After calling the hotel to make sure we did have a reservation I asked for a non-smoking queen bed or better and they gave us that with no problem.Staff was friendly and curtious. I would stay there again in a flash!	
Apr 2 2008	A Good spot	Hi, We spent the last five nights in The Tudor Hotel on 2nd Ave, 42nd Street. We chose it because of Tripadvisor, and we were not disappointed. The rooms are small, however they are fully equipped and decorated up to a very high standard. I would have no problem recommending this hotel as your place to stay.	
Mar 30 2008 	Tudor House is a Good Buy but could be better....	We stayed at the Tudor House for a week in March and have the following observations:Hotel counter staff were disinterested and cool, but the porter was big help with airport transportation.We got a good price on Hotwire - paid $160 per night and they did accommodate our request for two beds. The rooms were a comfortable size and the heating and AC worked well. The bed was very hard and we did request a different room and bed after two nights. After the second try, they did put us in a room with a tempurpedic bed, but this room was near the elevator - faint noise but not objectionable. The rooms need updating and they do intend to update in the future. The linens are medium quality. The bathroom was nicely equipped with hair dryer and makeup mirror (thank you!) and the shower was great. Perhaps booking with Hotwire does not get you the best rooms, and if you can, get rooms on the highest floors. Overall, we were comfortable and the location worked out well. Our friends had a nice view of river from their 15th floor room and we had a view of a church roof and walls above from the 9th floor. A three block walk to Grand Central Station and you are in subway and train heaven, Starbucks is nearby for the coffee fix. At first, restaurants are not too obvious at this location, but we did make a couple of good finds. For a quick, cheap dinner, try Goodburger on 3rd Ave just a block from the hotel. We had wonderful Vietnamese cuisine in a lovely little restaurant, two blocks north and 1 block west, named Boi. The food, ambiance and service were wonderful in this little gem. Dinner with nice wine was $90 for two.You are very close to the UN and a city bus stops right in front of the hotel and will take you straight to Times Square up 42nd Street in 20 minutes.The hotel lobby needs some TLC - furnishings are worn and we wished for a few tables, so we could go over maps and plans with our friends. The only tables are in the bar area and they don't want you there if you are not ordering.Given the high price of rooms in NYC, I think this hotel is a good buy. It is definitely not 4 stars, but well above a Comfort Inn, etc. My other hotel experiences are Hilton Times Square, definitely a 4 star and Hotel Edison, a 21/2 to 3 star. Perhaps Tudor House does deserve it's 3.5 star... more trips to NYC will help us better evaluate.	
Mar 21 2008 	great hotel	I stayed in the Tudor Hotel around new years with my partner and I really enjoyed it! Our double room was really spacious and comfortable. Its ideally located (you can see the chrysler building from it!) and is great for families . The service was brilliant. Althought the gym was a bit small it was fine and anyways you're on your holidays you shouldn't be working out!Walking around macy's is enough excersize!All in all we were delighted with this hotel, it had everything you could want and great value for money!	
Mar 19 2008 	we liked it	We booked through Priceline and it was a good deal we got.The hotel lobby is very nice and elegant, the room was very clean if a little tiny.But filled with all that makes you feel comfortable: Coffeemaker, Iron-Facilities, Bathroom with a window to open, and- the room was very quiet.Nice, attendive staff, we would absolutely stay there again.	
Mar 11 2008 	Nice Hotel	I was lucky enough to find a hotel in New York for under 200 dollars ( 159 was the rate I paid through hotwire). My hotel expericence was overall a good one. The hotel was a little out of the way which required a little bit more walking than I would have liked. The hotel itself showed it's age with the carpet in the hallways being dirty and grimy, but the room itself was clean and a decent size. The staff was average. For the price I paid (159) I would recommend this hotel anything else i would try your luck with another hotel.	
Mar 5 2008 	ask for an upgrade and rude staff	It was my birthday weekend and I wanted to be near the east side of Manhattan, the Tudor hotel is in a great location. When I arrived the doorman was very nice but when we got to the front desk a blonde Russian girl was working and he was not giving me the &quot;excellent Customer service.&quot; I was basically rushed from the front desk, and she didn't even say happy birthday even when I told her that I waS celebrating my bday. she was very rude and threw my credit card back at me. When I went to the room, it was a very small room and I felt a little uncomfortable because I saw a HUGE cockroach in the bathroom. I went downstairs to inquire about a room change and the girl who checked me in said that she would downgrade me in a snotty attitude! I was really shocked!! I immediately wanted to speak with a manager, the manager was rude as well and she didnt even care about my situation! after huffing and puffing the manager gave me a comp upgrade to a nice room with balcony. overall the staff was very rude, and I rather receive exceptional service from another hotel then this one. GOOD LUCK!	
Feb 29 2008 	Great buffet clean room great value	We saw a listing from Smarttravel about a $169 special for a Superior Queen room including breakfast for 2, and thought that it could not possibly be true. But we were pleasantly suprised! Our room was large by New York standards, meaning that we could actually walk around the queen size bed without bumping our shins. It had an ironing board and working iron, and a pants press. The bathroom in our room was very clean and the towels were soft and plentiful. Usually I have to call the front desk for additional towels, so I was amazed to find more than the usual 3 bath towels in a hotel! The bedding was soft, clean, and looked to be new. The air conditioning was quiet and the room remained cool without becoming overly chilled. The view was nonexistant, but I expect that from an NYC hotel. The front desk staff was helpful, and we were quickly booked in even though we arrived at the same time as a busload of tourists from Italy. The parking was expensive, but it was in-line with what I expected to pay for NYC.The best part was the free buffet breakfast. Service was superb, the food was plentiful and very fresh, and they had the cutest little delicious potato pancakes rather than the tired tater tots or greasy home fries you usually get at a buffet. They had a large variety of fruit, the hot buffet items were actually hot, and we were greeted warmly by the servers who were attentive, refilling water glasses and asking us if everything was to our satisfaction. A waiter overheard me telling my husband that I liked the fruit, and went up and got me some more and brought it to the table without being asked. This was well above the service I would expect from a buffet or at a hotel in this price rage.We were originally from New York, so we didn't need much advice from the concierge, but he was helpful the few times I asked questions. We now live in Maryland, but visit frequently so we have stayed in many hotels in Manhattan, and this was one of the most enjoyable stays we had at an under $400 a night rate.The location was excellent, we were able to take a quick cab ride to the theatre district. Cabs were plentiful and the doormen were always available.I must say I was pleasantly suprised after reading some of the reviews, but we will definitely stay there again this spring and again in the summer, although I doubt we will ever see such a good special offer. Overall, I would rate our experience as excellent.	
Feb 17 2008 	small dark old hotel - but cheap!	I booked this hotel on priceline for $154/night. The price was right. The pluses of the hotel are that it is clean and a reasonable walk to Grand Central Station. It is not a 4 star hotel, and probably not a 3 star hotel either. Our room was really small, dark and dingy. THe shower is one of those old ones that require 4 steps to turn on (there are instructions posted in the shower). The walls were really thin. We were woken up at 3 am by fighting in the room next door - security came and asked them to please be quiet. THe bed linens arent that nice. THe TV is really old with poor reception. The room keys take more than a few tries to work. THere is nothing inviting about the room or hotel lobby.It was an adequate place to sleep. But I wouldnt want to stay here again. It would be worth a few $$ more to stay somewhere nicer.	
Feb 13 2008 	Wonderful experience	I booked this hotel through priceline and you never know what you are going to get. I was very please with our experience with this hotel. I had called after we had booked the reservation so they could note that this was our honeymoon. We arrived at 9am and were checked in immedately and upgraded to larger room with a jacuzzi tub. We really enjoyed our trip and would stay there again in a heatbeat.	
Feb 9 2008 	Great Place to Stay	We spent an extended weekend here recently on business.Nice eight story hotel with small but tastefully decorated rooms, very cordial and helpful staff. Located just two blocks from Grand Central Station and around the corner from the UN--this is a very handy place to see Midtown NY from. Walking distance to Broadway, close to Chrysler Bldg. We took a Coach USA bus from Newark Airport ($25 return) which drops you oif near Grand Central in about 40 minutes, from which it's an easy stroll to the hotel. Just a block up is one of those wonderful PAX deli's with inexpensive breakfasts and wonderful pastries.	
Jan 27 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed at this hotel in November 2007 with my friend. We had gone to New York to do our Christmas shopping and had a fabulous time. The hotel was very clean and the staff were very helpful. The rooms were an average size with two double beds in the Queen Superior. Didn't spend too much time in the hotel as we were out shopping in the many shops (so many shops so little time!!!). It is in a great area just down the road from Grand Central and within walking distance of Seventh Avenue. The rooms were clean with plenty of wardrobe space and there was a complimentary safety deposit box. I would recommend this hotel as it was convenient, clean ideally situated.	
Jan 26 2008	Pleasant short stay	My husband and I stayed at the Tudor for one night in January. Although only a short visit, we found it pleasant and comfortable. The check-in line was long but the staff was helpful, courteous, and worked as quickly as possible. Our room was of average size and although the walls and bathroom were a bit worn, for the price and location in NYC, we found the hotel to be of good value. We will definitely stay here again on a future trip and we would recommend it to others.	
Jan 17 2008 	Great Time!	Our family went to NYC while my husband was on leave from Iraq. We stayed on the 20th floor in a 1-br suite. It was really wonderful. The views were awesome! The kids had a wonderful time. The frontdesk and other staff were amazing! Enjoyed every minute and the employees really made for the experience as any question was quickly answered and need immediately taken care of - professionalism at it's finest! Only thing I can say is it is a bit far from Times Square in 30 degrees, but we would stay there again in a heartbeat! The bathroom was WONDERFUL!!! Quick tip, the hotel had the lowest nightly rate on the internet!!!	
Jan 2 2008	Very nice hotel	Stayed at the hotel during the week of Christmas. I must say for the price this was a very pleasant stay. The room was a good size, it had two nice sized beds and the room was decorated very nicely. I don't know if we were really tired or what but those beds were extremely comfortable. Also, if you forget something like toothpaste or a toothbrush the hotel supplies it at no charge. Check in and check out was a breeze. I will definitely stay there again and would recommend it to anyone	
Dec 17 2007 	Really Great 	Our room was lovely and clean and the bathroom was huge with gorgeous bath products from Bath and Body Works and a very powerful shower. Right around the corner from The UN and only a five minute walk from Grand Central and another five minutes to Bryant Park where you can iceskate in winter and there was a little Christmas Market. There is also a fab restaurant in Bryant Park called The Bryant Park Grill. Reception quick and efficient and large choice at breakfast.	
Dec 13 2007 	Good location for UN business	Following the advice of another review we phoned in to ask for a &quot;view room&quot;. The staff put us on the top floor. Unfortunately the room didn't get warm even when we returned from dinner. We asked for a new room but the desk sent the maintenance man, who said with the cold weather the air had to be let out of the system and since we were on the top floor this caused the problem. A few minutes after he fixed it, the system began to rattle, so after another call and wait he came to fix that. However, during the rest of our stay the room was too warm even with the heat off, so we had to periodically open the windows. At least there were two so we could get draft and cool it down rapidly. Overall the room and bathroom were nicely furnished but hard to navigate with an odd layout and a pillar. Getting around the bed was especially tight. The gym was nice though, but it's in the back tower. There's a couple buses that stop right at the hotel. We got the hotel through Priceline, but ended up with the same price as the hotel website. The elevators were incredibly fast and smooth.	
Dec 2 2007	Above average for an offbrand property	Room was small but not the smallest in town, and the place was reasonably clean. Bed had a great firm mattress. My room had a desk which was great. They had a nice single light switch to turn on various lights and the A/C. 42nd St busstop right out in front. A few negatives:a) The fitness center had some weight machines but they were few, rusty and poorly maintained. There were just 3 treadmills and one cross trainer. Two more cross trainers would help avoid the rush.b) The maid left a wet washcloth in the bathroom.c) Wifi Internet was expensive at $15/dayd) Front desk couldn't tell me if the room had a full desk when I checked in - I had to go up to check. Their database wasn't clear about this.	
Nov 30 2007 	Great hotel!	I have to admit that I was a bit worried before I got here as I had read a bag of mixed reviews. Check-in went smoothly despite some horror stories though took a while but that was because there was other people in front of us which was hardly the fault of the hotel. Arrived at our room, fair enough, it is not particularly big but having stayed in some hotels in Europe, I found it to be a good size and most importantly, it was clean and the bed was comfortable with a large sized tv. No mini-bar though but this wasn't a problem as I wasn't planning to drink in my room. Definitely enough space for two people - each with a large suitcase.Bathroom was clean with large mirrors though a bit dark when you are actually in the shower. All amenities were provided including shampoo, conditioner, body lotion and even mouthwash. What I like about the Tudor was that there was a sign that said the hotel would be willing to provide things you may have forgotten such as toothbrush, toothpaste, and shaving cream/gel free of charge if you had forgotten! Never had that before, normally they have these things available at reception but at the cost of an arm and a leg so that was a nice small perk!Every morning, we got a complimentary copy of a newspaper - I don't remember which one - which was also a nice touch. And when we left the room in a mess, it always came back tidy. Even though we were facing the main street, we were on the 15th floor so it was never too noisy. And other guests were considerate so we were never disturbed or harassed!The location is also good for the price we paid. I expected it to be quite far but it is on the Grand Central Station Metro station on lines 7, 4, 5 and 6 which means it was quite easy to get to Times Square (takes less than 15 mins walking anyway!) and Canal Street/Spring Street which is excellent for shopping. Empire State Building isn't far off as well and you can reach Grand Central Station easily (go to the basement food court area to go to Juniors who easily do the best Cheesecake I have ever tasted!!) and you can actually see the Chrysler Building in all it's glory at night all lit up and pretty!!There's a CVS nearby which is open 24/7 and sells anything that you could possibly need from medicines to drinks to snacks to shampoo and handcream which is handy. It's cheaper than some of the supermarkets nearby too.Overall, really enjoyed my stay here and would definitely recommend it to people I know (and don't know). I would come and stay here again especially for the price I paid - bargain!	
Oct 30 2007	Horrible Reservations Service	Beware of an incompetent reservations desk at this hotel. Their website claims they will beat any internet price. When I tried to get them to do so, I was on hold so long for the reservations desk (over 10 minutes) that I tried to talk to the front desk. They said they weren't authorized to match the rate and I'd have to speak with reservations. So I waited on hold for over 5 minutes more and hung up. I tried again the next day, only now the rate had gone up on the internet. Still I could not get anyone on the phone from reservations to even explain the situation. I then received a recording stating that I could leave my contact information so they could call me back. It is two days later and I still had not heard from them. I just called again, was placed on hold for 4 minutes, was disconnected, and had to call again. I eventually spoke with the manager of the reservations desk, who claimed that the rate I saw was never offered and that they didn't have a message from me. Instead of offering a frustrated potential customer the rate that I saw (which is still very high), he chose not to believe me and refused to bend. He never even acknowledged that the hotel might have messed up. Wow!! Now that's great customer service...from a manager no less! They lost over $850 in hotel revenue and have an irritated traveler on their hands. Does that make sense? This is the first negative review I have ever left. Bad service is inexcusable. Again...beware.	
Oct 25 2007 	A very good hotel.	Stay: Saturday 20th October - Wednesday 24th October 2007.Check-In:This was good. Staff were friendly, polite and gave us a warm and friendly smile. Prompt service with clear instructions and directions given. The front desk staff, at all times, were very helpful and pleasant.Room:The room was good. The bedding was perfectly clean and fresh. Power shower was outstanding and the bathroom itself was very good. Large, mirrored walls, marble sink areas and lots of fresh towels changed daily. The room was on the small side but definitely okay and easy to cope with. Large TV in room with a range of channels. Views of the E 42nd Street were also good.Restaurant/Breakfast:We ate in the hotel restaurant on three occasions. The breakfast buffet is satisfactory overall, with some good features. Staff service is very good. Friendly and kind members of the team asked us how we were enjoying our trip and offered coffee and juice as often as we wished. Cooked food was satisfactory. Fresh fruit, yoghurts, hash browns, a range of croissants, bacon, sausage, scrambled egg, bread rolls, toaster...the usual.Bar:The bar prices are good. Cocktails well prepared and served for us. Clean, upmarket and calm. A lovely place to have a drink to start the evening.General comments:This hotel is very well situated for Grand Central Station. The surrounding area is in the business (UN) district. Wide roads, taxi availability is excellent. A lovely atmosphere, Starbucks just one block down. The noise from the road cannot be heard at all from rooms. This hotel deserves a good review. It does well. Staff work hard, the rooms are comfortable, clean and tidy. Service is good as too is the location.Overall recommendation:We would return to this hotel. It is perfect for the needs of most travellers. I do recommend it to others. I'd grade it as 'Very Good' overall.	
Oct 7 2007 	Not Bad	Booked this place for 4 nights when it was still the Crowne Plaza and was hoping i wouldnt have any problems with check in due to the fact it's now the Tudor. Fortunately i had no problems other than turning up an hour before check in to be told i had to &quot;Wait&quot; for my room by a woman who wasnt the friendliest person i've met. I dropped my bag at the Bell Desk and they were happy to hold onto my bags for an hour.Came back an hour later again to get a guy with a bit of attitude but he issued me a room on the 2nd floor and i proceeded to my room. It was huge and to their credit actually quite a decent room. Bathroom was large as well and had a very generous serve of tolietries! Beds were clean and the TV was a decent size. As i was visiting friends i rarely spent time in my room but i did find it a little strange that my room had no &quot;Guest Services Directory&quot; in it. I'm not sure if it was just my room or if it applied to all rooms. I never did get a chance to ask them. Fitness Centre was nice and on the 2nd floor and whilst i never used the restaurant/bar it was always full of business people and seemed decent. One day i needed to find a post office, I asked for directions at the Concierge and they gave me the wrong directions!!!!It's about a 15 min walk to Times Square and about 5 mins to the Empire State Building.As someone said before i think the problem with this place is bad management and low staff morale. Overall i'd rate my stay as average but found the place a little too far away from everything!	
Sep 25 2007 	Great location nice hotel	Stayed at the Tudor Hotel for 5 nights, really pleased with the hotel. No problems with check in at all. Rooms were small but not too small (and it's NYC after all).Grand Central Terminal is 5 minutes walk from Tudor. So overall good hotel and great location.	
Sep 17 2007	Unresponsive staff ruined our weekend.	On Friday night, about midnight, the occupant in the adjacent room ran up and down the hallway in his underwear, shouting and cursing. (I can't here repeat what he said over and over.) I called the front desk and they did nothing. By 1AM, he was banging on people's doors, and incessantly ringing his own doorbell. I asked the front desk to call the police. Instead, they sent a security man who did....nothing. At about 3 AM, the occupant sounded as if he were breaking furniture. He again shouted curses into the hallway. Again, I asked that the police be called. The front desk did (you guessed it) nothing. The worst part? The night staff never told the day staff about the problem. The day staff, even AFTER learning about the problem, allowed him to extend his stay! Our weekend was ruined. I actually don't blame the occupant, who clearly had some sort of serious issue. I do blame the hotel. They offered us a complimentary breakfast the next morning. We declined their offer. My advice? Stay somewhere else. While this may have been an isolated incident, it indicates how the hotel is managed. I intend to notify hotwire and AAA about this.	
Sep 17 2007	Something dodgy going on with reservations!	On arrival from Europe, after a very long day of travel, we found check in to be very slow, even though we were next in line. When we finally went to check in we were informed that we had no reservation even though I had booked through their website and had the confirmation page with me. Luckily, there were rooms available for all nights except the following one. However, as this was our first time in New York and because we had very short notice to find another hotel for a Saturday night this was an awful experience. We asked check in staff to recommend another hotel and three of them just shook their heads in a disinterested manner and shrugged shoulders . They didn't have any sympathy for our situation. Prior to this I had twice emailed the hotel on an issue and received no reply. I now think that perhaps they had double booked and didn't want to reply as this would be committing a room to us. I know of two other cases where the exact same thing happened while we were there! In one case the reception staff told a guest something about there being no guarantee of a room. I overheard another lady having the same problem.She told reception staff that whoever she spoke to on the phone the day before didn't give her two words and she couldn't get through to the hotel after that. It really was the most awful inconvenience as we had booked the 48 hour bus tour for the next two days and we couldn't begin that both days until about 3pm as we had to check in and out of the two hotels. When we went to check in the second time the new receptionist said we had no reservation but ,fortunately, I then recognised the other receptionist just passing by who had made our reservations the day before. However, despite the nightmare mix up it did get better! I really loved the room and the hotel is great. Walls are thin as I could hear the man in the next room yawning but there are only three rooms on each corrirdor and I think we were alone until the end of the week so for us this wasn't a problem. The air conditioning or fan was very noisy as well but as the cleaning staff left it on all day we didn't need it at night . By the way because of the mix up we had two rooms and it was noisy in both. However, on the plus side our first room was on the second floor overlooking the street but we heard no external noise.Oh I've just remembered when we had to change our hotel for the next night we asked if we could leave our bags with them in the security room until we returned and they weren't willing to do this either. Maybe it was for insurance purposes but they didn't explain that they just said they had no security room but we used it on the day of our departure so now I know there was one.I see others have complained about the location but I found it very convenient. Actually it was perfect for shopping, tourist attractions and transport. I would stay there again definately but I would advise to be very cautious when booking!P.S On a side note avoid using phones in room to make international calls. We made two, lasting less than 5 minutes when you total both and it cost 30 dollars.The film that we watched in our room cost about 11 dollars I think but I was happy with that.	
Sep 17 2007 	An OK Stay	Booked a double room through a travel agent. The room looked exactly as I expected, fairly small but with all amenities in place. Then problem with the bathroom, won't go into detail, but pretty bad regarding being used and not cleaned afterwards. First experience of anything like this, and certainly didn't expect it in NY. We called the manager and he came up to inspect. We were immediately offered a room change which we took. The new room was a much better size and because of the problem experienced on our arrival we were given vouchers for full breakfast each morning. So enough of that, there was a problem and it was sorted immediately. The breakfast is a very worthwhile deal as there are not many places near to the hotel to eat a good breakfast. Although we didn't eat dinner at the hotel, the choice and price did look very reasonable. The hotel is in a quiet part of town, so no late night noise. I would say it is around a 15 minute walk to Times Square. You are virtually on top of the Chrysler Building and Grand Central Station. My husband thought the hotel was pretty good and would consider staying again, but I didn't think there was anything exceptional about the hotel and would probably have a look at a few other Tripadvisor hotel reviews before re-booking the Tudor. All in all if you can get a good deal including breakfast then no reason not to go ahead and book.	
Sep 16 2007 	A charming hotel!	We booked our hotel on priceline for $238/night. Initially I was concerned that the hotel would be too far from the action - but it was perfect! I had called ahead of time to let them know that my husband and I were celebrating a special occasion, and to check on the possibility of upgrading to a Jr. Suite. The reservationist I spoke with on the phone quoted me the various upgrade rates. When we arrived at the hotel - they upgraded us to a beautiful Jr. Suite - for free! The room was great - very spacious and nicely appointed - my one complaint about the room was that it smelled very faintly of smoke, but it wasn't a big deal. The public spaces in the hotel are very nice, but I was disappointed that the hotel bar did not stay open later - and room service is only available until 10:30pm. Other than that, the stay was perfect! I highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 16 2007 	Pretty good experience	During check in (which took a while but it's ok with us), the customers before us were having problems with their rooms. Also the front desk staff looked very burnt out. So when get to our turn, they gave us a room that was not even made (ok with us as well). We went back to front desk and they switched us to another room. Our new room on the 17th floor (the view was OK) was pretty comfortable, 2 double beds were comfortable, bedsheets/linens were clean, room was clean, plenty of clean towels, AC was working pretty well, marbled looking bathroom was clean, loved all the bath and body works shampoo, lotion, bar soap...oh we connected to wireless internet for no charge as well (with our laptop) in our room! Overall, it's a good hotel...even though small and kind of old fashioned, but we definitely enjoyed our peaceful stay, and having free wireless was a plus! Would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel if you are on a budget. Just keep an open mind, since the front staff looked like they worked very hard and burnt out!	
Sep 10 2007	Lovely hotel	Stayed at the Tudor hotel for 5 nights,was really pleased with hotel,due to our flight being delayed at Manchester we arrived at 4am,the night staff were very helpful when were so tired &amp; just wanted to crash out,the 2 rooms were spotless &amp; kept tidy by the maids,all the facilitys were first class,must also mention the concierge who couldnt do enough for us when we asked for advice,I would definetly recommend the hotel,loads of places to eat as well locally if you didnt fancy the restaurant.	
Sep 4 2007 	A wonderful place to stay	We just spent four days at the Tudor at the United Nations. We were in NYC for the US Open Tennis and booked the Tudor largely because of its proximity to Grand Central Station and the #7 subway we would take to the Open. The hotel was reasonably priced for NYC (about $220 plus all the NYC taxes) and was clean, comfortable, quiet and upscale enough for us with a bar, restaurant and concierge. The rooms were fairly large for a NYC hotel. The bed was comfortable, the TV/cable worked well, the bathroom was more than adequate with a great shower. The location was perfect -- we walked not only to Grand Central but to restaurants in Murray Hill and around Midtown. My only small complaint was that our room was not ready at check in time, but since we were not in a hurry we had a drink in the bar and then moved in. I would absolutely stay in this hotel again and recommend it to others.	
Aug 26 2007 	The reviews don't lie!	Read the reviews- about upgrades- and about the lack of customer service. How bad can it be- it's meant to be a luxury hotel!?!Called ahead to request a room with a view- great move. Thanks Annamara!The congierge was very helpful and got us wonderful tickets to a show with great seats- thank you!The room was very nice and very clean- cudos to the cleaning staff. Room service food was very good- thank you chef. Location was safe- not convenient.Valet parking was a nightmare- they even crashed a guests van into a light pole- nice move- was afraid to recall my car- and that took over a half an hour because they &quot;couldn't find two other guests cars&quot; Ouch! It was clearly an imposition to even ask- after a half hour wait- how much longer it would be. No apologies made.Had problems with internet connection and that's where the customer service nightmare began! (This while dealing with front end MANAGER!) Not only did I have to jump through hoops (7 phone calls to prove I could not connect to their wireless provider) to get the charge reversed- but I had to request again at the front desk (WIITH ANOTHER FRONT END MANAGER) to get it taken off the bill. Was also charged for one night's stay- even though it was prepd- CHECK YOU BILL!!!In as much as I hate to say this- I believe the culture of the managers that are running this place are whats keeping it living up to a luxury hotel's &quot;At Your Service&quot; , &quot;My Pleasure&quot; standard; here- it's their way or the highway.Overall, I think the hotel has alot going for it- the staff really tried. It's unusual to find a staff that tries so hard, only to have management tarnish all their efforts. Management:: We come here for rest and relaxation- not to be hasseled, made to work or treated with attitude. If something is wrong- just fix it! The words &quot;My Pleasure&quot; is a very forgiving phrase. You need to try it sometime.I own businesses in the food service and retail industry- Management is what will keep this hotel from shining it's brightest!	
Aug 24 2007 	Nothing wrong there	I stayed in the Tudor for two nights when visiting Manhattan with my 14 yr. old daughter, who is even more picky then i am where it comes to hotelrooms. She was happy with it.....! Our room on the 16th floor was small but clean and had everything we were promised and it all worked too! Very friendly staff, they even kept our luggage after check-out so i could get my rental car and pick it up later. At no charge! We didn't use the breakfast facilities, as NY has plenty of opportunities food-wise, also in the direct vicinity of the hotel. Location is good too. 5 mins. from Grand Central and maybe 10-12 mins. from Times Square.Prices seem to vary tho', because when i tried to book a room for two more nights after our trip to Cape Cod, the same room was almost double the price.....Booked another hotel for then, review will follow after stay.	
Aug 24 2007	Tudor United Nations Hotel	Awful service- avoid this hotelService is awful on ALL levels. The manager, Brian promised me a one bedroom suite with a terrace after Virginia in reservations failed to follow-up on several &quot;issues&quot; she created during the booking process. When I arrived, Brian was unfamiliar with the system and could not distinguish between a room with/without a terrace? I switched rooms twice before I was placed in a room with a terrace by Andre (apparently the only person who knows how to locate a room in the system). I was promised several things that I did not receive. I purchased two double beds (as detailed in my original booking IN WRITING), but the manager tried to tell me that they do not guarantee that (although it was confirmed in writing?). I paid for a package that included breakfast but was told it would have to be confirmed before I was given vouchers (again, this was IN WRITING and included in the price). I recently had knee/foot surgery and when I limped out of the shuttle to the front of the hotel, the attendant did not assist me. He simply watched me get through the door and then asked if I &quot;had it&quot; (after he saw the manager at the desk). The concierge works until 8pm and as I approached the desk at a few minutes before 8pm he promplty ignored me. Mind you, he was still at the desk and acknowledged my presence by avoiding eye contact. I asked if he was &quot;off-duty&quot; and he simply replied that he could provide information only if I had a &quot;quick question&quot;. Mold was found throughout the bathroom/in the tub. The floor, door and tile in the bathroom were filthy. House cleaning did not vacuum the room during my stay. The cushions on the couch were ripped and the insides exposed. The hotel staff does not acknowledge guests when they enter/exit the facility. I wish I would have kept my prior reservations at the omni! I would not recommend the Tudor to anyone nor would I book here again. I'm a frequent traveler and am familiar with the issues one can have when in a new city, so I took the time to fully research my choice of accommodations before embarking on my trip to New York. How could I have been so wrong? PLEASE do not make the same mistake that I did with this hotel. Avoid contact with managers Brian and Michelle as neither is knowledgeable regarding the reservation system. However, unlike Michelle, Brian is very personable and apologetic (unfortunately, this did not translate into an ability to correct the errors that had been made). Do not deal with reservation agent Virginia as she has no idea how to navigate the reservation system. Do not rely on the concierge for information as they do not want to work and avoid the attendant as he is not going to help with bags. Had I not paid for my reservation in advance I would have left the hotel before checking in!	
Aug 6 2007 	No problems	All in all, a good stay at the Tudor. I chose this place based on getting a good price on Expedia, though it was still around $200. As expected from a NYC hotel, the room was teeny. It was fine for me since I was staying alone. I imagine that room style is for single travelers...I couldn't imagine having shared it. Overall, it was clean and the staff was nice. A few stray hairs in the bathroom, but nothing alarming. Great water pressure in the shower. The pipes make loud thumping noises, but luckily that never happened while I was trying to sleep. For some reason, my laptop didn't like the hotel...it took forever to turn on, yet once I left the hotel it worked fine. I don't know if there's something in the walls or whatnot. I thought at the time that maybe it was my computer acting up, so I didn't think to ask if others had had similar problems.The bed was comfortable. AC worked fine.Location was good.I would stay there again if necessary and if the price was right.	
Aug 1 2007 	great value	Reviewer:A trip advisor member,Liverpool UK. We have just returned from a five day trip to New york staying in the Tudor hotel.We had a wonderful time as we were there for our wedding anniversary. Hotel was great value for money our room was very spacious and we would stay there again.Staff were very helpful and pleasant. Weather was very hot and would advise you wear some comfortable walking shoes as we walked nearly everywhere!Saw just about everything we planned, views from Empire State Building were amazing.Times Square was alive with people and a few good Irish pubs.We went to Central Park which was a nice break from all the crowds, didnt see enough of it though as it is so big. Overall we had a fantastic time.Can't wait to return.	
Jul 30 2007	Service Challenged	The hotel is in a good location although it is a ways to walk but it was the people at the registration, who are too stiff and not willing enough to serve the clients and be helpful. I asked for a band aid, as I had blisters from walking, and it took them 15 minutes to find one, and only after I was first told they did not have any, and I had to insist that as a hotel they had to have a first aid kit of some sort! A very unwilling person at the registration desk went inside to ask if they could find someone who could get to a band aid, because it was only the security person that could get to it! My room smelled of mold and although I asked twice to please do something about the smell I was not able to get any results. I would not stay there again.	
Jul 25 2007	Nice Hotel	Very Clean Hotel and overall good location. The Concierge was a bit snooty (depending on who was on the shift) but everything else was great! Be careful to ask if you are in the back of the hotel - there is NO view. We were in a Junior Suite BUT we liked the location of the room because it was very quiet. The room also had very nice Bath &amp; Body Works products. You can hear everything in the hallways but overall it wasn't very bad - we had absolutely no problems sleeping...ALSO, beware of parking fees - they are really $45 for a car and $55 for a SUV and basically only valet available unless you want to go to a deck on your own to park. Call AHEAD in plenty of time for Valet - they are very slow.....The Front Desk Staff was also very nice. I would stay there again without hesitation!	
Jul 24 2007	Just stayed here for 3 nights	Just stayed here for 3 nights. Overall, for the money (approx. $220 for a basic Queen room) per night this hotel is at least average to above. No real complaints. Afterall, how much time do you spend in the hotel when visiting NYC? If you are looking for a clean, safe and well priced hotel for a couple nights this is a good Midtown facility. The address is a little out of the way (again, good if you are looking for quiet after hours) but still a short walk along 42nd Street to Grand Central. A little bit of a small room and some elevator noise. However, clean and nice bathroom. Good to have a safe in the room to lock up valuables. We would stay here again if we wanted to be in this part of town.	
Jul 23 2007 	Review of the Tudor Hotel	Hotel itself was really good. Very clean. Jim at the conceirge desk was awesome. Everything he recommended to us was top notch.ProblemsCheck-in was really slow. And then they gave us a room that was occupied by someone else. The front desk apologized, sent us to another room. An upgrade or a rate adjustment would have been nice. Especially since we could have walked into a room where people could have been &quot;busy.&quot;If you are in the north tower, they only have 1 ice machine at it's on the second floor. If you are on the higher levels, it's a pain. The south tower has three ice machines.	
Jul 21 2007 	Fantastic base for our first trip to NYC	We booked here for 5 nights through Expedia for our 1st Wedding Anniversary. It was our first time in NYC and this was an excellent base.The reception staff were great on check in and let us check into our room before midday despite it being a 2pm check in.The room was a great standard - spacious and clean. Lovely bathroom. Large tv. The cleaners each day were fantastic. When visiting NYC location is important and this was an excellent location - near Grand Central Station and the Crysler Building. Easy walk from Times Square.My only moan would be that we were not given much help by the concierge in booking our transfer back to the airport. They would only book the Company recommended by them which were quite a lot more expensive. We did however take advantage of the hotels free telephones and sorted it out ourselves.We will definitely be going back to NYC and would definitely consider returning here.	
Jul 17 2007 	Like this Hotel	Location is excellent, room is not very big but it is so cute and furnishing and overall quality is fine,I booked through Travelocity, and since Travelocity did not inform Hotel , I had to waited 1 hour at the reception during check in but it was not the Hotels mistake...Manager at the reception and the concierge is also very helpfulI strongly recommend this hotel, definately you will get what you have payed . I think It is far better comparing other same ranking hotels.I wish they had a minibar or fridge at the room, no any other improvement area.	
Jul 12 2007 	Excellent Experience	Juts spent two days with my wife. Arrived late and were given a non-smoking room that smelled like smoke. They immediately changed us to a new room -- Room 1811!!! It was a treat. Bed was extraconfortable, great linen, pillows, toiletries etc. Service in all parts of the hotel is excellent and the common facilities are really nice. Temperatures in NYC were really high and a small drawback was that the ac could hardly cope. We wished the ac would have worked better but it was OK. Overall a great experience.	
Jul 10 2007 	An adequate hotel	My wife saw a super deal on this hotel for $19.31 per night. I immediately went online to book, but such deals don't last, and I was out of luck for Friday and Saturday night. I got a fairly good deal through Hotels.com for those night and took the 19.31 through the hotel for Sunday night. We had a great stay in New York. Saw &quot;A Chorus Line&quot; on Friday evening after dinner by the statue and fountain in Rockefeller Center. A great lunch on Saturday at Dawat on 58th Street before seeing &quot;Curtains.&quot; Toured on Suday and saw &quot;Spring Awakening&quot; on Sunday evening. Our room was small with no view, but quiet. The room could have been cleaner, but was not out of line for New York. I haven't stayed at a New York hotel yet without some mildew in the shower/tub grout or dirt in the tiny corners. There was a puddle of coffee under the coffee pot on check in. Room amenities were great-extensive, even a pants press, as well as ironing board and iron, etc. Shampoos, lotions, mouthwash, etc. They'll bring you a razor or other toiletries gartis if you need them. We only got decaf coffee for our room pot. That was a new experience for me. The staff is warm and helpful. The bed was very comfortable with superior linen. The fitness center is small but adequate. There are ice machines on the second and eighth floors. They gave us complimentary breakfasts one day due to one minor mix up. Omelet was soggy ala England and the bacon ala England as well, but okay overall. Very nice waiters and room maids. I regard the room deficiencies as more a management/training issue than a staff issue.	
Jun 28 2007 	Great for the Price	The Tudor Hotel was one of the few places I could find in Manhattan for around $200/night (though taxes and fees and whatnot added another $40). I was not quite sure what to expect at that price, and was extremely pleasantly surprised. The room was large, clean, and newly refurbished. The lobby is quite nice, much nicer than you would expect. Checkin and checkout were smooth. The toiletries were from Bath and Body Works. The bed was comfortable. It's a three block walk up from Grand Central. The only even remotely negative we had was the guys in front (bellhops? I don't know what their title is) wouldn't hail us a cab to go crosstown. Whatevs. We are from DC and know how to hail cabs. I definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 24 2007 	Great hotel good value	This hotel was very nice. Staff are friendly, there is a concierge. Excellent location, close to Grand Central (train main station), 2 minutes away from the subway and close to the United Nations.I really enjoyed my stay: spacious room, extremely clean, not noisy, room with AC, restaurant with good food. I will definitely stay here again, and thanks since I discovered this hotel on this website!	
Jun 21 2007 	Great location awesome room and service!!	My husband and I stayed at The Tudor for three nights. We just flew in last night and couldn't wait to post our thoughts. If you are to stay at this hotel, request room #1811 and ask for Brian. Brian sure did give us a great room. This room has a fantastic terrace. There is a picnic table with two chairs out there and a view that will take your breath away. The location of The Tudor Hotel is great. No hassles of getting to your destination by foot and/or taxi. Customer service is out of this world. They met our needs beckon call. The only drawback about the hotel is cosmetic. It needs a lot of updating, but if you can get past that, it will be an awesome stay. My husband and I are used to staying at five star hotels and resorts. This was a huge hurdle for our spoiled beings, but once we got to NYC, everything was out the door!!	
Jun 20 2007 	Enjoyable stay	I have just come back from a 3 night stay at the Tudor Hotel yesterday and have to say I was very pleased. It was booked through My Travel flying with Globespan (who are the worst airline I have ever used but that's another story) and I paid £500.First of all the service was very good. At check in we were automatically upgraded from a double to a queen superior without having to ask. The room was a good size with a full marble bathroom and the air con was good. There was absolutely no noise coming from outside even though our room was at the front of the hotel. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable. The Information desk next to check-in were also great - they gave us details of where certain shops were located and provided maps which they marked for us, or gave information on where to go to eat if you want the best cheese-cake etc which I can inform WAS the best place! (Jimmy's, Grand Central Terminal).Downstairs there's a very stylish looking bar and lounge with nice leather seating and a relaxed atmosphere. There is also an internet access room further down (5 dollars per 15mins). On check-out our bags were labelled and securely put away in locked room by the luggage desk so we could go off and continue to explore the city before we had to catch our flight. I would say this hotel is more like a good 4 star than a 3 star. The service was courteous and the hotel very clean and well kept. I would recommend this hotel to anybody (but don't fly with Globespan!).	
Jun 20 2007 	Above expectations for a 3 star hotel!	This hotel - though located in a more quit area than midtown west - is great value for money. The rooms are not big but comfortable and clean! Unfortunately most taxi drivers don't know that this hotel is now the Tudor Hotel, so ask for the Crowne Plaza at 42nd...	
Jun 10 2007 	Great location!	My husband and I were at the Tudor for four nights, May 30 through June 2. Having no other recourse, with hotel rates on all sites crazy expensive in NYC for these dates, we crossed our fingers and took the Priceline plunge. We were pleasantly surprised on many counts. The hotel is in an amazing location, just a short walk to Grand Central Station on the quieter and more reserved east side of midtown, and still easy walking distance to Times Square, Fifth Avenue, and Central Park. Priceline only guarantees a double bed (ugh!) so we contacted the hotel directly before arrival to request a queen or king, and to let them know that we would be checking in late. The overnight front desk clerk was less than helpful and said that she knew of no such request, that we had a room with 2 double beds. We spent the first night there, the air conditioner was great (freezing) but there was hair in the bathtub (yuck). Also, it was a &quot;migraine room&quot;, something that I experienced several years ago on a trip to NYC with a friend...all of the windows are blocked by different parts of the building, so the sun never comes through..not easy to wake up in the morning! Next morning we again requested the upgrade at the front desk, and were treated wonderfully by Vito (manager?) who upgraded us to a &quot;Junior Suite&quot;, standard size room, which is large by NYC standards, great bedding and pillows, and outstanding views of the East river! I couldn't bring myself to complain about anything since they were so generous with the upgrade, but...the jacuzzi tub was unusable, even as a regular bathtub, since the drain plug didn't work, and when I pulled it up to possibly see what the problem was, the stench and rusty funk on it almost knocked me over. Suffice it to say we took showers. And the a/c barely blew, which was miserable since it was 90 degrees in New York last week. The Tudor has huge potential, but it needs some cleaning up. But for what hotels were going for, even if we had stayed in the first room, I definitely feel like I got my money's worth and then some.	
Jun 5 2007 	Ask the right questions!	After booking this 3 star hotel through priceline ($175/night) I promptly called the hotel to request a non smoking room. The reservation department required that I leave a message and they would get back to me. Three left messages later no one had returned my call and I was to arrive in less than 4 hours. I asked the front desk to help me with my request and within 10 seconds time I had reserved a nonsmoking room and was upgraded to a queen bed with little more than a please. At no extra charge I might add. When I arrived the room was quite larger than priceline's other 3 star ranked hotels. Bathroom was roomy, A/C was on and cool, no smell or other oddities. One thing that I must say is that we stayed in room 1217...(North Tower) This has to be the quietest room in all of New York City. No traffic noise whatsoever. Overall since I don't get to decide where I stay with priceline it's always a gamble, I never book through them for anything less than a 3 star and from some of the other ones I've seen I happily give this room and hotel an ALMOST 4....	
Jun 1 2007	Very pleasant stay	My husband and I very much enjoyed our stay at theis hotel. We got a bargain introductory rate on the hotel website, and were pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to a room with large terrace and jacuzzi. The staff was courteous and efficient. We especailly enjoyed the neighborhood with two parks and playgrounds just a block away in Tudor City which provided a lovely respite. We had stayed in this hotel a few years ago and were placed in a dark, handicapped room--much better on this visit.	
May 20 2007 	Good hotel got a free suite upgrade.	Spent two nights May 18. Arrived at 1:30 pm and not only was the room ready, but I got upgraded to a suite.Very quite, nice bed, good shower, jacuzzi.Shows some wear but about what I expected.Ate some bad egg salad from a nearby deli. Had to sleep all day Saturday, nice and comfortable, with little noise.	
May 17 2007	Pants	Messed up our booking. Had booked 2 rooms, and only one was available. Should have been twins. The one available was a double. Had to take that and then also pay for upgrade on other ropom to a suite. Suite was nice, double was rubbish. Very tatty and smelly. Front desk staff were useless and sent an important message to the room even though we had checked out and had told them we would be waiting in the bar for this message.Whole place is shabby and overpriced.	
May 9 2007	Awful experience at the Tudor!	I have stayed at this hotel many times, when it was the Crowne Plaza UN and have enjoyed the service, price and location. Recently I stayed for 2 nights at the Tudor, and it was like a Jekyll/Hyde experience. Awful!The staff were brisk and rude - I had asked to change my room and when they noticed that I was a Priority Club member, they said that they could do it the next day, and to pack my bags and leave them in the room and they would change the room. I did that and went out for the day, and then came back to the hotel and they said that they didn't have the rooms to change - in other words, they reneged on their promise. I went to the old room, and my suitcases were there, and the maid had not come to clean the room! The toilet was plugged from the day before, and when I called maintenance, they did a swift plunge and declared it fixed, when obviously it was not. The wireless did not work, and I was charged. And the room smelled bad, but was covered up by a strong deodorizer that I was allergic to. I decided that I could not stay at this hotel and checked out the next day - they gave me a hard time because of my advance purchase and originally weren't going to refund me the extra nights (I had booked 5) when I only stayed 2 nights. I had to fight with the manager about this. I will never stay in this hotel again. An awful experience	
May 8 2007 	Excellent location	Booked a short weekend break at this hotel for a family birthday. Location couldn't be better. Check in serivce a little slow but very helpful and they upgraded the birthday boy. Nicely furnished rooms, small but just what you'd expect of a NY hotel. Would definitely stay there again and recommend it to all. Shame a previous reviewer had such a poor experience	
May 7 2007	Great Hotel	This hotel is at the end of 42nd street, just around the corner from the UN. We couldnt get lost in NYC because the Chrysler building is also very near. We'd read previously about how wonderful a sleep you get here, well take it from one who normally sleeps quite fitfully (even at home), we had a wonderful sleep. The room was lovely. maid service kept it very clean and it was extremely quiet. The staff were helpful but impersonal.The bar prices are on the high side.	
May 6 2007 	Terrific Hotel!!!	The hotel recently changed names (from the Crowne Plaza to the Tudor Hotel), so perhaps this is why my experience is nothing like the last poster's.I received a complimentary upgrade upon arrival, in part due to the hotel's &quot;Opening Special&quot; and part due to arriving early at check-in. The room was completely clean, comfortable bed, lovely bathroom and nice to have windows that open.The rest of the furniture and the hotel did not seem to be &quot;falling apart&quot; and I found the accomodations quite nice by New York City standards for a room that I paid $199 for! The staff was extremely considerate - and the only issue that I had is having to pay for high-speed internet access (a little pricey, the last few NYC hotels I was in offered it complimentary) and there wasn't enough tea/coffee for more than one person.The location is also great, just a few blocks from Grand Central terminal.I'd highly recommend this hotel as a very nice place to stay for a reasonable price.	
May 2 2007 	I will never stay here again!	I had checked this website before booking this hotel so I thought everything would be ok. I thought wrong. The hotel staff was rude and not helpful. The room smelled bad and we kept running out of toilet paper and it would take forever to get some sent up to the room. I will never stay here again!	
Apr 17 2007 	Excellent location	Brilliant location, good service, did not eat there so cannot make a comment on food. Rooms are ok in size and are clean. A little worn in places but does not get away from it being quiet enough to sleep and only a 5 minute walk from Grand Central. There are plenty of places on 42nd street to get breakfast and Grand Central is a great place to eat, try the cheesecake.	
Apr 12 2007	What a great hotel	Stopped at the hotel for a 3 night break and we couldn't have asked for more. Room was clean and a good size. Breakfast was very good - we ate and stocked up for the days sight seeing. Only downside is that the drinks in the bar were a bit on the expensive side, but it is a hotel after all!! Views weren't great from the hotel - unlike the views we had from the Millenium, but you can't have everything. We would definately look to stop in this hotel on our next adventure to New York as I think it offers great value for money and is ideally situated to get to any part of the city in a short time.	
Apr 11 2007	Great bargain in NYC	Myself and three friends stayed in this hotel over Easter weekend for three nights on a classic tourist trip to NYC.I had booked the hotel months ago and it was by far the cheapest rate that I could find at any 'name-brand' hotel in Manhattan at only $219/night.Our room was excellent, with a large bathroom, two double beds and a pull-out sofa bed in the sitting area. While the furnishings were not extravagant, they were all quite nice and the room was always very clean despite us messing it up every evening with food and drink.The location worked well for us with Metro passes. It is about a four-block walk to Grand Central Station which was not a big deal for us but may bother some since it is your closest metro link option.We did not eat in the hotel restaurant but it looked quite decent. I would definitely stay in this hotel again if I was in Manhattan.	
Mar 19 2007	Hidden Jewel on the East Side	The Crowne Plaza UN is a beautiful hotel sandwiched between an old church and other tall buildings just off Third Avenue.I only stayed there one night and didn't spend much time in the hotel--but I was impressed. The rooms are of course small; this is New York, after all. If you've ever stayed in a full-sized Japanese hotel room, you know what to expect. However, it was really nice. Luxurious linens, very clean, and a great shower. They even provide a little gift bag containing (among other things) earplugs and a sleep mask, placed on each bed. Very thoughtful, considering that anywhere you stay in NYC, you're gonna hear some sirens. In the small stereo in the room, there's even a CD of new-agey fall-asleep music--which has hilarious commentary at the beginning. Check it out!The view out the window was of the building next door; but what else would it be?I walked past the lobby bar a few times, and it looked very nice, with lots of well-heeled-looking people having drinks there. It looked classy and cozy at the same time.The front-desk staff were also very nice, and checkin/checkout were a breeze.At just over $200 (corporate weekday rate), this wasn't a steal--but hey, it's New York.One other thing: I posted a comment on the hotel's website to suggest delivering some newspaper other than the USA Today in the mornings. I mean, it's New York, and the New York Times is one of the best papers in the world! (And no, I don't work for them.) I received a thoughtful e-mail from the manager saying that they'd consider this suggestion.The Crowne Plaza UN isn't terribly close to many of the main tourist attractions--but it's not far by subway, and walking to them is doable. And I would be this hotel is quieter than those near Times Square or in Lower Manhattan. If you have business at the UN or elsewhere in Murray Hill, staying at this hotel is a no-brainer.	
Mar 13 2007 	Nice hotel in a good location	My partner and I stayed here for a long weekend (Thurs-Sun). We found this hotel very good. We was on the 8th floor in a standard room and although the room was small with just enough room to walk around the sides of the bed it was still good enough. The bed was really comfy and the room came with an iron, ironing board, trouser press, coffee maker, hair shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, CD player/clock and a safe that you didn't have to pay for which was excellent! On the bed was a welcome package which included lavender linen spray, an eye mask and ear plugs. I did hear some very slight street noise from our room but it was literally just sirens a couple of times in the whole 4 days. There was no view from the room though - only of a brick wall but then we didn't go to NYC to look at the view through a window! We found the staff fine and the place clean. It was in a great location as well - not to far from everything you want to see but far enough away that it wasn't noisy. The picture i've posted was taken from right outside our hotel so as you can see the Chrysler building isn't far at all and Grand Central Terminal is right next to it. We managed to walk everywhere from this hotel except down town to see the state of liberty as that really is far! We would definately stay at this hotel again when visiting NYC!	
Mar 13 2007 	OK	This is a 3 star hotel regardless of the official ratings. A lot of things are the way they are in this hotel simply because its New York and that includes the 4 star rating. This is a cheap hotel by NY pricing standards, and its not that bad really. The rooms and corridors are small and cozy. Sheets, bathroom, bedroom were clean. Nice restaurants nearby on second avenue. If you love to shop 57th street beckons and its a hop, skip and a jump to central park, UN, and the sights and museums between.The problem is you get the feeling that the hotel is falling apart beneath its beautiful exterior and interior and the staff is just praying that everything holds together long enough for their shift to end. DO NOT bother contacting the front desk for anything unless you want to charge something! Service in New York has always stunk but a hotel is one place you think would be immune to it. Not this hotel! Front desk was absolutely no help when we found out that the heater had broken down on our floor so we had no heat all night. Luckily it was an unseasonably warm night or we would have checked out or demanded a new room. Think of this as a good 2-3 star hotel and you will be happy. We were :)	
Mar 12 2007 	Make sure they don't give you the room under the air con extrctor!	Hi Make sure that they don't give you the room opposite the lift on the top floor. Its right under some kind of air conditioning vent the size of a small house. Sleeping in that room is like sleeping in a large drum. They will move you if you ask, nicely. They moved me in September 2006...	
Mar 6 2007 	Excellent value good location	For $169 for a queen bed room, in a nice section of town, the overallvalue is excellent. The room was small, but quite workable for the two of us. The bed was quite comfortable. There are 6 rooms per floor, with three around the main stairwell and three of them separate from the main stairwell, behind a closing door - so it was very quiet. I did not hear any street noise from the 14th floor, nor did I hear any noise from other guests, other than incidental comingsand goings. You can park one block south (check out [----]) and there are a ton of restaurants nearby (check out [----]). We had a great breakfast right up the street at the Comfort Diner and a great dinner at Boi, a nearby Vietnamese place. Both were excellent. You can walk right down 42nd Street to Grand Central, or to the Public Library and Bryant Park, or on over to Times Square. It's a nice walk - if you think it's too far, just jump in a cab.	
Mar 5 2007	Great hotel 3 blocks from Grand Central	My husband had to go to a museum in NYC for one of his night classes and at the last minute, we decided to book a room and stay over. We were pretty much going with the cleanest room for the cheapest price. After looking on Expedia, we chose the Crowne Plaza. Neither of us had heard of it before. When we pulled up, two doormen were hailing cabs and handling luggage. The clerk at the desk allowed us to check in at 11:30 AM, even though I think check-in was supposed to be 2:00 PM. The room was small but very clean. It came with an iron, ironing board and pants presser. It also came with a coffee maker, and had conditioner and body lotion as well as shampoo in the shower, which was also very clean. The bed was a good size and really comfy.On the bed was a welcome package which included lavender linen spray, an eye mask and ear plugs ( none of which were needed but it was a nice thought anyway ). There was also a clock/CD player which included a &quot;soothing sounds&quot; CD which you could time to play as you went to sleep. We didn't use it but again, nice idea. The hotel also had what seemed to be a nice restaurant, but we were trying to stay outdoors as much as possible, as part of my husband's assignment was to take photos. That being said . . .We walked south on 2nd Avenue and found a GREAT 24-hour diner/restaurant near 36th street called &quot;Sarge's&quot;. Best breakfast I ever had. All in all, for the money, this hotel beats the crap out of every other NY hotel I've ever stayed in. If the price stays close to the same, we're going back next month just for a romantic getaway.	
Feb 27 2007 	Mixed Experience	I have been staying at this Crowne Plaza for almost 10 years now because a major client of mine is located across the street, so it is very convenient for me. Staff service is consistently good, and the lobby bar remodel is a welcome one. Even though I'm a priority club member and have been staying there so consistently, I always get very small rooms that look out onto a brick wall or, in one case, a big air duct. That is pretty depressing. During this latest stay in Feb 2007, my room was looking pretty tired -- carpet was starting to fade, walls and doors were nicked, even the cleanliness was a bit wanting. When I checked into my room, my sink did not drain. An engineer came up immediately and was very nice about checking it but couldn't do anything about it so late at night. The next day another engineer took a look at it and it was a bit improved, but it was still very sluggish and when I washed my face and brushed my teeth, I had to deal with a full sink, an off-putting experience. Most of the rooms I've stayed in here do not have desks, so it is difficult to work. Even though this has been a pretty convenient place to stay over the years because of its proximity to my client, I may look for another hotel next time around. The staff do try, hard but the property is showing its lack of upkeep.	
Feb 19 2007	4 night break	Having stayed all over New York in previous years, I decided to try a different hotel, mainly for price reasons as I booked late to see some family. I booked this direct through intercontinental website as they appeared to be cheapest. I got a good rate of approx £100 a night including tax's for a double room.I read various reviews on trip adviser and got a bit put off by some but I thought I’d take a gamble.In short, I will summarise.Some people complained about the location, its 5-minute walk from grand central station, and 15 minutes from Times Square. I hung out all over NYC so location wasn’t too much of an issue but the 15 minute walk back from times square at 2am in -10c weather was annoying so I took taxis for like $4.Prices in the hotel for food and drink were on a par with the city but hey, your in New York, who would want to stay in the hotel and eat/drink, there are bars surrounding the hotel.My room was clean, bed was comfy, bathroom was swish (marble and granite) but I didn’t spend too much time in the room, it was a place to shower and sleep. Granted it’s not of the same quality as a UK crowne plaza but it’s a cross between a Travelodge and a cosy English Inn.The TV had some cable channels, picture quality wasn’t great but it does the job. Like all hotels the pay per view movies were new but expensive but I didn’t watch any.The telephone in the room was expensive; I even had to pay $2 every time I used my calling card via toll free number.I didn’t go for the breakfast option, as it looked expensive so I can’t comment on that but I like going to local cafes to get the NYC atmosphere.I probably wouldn’t stay here again because I like to try different places and personally I’d like to be closer to Times Square for all the action but I certainly can have no complaints.Yes, it used to be called the hotel Tudor and there are still bits in the room with Tudor hotel written on it buy who cares!If I was on business and had planned to be in the hotel a lot more then maybe I’d go for a better quality hotel but for a 4-night stay I just wanted a bed and shower, which were more than adequate!Nice touches were the doormen and canopy outside which give the impression it’s a quality hotel!	
Feb 17 2007 	Not your usual Crowne Plaza	Well, the good news was that I got this hotel through priceline, cheaply, on the day of the stay. It's an old building (actually a registered landmark in NY), but what that means for the hotel guest, unless you're an architecture buff, is small rooms and just a general &quot;old&quot; feel.The room was rather small and worn looking...I was staying alone with one bag, and felt cramped. Like many older buildings in NYC, there seemed to be problems with water temp. and pressure (I woke up at 4AM one morning to get a hot shower). Also, there are no minibars in rooms (despite the literature in your room telling you to get a minibar key from the front desk) and little good light. Restaurant was overpriced (even for a hotel in NYC) and, although many travel websites tell you this hotel is near Grand Central Station and its subway station, you can't make that walk in the winter without freezing.On a good note, the staff, and particulary the doormen, were very helpful.	
Feb 16 2007 	Not the Crowne Jewel...	I was NOT impressed with this hotel. The location was wonderful however the hotel and staff could use some work. We arrived before and were allowed to check in early however the staff was quite cold. The room was small, but we expected that. The furnishings were ok but showing some wear and the walls look like they needed some paint. The bathroom was ok if you didn't look under the counter.. It was a little grimey under there! I didn't get the heebie-jeebies like I do in nasty hotels. Now on to the wonderfully rude and unhelpful staff. After a night of sneezing, we realized the pillows were down. I asked the front desk if they had any kind of alternative to these. The clerk was not even sure that the pillows were even down. She implied we were making it up. When I explained that they felt like down and caused an allergice reaction like down, she stated that maybe they were a mix. But they did not have any other pillows for guests. The staff was mostly cold the entire stay. The only nice people were the doormen, the maintenance man and the maid. They were fantastic!	
Feb 7 2007 	Great ValueGreat ServiceGreat Location	This hotel was great. From the time I walked in the lobby I felt like I was a valued guest and was treated as such. I arrived at the hotel around 9:30AM and was checked in immediatley. (check in time is 3PM) The front desk staff was courteous very helpful anytime I had a question. The consierge and bell captains at this hotel are first rate and made my stay a memorable one. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay at a nice hotel in the city.	
Feb 6 2007	Great Value - Overall Very Nice	This was my first trip to New York and I was very skeptical about the hotel after reading some of the reviews but I took a chance. The price of the hotel was great and the location was very convenient. There was a great pizza place within one block and a baskin robins and dunkin doughnuts. Grand central is a short distance away and there was never a shortage of cabs passing by for us to flag down. Times Square was about a $5 cab ride away. The staff was very helpful from the beginning by letting us check in early and not charging us extra for our two extra guests. When we called for towels the staff was very prompt. The hotel lobby was great with a bar and lounge area but the elevators and hallways are very small. The elevator just barely fir 4 people but they were prompt so it was okay. The room was a little smaller than I expected since I booked a junior suite and was expecting a separate living room but it worked out okay. The closet had plenty of space and built in shelves. The bathroom was average size, could provide more room without the bade. I have to add that the concierge was outstanding. We asked numerous questions and were able to get exact directions and some great tips. Overall we had a very pleasant stay minus the freezing weather. Oh the heat lamps at the entrance to the hotel were a plus when waiting to hail a cab!!	
Feb 4 2007	Small Dirty Rooms	Small, worned out rooms.The room did not appear to be cleaned well. Front desk staff were rude and seem disinterested in their job. The overall feeling was one of unprofessionalism and poor value for the money. Had a Guarenteed non-smoking room reservation and was given a smoking room. Hotel denied I had a reservation and when I showed my email confirmation they suddenly found it. I would not stay there again.	
Feb 1 2007	Much Better Experience	I wrote a review upon visiting the CP UN last year. While not negative, I did not find many positive things to say about the place other than the rate. I stayed at this hotel again in January mainly because the rate was great compared to other hotels of equal quality. This time, I booked a junior suite. I was very satisfied with the room and the front desk appeared to be more interested in their customers this time. Again, the location is great for Grand Central, the rate is usually good, and the rooms are nice if you get a junior suite or even a superior room. The standard room is not too good, though.	
Jan 31 2007 	Good room comfy bed	I enjoyed my stay here. As I'm a little fussy with rooms (don't like older hotels), I was initially a bit disappointed that the room looked a little tired, but after sleeping in the bed, I started to feel more at home in New York. The bed was very comfortable and they had spruced up the room with newer furnishings. It was well kept and clean. The location was pretty good - close to the subway. Sure, it's not in Times Square but you'd have to pay nearly double the price if you wanted that location. New York hotels are expensive, and all things considered, the room was pretty good value at US$182 a night.	
Jan 31 2007 	Fantastic Location	Was origionally booked into theCrowne Plaza Times square but decided it was too &quot;in your face&quot; being in the middle of Times square, so opted for the Crowne Plaza United Nations. The dates we stayed 25 - 28th Jan 2007 Where do I start... We Arrived at JFK,and got a taxi to the Hotel (cost was $45 plus toll cost $4.50 plus tip) Arriving at the Hotel, we were ushered to the express check in area, being a Priority Club member and was upgraded to a Junior Suite..NICE ! We were in New York to celebrate my 40th Birthday and the reception staff wished me happy birthday, with no prompting at all. Arrived at the room as was surprised as the room was a good size and the bed was very very comfortable. Large bathroom with a Jacuzzi bath. Had a great 3 night stay all the staff were great. Left the cleaning maid a couple of bucks a day, and she always left extra soaps, shampoos, body lotions, towels e.t.c. Nice touch was that there was a sweetie jar on the desk full of nice sweets, which we helped ourselves too on the way out for our long walks around the great city that is New York. I would highly recommend this Hotel, its in a great location, close to, and on the same road as the Iconic Chrysler building and Grand Central Station. If you fancy a beer on your way home from yor travels, there is an Irish bar opposite the hotel called McFaddans, which was fine most evenings, it was heaving on Saturday night, full of a young crowd but no bother.All in all great location, great Hotel, and will stay there again, without a doubt.	
Jan 24 2007	Oh come on you guys! This hotel is quite nice.	After booking on Priceline and getting the Crowne Plaza for 110.00 per night I checked reviews here and cringed expecting the worst. Come on! E. 42nd at 2nd ave. Quiet location for NYC, a few blocks from Grand Central or the East River (if you want a quick swim) or anywhere you want to go. The hotel has small elevators and narrow hallways. So what? Great photos of old NY in the halls and only 10 max rooms per floor. The room we had had a terrace! A terrace! The room was huge and ...gasp...had a bidet! Which was refreshing though my wife wouldn't touch it. The staff were absolutely fine and friendly and gave us a great room even though it was Priceline and sometimes you get less than the best. The bathroom was marble and plenty large. The mini bar was empty and locked. But who cares! Oh no! What to do when hungry in middle of night? Come on you whiners..... this is NYC not Omaha and there is more great food right outside your door than anywhere on Earth! I loved this hotel, I've stayed all over NYC in unpredictable spots and rooms and I would choose this hotel even at full fare. One thing: this is a high parking rate area. cars cost 45.00 and my pick up truck cost 55.00! If I had to do it over again I'd park in a less high rate area and cab to the hotel. This was a great location to catch a cab any time you wanted it. Enjoy.	
Jan 15 2007 	Very Good Experience	I booked several months in advance for an overnight stay, and was not sure what to expect given the reviews. I trusted it would be just 'OK', but it turned out to be a very good experience. I added a friend onto the reservation, and the hotel did not charge for the change in persons per room, as I had been told may occur.The front desk volunteered to find a room with separate beds, again a deviation from my reservation but immediately taken care of.We enjoyed the rooms: modern, clean and comfortable. As travelers with certain dietary needs, upon our request we were promptly given the name and number of a particular food establishment. This took place while still signing in.The internet capability was a bonus. It could be said to be a bit expensive at $14.95 a day. Well, that is the price we pay as professionals who need the service, or as people who just want the luxury of instant access to the world. All staff was courteous and helpful, and made our trip to New York City a positive one. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 13 2007 	Great Location	I stayed at this hotel with a girl friend for a 4 night break to shop and see the sights.For two women this hotel is in a great location, very close to the subway and in a very safe area. It is only a short walk to many attractions and near the shops on 5th Avenue and Lexington Avenue.We got a taxi from and to JFK airport which only took about 25 minutes each way and cost $45 plus tunnel toll and tip. We booked a superior room with 2 double beds and it was very comfortable, the beds were good and the shower excellent. This hotel should not be confused with a Crowne Plaza in the UK which would be of a much higher standard, I cannot agree that this hotel has 4 stars as it is more like a 3 star. It used to be the Tudor Hotel up until about 10 years ago and it has seen better days. It is looking tired and needs updating. Saying that the staff were very helpful and it was very clean.We did not eat or drink in the hotel as there are so many other places to do this in NY.We did experience an awful lot of noise in the hotel, some people obviously cannot shut a door, they prefer to let it slam behind them.I would definitely stay there again with a friend but if I was with my husband I would like somewhere a bit more plush.	
Jan 4 2007 	ok but could be lots better great location	We stayed here between the 27/12/06 and the 2/1/07the hotel is in a great location on 42nd street about a 15 minute walk to times square and about 5 minutes to grand centralwe stayed in a superior double room which had a excellent bed which was very relaxing, the mini bar was locked and had nothing in as they are unused. the bathroom had seen better days but had both shower and bath that both used and plenty of linen. the room was clean and tidy the tv has plenty of channels to view and a cd player also available within the room.We heard no outside noise and where on the 10th floor room 1024 which was very noisy from the room next door which backed onto their bathroom. on two nights we where woken by other guests at 1am on the first night security came up straight away and the guests where then quite and the other was somebody ringing our door bell to the room at the same sort of time but no one there, we mentioned this at reception and they gave us complimentary cont breakfast, which we had on new years day. The breakfast was ok with limited options i had the cont which was fruit and toast also pastries, which i had, which was stail, my husband paid the extra 5 dollars for full english which was ok but not the best.we drank in the bar 1 evening however this was very expensive i paid 5 dollars for a bottle of water which you buy in the shops for 1 dollar what a mark up.I would recommend both italian restaurants near the hotel turn left and then one is on the right and the other on the left both very good, however be warned they do family style service which are hugh portions.the other restaurant we tried was english meets italian which is about 5 mins walk it has a set menu the food is excellent and what a great atmosphere.for new year we went the tgi friday in times square what a great night you must do times squaure once in your life.have a fab trip i would use this hotel again but try a different hotel room as this one was very noisy.	
Jan 3 2007 	Nice Enough !	Was a little concerned having read a couple of reviews but worked out fine. Location is good for a tourist as its about 15mins walk from Time Sq (and less if you take the Grand Central shuttle) and the same from Empire State. Subway is easy to other places from Grand Central. Hotel is typical city centre - a little anonymous and smaller rooms - but certainly clean and big enough (we were there for a week). Breakfast is ok but not worth $20 especially as there's plently of cafes around - luckily we were on an inclusive rate otherwise we wouldn't have bothered.	
Dec 24 2006 	OK hotel	Probably the only hotel in NewYork where you can not get the New York Times.When I asked for it they told me that they did not have anyone to go out and get the newspaper for me.How very weird?Comfortable bed,the room decor needs upgrading but the bathrooms are very clean .A little distant from everywhere but still a good buy.	
Dec 12 2006 	Fantastic: Jacqui from warwickshire England	I go this hotel through priceline at a competitive rate, however, the priceline experience service was not quite as good. As for the hotel it was great. The location was fab with plenty of bars and resteraunts close by. The concierge recommended some great resteraunts and places for breakfast. Our favourite was Mamma mexico. The food here was amazing especially the gucamole. The hotel was clean and tidy and the staff were all very helpful. The rooms were spcious and the beds were very comfortable. The area was quiet at night and the rooms were always well service. i have stayed at other crowne plaza's which were better decorated but overall this experience was as good. I am surprised by the negative reviews because are experience was great. I would recommend Johns and the comfort dinner for breakfast both good and reasonably priced. Enjoy!!!	
Dec 7 2006 	I'd pass on this one.	I stayed for a few nights in December 2006. The hotel has a lot of character. Public space is nice, hallway corridors are narrow and charming. Guest room had alot of charm and the hotel seemed like a boutique hotel. Rooms are worn and in need of an upgrade. They do not have the typical Crowne Plaza Pillowtop mattresses and 5 pillows per bed. I had a room that had only two pillows and a small satin decorative pillow. The room was very clean and the housekeeping staff was friendly. The big negative here is the front desk staff. I encountered 4 different females at the front desk at various times during my stay. I am not a high maintenance guest, but found all of them to be rude and surly. The first impression was at checkin around 2 pm in the afternoon. There was a line of about 6 people. 2 attendants were at the front desk. One stopped in the middle of what she was doing to go in the back office and get money for food she had had delivered. She was in the back for 3-4 minutes getting money to pay the delivery guy I guess. When she finally got to me I said &quot;Good Afternoon!&quot; She rolled her eyes and said -&quot;Last name?&quot; On the second day of my stay, I called to the front desk to request a key for the minibar. I was told that the minibars are all out of service. I asked for a soda vending machine- I was told there were none. I asked where I could get a soda. I was told the restaurant was closed. I asked where the closest place I could get a soda would be. After a sigh-- (I am sorry for annoying this girl) but this should not be a difficult request. Another time I approached the front desk for directions. The young lady was on her cellular phone. She pointed for me to go to the bell stand for directions. The bellman was busy talking to the doorman, so I walked next door to the Helmsley and got directions there. It is really a shame, as this is a nice hotel. With new staff at the front desk, this could be an excellent hotel. I paid $400 and change per night. I received better service at some economy hotels. Shame on the manager of this hotel for not being more visible and taking care of these curt employees. Who pays their salaries? I would not stay here again and will write to Crowne Plaza Corporate Offices as well.	
Nov 29 2006 	Great Hotel	After reading some of the reviews on Tripadvisor I was a little nervous about staying at the Crowne Plaza at the UN, but these worries were eased the moment we arrived.The staff were freindly and helpful and despite the hotel being busy when we arrived there was no delay checking in. Our dobule room was spacious, clean and fully air conditioned. The sleep cd and welcome pack was a nice touch.At 200 dollars a night the hotel was good value for money, especially when compared to other hotels in the midtown area. Overall the location was quite good, although a little bit east.I would recommend the Crowne Plaza at the United Nations for anyone looking for a quality hotel in a good location at a reasonable price.	
Nov 16 2006 	Excellent Location	I stayed at this hotel for business from 11-17 November. I was rather worried after having read all the negative comments on this website. However, the room I had was very okay. It was as asked, non-smoking, with a queen size bed, and in a quiet corner of the hotel. The size was definitely okay for a NY hotel with sufficient space to put bags etc away. The linnen was crisp and the bathroom and room clean. The free wireless internet connection in the lobby did not work (but that may have been me not knowing what to do....) but the high speed internet access in the room worked very well (expensive though). The staff, while by no means being friendly, was correct - most of the time. The location is excellent. One can easily walk to many places, and the subway is just ten minutes walk away. I tried roomservice on the first night, but that is something I would not advice. The prices for a sandwich were 4 times the price for the same sandwich in a deli 150 metres from the hotel. As I discovered on the second day of my stay, there are plenty of good restaurants and deli in the neighbourhood, so there is no need at all to eat in the hotel. Overall, this is definitely a place I would stay again.	
Oct 7 2006 	Bad experience	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza at the UN for 4 nights in September 2006. This was the only hotel around with rooms available at that time so I was &quot;obliged&quot; to stay there... No other choice.The room is ok, clean and relatively modern with minimum accomodations (the mini-bar is locked however). The rest of the hotel is clean as well. There is a business center and Wifi available everywhere in the lobby (I had no time to check prices).The thing I would like to report is first the very high prices in this hotel. They are charging local calls at astounding rates. Even calls to the lobby are charged. Ordering a pizza (by the way the food is extremely bad) in your room will cost you a minimum of $40.Second : the staff members are unpolite and they simply don't care about you. At the desk they will barely answer your questions without even looking at you.Bad service, bad prices, bad experience, I will never go back there.	
Sep 14 2006 	Worst experiance ever!!	To begin with, there is'nt a ramp for strollers/wheelchairs in the entrance of the hotel.We had to wait for 3.5 hours (till 5.30 pm) in the small lobby before we were assigned to one of our 2 suites.We had booked a junior suite which turned out to be smaller than the standard rooms in other Crowne Plaza Hotels.There was a very unpleasant odour in both rooms and the carpets were filthy.In one of the suits there was no shampoo, no clean towels and dirty bedsheets in the sofa bed!!When we complained to the manager on duty about the problems above, he was very rude and refused to cooperate, sayin that these were &quot;New York standards&quot;.In conclusion, we would not advise you to stay there as we would never again.	
Sep 12 2006 	Give this a miss!	I would never stay here again. Yes, the location is great, especially as it's within walking distance of the UN, but this is a 2 star property at best. First of all, though I booked a queen size room for a whopping $320 a night (yes, that's right), when I checked into my room it was a wheelchair access double room, which I know from the website was cheaper. I called to complain and the front desk told me they had no other rooms. (Not sure I bought that, but whatever). When I pointed out that I shouldn't be charged for a room I didn't get, they agreed to charge me what the room was worth -- after 15 minutes of arguing and being left on hold.The next day they moved me to the queen sized room I'd asked for in the first place, which was better at least, but these rooms are very tired. There's mold in the bathrooms, the air-con is noisy, the carpets stained, and the beds are a joke. Cheap mattresses! The lobby looks like a hallway, you wouldn't want to spend much time there, and the elevators are tiny and out of order alot of the time. I can't believe this hotel is charging these rates, but I guess they can and people like me pay it -- once. There are way better places to stay in this location, trust me.	
Aug 8 2006 	Great hotel in a great location	Despite the mixed reviews here, we booked a room for two nights at the Crowne Plaza. We were in town for a wedding, and the wedding party and other guests were staying at the UN Millennium two blocks away, so we wanted to be in the area (but not pay the $$$ for the Millennium).The Crowne Plaza was terrific! From the courteous front desk staff to the little sleeping kit on the bed, we were very pleasantly surprised. The room (1 Queen bed) was a little small but very nicely decorated with lots of little amenities. Good hot water and water pressure in the shower - always important. Some friends staying at the Millennium came back to our room and said that ours was nicer than theirs! We saved $100/night and were happier than they were as well. Wish I'd had a chance to use the fitness room, but just the fact that they have one is good news.The one disappointment: the website says &quot;in room internet access&quot; but it turns out that you need to pay $15/day to use it. Oh, and I wish the minibar had been refrigerated.We would (and probably will) totally stay here again. If you're used to 5 star hotels then the Crowne Plaza might not seem very glamorous, but we've had bad experiences looking for just basic NYC accommodations before, so we were very pleasantly surprised.	
Aug 7 2006 	PERFECT location	I am being very nice to tell you this, so listen up: They are doing refurbishments and if you don't mind the sound of hammers, drills and other unnecessary and unexpected noises during your holiday, then go ahead and book a room there, otherwise forget this place till september.I am being a LOT nicer to give this place a 4 rating. The location is PERFECT. East 42nd street, 5mins to the UN (to the east) and 5mins to the chrysler building(to the west). and you don't even have to change your vertical bearings, just keep walking in 42nd street! 10-15mins to the west will take you to times' square and that's where it all happens.Excellent friendly staff, internet connection in the rooms (but a little expensive, just take ur laptop to a nearby starbucks opposite grand central station which is again on the 42nd st.)So remember, they're doing work till September and the elevators might be out of order sometime during the day.	
Jul 28 2006 	Excellent Location	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza UN from 7/21/06-7/24/06. This hotel is situated in an excellent location as it is walking distance to all main attractions in NYC. The rooms are small as to be expected but not quite as clean as I anticipated but livable. I had read in prior reviews that this hotel did not have an iron - yes it does and a trouser press at that too! Mini-bar in room and good cable channels. Bathroom could use some updating. We were assigned room 1120 with an otherwise not pretty view but who is in NYC for the hotel view? Clean sheets and towels all the time. Only two of the three elevators were operable and slow at that. Room service was excellent. Presentation of food was good too. Staff very friendly and helpful however, we did notice that there was no door service or luggage service on Saturday and Sunday. Perhaps since the hotel is in the middle of remodeling.... The going rate was $159. Booked through Site69 as a last minute package- beware of this third party site it does not offer good customer service. Our flight was cancelled due to mechanical problems and Delta was unable to put us on another flight until the next day. Called Site69 to ask for assistance and they are useless insisting that Delta was responsible to remedy the situation. After explaining to Delta personnel that Site69 was unwilling to book us on another airline or credit us for the prepaid night at the CPlaza they made every possible effort and put us on a connecting flight through Atlanta that same evening arriving in NYC at 1:30am instead of the anticipated 9:15pm and FIRST CLASS at that! Reminder: always use a credit card or better yet, American Express to purchase travel. American Express almost always defends their customer - YOU!	
Jul 25 2006 	Enjoyed ..	Stayed at Crowne Plaza on a Friday and Saturday night. The location of the hotel was great and the staff very helpful. Upgrading their elevator system..abit of a pain, but overall we enjoyed.	
Jul 21 2006 	Ok hotel for the money	Nice up to date room. High quality linen. Quite big room for NY. Very clean. Effective air-condition. Good location. Paid 199 USD for a twin executive room-good price for being NY.	
Jul 7 2006	Excellent Location	This was our second stay at this hotel. The first time, we had a room with bed and sleeper sofa. That room was quite large by NYC hotel standards. The room this time was much smaller. If there are going to be more than 2 people staying in the room, it will be very cramped. Overall, the quality of the property was excellent. The staff was very friendly as well. The location is ideal for Manhattan sightseeing. There is a crosstown MTA bus right outside that will take you directly to Times Square or the Intrepid. Grand Central is about a 3 block walk. This puts you within touch of all the major subway lines. As far as reasonable places to eat nearby, there is a coffee shop on 43rd and 2nd Ave that is reasonable and good. Other than that, take the bus to Times Square, there are plenty of eateries there. Much better selection. There may be other places along 1st or 2nd Ave. We just didn't investigate it that much. Overall, a very good experience.	
Jun 8 2006	Everything We Hoped For!	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza at the United Nations and loved it! After reading multiple reviews about the dinginess and the small size of the hotel rooms in NYC, we had lowered expectations but were pleasantly surprised when we were given a large room on the 18th floor. Room included a king sized bed, a seating area with couch and coffee table and a desk. Bathroom was a good size and included a Jacuzzi tub. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room faced East towards the river so it was very quiet. My only small complaint was that the curtains in the room didn’t completely block out the light like most hotel room curtains do, but not a huge deal. We just got up at regular times instead of sleeping in ‘til all hours of the day! My favourite part about the hotel was the linens…they were soft and comfortable. The comforter wasn’t made of that itchy nylon material.The staff at the Crowne Plaza were friendly…doorman and front desk staff always smiled and said hello as we passed. No problems leaving luggage there until our later flight…and they didn’t charge for this service! Location of the hotel was perfect…just a few minutes walk from Grand Central and the Metro. Other hotels in the area were the Helmsley and the Hyatt. Took about 20 minutes to walk to Time Square. We couldn’t have asked for a better location…it was away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square but still centrally located to everything.	
Apr 29 2006	Would definitely return	I have to give it a better than average rating if for no other reason than its location. Not far from Times Square or Grand Central, it's location is ideal for what most tourists are looking for in New York. I was a little hesitant that it would be too far east (I've stayed in a hotel off 3rd Ave., further north) to have any restaurants nearby, but that proved to be of no concern. There's plenty to choose from for either a quick bite or nice dining, or even a quick pick-up for breakfast in the am. Yes, the room is a little on the small side, but it is an old building. Not really a big deal. The bathroom was totally updated &amp; nicer than any other I've stayed in in a long time. And what a treat to be able to open the window for fresh air. The female concierge really didn't seem to like her job although I would never say she was rude or inefficient. Just didn't seem to want to be there. We affectionately called her Smiley! The male concierge on the other hand, was very helpful &amp; professional. I am a travel agent and didn't seem to get any preferential treatment, which I don't want! I want to know how my clients would be treated if I send them there. All in all, I'd say for the price &amp; location, it's a good choice.	
Apr 18 2006	Quite OK	We have been staying in this hotel for the Easter week. We got a preferential rate of 170 USD, which would be rather expensive for European standards but was the cheapest decent option we could find in NYC for that period. The room we finally got was nice, with two windows, marble bathroom and a comfortable queen bed. However, before getting it, we had to complain with the reception because the first room we were assigned was small and with one twin bed for the two of us! The same happened to the friends travelling with us - they got a dark room on the fourth floor, with only one window facing a wall, and they had to ask to change it for a brighter room (we were staying one whole week, so comfort was quite important). We did not understand why we should be assigned bad rooms when better ones were actually available. Another weak point was the business centre - the Internet is very expensive (12 USD per hour) and I actually did not manage to use it as the machine for payment did not seem to work (nobody was there to help). Television has only American channels - a bit discomforting when you want to know what's happening in the rest of the world. Otherwise, we enjoyed our stay a lot. We found the location to be very good, as it is central but also quiet. The restaurant seemed expensive, so we had breakfast in the neighbourhood, there are plenty of good options.	
Apr 11 2006	Poor front desk staff	Spent 4 nights at this hotel. I had reserved two rooms as we were a party of 5, thinking this would be fine as the e-mail confirmation I received stated both rooms had two double beds. Prior to arrival I contacted the hotel to confirm the reservation and was told that they were not aware we were a party of five they thought we were only 4 people and that the rooms had twin beds, not doubles in them. Explained that I had made it quite clear when reserving that we were a party of five and that we needed the bigger beds. Also my reservation had been mixed up with another guests checking in that day with the same intilas and as such they could only be certain that I had one room reserved. The staff whilst not rude certainly were not reassuring and said they could do nothing until I had faxed confirmation of my booking. After at least 4 calls leaving messages and trying to speak to someone in authority, plus fowarding e-mails and sending the fax I still did not receive any help. In desperation I phoned Crowne Plaza in the UK and was put through to a very helpful customer relations assisant who promised to contact the hotel and phone back. This she did and said the problem had been sorted. She said she had convinced the hotel to allocate a suite with three beds. She also said the hotel wanted to charge an extra third person rate for this room but in good faith asked the hotel to bill customer relations for this amount. On arrival at the hotel we were allocated one standard room with twin beds ( certainly not doubles) and a suite with a king size bed and a sofa bed. The sofa bed was not made up and there was no acknowledgement of my many attempts to receive a response form the hotel. On checkout the hotel tried to bill me directly for the extra charges for the suite room and had to explain (again!! ) that customer relations were going to pay these. On the plus side the hotel is in a great location, the beds were very comfortable. Great to be able to open windows. The rooms were clean and serviced very effecintly each day. The Bell Captain was very helpful with luggage and sorting a taxi for JFK. Concierge helpful also. The hotel is looking tired and needs a refit. Also rooms and public areas very dark. I would stay there again but only if my arrangements were very srtaight forward and the rate was cheap enough.	
Apr 5 2006	only if the rate is good	Stayed 4 nights 31 Mar-04 April. Had a travel agent rate which I couldn't pass up....were in the north tower on 17th floor. only 1 of 3 elevators were working first couple of days....which is a pain. small lobby, but no big deal. restaurant very expensive, but there is a coffeepot in the room and 2 decent breakfast places a block or 2 away. close to grand central....had a nice corner room with bathrobes and comfy beds and bedding.front desk and bell staff are ok...would stay there again and refer clients if the rate were good enough....	
Mar 21 2006	Location Crowne Plaza	Crowne Plaza.United Nations.New YorkMarch 2006.We have just returned from our trip to New York.We picked the hotel with the help of the previous reviews on this site.We emailed ahead and requested an executive room.We were concerned when our email did not recieve a reply but we were delighted when we checked in to find our request had been granted. We had a lovely room with a very comfortable bed.The standard of cleaniness was ok but the attention to detail was lacking.A make up brush from the previous guest was on the bathroom floor.We felt the hotel was in a good location,fairly central with easy access to transport.The hotel is a five minute walk to Grand Central station and close to diners. We found we were able to see a lot more when we walked.For example it is a twenty minute walk to Times Square and Fifth Avenue.With so much to see on the way it did not feel like twenty minutes.We did not want to be awake all night listening to the sounds of New York.Myra ( Concierge )was very helpful with restaurant reservations.Apart from Myra we did not have much contact with other staff.We would stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 9 2006	Perfectly Fine	Perhaps we were lucky, but our stay was fine. After a short debate, we got our 'platinum' upgrade and were on floor 19 with 2 double beds, a river view and a jacuzzi. Our room was comfortable and pleasant, as were the beds. It possibly wasn't of the highest standard for a Crowne Plaza, but it was certainly comfortable and we paid a good rate.We found all the staff friendly in all our dealings with them. On the third morning we reported that the jacuzzi had stopped working and, when we returned, it was fixed. No one was rude to us. When we asked questions they were answered promptly and efficiently: we even managed a slighter later check out on a very busy day.We didn't use the hotel's restaurant facilities as we are usually disappointed. Within two minute's walk there is a diner, John's, with a complete breakfast for $6, and atmosphere. I imagine that much depends on the type of room allocated to guests at check in.	
Mar 1 2006	I would not recommend this hotel	We just arrived from a stay in New York City. Although the trip was great, I would not recommend the Crowne Plaza at the United Nations. The check in process was relatively painless. However, once we arrived to our room the problems began. The room was dingy and the dresser and night tables were not dusted. The hotel advertised high speed internet access but the connection did not work in our room. We had directions and other things we needed to look up on the internet. We called the 800 help number for the third party company that fixes their internet. They went through some simple troubleshooting steps and then said would escalate the issue. On the next day we called the 800 number again to check on the status of the ticket, and they said they could not give us an estimated time for resolution of the issue. By the 3rd night our connection was not fixed and we needed to confirm our flight information for an early flight back. We went to the front desk, and they were not helpful. They said they have a business center we could use but would have to pay. This was not acceptable to me, so they suggested we speak to the concierge. The concierge was even less helpful directing us back to the front desk and saying he did not know how to fix the intenet. We were not looking for him to fix the internet at this point but rather to help us print out the tickets! He said the front desk could give us a password. I was infuriated since so I explicitly explained this was not a password issue but rather a connectivity and reiterated that we had already called the technical support number and gone to the front desk. It would have been very easy for him to offer to help us and print out the information for us since he was sitting in front of a computer, but instead he tried everything he could try to get rid of us. He said we could try the business center. I had to point out to him that we would have to pay at the business center. He then asked that we gathered the flight information, so we could bring it back to him. He said he would see what he could do. We brought him the confirmation number and he finally logged on the airline website and printed our boarding passes. The service was extremely poor.We also had to call the front desk for a voucher at the front desk for 15% off food and beverages for which we were entitled to upon making our reservations. It seems this should have been provided to us upon checking in. By now this seemed rather trivial but still annoying,Also, the drinks at the bar were quite pricey. They had posted an advertisement that said one could get a free apetizer with the purchase of 2 drinks. We confirmed to make sure this was fine. The bartender said she was new and did not know. Then she said if I saw it posted, then yes it was a special they had. So my husband and I ordered a drink each. She later came back and said her manager said it was 2 drinks per person for an appetizer. This was very annoying not to mention pricey. We tried to use the voucher the hotel had given us for 15% off and the manager at the bar said this was not for the bar but rather the dining area.Overall, they go out of their way to not give you good service. You will have to fight and ask for most things. The only good thing about this hotel is the location. It is close to Grand Central and Times Square.	
Feb 27 2006	Don't go here	Unless you can be 100% certain that nothing can go wrong .... don't go here.We arrived tired from our transatlantic flight, four of us expecting to book into 2 rooms, all paid for and booked, so we thought.It turned out they said we only had one room booked and reception told us they had no more rooms available.We spent half an hour showing them our documentation and still they wouldn't accept that we had two rooms booked. They told us we would have to contact our travel agent ourselves and told us to buy a phone card.At no time did they offer to ring the agent for us, they just didn't want to know!It would have taken them about 2 minutes to ring and resolve the problem but they wouldn't do it.It took us about 90 minutes in total to sort it out ourselves because we couldn't work out the dialing codes and had to keep asking unfriendly staff for advice. When we eventually got through our travel agent sorted it out within 2 minutes and we got our room. Why couldn't the hotel staff have done that for us? And don't forget they initially had told us they didn't have any rooms, which left us worrying for a long time about where we would stay that night.And all of a sudden a room appeared for us!It was very upsetting and spoiled our arrival in New York, which is a fantastic place despite the Crown Plaza Hotel.That first impression was really bad and we didn't enjoy the hotel after that experience and we'll never go back to that hotel.We had breakfast one morning, expensive and tepid food, not worth the money ($20 each)We had drinks one night, again very expensive and they add their 15% tip to your bill automatically.My sister's room had no heating for the first night and the blanket that should have been provided wasn't there, it was one of the coldest periods of the season so they were freezing. The man came to fix it at 6 am after they had had a sleepless night.They promised my sister an extra blanket would be provided but it never came (we were there 6 nights).You only get enough coffee for one cup per day in your room and although you get a tea bag there is only one sachet of whitener.The reception is a no go area, there must be friendlier places to stay?I hope so because we intend to go back and visit New York again.	
Feb 23 2006 	Hotels Needs Renovation	I definitely wished that I had picked another hotel to house participants for a convening that I organized in the area. The quaint appeal of this hotel only proves &quot;quaint&quot; if the upkeep of the property is a key priority. The only thing that stands out as an asset is the location.I won't use this hotel again.	
Jan 30 2006	Unfriendly front desk and bellhops	The hotel was a bit emaciated and dingy, but my real problem with this hotel was the staff. Upon arrival, the doormen were inside, (it was cold), and refused to help me with the bags. There is a young African American male that works the front desk, he was so rude I was laughing. He never helped me with my bags or offered me any assistance with anything my entire stay. I ordered a pizza from across the street, and went down to the lobby to get it. After I paid and tipped the pizza man, he walked up with his hand out and said &quot;Enjoy your pizza&quot;, expecting a tip. Dingy rooms, tired, unconcerned staff, marginal location. If you get a great deal, go for it, but do NOT stay here for a special event.	
Jan 10 2006	Good location and easy to traverse the city from.	Checked in late on the 27th Dec and found the room a little on the small side but waited till the following morning to ask for a new one. We were offered one on the 16th floor away from the elevators and this was much more acceptable. A larger room albeit with a soft bed. Good size bathroom and plenty of storage space. From the window just had a view of the East river which was a nice change for a NYC hotel room. I will agree about being able to hear the bathroom next door though although it didn't inconvenience us too much. All in all I would stay here again but maybe not at new year as it was a little expensive.	
Jan 3 2006	Great location poor housekeeping	We spent 6 nights after Xmas in this hotel which is located on 42nd ST, 1 block from the United Nations Headquarters and a mere 10mins. walk to Grand Central Station plus another 10mins. walk to Times Square. Easy to catch a taxi as 2nd AVE is a busy road. As there's also a bus stop across the street for busses towards Grand Central/Times Square this hotel is good for bad walkers, too. It's located in a less hectic neighborhood than other hotels but area offers lot of pricy as well as inexpensive restaurants/bars - look for the side streets! It has a nice tiny lobby, two hotel wings and one main restaurant, busy elevators. Our queen size bed corner room was on the 16th floor, according to the front desk agent a quiet room away from the elevators but as this hotel is an older one (ex- Hotel Tudor) the room was very bad soundproofed: we could hear the bathroom from our neighbor's room plus anything that happened in the hallway, siren from pastdriving emergency units. This room was very small and had a low ceiling, our bed was too soft. Beside that it contains everything you'll need for a week: small bathroom with hairdryer&amp;coffee making machine, in-room safe, trouser press, ironing board, mini bar, TV/entertainment system, radio alarm clock, 2 chairs. The housekeeping could have done a better job i.e. when we checked into the room we saw 1 peanut laying on one chair and the whole week it remained there untouched&amp;dust could be seen everywhere. Basically, this room had seen better days and so did our housekeeping maid.	
Jan 2 2006	Nice Hotel In December for the price	We stayed here from Christmas 12/25/05 to New Year's Day 1/1/06. I'm in my late 30's and my husband is in his 40's. We are both professionals and love to travel. Just so you know who's writing the review. I searched for quite some time for hotels and the prices weren't cheap for this time of year. But I was able to find a package on Travelocity that included the air and hotel (based on what we would have paid for the air separately, the hotel price was about $200/nt including all taxes, etc.) The lobby is small, but who needs a big lobby anyway. The rooms were a decent size, big bathroom, comfy beds. The staff was mostly friendly except for a cranky concierge named Myra. The restaurant was VERY expensive. Went down one morning just for a cup of coffee. With tax and tip it was $8.00! Also we went for the New Year's Day Brunch. It was painfully disorganized. Not all the food promised was out and it was mediocre at best ($45 each). Skip that! But the front desk staff was very nice and even helped up print some emails. The first day we got there one of the handles on our dresser was broken and they quickly fixed it. They were very attentive and we appreciated it. The hotel is in a nice location. Away from the constant chaos of Times Square but close enough to walk. Grand Central Station is a short walk away. There is a very nice wine shop just around the corner (Sussex) and a little further up is Dunkin Donuts (for a cup of coffee under $2). A cab was always easy to catch just outside the front door. Overall, for the price, this hotel is really a good find. We did find some lovely restaurants in the city while we were there and would recommend Chez Jaqueline up by Washington Park - small, quaint, romantic and excellent french food at a VERY reasonable prices ($100 for dinner for two with a nice bottle of wine, two appetizers and tip) and the River Cafe, which costs about 3 times as much as Chez Jaqueline, BUT is one of the most amazing restaurants I've ever been to - first class all the way, it is on the water in Brooklyn across the Brooklyn Bridge (actually just under it) and has the most spectacular views of the Manhattan Skyline at night. The food was incredible - one of the desserts was the Brooklyn Bridge made out of chocolate! I know it's a lot of money, but it's as much as you'd pay for two tickets to a Broadway show and to me, it was more memorable. We did the dinner cruise for New Year's Eve and had a great time - better than crowding in with thousands in Times Square! Of the museums we saw, our favorite was the Guggenheim. Ellis Island and the Empire State Bldg are touristy but both worth the trip. Greenwich Village and Little Italy/Chinatown were the best places to just walk around. Nice pastry shop in Little Italy called La Bella Ferraro where the owner even sang old italian songs for us! Also the Christmas show at Radio City Music Hall really is a excellent show.	
Dec 19 2005	Good deal at great location	Great location and quiet. Front desk was helpful and pleasant. Room prices were fair. Restaurant and bar were over-priced. Restaurant had good service. Bar had good service during the day but the night bartender was slow and unfriendly. Rooms were very clean and comfortable.	
Dec 2 2005	great all rounder!!	my husband and i stayed at the hotel for 8 nights over thanksgiving and found the hotel to be just perfect! a few blocks from grand central station, a few more to times square! although in a quieter location,(but never far from anything)don't you think you are thankful for that sometimes??!!! the rooms are somewhat small but to be honest they have everything you will need - iron, board, tv, cd player, alarm clock, trouser press, hairdryer...etc... would recommend	
Nov 1 2005	Good value but quiet location	I spent a night at this small but decent hotel. The lobby was small and somewhat in need of new lighting. Staffs were not very helpful or friendly but my questions are answered rather promptly. The room is small. There is hardly any space for my luggage and I had to leave it on the floor (between the bed and TV). The room is clean and well maintained. The bathroom is well kept with good lighting. The bed is very comfortable. The plush pillows and luxury comforter adds to the comfort level. There is no view from my room window unless you consider a wall to be a view.I picked this hotel simply based on the price as I was there in NYC during the labour holiday weekend. All hotels was charging way above $250 a night. I paid only $159 per night. No regrets. I would prefer a better location hotel. But I still managed to walk to the 42nd pier for the cruise, MOMA and Empire State Building.	
Oct 25 2005	Excellent City Break Accommodation	I took my daughter to NY for an 18th birthday present and on arrival at JFK we headed for the reservation desk and were allocated this hotel - I asked for a reasonably priced hotel which was central - and got exactly what I asked for! The rooms were more than adequate - lovely clean and crisp bedding - rich furnishings and a super bathroom - all we needed was a place to wash and sleep (though we didn't do much sleeping!!) which was central to the sights.The hotel is ideally situated for all the sights - we saw everything we wanted to in our four days there although the pace was pretty fast! Apart from the obvious - an absolute must is a visit to The Marriot Marquis Hotel at Times Square - go in there just for the elevator ride up to the top - its awesome - all the floors go flying by - my daughter and I spent about half an hour in the elevator before settling down in the revolving restaurant - this takes about an hour to do one revolution - the coasters are marked with the sights so you know where you are - and for about £10 you get an all-you-can-eat buffet whilst you watch the skyline of NYC go by - fantastic!Also we went in October (autumn) so the queues weren't at all bad. The only time we had to queue was for the Empire State Building and there we queued for about 2 hours. We took a horse and carriage ride around central park (recommended) and our guide told us we had picked the best time to visit New York because the queues were the smallest they ever are - we were able to jump straight into the first of a few carriages in line - the guide told us during other seasons you can expect to wait 4-5 hours for a carriage! Also central park in autumn is awesome - the lovely golden colours, etc. Manhattan is fantastic - very much calmer than I expected - the traffic is quiet and the streets are free from litter - at least it was when we went there. I could go on and on about our trip but as for the hotel - we found it served our needs perfectly. The staff weren't the friendliest people on the planet and the bar area was a bit stuffy and business-like but for a base to rest ones head and shower ones aching bones, it was great - would definitely stay there again and recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 23 2005	Dingy and broken.	I stayed at this hotel for three nights whilst in NY on business. First impressions weren't great when the bell boy who met me from the car did not want to take any of my bags for me. I'm not bothered about carrying my own stuff but anywhere else in NY the bell boys almost jump on you if you try to do so! When I got to my tiny room I turned off the a/c because it was too noisy and decided to open a window to get some air. When I raised the blinds I decided against opening the window because I looked out onto three fire escapes and an alley fully of general detritus. No natural light was getting to the window because the room was boxed in. Elsewhere, the handles were falling off the wardrobe and the pump for the shower wanted to come through the wall. This is not a cheap hotel - nowhere in midtown NY is - but you can get far superior hotels for the money elsewhere.	
Oct 13 2005 	Worth a stay	In short: nice rooms, comfortable bed, location reasonable central. Only downside: hall ways are narrow and walls thin, so it can be noisy. This latter depends on the other guests that stay at your floor. Unfortunately, we had some noisy guests across. However, we had a pleasant stay and I can recommend the hotel.	
Oct 3 2005	Great Weekend at the Crowne Plaza UN!	Just returned from a weekend in New York City with my 13 year old daughter. It was our first trip to NYC and we picked the Crowne Plaza at the United Nations. It was a great choice! We had a good-sized corner room with a big bathroom. (Ask for one of the &quot;02&quot; rooms for a corner.) The bed was very comfortable and the room was very clean. Staff were courteous and helpful, especially the concierge who helped us with theatre tickets and travel tips. The hotel is right on 42nd and 2nd so you can walk everywhere! We got a great rate off the website.	
Sep 25 2005	Good but it doesn't have the 'Wow' factor..	We stayed her for 4 nts in October 04. On arrival we were given a small double room, which we declined (two girls travelling together) - we asked for a twin as booked, which seemed to annoy the receptionist. We were eventually offered a twin smoking room as the only available option(strange, as the American couple checking in after we initially did were offered a choice of twin, double, smoking or non-smoking rooms). The room was fine - it was the corridor that smelt smoky more than anything. The beds and linen were divine - definitely what was needed after a long days shopping / sightseeing. The doormen were very friendly and whilst the hotel as a whole was good, it just didn't feel like it was catering for tourists - had quite a corporate feel to it - more business like than anything else. The location was fine - quite a long walk from Times Sq - and not an awful lot going on in the immediate area at night. If asked, I would not recommend the hotel as the 'ideal' for a sightseeing holiday, but if given the choice between this and another similarly rated hotel, I would probably go for the Crowne Plaza UN.	
Aug 18 2005	Excellent hotel - great beds	The primary point of this review is to RAVE about the comfortable beds. The most comfortable beds I have ever slept in - you just sink in to the bed and it is soooo comfortable.Good location - a few blocks from Grand Central Station. Restaurants, small grocery stores close to the hotel.Had room 924 which is sort of a corner room (see attached photos). Very nice lobby and restaurant area but slow elevators can be a bit of a problem.Highly recommended.	
Jul 28 2005	Good location - Nice place!	My husband and I stayed there from July 22-24. We got a great deal from the AAA web site. We weren't sure what to expect. When we got there, check in was fast and they gave us the correct rate. The staff was courteous and the room was very clean and comfortable - better than we expected. I highly recommend it. We will stay there again.	
Jul 18 2005	Nice and comfortable.	Not very expensive. Small room (525), but comfortable. Clean, everything works fine. Nice neighborhood, quadruple windows. Three blocks from grand central station subway.	
Jun 30 2005	Quite nice	Stayed here with the fiancee last weekend. Would agree that it is not a 1st class hotel: a touch run down (our carpet in our room bubbled) with narrow hallways and elevators. One wonders what the old Hotel Tudor was like before Crowne Plaza spruced it up. Our room was small, but comfy and a corner room with a view of the East River. Service was excellent, especially concierge Maggie, who helped my fiancee with a few birthday surprises for moi. Remarkably quiet yet walking distance to it all neighborhood (Tudor City - who knew?), amazing what just a couple blocks east will do. We usually stay at the Intercontinental Barclay, and would probably go back there next time. But it's also a little unfair to compare these hotels. I completely get why some swear this is the hotel for them.	
Jun 26 2005	Large rooms cool views!	I stayed for 3 nights on a sightseeing trip. Location is ok - right side of town for JFK, plus grand central very close. We were high in one of the towers, fantastic views (Empire State / Chrysler building) from our large room, much better than we expected for the money. The decor of the room was poor and tired. Other than that, the hotel served its purpose of being our base for a fantastic trip, and we were hardly there.Recommend: 'Johns' for a classic New York breakfast- its on the corner.	
Jun 12 2005	only o.k	stayed at this hotel for the marathon, on arrival the receptionist could not process our check in due to some problem they were having and we were asked to wait which we did for half an hour. when we did book in we were taken to our room which was a good size and very clean, The safe was not working and i reported this to reception who promptly sent a security person to fix, in order to do this he had to use the phone to contact an engineer who informed him what to do and this worked, the next morning to my amazement there was a message on the phone from reception for me to inform me that I had a phone bill of $20 which I would need to pay, when I went down to explain the situation to them I was told that I would have to speak to the manager, I was amazed at the attitude to this and when I questioned the manager he informed me that it was policy to bill people as soon as a service had been used due to the fact that I had paid for the room in advance, on our second day when we arrived back to the hotel the sink in the bathroom was full of some black liquid but to be fair when I reported this there was a plumber there within ten minutes to fix the problem. When I was checking out there was no mention of the phone bill or the sink problem and i received no apology. When I returned home I complained to Crowne Plaza and did not receive a reply. I love New York and will return for next years Marathon but i will not be staying at the Crowne Plaza	
Jun 9 2005 	fit the bill/will be back	A buddy and I stayed at the cP at the UN for four nights this past May. I would highly recommend the place if you- can get a reasonable rate that won't hurt the budget (we're Canadians so always had to do the conversion from uSD when researching hotel rates);- are not looking for something in the hustle and bustle of Times Square; and- are just looking for a place to recharge the batteries after a long day/night enjoying NYC. There is a cross-town bus that stops right at the hotel, and Grand Central subway station is about a three to five minute walk (depending on your speed) away. Staff can also get a cab for you upon request. It is a quiet hotel.We stayed in a fourth floor executive room with two queens and a pullout. Space-wise, it certainly was adequate, given we were not in their all that much. While we ended up with a smoking room, either the smell dissipated quickly or we got use to it to the point that it was not an issue. Neither of us used the hotel facilities, except for a drink or two at the bar, whose atmosphere I would describe as a bit stuffy, which isn't a criticism, just an observation. It certainly reflect the international flavor one would expect given its proximity to the UN. Being that my buddy and I are both blind, I was paying particular attention to how staff treated us. What was great is that they were professional and helpful without being patronizing at all. Freddy the doorman and his bell staff were particularly noteworthy. For example, upon arriving, Freddy greeted us, took us up to our room, showed us the essentials (e.g., which is the voicemail button on the phone, which bottle is the shampoo, etc.), and then accompanied my friend downstairs to show him a place where he could relieve his guide dog. While I agree that his extra attention was undoubtedly a result of us both being blind, being a frequent business traveler, I can spot genuine good customer service, and Freddy certainly has the skills down pat. The only reason I did not give the stay an excellent score was because at checkout, the invoice had a pet-deposit fee on it, even after I had CP's Customer Relations write a note on the file prior to my arrival, explicitly confirming that guide dogs are not considered pets. While this was quickly resolved without question, I would expect the front desk staff at a major hotel to know about the ADA and the fact that a guide dog is not considered a 'pet.' To their credit, the woman I dealt with, did indicate that this pet charge was on the bill, so at least it was easily remedied on the spot, rather than having to take care of it after the fact. Despite this minor inconvenience, I will definitely be back. A note to other travelers who are blind that there is excellent Braille signage on doors and at/in the elevators.	
May 18 2005	My favourite Hotel	Having visited New York many times Marathons etc I can honestly say the Crowne UN is my favourite.Friendly staff great location and a cosy 'non plastic' feelA country Hotel within a city	
May 10 2005	Thin Walls	THe staff were very nice. That's the best thing I can say about the hotel. It's an older building and is worn around the edges. The walls are extremely thin and you can hear people talking in normal voices in the next room. Earplugs are provided due to the thin walls. The lobby, the elevators and the halls are worn and need work. It's not a pretty place, but it seemed to be clean. Overnight parking is $40.00 and you must collect your car by 3:00 p.m. or the next day is charged. I'd stay somewhere else. In a word -shabby.	
Apr 30 2005	Not the same experience as that of the 26th April!	We got this room at a rate of $179 per night + taxes. We got there late, check in was great, the room however was not!It was small, with very little natural light as the window looked out into a small &quot;courtyard&quot; with walls on all 4 sides. Light came in from about 10 floors up! VERY DARK.The room itself was ok, comfy bed, sleep pack is a nice touch, but bathroom was small, again dark, cracks in ceiling - plaster coming off and paper off the walls!!Now, we don't spend alot of time in a room in NYC, but the time we do spend, we like to feel comfortable and relaxed. That didn't really happen i'm afraid. We were dissapointed after previous stays at the Novotel &amp; Hilton.Location is good. Quiet. On 42nd street close to Chrysler building and within walking distance to times square etc.If you want a bed, this is ok. If you want a decent room, I would avoid this hotel.	
Apr 26 2005	Wonderful service great location	My husband and I went for a weekend getaway over President's weekend. I'm a travel agent, and have traveled extensively, and knew that that particular weekend was going to be crazy in New York City, but my husband had never been, so I agreed. I looked all over at different hotels, and definitely consider myself cheap - I will not spend more money than I have to on a hotel. To me, it's a place to shower and sleep... because I will explore the city instead of being cooped up in a hotel! My favorite NYC hotel was booked, (Hotel Edison) and so I found a great rate at this hotel, and had to snatch it up.This hotel was wonderful - from the moment we entered the door, to the moment we left. The doorman was wonderful, so courteous and thoughtful, and went out of his way to help you in any way he could. The front desk staff was wonderful, and any time we had to call down to the front desk for any reason, they would help us, and call us back 5 minutes later to make sure that the problem was resolved. (The &quot;problems&quot; I'm referring to are things such as more towels, another pillow, etc...)We stayed in an Executive Suite, because that was the best value for the rate that we paid - $159.50 for 2 nights, $184.50 for the Saturday night. I would DEFINITELY pay more for the upgrade again. Our room had a huge jetted tub, a bidet, and a beautiful sink. Sleep amenities came with the room - lavender pillow spray, a sleep mask, and earplugs with a relaxing CD. The CD was great for a nice jetted bath... We also had a down comforter, and a very comfy bed. The room wasn't small at all, it had a small living area, and a king bed. For NYC, the room was actually quite large!I did notice that even though everyone at the hotel was nice, as soon as they found out our room number (the executive 19th floor) they became that much nicer. Our floor only had 4 rooms on it, and yes, the elevators are small. But if you're not going to stay in a hotel because the elevators are small, in New York City you will pay $400/night.Grand Central Station is a couple of blocks down, and is easily accessible. If you buy a Metro Card, it is good for the buses too, and you can take a bus from across the street from the hotel to Grand Central if you don't want to walk. The Empire State Building, Times Square, and several other attractions are all within walking distance. There's a liquor store/wine cellar right around the corner, which was perfect to pick up a bottle of wine for that bath! (Especially after walking EVERYWHERE - poor, tired feet!)Overall, we would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. As a travel agent, I recommend this hotel to my clients. And if you're interested in a little more in a hotel room, I would recommend the executive upgrade. I think I have a new favorite NYC hotel!If you have any questions about the hotel I will try to answer them... -------------	
Apr 6 2005	February in the City	I have nothing at all bad to say about this hotel. (Ok - The bill was a bit expensive, but you do pay for quality) I booked the hotel last minute and was stuck for choice of a cheaper hotel. But on arriving at the Crowne Plaza I was more than happy with the price. The room was nice and comfortable. And the hotel was a perfect base for exploring Manhatten. We were only a couple of blocks from Grand Central station and Times square. Everything was walking distance. (Even the Stature of Liberty but wouldn't recommend walking ther, as it took more than 2 hours!!!)I have to say that I would stay at the Crown plaza again. The staff were very friendly and the restuarant was good.	
Feb 14 2005	Enjoyable stay at the Crowne Plaza	My 2 girlfriends and I stayed here for 2 nights and were very pleased. The staff was friendly and polite. The hotel was small, but nicely decorated. We got this room for $135 on Priceline and they treated us well. The new bedding was extremely comfortable and pretty. We had 2 full size pillowtop beds with down comforters with duvet covers, soft sheets and feather pillows. Extra $30 night for rollaway bed, but it fit in the adequately sized room. Only 5 min walk to Grand Central, and there are lovely restaurants within walking distance of this hotel. Quiet and away from the hustle and bustle, but close enough to all NYC has to offer. 	
Dec 6 2004	Great place to stay	We stayed there from Dec. 2-5 and were very pleased with the property. Given that this is an older property, it is still in very good condition with obvious upgrades done to the rooms. The room was quite spacious (by NY standards) with a king-size bed and sofa that could open up into a bed if needed. A sleep gift pack of relaxation CD, lavender linen spray, earplugs, and eyeshield were provided for our use. We thought that this was a nice, considerate thing for the hotel to provide to its guests. The staff were all very friendly and courteous, which is a big deal (and sometimes rare) for New York.The bathroom was a little on the cramped side--the bidet was squeezed in between the toilet and the bathtub--but that's a relatively minor detail.It was in close proximity to subway and bus lines so getting around the city was easy. This hotel is located in mid-east Manhattan, approximately 6 blocks or so from Times Square. This is a quieter area of town so we didn't have a problem with hearing people and cars from our hotel room at all hours of the night like when we stayed at a hotel right in Times Square. We really enjoyed the boutique-style of this hotel much more so than the big Sheratons and Hiltons. We would definitely return to this hotel the next time we visit the Big Apple.	
Nov 18 2004	Only two complaints about the Crowne Plaza	#1. We arrived by car and, exhausted, we let them park the car, for $50 + an additional $10 because it was an SUV (a non-Grand Cherokee) = $60 per night. I knew that going in. The next day I moved it to a nearby garage for something more like $32 per night. There are a number of garages a few blocks south.#2. I think the walls (or doors?) are pretty thin. Some guests on our floor were having a party (so it seemed) in their room in the early evening. The noise was loud in the hall from the elevator all the way to our room. Luckily, we were in an end-of-the-hall, corner room (which limited the amount of traffic outside our door) and once inside we could not hear the partiers.Otherwise the room was clean, spacious enough, and very convenient to Grand Central Station. We got this room throught Priceline (around $220 per, I think).	
Sep 28 2004	Otherwise known as the Tudor...	Stayed here at the end of February 2004 - rooms were a bit shabby and most of the decor still appeared to refer to the hotel by its previous name - the Tudor - which given the high impact of the Crowne Plaza and Holiday Inn brand I would have expected to have disappeared from sight.Rooms were OK if a little small (I was not expecting hotel rooms in NYC to be on a par to those in London) - we were given a very small room on arrival but after complaining were moved to a large room on the second day.Staff were fine - never ate at the hotel - there's far too many places nearby to need to do that.Location is excellent - Grand Central is only about 5 or 6 mins walk away - bus stop opposite the hotel and the bellhop will hail you a taxi anyway!	
Aug 31 2004	NOT THE BEST CROWN PLAZZA	The stay there was the not the best. After booking to stay they for the price of 400 bucks Canadian, we expected it to be like all the rest of the crown plazza wow was I surprized. First the beds had hairs in them and were really dirty. Second when you ordered towels they were only give you half of them and you would have to reorder them. The excerise would only let 18 or older into the gym, which was not told. The parking which is about 40 bucks american was the most expensive place around, they even scrached up my car, and would fo nothing about it. Overall this is not the best hotel one could stay at. This crown plazza should be ashamed at itself!	
Aug 4 2004	Perfect	We spent 5 days at the Crowne Plaza in New York, and we had absolutely no problems. The staff were excellent and extremely friendly/helpful at all times.All rooms have LAN access with 1MBps internet access for $14.95 for a 24hr period, lobbies have free WLAN (wireless) which is free of charge anywhere in the lobby. There are also business rooms available where you can use a PC.Each room has a mini bar, safe, fully fitted bathroom, TV/cable and air conditioning (a must).Room access is via a swipe card which is easier to look after in a wallet than a key!Looking forward to going back at the end of the year, it will definately be at the crowne plaza.	
Jun 3 2004	Comfortable small quiet		
Apr 20 2004	Good but no cigar		
Mar 24 2004	A tranquil oasis in the city that new sleeps !		
Feb 21 2004	Nice hotel		
Feb 12 2004	Meets Expectations		
Jan 17 2004	Wonderful experience		
Jan 14 2004	Close to UN a nice little hotel well kept		
Sep 21 2003	You get what you payfor		
Jun 10 2003	Great Rates...Fantastic Service		
May 9 2003	A 100% pleasure		
Oct 23 2009 	Muy bien ubicado		
Oct 17 2009 	Très bien		
Oct 6 2009 	Bella struttura e molto comodo		
Oct 3 2009 	??????????????????		
Sep 18 2009 	Super Hotel		
Jun 10 2009 	Aussicht auf die Klimaanlage		
Jun 6 2009 	es fehlt einzig und allein eine U-Bahn-Station in der Nähe...		
Apr 24 2009 	Ottimo hotel		
Apr 10 2009 	Se torno a new york ci ritorno		
Mar 25 2009	Tolles Hotel 1a Lage		
Mar 9 2009 	Tout simplement génial		
Jan 30 2009 	new yor al tudor così così		
Dec 4 2008	Buona posizione;Buon prezzo		
Sep 24 2008 	bon hotel tres bien placé		
Aug 23 2008	Evitate l'hotel Tudor		
Feb 3 2008 	Schönes Hotel guter Preis		
Dec 17 2007 	Zentral ruhig und komfortabel		
