	I am not sticking my neck out here---great hotel.....lol	Stayed here for 2 nights. Excellent staff,especially the breakfast and wine and cheese staff.Front desk staff very good also. I agree with the Irish girls,Dos Caminos ,is a good restaurant just around the corner.You are in a very good location and can walk everywhere.You cannot go wrong with this hotel,the value of the breakfast and wine and cheese makes up for the extra dollars you spend.	
Nov 25 2009 	A decent place to stay	We stayed in a one bedroom terrace suite on the 10th floor - it was a lovely well equipped room. Others we spoke to on lower floors said that the traffic noise stopped them sleeping - so make sure you go for a high floor.The breakfast was basic but lovely - cereals, fruit, breads.The location was very good, theres a fantastic place to eat right next door.Our room wasn't ready when we got there, we were told to come back at 3. When we did we were told to go up, the cleaner was still there so we had to wait longer - that was my only little grumble. The doorman are very polite and helpful. I would recommend, but i'd probably try somewhere different if i was to return to NY.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great find!	This will be my destination hotel every time I visit NYC. The Giraffe is intimate, beautifully decorated, friendly. The rooms are well appointed and the free wine and cheese in the evening and breakfast in the morning make this the full package. I only hesitate to tell more people because I want it all for myself	
Nov 24 2009 	My favorite hotel in New York	I loved the Giraffe. We only stayed one night and got some kind of promotional rate on a room, but they upgraded us -- for free -- to suite. The facilities were immaculate, the service was fantastic, and the breakfast was delicious. On the way home, I forgot a poster I bought, and the hotel called me on my cell phone before I could call them. They even Fedexed it to me for free. This is a great hotel.	
Nov 21 2009 	Wonderful stay during a wonderful vacation! New York at its best.	Thank you very much for a suberb stay. Lovely family hotel with few rooms situated in the middle of everything...	
Nov 19 2009 	Unique and Consistently Excellent	I spent four nights at Giraff over a long weekend. I was disappointed that my intended traveling companion had to cancel, so I was prepared to find fault. However, everyone was so helpful and efficient when I arrived that I couldn't find any. My room and amenities were as requested. The balcony was a fun addtion to the ambiance.Nearby Madison Square Park is a little jewel. Go watch the dogs play and you'll have a great day for sure.The breakfast buffet was a wonderful convenience and offered wonderful variety. The wine and cheese party in the evening was a welcome stop on the way in or out.It has some restrictions on amenites such as room service - they get you takeout from a restaurant. So I just went up the block and ate at each of the restaurants they use - the food was excellent. Those who are not used to staying in a boutique or niche hotel might find that disconcerting, bu it is easily mde up by the relaxed atmosphere and personal attention to service. Employees quickly recognize and acknowledge you in all areas. The maid and I had a fun chat on the elevator.The free internet access was a plus and you really feel welcome in the lobby - newspapers and a laptop you can borrow to check your mail.Hotel Giraffe is farther downtown than I have usually stayed, but I would definitely book there again or recommend to any friends.	
Nov 18 2009 	All in all a great find	I am a NYC native, with a lot of my family still residing here. I was bringing my boyfriend for the first time.First, the location is excellent. Especially for us, since my dad only lives 4 blocks away! Second: This hotel is so quiet, which is hard to find in a hotel situated on one of the busiest avenues in the city. We never heard any other guest during our 8 day stay.We loved the roof top terrace, and used it often. The complimentary breakfast was a nice touch, with sufficient options, although we only managed to have it a couple of the days we were there. The wine and cheese reception is also very nice, with a choice of one red, one white, and Prosecco, as well as a variety of cheese and cracker options, finished off with a crudites offering. The staff was accommodating, but never intrusive. Housekeeping did a wonderful job every day, and never interrupted us while we were still in our room. The only minor complaint we had was the trouble with the keys and getting into our room. 90% of the time, it would take several, sometimes up to 15 swipes to get into our room. But, as I said it is a very minor complaint. Also, we would have appreciated a little more water pressure! All in all, it is a gem of a hotel in a great location. We can't wait to return!	
Nov 18 2009 	Pleasant surprise in the land of money grabbers!	The hotel was a bargain in a great section (lower Park, near Little India). The staff were very pleasant, the room smaller but fresh and very clean, the evening get-together more akin to a B and B than a Manhattan hotel, and breakfast was satisfactory. Parking was $34 or so a day, a bargain for Manhattan. Nice area to walk, too. This place was a find!	
Nov 16 2009 	A gem!	What is there not to like about the Hotel Giraffe?The location is very convenient and in a great area of the city. We enjoyed the hotel's evening wine and cheese social. They even had someone playing the beautiful black grand piano in the elegant lobby. Our breakfast was pleasant every morning. They offered assorted cereals, fresh fruit, eggs, pastries, yogurt, bagels with cream cheese and peanut butter and juices. The morning hostess would prepare our coffee as ordered and got our mornings off to a great start. The lobby had four different stacks of newspapers to read there or take up to your room.Our room had a Juliet balcony that we loved standing out on and watching the sights. We had a great view of the start of the Veteran's Day Parade. The room was spotlessly clean every day and freshened in the evening.The staff was eager to help with restaurants, sights and directions. We took advantage of their help and knowledge of the city. This was the most pleasant boutique-styled hotel we have had the pleasure of visiting.	
Nov 16 2009 	excellent stay	On Park Ave, and 26th St., the hotel is in a very convenient location. Upon arrival, we were upgraded to a junior suite due to availability, at virtually no additional cost. The rooms were nicely decorated, calm, with a touch of high tech; nice LCD TV in the living area and wireless computer access. The room was comfortable, with a very small balcony overlooking Park Ave. (great view). The bedroom was average size (big for NYC accomodations) and the bathroom was nicely done with large space available for toiletries. The hotel looks like it has had some refreshing, and it left a favorable impression.Complimentary contintnetal style breakfast in the main lounge was great way to start the day, and the evening wine and cheese bar there was a very nice, and welcome, touch. Price was excellent for the location and time of year; total charges were under $300 per night.I will be a return visitor.	
Nov 13 2009 	A Great Find	After hours scrutinising all hotel reviews, we finally decided on Hotel Giraffe for our first visit to New York and we were not disappointed. The location is great, handy for Empire State Building, Macys etc. Staff were great, lovely breakfast, good choice of croissants, bagels etc. Cheese and wine is a bonus if you manage back in time for it. Would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to NYC. Hope to return to this hotel on my next visit.	
Nov 8 2009 	We always stay at the Giraffe	The Giraffe is well located--quiet area, shops and restaurants within easy walking distance--but quiet in comparison with the up town hub-bub. The accomodations are pleasant and the staff always accomodating. We feel welcomed there.	
Nov 6 2009 	Comfy hotel in an easy location	I'm so happy that I chose this hotel for my 5 night stay in NYC. The location was great for several reasons:-easy to hail a cab (on Park ave)-close to subway stops-entrance to hotel on 26th is in a calmer area, so entering/exiting building doesn't feel rushed/busy-Gramercy area has lots of good restaurants in easy walking distance-Whether you're going to uptown or downtown, not a long trip/distance due to hotel being well situated.I was looking for a hotel that was quiet enough should I want to sleep late (into the afternoon), and this was a good choice. We were on the 6th floor, happened to be a corner room, and were never disturbed from noise coming from the hall or other rooms. The double pained windows helped keep out a lot of street noise, too, although I did use earplugs 2 nights when there was some early morning construction on the st below. The darkening shades also helped get that extra shut eye.I requested a mini fridge for my stay and did not get charged extra for that, which was very nice. 2 bottles of water are delivered at turn down service, so you always have something to drink. The wifi was great, had no trouble getting a signal or keeping the connection whether I was in the room or downstairs in the lobby/sitting area.I didn't have breakfast, but did stop by for some cheese one night and it was delicious! Laid out nicely and a wide selection of cheese and crackers along with raw veggies and dip.The bathroom had lots of counter space and the complimentary umbrella really helped us out for the rainy weather. (Saw more available downstairs if you need more than 1 per room.) There's also a door to the bedroom, which is helpful if someone is still sleeping and the other is making noise in the other part of room.The only slight negative thing I can think of is that the couch in the room didn't offer much support. There are no arms and the fabric is a bit slippery, so working at your computer as your sitting in that area of the room can be a little uncomfortable after awhile. Had to unplug a lamp or two to get all our chargers plugged in (a cell phone charger and laptop charger for 2 people, so 4 plugs), but that wasn't a problem for us.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great location great breakfast great cheeses great time	Enjoyed out time there, no complaints at all, after all how many hotels like this have wine and cheese gatherings at a piano bar, as well as great bagels in the AM with a paper.	
Nov 5 2009 	HIdden gem in NYC!	I found the Hotel Giraffe quite by accident and had a wonderful time at this elegant property. I cannot complement the staff enough for their great service and attention to every detail. The rooms are spacious, nicely appointed, and updated. We were pleased to find plush robes and complementary water. In the morning there is a complementary continental breakfast available in the lobby, a nice way to start your day. The hotel is a short walk to the subway which proved to be an added bonus for us. After a busy day of shopping and touring the city, we were pleasantly surprised with their evening wine and cheese reception in the lobby. It was a nice way to relax before heading out to dinner. New York truly is the city that never sleeps. When you're ready to sleep, I'd highly recommend the Hotel Giraffe, a hidden gem in a very busy city.	
Nov 4 2009 	Excellent hotel friendly staff would recommend	My wife, daughter and I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for one night in late October. From arrival until departure the staff were friendly and attentive. They were also very considerate to my 11 year old daughter and made us all feel very welcome.The location is convenient being close to the subway and all the sites of NYC are easily accessible. The buffet breakfast was fresh, and the evening wine &amp; cheese selection a nice start to an evening.I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good value, comfortable hotel.	
Nov 4 2009 	A real pleasure to experience	We stayed at the hotel giraffe for 5 nights 27 Oct- 1Nov 2009.The staff were outstanding in providing excellent customer service, nothing was to much trouble and always with a smile.The rooms were immaculately clean and furnished to a very high standard with a lovely balcony, providing an wonderful view.The complimentary breakfast was ample with a very good choice to suite all tastes.Evening cheese and wine served between 5pm - 8pm Monday - Saturday always went down well and again the staff should be complimented for their immaculate service.Location was perfect only 2 mins from the subway.A real treat to stay here and cannot recommend this fantastic hotel highly enoughOur advise - book a room and see for yourself !!	
Nov 4 2009 	Outstanding	From the rooms to the service....top shelf....they do an excellent job here.	
Nov 4 2009 	Nice hotel and superb location!	Hotel Giraffe was found by me through the Trip Advisor's reviews. It is the third time we choose a hotel this way,and like the other times, it was absolutely precise on all descriptions. Hotel Giraffe is very conveniently located in Park Ave ,between Uptown and Downtown, served by 3 subway lines nearby,and the big Union Square subway almost 8 blocks down.The neighbohood is amazing ,and full of excellent restaurants (Voce ,at 26th st,Gramercy Tavern, at 20th St,, Union Square Cafe,at 18th St.) .The room is very nice and full of amenities. Breakfast is included ,and also very nice (only misses a cheese and ham offer) ,as well as a cheese and wine/champagne selection at the lobby, from 5 to 8 pm, which is a very convenient snack for those who have theatre or concert at 8pm,which is the average time.The girls attendants at the breakfast/wine and cheese are also SO NICE and friendly,as well as the rest of the staff !We will definitely stay at Hotel Giraffe by next time in NYC!	
Nov 2 2009 	What a nice hotel!	We enjoyed our trip at hotel Giraffe. The hotel staff was very kindly. We were in the &quot;terrace one bedroom suite&quot;.Only one negative point: there was no hot water during one morning in the week we spent.We'll come back to this hotel as soon as possible.	
Nov 1 2009 	Exceeded our expectations	We discovered Hotel Giraffe on Trip Advisor and were very pleased with everything about our recent stay there. We will definitely stay again and highly recommend it to those who are looking for a hotel that is trendy yet quiet with an appropriate atmosphere for families.The complimentary continental breakfast is wonderful and the lobby is a very pleasant place in which to enjoy a leisurely meal. Other meals were available through the hotel's association with two adjacent restaurants. The rooms are a good size, most with small balconies, and very well appointed. All in all, the Hotel Giraffe is the best value we have found in New York.	
Oct 29 2009 	Loved the Giraffe.	My husband and I really enjoyed our time at the Hotel Giraffe. We were very pleased with our room (although strangely, there was no bedcover on the bed - just sheets and a folded blanket at the foot of the bed - and one of the sheets was quite badly torn. This was changed, but a little odd for such a lovely hotel). The location was great (close to subway, restaurants and some lovely walks), the staff were very helpful, everything was spotlessly clean and I loved having a small balcony to step out onto in the mornings and evenings. The continental breakfast was more than adequate to keep us going through till lunchtime and the evening wine and cheese was lovely. We actually looked forward to that time of the day when we could relax with a glass of wine listening to the pianist before going out for dinner. It was terrific to have coffee/tea/hot chocolate as well as cookies and fruit available in the lobby all day for guests. We would have taken advantage of the rooftop terrace, but it was raining and a bit cold when we were there. We will certainly stay at this hotel if we are fortunate enough to return to New York City.	
Oct 28 2009 	When can we go back!!?	Visiting on our 25th Anniversary and our first long haul flight we were made to feel very welcome by the staff.We had requested a special welcome of &quot;Romantic Rendezvous&quot; – Rose petals, chocolate strawberries and champagne – and it was perfect…..better than Giraffes pictures…. see ours.The room with balcony was to a very high standard, spotlessly clean and very comfortable. Breakfast, buffet style was tasty, plentiful and beautifully presented in a very nice, relaxing setting. In the evening before going out for a meal we really enjoyed the complimentary cheese and wine. The location was good with the subway and some nice restaurants within easy walking distance. We comfortably walked to the Empire State building – 10 Mins – and Grand Central Station. Just around the corner was the beautiful Madison Square Park and Flat Iron building – all best seen at night with views of the Empire State Building.The staff were simply excellent. There to help but not in your face. Greeted warmly at breakfast and throughout the day they were happy to undertake tasks such as confirming bookings and calling cabs. They were all extremely professional and to a clear and consistent standard without losing the personal touch. They as much as the hotel made our stay so enjoyable. We loved the hotel and really our only disappointment would be the Rooftop Garden which was understandably closed for the season.Having read our review and looked again at the website we feel it does what it says. Well done Giraffe and thank you. We would not think of staying anywhere else in New York.	
Oct 28 2009 	fantastic	We had a wonderful time and enjoyed the hotel very much. By New York standards, the room was quite spacious, and very clean. The breakfast and wine and cheese exceeded our expectations. The staff was always friendly and very helpful.	
Oct 28 2009 	THe Giraffe	When in New York we ALWAYS stay at the Giraffe. The location is ideal, situated with access to the 6 train and 1 train and within easy walking distance to major tourist destinations; shopping, museums, theater, restaurants and parks.The Giraffe is very hospitable. The saff makes you feel welcome. The rooms are big and roomy with a large bathroom and closet. The balconey adds some outdoor space and makes the room feel even larger. The bed and linens are clean and confortable. Towels are fluffy. The evening cocktail reception is always nice. It allows a short break between day and night. You can sit and relax in the comfortable and catch your breath to get ready for the night. Always something to do in NYC.So , from check in to check out the Giraffe will always make a visit for any reason to NYC more enjoyable.	
Oct 26 2009 	The Giraffe is an outstanding midtown gem.	My partner and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay in this wonderful boutique property. The room was very well appointed and comfortable. In addition, the staff was A+, always available and helpful, but never in the way. Key amenities -- high speed internet, continental breakfast, and evening wine and cheese -- were all included in the daily rate. With the midtown location there was a lot going on nearby and uptown and downtown were easily accessible.	
Oct 24 2009 	Friendly Staff Great Location Superb Hotel	From arrival to departure the Hotel Giraffe was the right choice for us. All staff were superb, professional and friendly. Jose warmly welcomed us and helped us on our way every day. Laura was bright, chatty and a delight to talk to. The Hotel is spotless and was great wake up in and go back to at night. The morning started with the free continental breakfast, which we had every day. The cheese and wine was a relaxing start to the evening, but we only managed twice due to our busy schedule. Both are in the lobby of the hotel which, as a number of reviewers have mentioned, is not large, but we never had a problem getting a table. The Giraffe is in a superb location, close to the Flatiron Building and Madison Square Park. There are plenty of good eateries around to suit all pockets. All areas from the lower half of Central Park to Battery Park are walkable but we tended to either get the subway (at 23rd or 28th) or a taxi to where we wanted to go and then walked back or vice versa. The area is very safe and we felt comfortable walking about at night. We stayed 5 nights (Wednesday to Monday) in a deluxe double room on the 10th floor. There is of course a certain level of street noise but it is not even remotely intrusive and we slept soundly every night. The room was a relatively average size, and was fine for us and our teenage daughter. Very well appointed with balcony, great aircon, soft robes, toiletries, cable, DVD &amp; CD players (the hotel also has a library of music and film for you to choose from), ipod dock (though it didn't charge my itouch). Turndown service at night with bottled water and little chocolates were a nice touch.We went to New York to experience the city and this Hotel helped us do that to the full. We will stay at the Giraffe again and would highly recommend it.	
Oct 24 2009 	Just what we wanted.	Very nice hotel. The cheese and wine evenings are very relaxing after a day walking around New York. Helpful and friendly staff and classy decor. The little things make this hotel stand out such as free Wi Fi and access to computer in Lobby when other hotels charge for these sort of amenities. Only down side, no bar on side (at least when we stayed) but plenty of good ones in the vicinity. Near to subway for easy access to New York. Highly recommended.	
Oct 23 2009 	Excellent experience!	We really enjoyed this boutique hotel. We have stayed in several hotels in NYC and found this to be one of the best. Very cordial staff - rooms kept sparkling clean each day. We left a few notes for housekeeping for extra pillows and towels and they never failed to meet our requests. Location is key to many great restaurants and the Union Square farmer's market on Wednesday, Friday and Saturdays. Passes to nearby gym were a plus! We will return!	
Oct 21 2009 	Excellent service great vibe	We stayed at the Giraffe for a set of meetings in early October and really enjoyed it, great well trained staff and the use of the lobby for evening wine tasting and snacks was very impressive, rooms were adaquate but the staff are the added value here. Would certainly stay again.	
Oct 19 2009 	We love the Hotel Giraffe	Our favorite hotels are always small, boutique hotels that offer friendly service. We have been staying at Hotel Giraffe for the four years our daughter has attended the School of Visual Arts nearby. We enjoy the breakfast offered every morning and the wine and cheeese offered most evenings. Plus, the staff is wonderful, and the rooms are lovely.	
Oct 18 2009 	We highly recommend Hotel Giraffe!	The location, the ambiance, the complimentary breakfast , the complimentary &quot;Happy Hour&quot;, the suite, the service, the friendliness, the willingness to be of help - all added to our all- to-short stay. Was the Roof Top Terrace open? We were not told to check it out. I hope next time we will, because there will be a next time!	
Oct 18 2009 	Great place to stay - loved every minute of it	My fiancé and I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe (which is very close to the Flatiron Building, and very well situated in a safe neighbourhood) for a few days while staying in New York. I had booked this hotel because of the good reviews and we weren't disappointed. We enjoyed every minute of our stay. The room we had (5th floor) was quiet, even though it looked out on a busy street. The bed was very comfortable, with warm blankets and a lovely turndown service including little chocolates every evening. We had ordered the amenity &quot;milk and cookie&quot; service, which was great - we had our littel night time snack of fresh milk and lovely cookies every night. The bathroom was very big for a downtown hotel, with lovely soap, hair shampoo and conditioner, the most comfortable bathrobes as well as slippers. There was lots of light, a huge mirror and a make-up mirror as well. We had a mini bar, we had two bottles of water upon arrival and we really felt very much at home. We could choose the room temperature, and all in all I couldn't have had a better sleep after a busy day sight seeing. Breakfast was also very nice, the only downside was that it was in the lobby and sometimes was rather full, but it was never a problem. We had toast, there were various baked goodies, as well as coffee, juices, milk etc. We particularly liked the attentive lady who gave us our coffee and toast every morning. After three days she only had to see that we were coming and the toast was on the table. We could also leave our stuff there for a while after we had checked out, before going out to the airport. Also, there was a laptop in the lobby that was free for use - I didn't see a printer, though I didn't need one, so I wouldn't know if you could call that a business centre - but the laptop with the internet was great. I would go there again. Will recommend it to anyone I know, it made our New York experience even better than we thought it would be. So thank you.	
Oct 15 2009 	A special hotel in NYC	We've stayed many times at the Hotel Giraffe as our son graduated from NYU a few years ago and has now settled in Williamsburg. We feel the hotel service is excellent and whenever a request is made, there is usually no delay in a response. The continental breakfast is terrific, as well as the service provided by the woman who prepares it. We love the wine and cheese hour as it's nice to sit and relax before heading out on the town. The past few times we stayed we've received a bottle of wine or Prosecco upon our arrival. In the spring and summer the rooftop lounge is very popular. We recognized the room and outside area filmed for the SATC movie...that was fun! The Giraffe is in a great area near Union Square and the Blue Water Grill, a favorite of ours, not to mention Dos Caminos next door. As long as we're planning trips to the city, we'll be staying at the Hotel Giraffe.	
Oct 15 2009 	Oasis in the Manhattan Hotel desert	It is always a pleasure to stay here and enjoy the complementary breakfast with real (!) espresso and the evening snacks&amp;drinks offered by the house.The rooms are nice and bright with windows that let in light as well not just noise from the street. Even the lamps fill their purpose and are not primarily unpractical decoration as in most US (designer) hotels. Service is friendly and personal as one should expect in a small hotel. The noise from the street can be a bit disturbing at night but the top location next to subway and shopping &amp; gourmet district is worth it.So all in-all it stands out from the crowd - like a real Giraffe...	
Oct 14 2009 	Hotel Giraffe is a great find near Union Square	We booked about 2 months in advance. I looked online at their website and then called and spoke to reservations to help decide what room to request. When we arrived we were told that we had been upgraded to a suite which was great. I didn't see the regular rooms but I will really happy with the suite. They offer a buffet breakfast every morning and wine and cheese every night but Sunday. They both were great.They have a very nice lobby in which to sit and eat.	
Oct 14 2009 	Exceptional accommodation and service	The Hotel Giraffe was amazing. We were in NY for 5 days and the Hotel was exceptional. The staff was friendly and courteous. They organized travel to events, directions to subways, restaurants, etc, took care of our luggage, and arranged transportation.The breakfast was excellent with a selection of fresh bagels and pastries, fresh fruit, coffee, lattes, eggs, cereal, and juice. The staff responsible for the breakfast were very helpful and friendly, ensuring that the lobby was clean and the food was well stocked. The appetizers were great with wine (red and white) and a selection of vegetables, crackers. olives, cheese, etc. A pianist performed from 5-8 each evening and the atmosphere was comfortable and relaxing.The rooms were spacious, clean and had all the necessary amenities.We would definately stay at this hotel again. LOVED IT!	
Oct 13 2009 	Must stay Boutique Hotel in Manhattan	Second stay at this small, quiet, friendly, boutique hotel-my excellent impression on my first stay was no fluke. Arrived early (11:00am) on Sunday for anniversary prior to brunch reservation at Mesa Grill, checked bags, walked to restaurant and returned with room keys waiting and luggage in room. After dinner, returned to find complimentary bottle of Prosecca in room to celebrate anniversary. Great complimentary breakfast daily and evening wine (including Prosecca) and cheese daily except Sunday in lobby. Access to rooftop garden on 12th floor. Ask for a deluxe guestroom on the 12th floor. Quiet and reasonable location on Park Ave. close to 5th Ave. shopping, Madison Square Park, and Flatiron district (refreshing walk or short cab to Grand Central Station and Times Square). Eating tip-Blue Smoke around the corner on 27th St. is a small bar/restaurant joint (jazz downstairs) with great barbecue that is not going to &quot;break the bank.&quot;	
Oct 12 2009 	Very Pleasant Stay!	We had a very pleasant stay at the Hotel Giraffe. Location perfect for going around town, nice restaurants in the neighbourhood (e.g. Tabla at Madison Sq.Park, or the Mexican restaurant next door). Room was beautiful, big for NY standards, nice king-size bed and nicely decorated, windows can be opened, A/C didn't make too much noise. Also free wifi in the room. Our room was opposite the elevator, but doors are &quot;soundproof&quot;, didn't hear a thing. Complimentary breakfast was very good, nice coffee! Only thing about the breakfast: there are not many tables, and because it is so nice to sit there with a newspaper or your laptop, people tend to have breakfast longer than usual, you have to find the right time to go down... They serve wine and a small thing to eat during weekdays around 5 p.m., very nice when you come back from work or shopping/sightseeing! Employees were all very friendly and relaxed. Hope to come back next time when in NY!	
Oct 12 2009 	Great hotel in New York!	This was probably one of the best places I have stayed in New York. Great size rooms for the city, ideal location and great rates. I loved the breakfast in the morning and the wine receptions seemed to be a hit. Everyone was friendly and I would stay there again next trip.	
Oct 11 2009 	Excellent experience!	I stayed at Hotel Giraffe with my parents during Easter Holidays. We chose this hotel thanks to Tripadvisor's reviews. Staff was very kind, our room was spacious enough for three, very clean and comfortable. We had the Superior One Bedroom Suite, one of the best rooms with view on Park Av. South. There was one bedroom, a full size sleeper sofa and a wide bathroom. Breakfast was very good but the little things that made us appreciate our stay were the free internet connection, the free aperitif every evening with a live piano player, the lady who brought us chocolates every night at our room... Furthermore on the last days the hotel had issues with water and they refunded us with 50$ for this inconvenient. I recommend it for everyone!	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Hotel Bad Management Policies	Look out for the small print associated with the lowest &quot;pre-paid&quot; rate....make sure your plans are fully baked or you won't get your money back. I used to like this hotel but the management is making it hard for me to continue to do so. My assistant made a reservation for me but my plans changed at the last minute and I ended up having to cancel but found out that I couldn't! This is because she selected the lowest rate on the screen offered and it turned out to be a &quot;non-refundable&quot; rate. I called and spoke with the hotel manager who responded that despite an innocent mistake by my assistant (who does not understand these things well) they would be unable to cancel the reservation and make a refund. I also explained that I am a small business owner and avoidable expenses like this are very painful to a start-up.  I have been a fan of this hotel since the opening and stayed there at least 3-4 times and would love to choose it every time I am in NY. My recent experience with the management however leads me to hesitate - they seem to be more concerned about their refund policy than keeping good customers coming back.	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent hotel	Very friendly staff and atmosphere with free breakfast and wine in the evening in the lobby.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Place - Friendly Clean and	Very nice place to stay - friendly, easy access to many things, and comfortable. The only thing I could say that would be negative is the cost of the room.....as I was checking in, people who walked in off of the street got a cheaper rate than I received, having made a reservation in advance. I don't think that customers should have to haggle the price. If there is a less expensive offering, it should be made available to all. Thanks again for a great stay, and I would definitely stay again, and recommend it to friends and colleagues.	
Oct 6 2009 	Small but stlyish and extremely friendly hotel	I really enjoyed our stay here. Park Ave is rather noisy, so don't expect complete silence in your room. Subway stop is near (but only local 6 trains stop there). No restaurant, but I can highly recommend the mexican restaurant next to the hotel (very stylish, excellent value). The staff has been incredibly helpful and friendly. The breakfast is pretty OK. Will stay here again for sure.	
Oct 6 2009 	Happy australian	good location, friendly staff, free happy hour - what's not to likelovely roof garden	
Oct 6 2009 	Great stay at Hotel Giraffe.	Lovely hotel. We found the location great as being right in the centre you could get to both down and up town easily. Our room was huge, clean and had everything we needed (we stayed in a king room). The staff were always friendly and helpful, and on our first evening a bottle of wine was delivered to our room as it was my birthday. The complimentary breakfast was delicious, as was the cheese and wine reception. I cannot actually think of any negatives!	
Oct 6 2009 	Attention to all details	We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for two weekend nights. It was outstanding in all ways. Our room was a good size, with very nice furnishings and amenities. Our small balcony looked out on Park Avenue, but the room was very quiet with the doors closed. The continental breakfast was very good and the evening wine and cheese reception was lavish. The staff is friendly and attentive. We like the location, which is not as hectic as many hotels, but still convenient to most things. One of the best hotels we've ever stayed in - and we stay in a lot of them!	
Oct 5 2009 	I really enjoyed my stay	I just stayed at Hotel Giraffe for the second time and I really enjoyed my stay on both occasions. The staff is friendly and always helpful. The location is great and it is always clean. My daughter lives in New York and I visit every few months and i will continue to stay at The Hotel Giraffe.	
Oct 3 2009 	Good atmosphere central location	The hotel was recommended to us by a friend. We were very satisfied. Giraffe has character and friendly and helpful staff. In the evenings wine and cheese was served in the lobby. The only problem was the loud noise from the street, especially early in the morning if window was kept open.	
Oct 1 2009 	Would go back	This is a great Midtown Manhattan hotel. It's basically rooms and a lobby. But the lobby is very pleasant and the Cheese and Wine every evening a nice touch. You can order food in you room from local restaurants but hey - in Manhattan why would you want to eat in? The staff cannot be more helpful. I only deduct one star because of the Tribeca Limos farce which is nothing to do with the Hotel (although arranged through them). I would definitely use the Hotel Giraffe again if nothing else to re-read the book in the room called Tall Blondes - about Giraffes!	
Sep 30 2009 	Wonderful hotel - we loved the Hotel Giraffe!	This is a lovely place to stay and a very convenient location. The service was excellent - everyone on the staff was friendly and eager to help in any way they could. The breakfast was fresh and delicious, and we really appreciated that it was available until 10:30 am. The wine, cheese and fresh veggies served in the evening was a welcome treat after our frenzied days in the city. The lounge where the breakfast and happy hour are served is elegant and comfortable - we enjoyed watching the activity on Park Ave. from this peaceful spot. A computer is set up in the lounge for free internet use. Our room was small, but we expect that in NY. It was spotless and quiet, with plenty of horizontal space to hold all the toiletries and various things my husband and I always seem to bring with us. We appreciated the free bottled water provided in the room, though we had to request it after the first day. The only negative was the bed. It wasn't horrible, but it fell below what you would expect in a 4 star hotel. I honestly felt the coils of the mattress - though the linens are excellent and we did end up getting used to the bed after the first night. Despite this, we would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 29 2009 	Great hotel great location excellent value	Stylish, discreet hotel in central location. Spacious room, tastefully decorated, with a balcony overlooking Park Avenue. Got an excellent 'early bird discount' by booking 30+ days in advance. Would certainly stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 28 2009 	Third year in a row - just wonderful	Again this year our stay was super. Easy check in and love the breakfast and evening wine. We have stayed in a variety of rooms and they are wonderful. You cannot beat the Juliet balcony. We hope to return next year as well.	
Sep 28 2009 	First stay at Hotel Giraffe - will not be the last!	We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for two nights last week to celebrate my 50th birthday. The Giraffe is wonderful: great location, lovely rooms, weather was perfect for the rooftop bar, breakfast/appetizers were a great value and the staff was exceptional. This will be our destination for all future NYC visits!	
Sep 25 2009 	Wonderful hotel exceeded my expectations!	We decided to celebrate our Silver Wedding Anniversary in New York. I was just about to book the Hilton when my husband stopped me, he had just found a review of Hotel Giraffe. As it was a special trip we booked the Terraced Suite. We had a great flight and arrived full of excitement and a little trepidation, you know what it's like, you want something to be good and you can be a little disappointed. Not a bit of it, this place exceeded our expectations. The hotel is in a great location, literally a short stroll to the lovely Madison Park which is worth a visit - check out the live music on Saturday nights. We wanted to do as much by foot as possible and we found we could. But if you get tired there is a subway round the corner from the hotel.But what about the hotel itself? Our terraced suite was beautifully appointed, roomy and with lots of wardrobe space. The view from the 9th floor was great and we heard no traffic. The Roof Terrace is wonderful, a beautifully calm space.The breakfast was lovely. Everything was well stocked and fresh. I have to give a special mention to the staff who worked at breakfast and in the evening. They were so nice, always greeting you with a smile and nothing was any trouble. The cheese and wine is really good.I really loved this place. It has all the touches you expect of a good hotel, but none of the corporate stuff you tend to get in big chains. On our first night we were delighted to receive an anniversary card and complimentary wine.All I have to do now is save up for another trip, and it will be back to this hotel. Loved it. Great staff, great location and fabulous room.	
Sep 23 2009 	Luxury convenience and helpful staff.	We enjoyed the Giraffe for its location, for its comfortable, spacious, well-equipped rooms, convenient grab-it-and-go breakfast, and helpful staff.Our bedroom on the 10th floor was pretty quiet - especially for Manhattan. - and larger than we'd expected.We liked the free internet access from the hotel's laptop in the foyer, enabling us to print our flight boarding passes easily.Overall, a very pleasant stay at an unpretentious but classy hotel.	
Sep 21 2009 	I loved everything about the hotel!!! I'll be back for my next trip.	I am recommending this boutique hotel to all my friends	
Sep 20 2009 	Excellent location!	We stayed at Hotel Giraffe for 4 nights in September 2009. Location of the hotel is excellent, walking distance from many attractions and many nice restaurants in neighborhood. Breakfast was of good quality and the breakfast room was peaceful and cozy. Helpful and nice personnel, service was fast whenever needed. Rooms were quite small but nice, I especially appreciated bathrobes and iron and iron board in the room. Only minus is the sound isolation. As we stayed on the third floor, you could hear the traffic sounds during the night. Luckily the area is really tranquil, so we did not have any problems with sleep.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great location friendly service	We had a wonderful stay at Hotel Giraffe. We stayed in the King suite and it met all our expectations. The rooms were big (for NYC) and always clean. The staff was friendly and unobtrusive. The nightly receptions were well-stocked and much better than I've encountered at other hotels. The morning breakfast was also well-stocked and low-key. Plenty of papers and spots for everyone.The location is great, it's about 15 minutes by cab to Broadway and Time's Square. You can walk to the Flatiron Building and Madison Square Park. A one block walk allows you great views of the Chrysler Building and the Empire State Building and if you fancy a longer walk, you could go there as well.Also walking distance to the Gramercy Tavern if you want a swanky night out and possible celebrity sighting as well as the dependable Les Halles for steak frites.It's fair money for what you get and you can get good prepaid packages on the web site. I definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Sep 16 2009 	Whenever we are in New York Hotel Giraffe is out first stop	After researching online forever, we decided on Hotel Giraffe. Complimentary breakfast was excellent. Great bang for your buck.	
Sep 15 2009 	So comfortable and accomodating in a lovely part of NY!	We enjoyed a lovely weekend at the Hotel Giraffe. It's convenient to many nice places to eat, the room was very comfortable, the staff so accomodating and the amenities in the lobby and the terrace were wonderful. We will definitely return.	
Sep 15 2009 	Hidden Gem in NY	Having stayed at numerous hotels in NY I can truly say this is the best value ever. Rooms are spacious with big bathrooms and balconies, and the service is impeccable - best in NY. the complimentary breakfast is great - exactly what we needed (healthy and good choice), the complimentary water in rooms, as well as coffee and tea throughout the day in the lobby adds to the very positive impression of this hotel. If you plan to spend time both up-, mid- and downtown, the location is absolutely great; I usually stay downtown, but found this location to be great - 7 minutes walk from Union Square and close to everything. This hotel comes highly recommended and I hope to return very soon	
Sep 14 2009 	Very much in our comfort zone	Well located in quieter part of Manhattan, easy walk to superb restaurants at all levels of cuisine, access to an excellent health club facility, good subway access.	
Sep 10 2009 	2nd stay and still loving it	Love the spaciousness of the room...hey, it's New York and this room is big!Staff is friendly and helpful. Free breakfast is a plus. Location is unbeatable.Stayed here last year, and came right back this year without checking for otheroptions.	
Sep 9 2009 	Worth every dime !	Excellent staff and location, clean, silence and roomy rooms.	
Sep 8 2009 	A Quiet Haven from the Excitement	I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for 2 nights recently with two of my family members while in town for the US Open. We couldn't have asked for anything more from the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff to the free breakfast to its convenient midtown location. The rooms are large (by any big city standard) and plush and ours even had a balcony. The reviews for this hotel are not exaggerated, it's a gem in New York.	
Sep 5 2009 	3* basic hotel in no way 'boutique'.	Fine if you are looking for a good clean hotel with basic amenities. Terrible if you are expecting a boutique hotel with chic rooms, nice bathroom and designed public spaces.My only truck with this hotel is that it is mis-represented. Breakfast in the small lobby area a 'bar' that is pitifully small, rooms that are ill-maintained, bathrooms that make it feel like your typical 3* hotel, decor that is poorly designed, tv slapped on the furniture not even fixed to the wall, box of tissues in cardboard retail box slapped in bathroom. no space has been used for any sort of guest lounge, proper breakfast room etc etc.. Makeover of this 3* hotel shamefully weak, low quality exudes with pathetic attempts here and there to make it slightly boutique, a bit of bed linen a curtain here and there. In short a complete rip-off. Shame, as a 3* hotel it would have received 5*.	
Sep 3 2009 	Excellent value boutique hotel	This is one of the best value hotels we have stayed in in New York. The rooms are smallish (though no more so than elsewhere in Manhattan), but this is offset by so many little touches that make this place stand out: complimentary bottled water is left in the room each night; complimentary wine and cheese every night in the lobby; complimentary tea, coffee, and filtered water is always available in the lobby together with a selection of newspapers (and little surprises like a tray of marshmallows when we came back on Tuesday night); complimentary tickets are available to the local NYSC gym (you can even go along to their studio classes). The service is also smart and attentive (noticeably better on this trip than on our previous stay, two years ago, when it was bit more casual).	
Sep 1 2009 	Warm friendly atmosphere and the rooms are comfortable.	I just completed my third stay at The Hotel Giraffe, and each time I have been delighted with the service, amenities and the room. The atmosphere is relaxing, the staff are helpful, a nice place to return to after the hectic streets of New York city. This is the only hotel I would stay at during a visit to New York.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good Product	Stayed, unfortunately only one night, at the end of August for a party for my wife's friend. The hotel was very clean, all the staff were excellent, not too far a walk to get to touristy places, quiet streets, breakfast was very good, wine and cheese was a nice break before getting ready for our party. Will definitely stay again when visiting NYC.	
Aug 26 2009 	a fantastic place to stay!	We stayed for 4 nights, and were not disappointed. It is a very comfortable, relaxed hotel, with a lovely lobby, with coffee and tea available throughout the day. The breakfast and evening cheese and wine also made the hotel a great deal. The internet access was very useful. We found the staff very helpful. Our room was clean and lovely, with with all the mod cons, and a nice en suite. Be aware that they will authorise a charge on your credit card during your stay, and we were not informed of this.	
Aug 24 2009 	relaxing getaway	Hotel Giraffe is delightful. The staff is very helpful and personable. Somehow, everyone knew us by name -- the front desk staff, the doormen, etc. The room was very comfortable. The breakfast is outstanding -- delicious food and great service. Ditto for the evening wine and cheese reception. It is also very nice to have water, fruit and coffee available all day in the lobby. A nice touch. The complimentary passes to New York Sports Club around the corner are a great thing. And the free internet access throughout the hotel is very convenient. Between the breakfast, evening snack, free gym passes and free internet, staying here is a great deal. The location at 26th and Park is also very convenient to everything.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great location fantastic service!	My wife an I took a brief jaunt to NYC prior to a party out on Long Island. We planned to walk around the city a while and see a few different areas. We were able to check in at exactly 3pm, and were in our room within minutes. We had an 8th floor room overlooking 26th Street East. The room was very clean and had everything we could have asked for. The hotel's location allowed us to take a nice walk down to the Village and Soho, before coming back to relax before drinks later at night. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the shades kept out the sunlight the next morning. They even held our bags after we checked out while we did some more exploring.Great stay!	
Aug 24 2009 	Fantastic stay!	My mother and I stayed here for three nights. It was just wonderful. The rooms are large, clean and comfortable. The service was very good - helpful front desk and doormen. Breakfast is nice and the rooftop bar is lovely.	
Aug 18 2009 	Elegant property with a great location near Gramercy....	My wife and I decided to make a last minute trip to NYC last February for Valentines Day. We had stayed at the Hotel Giraffe several years earlier and decided to try it again. We were not disappointed. A bottle of red wine was waiting in our room welcoming us back. The continental breakfast (included in your room rate) was delicious as was the nightly wine and snacks (from 5:00-8:00 pm and also included in the room rate). This hotel is in a great location close to lots of wonderful restaurants, stores, and other sights. My only criticism is the wine is not offered on Sundays. But other than that, rest assured this is a wonderful hotel that will do its best to make your stay comfortable and special. Look forward to returning.	
Aug 18 2009 	Nice...but...I was disappointed.	I have stayed in many NYC hotels and this one was just average...not what I expected after reading the reviews. The bed was horrible! My daughter slept on the fold out...it was more comfortable than the king bed! (We also overheard other people complaining about the beds!!)When we asked the staff for restaurant recommendations in the Village...they suggested we google!! When we asked for directions.... the front desk person was not familar with the area. Again..we googled...thank goodness for the community computer in the lobby! The roof top bar was very small, not very comfortable, very limited view, and very expensive...even by NYC standards. Breakfast was nice...but crowded...hard to find a table on several mornings.	
Aug 15 2009 	Fantastic time at the Hotel Giraffe!	We spent 7 days in New York City and really wanted a nice, calm, well located place to stay. We were VERY happy with the hotel. Friendly and professional staff, clean and spacious rooms, lovely wine and cheese evenings, great breakfasts and the room was extremely quiet which is a change from most hotels. It made our trip to New York absolutely perfect! We strongly recommend the place!	
Aug 10 2009 	TWO Thumbs Up!!!	The Hotel Giraffe is a NYC gem. We booked the Suite Dreams package that included accommodations in the one-bedroom terrace suite. Our terrace looked out onto Park Ave - outstanding views. All of our 'special enhancements' (Romantic Rendezvous/Suite Dream package) were delivered right on time as requested. We thoroughy enjoyed the chocolate covered strawberries and champagne after a hard day of shopping on 5th Avenue. The rooftop terrace is a great place to sit and chat in the evening - good music and a great atmosphere. After the last call on Friday night, the bartender gave everyone a complimentary raspberry liqueur shot - nice touch. The complimentary Wine and Cheese served from 5-8pm is a great touch - we were impressed with the wide-ranging cheese selections. The staff was extremely friendly, and our room as well of the rest of the hotel was immaculate. Did I mention the great location? My search for the perfect NYC hotel is over... We'll definitely be returning to the Hotel Giraffe.	
Aug 9 2009 	Excellent!	Amazing loccation, friendly staff. Great price. I felt like we should have paid a lot more for what we got. We will always stay there while visiting NYC.	
Aug 3 2009 	A small gem devoted to providing excellent service in the heart of Manhattan	My husband and I have stayed at the Hotel Giraffe several times over the past 3 years and we have always had an excellent experience. The staff is very professional, friendly and go out of their way to provide the guests with a wonderful experience. The rooms are lovely, ample square footage (large by NYC standards), quiet and always very clean and well cared for. The lobby area is very comfortable and the little extras provided at no extra cost are rare in big city hotels. The staff is consistent, and while there has been some turnover in the past 3 years many of the same staff members we met in 2006 are still working there. The hotel is one that many travellers will want to return to once they try it. A bonus is the proximity to many fine restaurants, Madison Square Park and famous landmarks. It's a great place.	
Aug 2 2009 	great value for executive european high end hotel experience	king bed , balcony, rooftop bar, free breakfast and cocktail hour, lovely attentive staff, modern, roomy, great park ave location--all for around 300 a night--makes this a favorite.	
Aug 1 2009 	Perfect Stay with a great staff in a wonderful city !	We stayed at the hotel during our first time visit to NYC and we loved every minute! The room size was good especially for NYC. Great breakfast buffet and evening reception.. Free internet service, robe to use while in room (with wonderful slippers!!!) and turn down service with chocolates is a nice little extra. The park ave location is perfect in being close to the village, but just outside of the crowds and hustle.The staff was friendly and courteous from the moment we arrived until we left. The evening reception was relaxed and comfortable, making a great place visit with friends and to un-wind after a long day in the city.The hotel and the room we had was very and neat and clean, and overall even though hotel Giraffe is on the small side it makes up for size by being very quaint, warm and inviting making us feel like we have a second home in the NYC. Something the larger hotels can never match.We highly recommend and are planning to stay there again	
Jul 29 2009 	Nothing bad to say about this hotel	Stayed one night at the Giraffe in July after finding a very good rate online for under $200/night. This was my first night back in the US after many months overseas and I was hoping for a decent experience at the hotel...and I'm happy to say the Giraffe met all expectations. Seriously...what's not to love about this place. Great rooms with balconies over Park Ave, free breakfast, free Wi Fi, free evening wine reception with yummy cheeses. The location is great and the staff was very friends. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 28 2009 	THE PERFECT CHOICE	We just returned from a four night stay at this hotel. Our hotel of choice had been The Alex, however, we could not get a one bedroom suite this trip, so after carefully reviewing tripadvisor we chose Hotel Giraffe. Upon arrival we immediately felt we had made a wise choice and never changed our minds throughout our stay. The location of the hotel is perfect with a subway station across the street. The rooms were perfectly cleaned. Breakfast each morning and the evening receptions were a special treat since were traveling with a 5 year old . The hotel is very kid friendly, we never felt out of place with our little one. The staff was delightful and very helpful, especially the young ladies serving breakfast and the wine and cheese. We had a wonderful stay and we do plan on staying again.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Hotel	What a lovely place to stay. The bellman were outstanding as was the other service in the hotel. they had a great breakfast: bagels with the fixings, fruit salad, pastries, variety of cereal, had drinks around the clock as well as cookies and at night they had a lovely wine and cheese event. around five wines to choose from and 10+ cheeses. the lobby is very inviting and clean. computer for use as well as chess game. the rooftop was very lovely. the room was nice as well. pretty quiet for nyc hotel. they also give free passes to health club two blocks away. the only drawbacks to the hotel are that the doors to the bathroom have glass in them so not a lot of privacy especially are staying with a friend and sometimes housekeeping knocks even though it said do not disturb. the location is also not the best. 26th and park--so if you mind walking it will be a schlep to most everywhere. but all in all a great place to stay and will return.	
Jul 26 2009 	Terrific small hotel in a great location....	My wife and I recently spent 2 weeks here, chosing it after pretty thorough research on Trip Advsior. We booked via the Hotel website as it seemed to have the best deal we could find. Overall we are glad we did. We decided to splurge a bit and took a suite...the only adverse comment I would make is that if you decide to take a suite, spend a bit more and take a corner suite with views (and hence light) to both 26th St and Park Avenue; the inside suites are very dark in the sitting room and this room also faces a set of office windows about 20 feet across a small light shaft which means you need to keep the blinds down (making it even darker)...a bit disappointing really. Otherwise all the recent reviews on this site are v. accurate...the rooms are a nice size, quiet, and kept spotlessly clean, the bathrooms are a good size esp. for NYC, the morning breakfast is fine, the roof top bar is really neat, great on a balmy summer night, the wine and cheese in the lobby in the early evening is a very nice way to ease weary bodies after a day of sightseeing. Location is great - a short walk to the 6 train subway on 28th St and you get a view of the upper part of the Empire State Building every time you make the walk..terrific. The local area is quite peaceful with a great choice of restaurants in easy walking distance, staff are fine too...unobtrusive but v. helpful. This was a great base to see NYC from and we would definately stay here again.	
Jul 24 2009	My family and I experienced a most welcoming professional staff and a very gracious environment.	What a gem this hotel is in New York City. The hotel was our home base for our son's wedding in Manhattan. I must say that with all the stress of a wedding, the hotel stay was calming and everyone was there to help in any way. Many, many thanks,Lydia and Tony Bellino	
Jul 23 2009 	Perfect Wedding Stay	Recently stayed at the hotel 4 days for our daughter's wedding in the city. The accomodations were absolutely incredible! the service was outstanding, suite was perfect and the roof top bars were absolutely amazing. The new couple live in NYC so I know we will back for a visit and I will under NO circumstances stay at any other hotel. Your staff is amazing, the BEST in the city. Thank you so much for making our stay so incredibly wonderful!! Cindy Butrico Palm Harbor, Florida	
Jul 23 2009 	Very good place to stay.	My husband and I just spent five nights at Hotel Giraffe and had great stay.The hotel is well located for seeing Manhattan ,it is two blocks south of 28th street subway-line 6.It was a very relaxing place to stay,with helpful,friendly staff.We started each day with the complimentary buffet breakfast served in the main downstairs lounge.There was plenty of food and a decent choice,it was very relaxing sitting gazing out the window onto Park Avenue South watching rush hour while eating breakfast.We had a good sized room with french doors opening on to a small balcony,as the hotel is not huge each room is very close to the elevator,we walked out our room and the elevator was right there,which was very handy.	
Jul 23 2009 	We'll Be Back!	The Hotel Giraffe is a rarity - it's actually BETTER than it lets on. Located close to both public &amp; private transit, the Giraffe's ambiance &amp; attention to guest needs make it a hotel we will return to whenever NYC is our destination. The staff is attentive, but never intrusive, &amp; the added touches, such as the continental b'fast served each morning, &amp; the wine &amp; cheese tastings each night from 5-8 p.m., were the perfect start to each day &amp; evening. With only 7 rooms per floor, that feeling of being just another faceless guest never happened. If you want to stay at one of New York's hidden gems, then book your stay at the Hotel Giraffe.	
Jul 22 2009 	wanna go back	upon first arriving at the gifaffe, I was disappointed... by the time we left, I was ready to book my next NYC stay there! There were 3 of us and we booked a suite with the fold out sofa... had I known how dark the &quot;sofa room&quot; was, I would have chosen the more expensive corner suite ...I realized for me no matter how large or well appointed the room is , if there is little outside light , its drab feeling -- the staff was outstanding -- genuinely friendly and willing to help -- the breakfast was excellent and evening apertifs were too -- we also liked the rooftop bar and lounge -- we had gorgeous weather and it was fun to sit , relax and enjoy the stars!! Now , I cannot wait to visit the City again and stay in that corner suite!!	
Jul 21 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous	We have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Hotel Giraffe and it exceeded our expectations, even after all the 5 star Trip Advisor reviews. Everything about the hotel is good; location, decor, friendly service, superb continental breakfast, cheese and wine from 5pm - 7pm (life saver after pounded the streets of New York). Our suite was wonderful, the bed was luxuriously comfortable and the air conditioning was quiet and effective. I cannot think of a single negative thing about this place.	
Jul 21 2009	Hotel Giraffe: Excellent Service and Hospitality and Location	Date: July 20, 2009My good friends and I had another fantastic trip to New York City. This time it was enhanced by our stay at the Hotel Giraffe in Gramercy Park. This new location (for us) gave us easy access to Lower Manhattan as well as convenient access to other parts of the city.What made this stay so special was the hotel staff. Every person, the bell captains, the happy hour and breakfast staff, the front desk staff, and the housekeeping staff, was courteous, helpful, and gracious.A very special part of the hotel was the rooftop lounge. This place was a haven of peace and relaxation as well as a fun social area. I heartily recommend the Hotel Giraffe. Your New York visit will be perfect with a stay at this hotel.	
Jul 20 2009 	Could Not Have Been Better!	Outstanding, clean, modern, tasteful hotel. Beautiful suites. Staff extremely friendly and professional. Lovely ground level lobby area with breakfasts and happy hours, very comfortable for hanging out or meeting friends or business colleagues. Location extremely central. We shall return!	
Jul 18 2009 	Lovely oasis in Manhattan	Wonderful staff. Sleek, comfortable room packed with amenities. Lots of mirrors, even a bathroom scale! Wine and cheese reception every evening and breakfast every morning in the beautiful lobby.	
Jul 17 2009 	Superb Hotel!	What can I say....The Giraffe is a suberb hotel with a great name...one of the few times our research has been spot on! Location may not be lively enough for some, but suited us very well!Rooms are spacious, decoration tasteful with lots of storage space ...beds unusually very comfortable, slept well each night... elegance with comfort!Service was excellent, thoroughly enjoyed the informal breakfast arrangement and complimentary early evening cheese &amp; wine. Roof top bar popular with guests &amp; locals. We do pefer a 'boutique' hotel...we enjoy the intimate and individualism of this type of establishment; sadly, however, not all 'boutique&quot; hotels are are in the same class as theGiraffe!	
Jul 16 2009 	Could not have been better	We recently spent five nights at the Hotel Giraffe. We had booked our stay based on information we found on &quot;Trip Advisor&quot; and are pleased to report that our stay was simply wonderful. Our room was clean, well-appointed and very comfortable. The complimentary breakfast was just what we needed; the evening &quot;wine and cheese&quot; time was outstanding. Best of all was the level of service. The staff was both professional and personable--not a trace of 'attitude'. We will certainly use Hotel Giraffe again and recommend it to you.	
Jul 15 2009 	Best Hotel ever	My husband and I and our two sons travelled to New York for a holiday. We made the best choice staying at this hotel. The staff were pleasant and helpful in reception, the maids were very friendly and efficient, the doorman attentive, good advise was given to us about the firework display. The breakfast was really lovely, the wine and cheese in the evening was just what we needed after a hard day of sightseeing and the pianist was the piece de ressistance.I can't wait for our return trip.	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent location great amenities and impeccable staff! LOVED IT!	This was our first trip to NYC. I choose the hotel based on the amenities it offers. We were not disappointed. The rooms were actually a very good size...the balcony allowed us to continue enjoying the sights and sounds of the city even when we were in our room. The staff were impeccable. They were very helpful and attentive. They tried very hard to anticipate your needs and accommodate them accordingly. The daily breakfast, all day snacks/beverages and evening wine reception were an added bonus and did not disappoint. The location turned out to be very close to everything...either via walking or short taxi ride. What I liked most was it was on a nice street...close to food, night life, sights and shopping...but not congested and loud. I would highly recommend this hotel and definitely would stay there again. My only disappointment was the bed was a little hard...and they don't allow pets. Other than that....I loved this place!	
Jul 13 2009 	So glad that we stayed here	We stayed at The Giraffe for my 50th birthday and had a wonderful weekend. The hotel staff were welcoming and friendly and had provided a bottle of bubbly and a cake in the room. The room was well equipped and very clean as was the rest of the hotel. The double glazing was effective in keeping the noise from the street out. We enjoyed the breakfast and also the evening wine and cheese. The roof top terrace was lovely for a nightcap although drinks were a bit pricey! We would thoroughly recommend this hotel and would certainly make a return visit.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great hotel centrally located with top quality service.	Our recent stay at the Hotel Giraffe was excellent. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful, our room was large (for New York) and clean. The property was well maintained and had a club-like atmosphere about it.Our room was on the 11th floor, and had good sound-proof windows (evidenced by the noise level when they were open), and very quiet air-conditioning. There was fresh bottled water left in the room each day, and chocolates provided by the evening turn-down service. Both wireless and wired internet were available for free in the room.The complementary continental breakfast included pastries, bagels, eggs, fruit salad, juices and yogurt, as well as a variety of specialty coffees. Coffee was also available throughout the day. Evenings included complementary wine and cheese and a piano player.The location was very central and right on the 6 subway line. I would definately stay here again. There may be cheaper hotels, but most would charge for breakfast and internet, so these freebies make the Giraffe a really good deal.	
Jul 9 2009 	Fabulous	The Hotel Giraffe was a wonderful place to stay. The rooms were comfortable, clean, and very modern. The staff were helpful and friendly. All of the amenities were superb -- breakfast in the morning, wine and cheese in the afternoon, snacks all day. Typically, hotels of this caliber charge extra for everything, but at the Hotel Giraffe, many of the little extras were included with the room (e.g., breakfast, waters in the room, internet, snacks/coffee throughout the day).	
Jul 3 2009 	A hidden gem	A really great place to stay! Close to the subway, very friendly and helpful staff, spacious rooms and a very good breakfast buffet. I travel quite a bit and am very critical of conditions - wear of furniture/linens, outdated furnishings, even amenities - I have nothing negative to say about Hotel Giraffe. I will defintely stay here again and would recommend it to other travelers.	
Jul 1 2009 	Once again we were very pleased with our stay at Hotel Giraffe.	This was our second time staying at Hotel Giraffe, and every single employee we came in contact with was EXTREMELY courteous and polite. In addition, the hotel has been immaculately clean both times we stayed. Plus, the hotel is in a great location. Easy to get up or downtown. We took advantage of the free guest passes to New York Sports Club this time, and it is close by and a nice gym. We'll definitely stay there again.	
Jun 30 2009 	When in Manhattan stay at the Giraffe!!	We have stayed at the Giraffe many times and it is our favorite place to stay in Manhattan! We love to walk in the city and it is close enough to walk to Little Italy, or South Street Seaport, or go uptown to Times Square or Central Park. If you don't like to walk that far, there are plenty of restaurants and shopping nearby. The complimentary breakfast is awesome, not to mention the &quot;happy hour&quot; with unlimited wine, champagne, cheese and crackers. The staff is very professional and certainly make you feel welcome. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND staying at the Giraffe.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great place for wedding party to stay.	Very nice room and spacious bathroom (esp. for NYC). Extremely clean and well maintained. Outstanding staff - courteous and helpful at all times. The breakfast and evening wine and cheese provided an easy way for members of our group to meet (or not). This was the perfect choice for this occasion. I would definitely stay here again.My only negative would be that it is not as close as some other hotels to shopping (Saks, Barneys, etc.). Subway is very close by and a short ride, but it is not a quick walk.	
Jun 29 2009 	The Hotel that does not disappoint.	A sudden rain storm arrived at the hotel with me, so it was helpful that an umbrella was hanging in my closet for my use, or if I chose, purchase. The gracious staff did not disappoint me as they were easily available and helpful. I did not order room service so I have no evaluative comments of those offering.	
Jun 26 2009 	Perfect...!!!	We travelled to New York for our Silver Wedding Anniversary, and chose the Giraffe because we did not want to stay in a &quot;run of the mill hotel&quot;. Did we select right.... You bet yah. The Giraffe is perfectly located in midtown, with short distances to any spot in Manhattan. The rooms are great, and the whole atmosphere is relaxed, stylish and friendly. We enjoyed the Giraffe for:* The nice breakfast* The great rooms*The comfortable bed* Cheese &amp; wine every evening from 5 - 8, fab after a long day shopping/seeing the sights.*The helpful and friendly staff.I paid extra for a &quot;romantic rendevouz&quot; and had &quot;rose petal turndown &amp; chocolate hand dipped strawberries &amp; A Bottle of Champagne&quot; in the room when we arrived after a long flight - fantastic.There is no need to look any futher for a romantic get-away from home - I would be happy to come back to the Giraffe.	
Jun 26 2009 	Happy at the Giraffe	From the outset, all the staff were from satisfactory to good at their job, also they were friendly.The location is brilliant. You can easily get to anywhere in Manhattan, and further afield, from here.The room was of good size and very comfortable. Our room had a balcony, complete with large attractive flower pot. All aspects of the accommodation were good, bathroom toiletries, dressing gowns and slippers, use of an umbrella. There was a flat panel tv, electric controlled window blinds, a safe, complimentary bottled water on arrival.The complimentary continental breakfast was very nice, as was the wine and cheese evenings (except for Sunday) a well received gesture. This was from 5-8pm in the evenings. Newspapers were provided in the lounge/lobby area also.Wireless internet connection was complimentary.The room-service restaurant recommendations were, surprisingly, very good. We were amazed and the beautiful food from Dos Caminos.Overall a very positive experience.	
Jun 24 2009 	well-managed professional and personalized	This hotel is The Four Seasons on a small scale. Modern, well appointed and maintained. Luxurious towles, linens, toiletries, etc. The staff is friendly and helpful. Little things add up such as complementary bottled water that is available in the room and coffee, tea, cookies, fruit etc available in the lobby, complementary breakfast--in this, better than The Four Seasons! Very nice, convenient location. Highly recommended.	
Jun 22 2009 	A great stay. . .as usual.	The Hotel Giraffe never fails to please. It is centrally located; the rooms are large for NYC; it is quiet and calm inside the lobby. Always nice to come back to after a hectic day in the city.The staff is always helpful and accomodating. We recently stayed for one night at a different hotel because of a business issue and everyone agreed . . . the Hotel Giraffe was a million times better.It is my home away from home in New York City.	
Jun 22 2009 	Completely worth it	First of all the people there are really kind and helpful. Beyond hotel standards. That only is worth using this hotel.Rooms were spotless as expected. The location is great, in between up and down Manhattan, you feel close to everything.The valet parking is convenient and cheap for NY standards. A public parking at the corner cost 65 dollars a night, and the hotel is less than half that.The complementary breakfast was a very nice touch, specially the fact that they kept it going until noon! Also the checkout at 1pm justgives you that feeling of tranquility, so appreciated the day you're leaving a place and have to pack, etc.They let us play the piano.Basically, you feel unrestricted, and thus at home.	
Jun 15 2009 	Top notch service and beautiful rooms.	From check in to check out, the staff at this hotel were just excellent. We were allowed to check in early in the morning, which was a huge help considering we took the train to go to city hall to get married. Not only did we get an early check-in, but we got an unexpected upgrade to a suite, which was very comfortable. The breakfasts and wine and cheese in the afternoons were great. Great location with easy access to everything. Overall just a wonderful experience and well worth the money.	
Jun 15 2009 	Giraffe Proves Itself Again	I challenge anyone to find a better value for money for the size of rooms, location, and genuine service than the Giraffe. We have stayed there many times and are rewarded with same care and service every time. A wonderful respite in lower-mid Manhatten.	
Jun 12 2009 	I'd come back again.	I can't think of anything that I would change. Great, helpful, etc. staff. Saved me a fortune and added convenience by having continental breakfast in the morning, and wine/snack in the early evening. And I almost forgot, wifi internet access in the rooms at no extra charge.	
Jun 12 2009 	Perfect location helpful and friendly staff great rooms!	Giraffe is perfectly located in midtown, with short distances to any spot on Manhattan. The rooms are great, and the whole atmosphere is relaxed, stylish and friendly. We enjoyed the Giraffe for:* The nice breakfast* The helpful and friendly staff who always were ready to give advise and make that phonecall to make it perfect* The rooftop terrace, beautiful - day and nightThere is no need to look futher for my home away from home - I am sure to come back to the Giraffe.	
Jun 5 2009 	Couldn't have asked for more.	We stayed for 4 nights in mid-May to celebrate my birthday, and since my husband had never been to Manhattan before, I wanted to choose a hotel that would be more than just a place to collapse after a long day spent shopping/sightseeing. I am so glad we chose Hotel Giraffe!  We called ahead to inquire if we could check in a couple of hours early and when we arrived we were warmly greeted by friendly, unpretentious front desk staff and concierges. This seems to be the trend with every staff member we encountered. Friendly in a genuine non-robotic-corporate-chain kind of way. After an afternoon spent walking, to be greeted at the door by name and with a smile is one of those little touches that goes a long way. Our room was spacious and the terrace was lovely. The bathroom was a real treat. Marble throughout with lots of shelf space and drawers, and a large lighted shaving mirror. A special note about housekeeping; our toothpaste had leaked into it's ziploc bag and when we returned later in the day, they had cleaned it all up for us! Sparkling wine and a large gourmet cupcake were brought to the room a few minutes after our arrival along with a birthday card. It is attention to details like these that made our stay so memorable.  Breakfast was healthy and tasty and served with a smile. Enough to keep you going until lunchtime. Fresh fruit and cookies as well as coffee and juice on hand all day for a quick pick me up. Would usually take this up to the rooftop terrace for a nice little escape. We were in walking distance to pretty much everything we wanted to see and when we did take cabs they were fast and relatively cheap seeing as our home base was pretty much in the centre of the island. The hotel staff were also very helpful with subway directions. Hotel Giraffe has everything you want in a New York hotel- it's clean, spacious and well located- but without a huge price tag. Sure, it's a little bit more than say the Comfort Inn or Club Quarters, but it's value is in its intangibles. The understated elegance and little personal touches are what you remember it for, and for that, it was worth every penny. A special thank you to TripAdvisor and all the reviewers. I relied heavily on this site to make my hotel choice and I was not disappointed!	
May 28 2009 	Superb hotel in one of the best locations for exploring Manhattan	Everything about our stay in the Giraffe was above our expectations. The location, on the borders of East Village and Midtown, meant we could explore the traditional sites and shops of Midtown (we even walked further to Upper Westside and Central Park) and yet closer to home were our preferred areas of the Lower East Side and East Village for eating and drinking.Service impeccable, friendly and attentive, with complimentary cheese and wine social in the evening. Our room was spacious and luxuriously equipped with everything we could want and more (fascinating book on giraffes anyone?) . Lovely balcony to relax with a drink and high enough for the road noise not to be an issue.We spent several days researching hotels and most importantly the area the hotel is located and this offered the very best for being in the middle of everything worth seeing.With the pay in advance/30% off option it was affordable...even for Manhattan!Would definately recommend to anyone and would not hesitate to rebook for our next trip.	
May 27 2009 	Well located clean pleasant hotel great staff	My sister &amp; I went to NYC to celebrate her birthday and she chose the Giraffe. The room was lovely and had free wifi. It was immaculately clean &amp; the beds very comfortable. While the street was busy &amp; there was construction going on, the rooms were well insulated &amp; dampened the sounds.The staff bent over backwards to help us at every turn &amp; the complementary brunch was delicious and contained healthy, low fat foods (a pleasant surprise, expected only danishes &amp; bagels). The location was near the subways, restaurants of all price points, parks and drug stores. Taxis were easily hailed when we wanted one.	
May 27 2009 	weekend in the city	I found the Hotel Giraffe through this site and based on the awesome reviews, I decided to give it a try. The hotel was very nice. We loved the fact that the doors in the room open to a small balcony. The breakfast in the morning was a great way to start the day. The girls working the breakfast remembered how I took my coffee, which I thought was great. The only complaint that I have and keep in mind I am a complete bed snob, is that I thought the bed was very hard. If this hotel had the comfy beds that I have found at other nice hotels, I would rate this as my favorite hotel by far. If you are not a princess and the pea kind of girl, you will love this place. I loved it regardless. Be sure to check out the rooftop terrace. We ate at Dos Caminos which is attached to the hotel and thought it was the best mexican we have ever had. The guacamole was to die for. Also try Tabla if you enjoy Indian.	
May 27 2009 	Charming and cozy hotel with relatively good size rooms	We stayed 5 nights in Giraffe and enjoyed our stay. Hotel location was good, if you prefer something else than just a tourist populated area. Area seemed to be very safe and not too busy: we were able to sleep our nights, although you could hear the traffic noise, but that's New York, I guess. Our queen-bedroom was surprisingly spacious and very clean. Only small minus we can think is the views from the room windows, or merely the lack of the views. Breakfast room was home-like and staff serving it very friendly. Staff overall was helpful and friendly. - We definatelly woud recommend this hotel for people looking for an elegant and peaceful stay in New York!	
May 26 2009 	I can't find anything negative to say.	I don't have a bad thing to say about this hotel. Great location? Check. Right near Madison Square Park and the flatiron district.Finely appointed rooms? Check. Great decor, granite surfaces, comfy beds.Free breakfast? Check. Delicious, and graciously served by smiling hotel employees.Lack of street noise? Check. Even on the 3rd floor, I never heard a thing.Free wi-fi? Check.Attentive and polite staff? Check.I could go on and on, but you get the point. I'm loathe to write this positive review--I don't want the hotel to become too popular and ruin my future fun!	
May 25 2009 	Nice Hotel	We stayed at the Giraffe over Memorial Day weekend. The hotel is very nice--not outstanding,, but very nice. The so-called Queen Deluxe room is a bit small, but comfortable. The location is great--walking distance to Union Square to the south and Grand Central for subway connections to the north. The hotel has a continental breakfast and wine and cheese event daily, which are really nice. Even though the hotel was full there seemed to be plenty of seating and no shortage of food. Service requests were filled quickly, which is always a pleasure. All in all, I would recommend the Giraffe and would stay there again.	
May 25 2009 	wonderful stay	I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe in December 08 for 10days, with my parents.We were in a suite. The service was really good, the room was spacious. My parents slept in the double room in the suite, while I slept in the sofa bed (ok the matress was not great, but was ok for me) for 3 the suite was perfect.We loved the breakfast and the cheese and wine in the evening, during the week day there was a pianist. This hotel is a bit retro in its decoration which is so charming.The staff was always friendly (maybe one of the staff at the cheese and wine evenings could have smile a bit more :()But overall our experience was really good, I will come back there	
May 23 2009 	Excellent stay but a bit on the pricey side	On arrival after 4pm our room still wasn't ready so we had to sit around for housekeeping to finish - not ideal after a long flight. Room itself was lovely - very large, bonus that you could open the French windows to get fresh air in - or even cool drinks out on the small balcony. Room was very clean and well set out. Heating/ air con all worked really well. No good views just looking into another building.Found the staff to be chatty &amp; helpful... Only a handful of rooms per landing which made for a quiet stay! As no through passing traffic of people like in other hotels that have long corridors.Hotel offers a turndown service of chocs, your music put on and bottled water replaced - although the free water was a bit hit or miss in being replaced. The free Wi-Fi was excellent full use of this was made for checking out local places for dinner and attractions in town. Hotel also offered free use of a laptop and printer in the lobby area.The hotel is in a chic part of town and although the street is rather busy with a higher floored room it couldn't be heard. Lots of locals out walking their pedigree dogs. Carbon monoxide detectors along with the normal fire ones - good to see both types of alarms in the room. Easy walking distance to the subway station or walk able to Times Sq - just across the block from the Flatiron building and nice little park area. Nearby is curry hill with lots of good places to eat esp. vegetarian’s options. Breakfast was free - continental style - bagels, eggs, toast, pastries, cereal and choices of coffees, juices &amp; teas all self service. The hotel also held wine &amp; cheers most evenings which was also free along with some piano music. Lobby very small but nice - marble throughout - this also doubles as the breakfast area in the morning. Few local papers are put out for guests to read. Stayed here for 5 nights in Feb '09 - this cost £1,100 a bit pricey considering there was no on site pool - not even at the gym club they give passes out to. All in all I would say a 9/10 for this hotel. Would like to see some better deals done to get guests in as staff we spoke to said they were running an almost empty hotel and were on the look out for tourists.	
May 18 2009	Great value great rooms and thoughtful extras	I stayed at Hotel Giraffe for a long weekend in New York back in April. Although I'd booked a superior room, I arrived extremely late in the evening and ended up with a small suite on the eight floor. For NYC, the room was huge, with high ceilings and a real feeling of space. I also took a peek at a superior room and that was pretty sizeable too. Staff were friendly and the free breakfast and evening drinks were very welcome. The hotel is independent and well maintained; service is good and the staff welcoming. The only minus point was a dinner reservation made by the front desk - wrong time, wrong restaurant and not confirmed with a note under my door or a phone call. But this was a small point on an otherwise very enjoyable stay.Location is good, close to the subway and the flat iron building. I'd defintely recommend this for anyone looking for a cosy, charming hotel with high standards of service. The roof terrace is a bonus too.	
May 14 2009 	Disappointing	We stayed for three days. The room was quire nice. The staff was friendly and curteous.The problem was no water in the room. The hotel management obviously couldn't solve a problem with the water not working in our room. When I turned on the water (hot or cold; it didn't matter) and nothing came out i would call the front desk and they would have the &quot;pump reset.&quot; The water would be back on shortly. On the second day we received a bottle of wine and a $100 credit and an apology from the manager. He indicated that the problem was corrected that this was not their normal mode of business. The next morning (a Tuesday) at 8 AM there was no water again. They did &quot;reset the pump,&quot; but when I was in the shower two hours later the water again stopped. I would like to be able to recommend this hotel but considering the cost of the rooms and a meager $100 credit, i cannot. The manager did wish to speak with us as we were leaving but we had a train to catch a could not wait for him to appear. I did email him when we returned but he did not respond. Too bad. Other than this I would have given the hotel a high rating.	
May 13 2009 	Awesome!!!!	The staff was the best by far! They greeted us by our name, helped us with tours etc. Rooms clean, breakfast and the wine and cheese at night, fabulous! Easy access to the subway and not such a busy location, very layed back. I would definitly stay there again and recommend it to everyone!	
May 5 2009 	Elegant and chic in a convenient area	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Giraffe and were very pleased. We arrived 2 hours before check-in and were greeted by the bellhop when he saw me sitting in the car while my boyfriend checked in. He took our luggage and told us that our room was ready right away - we were very happy after a four hour drive from Boston.The lobby was nicely appointed with a piano and beautiful floral arrangements, a sofa and chair set up, and tables and chairs. We helped ourselves each morning to the continental breakfast, consisting of things like bagels, muffins, pastries, hard boiled eggs, oj, cranberry juice, coffee, cut fruit, yogurt, cereal - all delicious.When we returned late in the day, we stopped again for wine and cheese. Coffee and cookies were available 24/7.We had a 1 bedroom suite at the end on the 5th floor, room 501. It was tastefully decorated and roomy. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean. If you're looking for a view, though, this isn't the place. We were very happy overall with our stay.	
May 4 2009 	Also had high hopes	Don't expect the grand expance of the Tribeca Grand on arrival, the foyer and reception are unassuming to the point of disappointment. The rooms however are well appointed and the high ceilings and mirrors add to the sense of space.Great add-ons including free continental breakfast that was surprisingly good. Wine in the evening was odd (avoid the sherry coloured Chardonnay) but provided a great late afternoon snack.The hotel also gives free vouchers worth $25 to an NYC Gym which was 3 blocks away. I prefer this to hotels with 'fitness centres' that more often than not are unlettable rooms with outdated equipment.Staff were hit-and-miss. Some exceptionally helpful others a little vacant. On leaving they offered to flag a taxi but could not agree how much this would cost, apparently unaware that there is a fixed rate from Manhattan to JFK. This was important to us as our cash was limited on our last day. FYI its $45 + tolls.Location is great, walkable to times square to the north and union sq to the south. Also on line 6 on the underground. Not my favourite hotel in the world but provided a great base with substinance for exploring manhattan.	
May 2 2009 	Hotel Giraffe is excellent value for money in a great midtown location with very good service.	We like Hotel Giraffe for it's boutique ambiance, excellent free breakfasts and free wine and cheese from 5-8 nightly, and a lovely rooftop garden. The location is excellent and the hotel is modern and beautiful. One of the few hotels with balconies,	
Apr 28 2009 	Made our 20th wedding anniversary incredibly romantic	Stayed at The Giraffe for a romantic getaway weekend to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary. What a wonderful surprise, we were treated to a one bedroom suite upgrade, 15 minutes after arrival the hotel manager brought a bottle of Proseco along with belgium chocolates. Really set the tone for a romantic weekend. The hotel is elegant, our room was spacious and very tastefully decorated. The staff were friendly and eager to help, very happy to share our enthusiam over our anniversary, congratulating us every chance they had. The hotel manager went out of her way to get a bucket of ice after my husband enquired about the location of the ice machine. The hotel offers a complimentary breakfast in the morning with fruit salad, danishes, yogurt, juice, and more everything fresh and tasty. A complimentary wine and cheese between 5 and 8 is a wonderfual way to get your evening started before enjoying the NYC nightlife. On the corner of Park Avenue and 26th, the location was close to Herald Square and Penn station, (coming in from Newark airport this was a bonus)easy access to the subway two blocks away, bus in front of the hotel, barely needed to take any cabs. We are anxious to go back with our daughter, we are certain she will absolutely love it.	
Apr 27 2009 	Love this place - we will keep coming back!	This is our favorite boutique hotel in NYC. The location is perfect. The customer service excellet - they attend to your every need - even upgraded us to a suite! We love the complimentary breakfast, wine and cheese before dinner and the coffee and cookies offered all day long. After a long day shopping this is a real treat to come back to. It is just the right size and this year, we even discovered the roof deck - a splendid little area to gaze at the stars or hang out in the sun on a warm day.	
Apr 25 2009 	Great friendly hotel in a great location on Manhattan. Exceptionally clean	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights and we loved it. The rooms were really very well equipped and exceptionally clean which always makes relaxing that bit easier. The bedlinens and towels were of a great high quality. We were very pleased with the inclusive breakfasts and free wine, champagne and cheese in the evenings between 5 and 8. It was great to have coffee and teas and fruit and cookies available all day from the lobby too. We would have liked to have had facilities to make a tea/coffeee in our room too though, that would be our only niggle. I must point out you are able to get your tea/coffee and take it upstairs.The location is great, just a couple of blocks from the Flatiron building and one block from the lovely Madison Square Park. On the far side of Madison Sq Park is Fifth Avenue where you can catch any of the sightseeing hop on - hop off buses.We were able to wander to Soho, Greenwich Village and Central Park in fact we walked to pretty much all the districts in Midtown and Downtown from the hotel on different days. (We usually hopped on the bus to get back though)The restaurants around the hotel are all nice but we found much better value and warmer atmospheres when we wandered into Greenwich Village or even a few blocks away from the bigger Rds like Park Ave and Broadway.The staff were, without fail, extremely attentive whenever we enquired about something or asked for help. When we return to New York there will be no question about us staying in the hotel again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Could not have been happier with this hotel.	We generally stay in the Central Park South area of midtown Manhattan and decided to try the Giraffe Hotel that was a little further downtown in the Murray Hill area. What an excellent choice it turned out to be. The hotel is attractive and we had a spacious Terrace Suite that was tasteful and comfortable. It also had the largest bathroom I've seen in a New York hotel. The vanity had a sink that was set it an almost 6ft wide granite counter of usable space!The wine and cheese welcome in the late afternoon was simple, but very pleasant. The complementary bottle of bubbly (Prosecco) that greeted us in the room on arrival was a nice surprise. I'd forgotten that when booking the room, I'd checked the &quot;Special Occasion?&quot; question indicating that we would be there for our anniversary.Our continental breakfast of bagels and pastries, fresh fruit, yougurt, cereal, coffee, juice and hard boiled eggs was perfect to start the day.By reserving the hotel on their own webiste and choosing the &quot;PREPAY - Visit soon&quot; promotion, I was able to book a suite at close to what I would have paid for a regular room on all of the booking websites.We'll definitely return to the Hotel Giraffe.	
Apr 14 2009 	Superb - Great Location	If you are looking for a lovely boutique hotel in the heart of Manhattan then this could be the right hotel for you.The staff are very helpful and friendly, the room we stayed in was more than sufficient, a super size, well decorated and very comfortable. Breakfast is a lovely range of cereal and pastries and bagels and unlimited tea and coffee (tea and coffee are available throughout the day.They also serve (free of charge) a selection of cheese and biscuits with a glass of wine in the evening and this is a great way to start your evening off - before a trip to Broadway or the Rockefeller center - or a stroll around the many streets and avenues.The hotel is superbly located with Grand Central Terminal just a few blocks north (15mins) but the great joy is that everything is within walking distance especially the heart of Manhattan. Of course you can still get the Subway or hail a cab for the New York experience - but this hotel is in a great location.Highly recommended.	
Apr 12 2009 	Wonderful	I chose this hotel because it was close to my NY office. The staff was very friendly and courteous. The room was comfortable and clean. Free internet was wonderful. Breakfast exceeded my expectations, as did the evening cheese and wine. I will definitely go back.	
Apr 3 2009 	Had High Hopes	We arrived after check-in time to find our room was not ready for us nor would it be on a high floor I had requested. I asked then if we could have a room on a higher floor and with some reluctance, it seemed, we were given a room on the 7th floor. I had booked a two night stay through the hotel's web site, a package deal that was to include a 20% coupon for a restaurant near the hotel. No coupon was ever offered to us though. The room was very small but with an abundance of mirrors and very high ceilings it kept us from feeling claustrophobic. The balcony was nice as the weather was good and overlooked 26th street, nothing spectacular. It was not Park Avenue as others have written about. Our first night was a Tues. and into the early morning hours the racket from the street sounded like we were sleeping in a bowling alley .There were some issues with the room we were in. The first night we realized we had no basic cable TV channels. We did have local TV and weren't sure if they even offered cable. There were no guides in the rooms to help with TV, or to make us aware of any of the hotel amenities. A call to the front desk the next day and the problem with the cable was solved right away Supposedly we had a mini bar in the room but we could not get the door opened to see the selections. It did not appear to have a lock on it so that remains a mystery. The room was clean and the bed comfortable but only had two pillows. There was a third one in the closet but it would have been nicer had there been another. The linens were very nice as was the decor of the room with a mixture of light &amp; dark woods, granite, dark textured wallpaper, mirrors and colorful sheer curtains that gave a nice glow to the room.The bathroom needed some attention though, the sink was badly cracked and certainly not up to the standards of the rest of the hotel and the bathroom did smell like it needed a good scrubbing with some bleach.During our stay it seemed like the hotel was rather empty of visitors. Few people were seen in the lobby during breakfast and especially during the wine &amp; cheese servings, which are complimentary and included a pianist which was really nice. In spite of the fact that there weren't many guests the serving staff really seemed to go the extra mile to see to their our needs. We really did appreciate that! I had high hopes for our stay at Hotel Giraffe but couldn't help but to feel a bit disappointed.	
Apr 1 2009 	A good all round experience	This hotel is not the most exciting of places but everything worked, the staff were friendly, the breakfast was good and the position was really good. It wasn't the largest room in the world but good for Europe standards. The roof terrace bar was lovely.	
Mar 31 2009 	A place we'll return to again and again...	Our experience at the Hotel Giraffe was nothing short of wonderful. We arrived before check-in time and were offered a room right away, or our requested high floor room a bit later. We took the latter and went out for lunch at one of the restaurants they suggested right around the corner which was also a great experience. We arrived to find our room ready, luggage in place, a bottle of wine and a personal welcome note from the management. Our spacious room on the 10th floor was fantastic; beautifully appointed with subdued modern decor, an ample closet with double doors mirrored inside and out, a safe, a little bar area, a comfortable chair and ottoman, king size, comfortable bed, an armoire with lots of drawers, flat screen TV, a work desk and ample counter space. The lighting was lovely. The bathroom was spacious, with a modern feel, plenty of counter and shelf space as well and great lighting. It even had a magnifying make-up mirror (which baby boomers greatly appreciate). There was nothing missing from the bathroom product line-up and the products were lovely. On our high floor, with the windows closed, we couldn't hear a sound from the street (and we definitely did when we opened the windows). Neither did we ever hear a sound from a neighboring room.The staff at the Hotel Giraffe excels at service. They are friendly, welcoming and attentive. Whether it was the staff at the front desk, or the bellman, the chambermaid or the breakfast and cocktail hour attendants, all were excellent. The morning breakfast is plentiful with something for everyone and an attentive attendant. The dining area by the lobby has a wonderful feel with a mix of seating options that caters to the different moods and habits of guests. Likewise, the evening wine and cheese offered a nice variety of cheeses and other &quot;munchies&quot; along with wine; red, white and sparkling and beautiful piano music. The lobby is comfortable with plenty of newspapers available as well as a couple of computers for guest use and always, lovely flower arrangements. Somehow one of the elevators was always open and waiting when we wanted to go upstairs and coming down, we never waited long either.We have stayed in many hotels in this price range in the city in the last four years since our daughters moved there and are delighted to have found this gem which feels more like a home away from home in a very convenient location. We found it a great value and an overall wonderful place to stay.	
Mar 24 2009 	Delightful hotel with very friendly staff and delicous breakfast	We LOVE Hotel Giraffe and will definitly stay here again when we travel to NYC. It is in a wonderful location with great restaurants nearby, close to multiple subway stops and parks. The staff was terrific - very helpful, friendly and courtous. The rooms are big and comfortable - very clean and designed well. The price was very reasonable. We had our two teenage girls with us and they enjoyed the hotel also. Having the IPOD radios in the rooms was a big hit! The breakfast offered plenty of good food and coffee &amp; tea to start our day without charging extra. We really enjoyed the wine &amp; cheese time after a long day of walking and sight-seeing. The nearby work-out facilities were very nice and the people there very friendly too. Thank you for making our stay extra nice!	
Mar 17 2009 	Can't Wait to Go Back!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for a romantic weekend away from the kids. We were looking for something affordable but that was a little more special than your standard hotel room. From the time that I called them with some questions prior to even booking, until the time we left, the staff was friendly, courteous, and helpful. Being a NY neighbor (NJ), I know people around here aren't always that nice - especially in a place that is pretty hip, you many times get a snobby attitude. We never once got that here. There are only a few rooms on each floor, and in fact we were on the top floor and I think ours was the only room on that side - down the other end of the hall were three more. I'm pretty sure the top floor only has 4 rooms. So quiet and private - and the room was wonderful! A little on the small side, but for New York that is to be expected. The price was excellent for NYC, too. Everything from the decor (cool furniture and photos from the 1920's &amp; 30's), to the luxurious bedding (none of those hotel bedspreads that have itchy nasty undersides), was wonderful. The shower was standard hotel issue, but still nicer and overall the bathroom was cleaner, newer, nicer, than regular hotels. The ceilings are very high with tall doors. And the bedroom and sitting area each had TVs, and were separated by a small hallway where the bathroom and the closet and bar/refrigerator are. So it almost feels like a mini-apartment, very homey. We had a street view from our bedroom window; the window in our sitting area had a strange view - I jokingly called it the &quot;quad&quot; - literally the center of four outside walls coming together - it looked like a large outdoor elevator shaft. But again, this is NY!! Many tall buildings squished together . . . The hotel is in a very nice area, local to so many things, we walked almost everywhere that we went, even to the theater (we enjoy walking in the City). I think the thing we liked the most, although hard to narrow down, was the complimentary nightly cheese and wine party they have between 5 and 8. What a nice treat, and a nice start to the evening, very relaxing. One night they had a piano player, which was lovely. Probably the only thing that I can say I wish was different was that many other hotels offer at least one free in and out with their parking fee - The parking is pretty affordable at the Hotel Giraffe, but only if you leave your car in there and take cabs or walk. If you want to remove your car and put it back, they charge you something like an extra $20 each time. But we definitely decided we are going to try to make this a yearly getaway for us - our own special hotel. It was wonderful!!	
Mar 17 2009 	A wonderful weekend	Just returned from a long weekend at Hotel Giraffe and I couldn't have been happier with my choice of hotel. I'm originally from the NY area, but wanted to have a special weekend in the city. This hotel was the perfect choice. It was comfortable, romantic, and centrally located. The staff were beyond helpful. The rooms were immaculate, the complimentary breakfast was delicious as was the wine and cheese happy hour. It really provided us with the perfect retreat. And the price was more than reasonable for NYC. We felt it was the perfect stay.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great small hotel in a good location	My wife and I spent 5 nights in this hotel last month and were very pleased with everything about it . The staff were all friendly and helpful and couldn't have done any more to make our stay more comfortable.We were in a corner terrace suite which, although not cheap, was good value for NYC. Being on an upper floor helped to minimise street noise and the sound -proofing seemed more than adequate. There was plenty of space in which to spread out. There was plenty of closet space and the bathroom was a reasonable size, with a good shower.The complimentary Continental breakfast and evening drinks were a nice touch.This was our first time staying in this part of NYC and we would certainly choose it again over midtown. The subway was only 2 blocks away and cabs never a problem. It is within easy walking distance of a number of very good restaurants. In particular, Tabla ( a few minutes walk away ) has amongst the best Indian-influenced food we have ever eaten. We also enjoyed The House.Overall, we couldn't have been happier and would certainly choose Hotel Giraffe on our next visit.	
Mar 9 2009 	Our Son's Wedding	We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe with all of our relatives, as a home away from home on the occasion of our son's wedding. The location was wonderful because we wanted photos to be taken in Madison Square Park, a few steps away. The beautiful roof garden, at the top of the hotel ,was another terrific photo opportunity. The complimentary wine and cheese that was served in the lobby was much appreciated. The morning continental breakfast was excellent and all of our wedding guests enjoyed it. The rooms are extremely clean. We stayed in a one bedroom suite that was extremely modern with many personal touches. Plenty of bottled water and chocolate provided for free. The valet parking was easy as it could be and very convenient. The pianist in the lobby added the touch of elegance. The people working in the hotel are wonderful, courteous, friendly, warm and very professional. I give Hotel Giraffe my highest recommendation!	
Mar 8 2009 	Good NY hotel	This is one of the better hotels for business travel. I found it about 4 years ago, and have been staying there every time I can when I travel to busines in NY. The rooms are larger than many of the hotel rooms in NY. I also like that the rate includes internet and a continental breakfast. The rooms have bathrobes and slippers and are up to date. The bathrooms also have full counters so you aren't trying to balance items on a small ledge of the sink. Defintely a good choice for a traveler.	
Mar 2 2009	Great rooms very clean well worth a stay	I really enjoyed my stay at the Giraffe Hotel. It's ideally located, very close to Union Square and 5th Ave. Some great restaurants very near by and excellent service. All the staff where very pleasant and friendly. The free wine and cheese each evening in the bar area is a very nice extra touch.	
Mar 1 2009 	Romantic weekend at Giraffe	We spent Valentine's weekend at Giraffe and didn't want to leave. We live about 45 minutes from the city, so it wasn't much of an escape in distance but it sure seemed like it! I have friends who recommended the hotel and the positive reviews were echoed here on TA.We checked in and found our room was lovely. Rose petals were scattered, champagne chilling and chocolate covered strawberries waiting. Again, this was at extra cost but really made the room welcoming. Everything was pristine and comfortable. Though we had dinner reservations in 30 minutes, the comfort of the bed left my husband to have a quick nap before we left. We ate at Olanna which is just around the corner and was DELICIOUS! The lobster risotto was a dream... We had breakfast delivered to our room the next morning (extra $10 charge to get it delivered, otherwise it's free) which included various items we'd checked off from a menu the night before. We ate in the lobby the next morning and it was just as fresh and plentiful as it had been when it was delivered to our room.The staff was very friendly and accommodating. My husband called a few days prior to arrange to have roses sent to the room. Roses on Valentine's Day in NYC are a fortune, but my husband informed the concierge he didn't want to spend his life savings on some flowers. The hotel arranged to have a lovely bouquet of a dozen roses sent to our room first thing Valentine's morning (they even came when I was in the shower) and they were beautiful!We visited the Museum of Natural History, Metropolitan Museum of Art &amp; saw a show in the theater district. Though the location of the hotel was not too close to these areas, I preferred a less busy neighborhood and a short cab ride. We never had a problem getting a cab once and nothing was more than 10 minutes away.It's rare we stay in the city if not at a friend's apartment, but this was a wonderful Valentine's weekend I would love to make a new tradition!Only not-so-great part was with the parking. I pulled up, saw the doorman and asked about guest parking, and he was quick to help us take our bags from the trunk and take the car off our hands. He did not, however, mention the charge for parking. Nor did they mention it at the front desk when we checked in. The charge just appeared on the bill at check out. I don't think it was too much, maybe $40 for two nights, but it would've been nice to be informed. (Then again, I don't often drive to hotels and this may be commonplace)	
Feb 26 2009 	Liked Location and Staff	One of the most attentive staff that I have ever had. Wine and Cheese in the afternoon and continental breakfast very good. The location is excellent for me. Many restaurants nearby and Union Square nearby.Also near subway. We had a suite and it was good for our daughters visiting in the hotel with us.	
Feb 24 2009 	Professional Clean Courteous hotel with class	This is our second time staying at the Giraffe. Despite other posts saying the rooms are small, they actually are quite decent in size. When comparing to a small town or other cities, it is either the same size or a tad smaller). Compared to other new york hotels, the rooms are large. They also have high ceilings and are very tastefully furnished and perfectly clean. They do have turndown service, yep with the chocolates on the pillows too. The front desk is very friendly (compared to other New York hotels) flexible and courteous, even if a customer takes out a bad mood on them throwing a temper tantrum in public over non-related issues. It seems quieter there in the winter, perhaps due to lack of construction as is consistent throughout New York in the summer and fall. They offer many free food/meal services and have a beautiful lounge restaurant with piano and entertainment at night. Door persons are always friendly and smiling. I dont feel they could do anything more to improve. Perhaps any negative comments can be attributed to the person posting themselves (if you are grouchy snarling and mean tempered, well people may not receive you as open heartedly everywhere you go) I have seen some atrocious customer behaviour due to ignorance on their part and wouldn't want to be on the receiving line of their condescending tirades. This hotel is classy and the front lines i give much respect to staying cool, calm and courteous under pressure.	
Feb 23 2009 	gem of a hotel in NY	This is a lovely small hotel. The rooms are beautifully maintained, the staff is very helpful, and the free breakfast and wine/cheese is terrific. The lobby has a computer set up with a printer, free internet there and in rooms. The location was perfect for us.	
Feb 23 2009 	Beautiful Hotel -- attentive staff very accomodating....	My husband and I spent two nights at the Hotel Giraffe this week -- the staff was so attentive, and the room was charming, well appointed and who wouldn't love the juliet balcony overlooking Park Ave. Close to great restaurants and Union Square, subway. Delightful lobby with refreshments and a wonderful breakfast each morning... A must stay in the Flatiron District. We're planning to make it a regular stop -- but also are eager to stay at their other hotels in the city - each with a theme.	
Feb 23 2009 	Hotel Giraffe is the best in NYC!	Absolutely loved this great hotel in Midtown! The room (BR suite) was stylish and comfortable--best bed that I've slept in on the road. The staff were always available, friendly, and helpful. The complimentary continental breakfast (with *real* NY bagels!) was nicely arranged in the relaxing lobby, and the breakfast staff were always ready to hand you another cup of coffee. Given the location, service, price, Hotel Giraffe is truly a gem in the big city. Can't wait to go back!	
Feb 22 2009 	Had a fantastic stay	We have just come back from a short break in New York and had a fantastic time in this fabulous hotel. Everything was great (although we had requested a high room and given one on the second floor - this could have been because it was valentines day weekend) and we found the staff very attentive but not intrusive. The room was lovely and clean with great amenities and the turndown service was a plus in the evenings. There was a brilliant continental breakfast each morning with fresh bagels, danish pastries, eggs, fresh fruit, yogurts and plenty of fresh coffee. The wine and cheese in the evening was another nice touch. The hotel is very central, and only a short walk from the Empire State Building, Macy's and underground stations to get you around the city. We had a fantastic stay!	
Feb 17 2009	Great Boutique hotel in central location.. and free Prosecco!	I stayed here with my mum for a short break and we both throughly enjoyed our stay here. We booked an exec double and were pleased to find a large room with 2 queen size beds, and two of all the amenities (desks/mirrors/case stands) which was perfect if you are not traveling as a couple, or don't want to share space in the mirror whilst trying to get ready! The room was large for a New York hotel, and had a lovely little Juliet balcony overlooking the corner of Park Avenue South and East 26 St. Too small to sit on, but very handy if you want to check the temperature outside before venturing out for the day (it was gorgeous sunny blue skies whilst we were there but absolutely freezing!) I requested a high room, and we were given a room on the 11 th floor, which definitely made a difference to the traffic noise when coupled with the good double glazing in the french doors. Also loved all the small touches in the room, like the Ipod docking station radio alarm, dvd player, and turndown service complete with beligan chocs, soft music and mood lighting on your arrival back to the room each evening! Staff at the hotel were all very friendly and accommodating, and were happy to ring round to try and reserve us a table for dinner on a busy saturday night.Free cheese and wine each evening was also a big plus (this included prosecco, which was nice) the red and white was not so great, but free so can hardly complain, and they don't have to do it. Also had live piano music each night, which was a really nice touch. Only downside was breakfast in the morning. It was not bad, a selection of pastries, bagels, fruit salad and cereal, all of which was very nice, but the limited selection got a bit boring after the first few days. You also had to eat it in the lobby area, which again was a pleasant area, but didn't really seem like the right place to be eating breakfast (tables were not laid for breakfast, and on a few occasions we couldn't even get a table). Think this may have been because the hotel restaurant (Barna) had recently closed down, and suspect that this would have been where breakfast was previously prepared and served. This also meant that there was no bar in the hotel (though if you don't mind only drinking wine, then the free cheese and wine makes up for this)Overall this is a great little hotel, walking distance from all midtown attractions, several good restaurants, and the gorgeous Madison Square Park (try the shake shack there for brilliant burgers and hotdogs). I would definitely stay here again. Advisable to book via the hotels website, as they do a number of offers, including discount if you book early.	
Feb 17 2009 	You deserve your own balcony in Manhattan	If you're looking for a swell place to stay in the Flatiron district, you can't go wrong with the Hotel Giraffe. Nice location, at the corner of Park and 26th. Extraordinarily friendly and helpful staff (is this my New York?). Lovely rooms and each, as best I can tell, with its own French-doored balcony. Good continental breakfast is included, with bagels, muffins, croissant, fruit (whole and fresh-cut), cereal, oatmeal, etc. Excellent coffee available all around the clock--push a button and out pours a fresh cappuccino, latte, whatever. Wine and champage reception in the evenings. All this is included in the price. One of the very nicest places we've stayed in Manhattan.	
Feb 8 2009 	Loved Hotel Giraffe!	My husband and I spent a long weekend at Hotel Giraffe and loved it. Great location just below midtown with subways less than a block away. Hotel is small and intimate - service was excellent, everyone was very friendly and accomodating. Rooms were very nice - small as is the case in NYC, well appointed, clean - one cool feature was the automated shade that was controlled by a switch next to the bed. There was a free wine and cheese reception every night from 5 -7 or so and breakfast was free as well (yummy bagels)...We made both of these part of our daily routine. We would've given the Hotel Giraffe a 5-star rating had the bed been a bit more comfortable. However, we really enjoyed our stay there and are already looking at returning in the spring or summer.	
Feb 2 2009 	Will definately stay again	I was in NYC for a party and picked this placed based on location. I was pleasantly surprised at how nice it is! They have a wine and cheese reception in the evenings and breakfast in the morning included. Parking was only $38/24 hrs for my huge SUV. (for a reg. sized car it is $28). I lived in NYC for 5 years and have gone back many times since and this is a fantastic value for the city! That is some dirt cheap parking for there.The staff was also very helpful and courteous. I have stayed in some of the large chain hotels in midtown in the past, but never again! This is my new favorite hotel in NYC.	
Feb 2 2009 	Excellent service 	My husband &amp; I got engaged at the Giraffe 8 years before. We were returning to celebrate my bday &amp; the anniversary of our engagement. I mentioned this when booking the room and was told we'd be upgraded to a gorgeous suite for the same price. They also sent us champagne &amp; chocolates. We plan to make this an annual tradition.	
Feb 2 2009 	Perfect choice for a NYC visit for the price	My wife and I stayed for 2 nights and the hotel was perfect for budget-minded and discerning people like us. Tasteful modern decor, standard room layout, nothing fancy, everything in good working order, good amenities (tv, cd, and dvd in room, gym privileges 3 blocks away), basic comfortable lounge with fresh simple continental breakfast, always pleasant staff. Big plus was wine and cheese every evening 6-8 pm!!!	
Jan 31 2009 	Quirky	We weren't sure what we were in for, with a name like that. The website though painted a very different picture, it wasnt what I expected. The hotel is centrally located, it was great for me in that respect coz I had a number of meetings around NY and it didnt take me too long to get anywhere from Giraffe. The staff was very rude and uppity, esp the help desk, though the guys who came in for room service were good and prompt. the net access was speedy, too. we were supposed to be checked in for a week but there was a mess up in the bookings and we had to be shifted to another floor for the last two days that we were there. terrible room, that and we asked them to shift us, which took a while. given that it was their fault, they were quite rude and wanted us to shift out of our present room even when our next room wasnt confirmed. so we were supposed to sit in the lobby with all our luggage while their other guests took time to get out. Not sure if they would have done that with an American guest but we made a scene and they backed off then. Another time, the cleaning lady cheerfully let herself in while we were in the room sleeping. there were collective screams from both sides and we were glad we had only just been sleeping. Except for the location, nothing much else to recommend. except the name, perhaps. quirky enough to get you in through the front door. after that? best of luck.	
Jan 29 2009 	Hotel Giraffe	We have stayed at the Giraffe about 5 times and have always been very pleased. The rooms are quiet, clean and of a decent size. The staff is helpful and nice. The lobby is very comfortable to hang out in (cancelled flight) and their complimentary breakfast in the AM and cheese and crackers in the PM a real bonus for us trying to save money with a small business.. The location is convenient (Park Ave. goes both directions!) safe, walking friendly, and there are lots of restaurants in the area. The prices have always been fair although we are always there on weekdays when the prices are higher on those days which I find super annoying.	
Jan 29 2009 	Doubt you can beat this for value in midtown Manhattan: highly recommended	My partner and I stayed in a deluxe room for two nights, while visiting NYC for a friend's 40th. We travel a lot and are pretty demanding about the places we stay, and are pleased to say we found it pretty much impossible to fault this hotel. Above all, it's outstanding value: you get real quality and friendly service, for what's a relatively low cost for midtown Manhattan.We were particularly impressed by the comfortable, enormous bed, and by the well-equipped bathroom. The deluxe room had a small living room area included, which added to the sense of space, and is worth paying a little bit extra for. The bathroom was of a very high standard - nothing to write home about, but had everything you'd want while away from home.Check in and check out were extremely efficient and friendly, the free breakfast was simple but perfectly adequate, and the common areas in very good condition.All in, it's hard to fault this hotel. It may not win any awards for originality or being out there, but nevertheless it's very very comfortable, and we recommend it highly.	
Jan 29 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!!!!	My husband and I stayed here last weekend. It was wonderful. The staff could not be any more pleasant. The room was not closet sized and it was meticulous. we had our own balcony. there is a beautiful terrace upstairs but it was just too cold. We loved the location! the overnight valet parking at $28 a night was very reasonable. they have a free wine and cheese reception and free breakfast on the weekends. Overall this was one of the best hotels I have stayed in NY!	
Jan 28 2009 	Best small hotel in NYC!	We travel to New York 4 or 5 times a year and like to stay in the Gramercy Park area (our daughter lives there). We've stayed a number of times at the Gramercy Park Hotel and the W . Both are more costly than the Giraffe. (Gramercy Park Hotel is significantly more expensive). Both are swank with nice-to-great bars, but when it comes to the actual rooms, neither can compare with the Giraffe. The building is NEW, not a renovated old building. The rooms are extremely well designed. Sufficiently large with clean, new, well-thought-out interiors. Very classy and luxurious and (very important) great drawer space. Large windows. Great bathroom. Can't say that about either of the other 2 hotels. Breakfast is included, which is great. If you want the Gramercy Park/Union Square /Chelsea area, this is by far the best hotel in the neighborhood. Even though we prefer the location of Gramercy Park Hotel, we'll never stay anywhere but the Giraffe from now own. It's worth the short walk to stay in such a clean, new, well designed hotel - incredibly reasonably priced.	
Jan 27 2009 	Staff could not have been kinder	I went to New York to visit my daughter for her birthday and needed a hotel close to her apartment. My daughter told me Hotel Giraffe was close so I booked it and could not have been more pleased. I stayed there with another friend and we were both very impressed with everything. The staff was so kind all the way from the doorman to the front desk to housekeeping. The wine and cheese is a nice extra but we really enjoyed the breakfast and what was served. The rooms are great but we could have used a little more light. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was a nice size. As you can tell we really enjoyed it and would definetly go back.	
Jan 26 2009 	The Giraffe is simply the best boutique hotel in New York.	This is our second year at the Giraffe in January, and it is simply the best boutique hotel in New York. Extraordinary level of personal service throughout the staff: each member goes far beyond the norm to provide personal, friendly, by name assistance. No haughtiness or attitude, just premiere service.Beautifully appointed, thoughtfully designed, exquisite architecture, top shelf amenities. If only all travel experiences could be this positive. From a complimentary cocktail hour accompanied by a brilliant pianist, to a lovely continental and also complimentary breakfast, this is where you want to be.	
Jan 26 2009	Great experience at the Hotel Giraffe	Reasonable rates combined with very friendly staff, very nice rooms, complimentary breakfast buffet, and complementary evening cocktail hour with wine and appetizers. Many great restaurants in the immediate area. We really enjoyed it.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great hotel with great staff	Just returned from a weekend stay at the Hotel Giraffe with 4 other couples. Rooms are great but it is the staff at the hotel who are terrific. Staff were friendly, informed and went out of their way to be helpful. We really enjoyed hanging out in the lobby at breaksfast and the evening wine and cheese reception. Highly recommend. Can't wait to come back...Hopefully in warmer weather to enjoy the rooftop lounge.	
Jan 25 2009 	Perfect hotel in NYC	I go to NY every 3-4 months and have stayed at 10-12 hotels in all in the city. This is by far my favorite hotel in NY. A small hotel, very nicely located on Park Avenue. The rooms are very comfortable and updated, and some even have balconies. The staff is friendly and down to earth. And they have complementary internet access and breakfast. Great wine &amp; cheese receptions in the evening. Highly recommended.	
Jan 20 2009	We loved the Hotel Giraffe!	We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for 10 days while we were in New York awaiting the birth of our Grand-daughter. The location was great and our room was very comfortable and spacious. The staff was always pleasant and helpful. We would definitely return again.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great small hotel on Park South	What a great place to stay. European style breakfast buffet, wine and cheese at 5pm, and warm and friendly staff. This hotel is located near the Murray Hill district, on the south side and is very convienent to the subway (two short blocks) or easy to grab a cab if you choose. I will definatley stay there again. I have stayed at several of the hotels in the area and like this the best!	
Jan 18 2009 	Thank you for all the help	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights after Christmas. Both of us loved the hotel. The staff was very helpful (we had some problems with our computer and our flights). If it hadn't been for the very professional staff we would have missed our flight to Miami, so thank you very much for all the help. The hotel itself was great, the room was clean and quiet. We loved the location, it was close enough to walk to some of the major attractions.	
Jan 12 2009	Happy Stay	The last week of 2008 we stayed at the Giraffe to spend our 10th anniversary: we had a very happy stay. Though our room was not as beautiful as the pictures on the internet promised us, we had actually nothing to complain about. Our room was spacious, clean and equipped with an excellent bed. The hotel staff was friendly and helpfull. Breakfast was abundant. The hotel location perfect. A stay at the Giraffe is highly recommendable.	
Jan 11 2009 	Christmas and an engagement...	Looking for a great way to capture some of the Christmas season spirit and a way to surprise my girlfriend, I took advantage of low cost shuttle tickets from DCA-LGA to hit the City for some shopping and Nutcracker tickets. From TripAdvisor- I selected Hotel Giraffe.Location: 27th and Park is a great location. Not on the main path, but really is a good walking location for the major attractions. Cabs were always available when we looked for them, and if you needed the staff- the doorman easily tracks a cab down for one.First impression: Newer construction. Extremely nice art decco look when you walk in. No major signs of wear and tear. Doorman was more than eager to assist. Front desk was able to check us in early due to room availability. Staff was very friendly and consistent. Room: Having worked in the city previously- and staying in the boutique or unique hotels, the room (minisuite) was very spacious, superb high ceilings- and over all way bigger than most NYC properties. The bed was comfortable. Pillows--if you don't like the down pillows and need a bit more substance to a pillow...ask to see what they have. We did not know until too late. Linens were great. Towels- nice! I personally like the small architectural details in the rooms- hospital track for the shower curtain, the wave glass pocket doors...It is fair to say- our room looked like the website and met all of our expectations.Staff: Cleaning/Maintenance people were super efficient and omnipresent. Never in the forefront- they were none the less out and about performing. Front Desk-super friendly. Concierge like questions handled efficiently without too many recommendations that were really tied into marketing relations! That is a nice thing. The staff does read their email if you have a special need or comment. Use that- for they are really responsive. They took note of my comment about the pending engagement and made sure to ask how all went that night. Thank you!Club: The club had a long line of patrons after 11:00 pm- looked like it was just starting to crank when we returned. Did not use, but looked like a nice dressed crowd.Breakfast: Couple of comments from others I agree with- we were running late, had about 15-20 minutes before hours were done. I came down to grab a bite for us to take up. The morning crew was busy already beginning their break-down so pickings were slim, and it was a bit of an inquisition to get some silverware and cream cheese to take upstairs to everyone getting ready for check-out and the Nutcracker. Concierge Service recommendation for dinner: Many thanks to the crew for recommending Primehouse. Part of the BRGuest chain, the steakhouse is located on 26th...it was one of the best steaks that we've had in some time.And yes- Hotel Giraffe was part of our engagement...after shopping all day, we came back cleaned up (and I slipped the ring into my coat). We took a leisurely 5 minute walk over to the Empire State Building- shot up to the 102d floor...and with just my son, my &quot;fiancee&quot; and the guard- I used the sights and night to propose.Lasting impressions: Hotel Giraffe- great place. Will always think back fondly- and shall return. Look for the right price and your value far exceeds the nightly fee. It is a welcome change to the usual big chains that us corporate road warriors have to stay in.	
Jan 8 2009 	love hotel giraffe	We stayed here for four nights over new year with our two kids. We loved the hotel and thought it was great value for money for a city centre hotel.We had a family room with two double beds, nice furnishings and a small balcony looking out to the street ,flat screen tv and ipod docking station and nice bathroom and shower.Breakfasts were fine, help yourself in the lobby, nice bagels and cream cheese, fruits and pastries. The wine and cheese was also a nice touch after coming in from a busy day sight seeing, just what was needed. My only gripe though, was that the lady serving the wine told my daughter off for taking too many olives. She was told to save some 'for the guests' which I thought was rich, what are we if not guests? This lady would also stand there munching all the crisps and nuts!!! Not the best.For me the best thing about the hotel was the helpfull staff on the desk. There was one girl in the mornings who was just great, booked restaurants for us and had some good recommendations, nothing was too much trouble for her, a big thumbs up to her. She even let us in to the back office to check in on line for our flights, when we couldn't get on the computer in the lobby.Lots of nice restaurants just around the block, our favorite was Tabla...modern indian tapas, eat down stairs in the more informal setting, the food is just great.Would definately return.	
Jan 3 2009	Great Trip	The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The accommodations were lovely and the location was excellent. It is an intimate place and offers a nice respite from busy days exploring the city.	
Jan 2 2009	definitely above average!	we had a really nice stay at the giraffe over christmas and new year's eve. so here our results:- the sheets and towels were changed every (!) day, rooms were cleaned once and were picked up by the room service repeatedly (!). we first wondered, why the room service knocked on the door at 20.00 in the evening, but so far so cool. we found our room always tidy, its a very clean hotel. ah, for all the persons, who moan about the noise from the street, come on you guys, you're nearly right in the middle of manhatten, not on the county side! ok, the windows may not be enough isolated, but i mean ... yeah.- the room was big enough for us both, eh had lots of space to put our stuff all over the room, but is was really col in the rooms! when we tarted the A/C it was war for a few minutes, and than chilling cold again. we always were under the blanket, when we wanted to stay alittle longer in the room.they really should check better alternatives, like real radiators,i know thats expencive to restore everything, but i'm shure it's worth it!- the breakfast is not european/continental as mentioned on the website. its more a small but fine assortment of very fresh bagels, fresh pastry, fresh fruit salad, fresh juices – so enough for starting up your day.BUT:i don't like when people watch me, while i'm putting stuff on my plate, i felt a bit observed by the girls at the breakfast desk. i don't need that kind of attention. instead of making me feel greedy, put a little smile on your face, while you're asking me for a cup of tea or coffe, that makes me feel more comfortable.during the day you can always help youself with the coffemachine behind the &quot;bar&quot;/breakfastdesk, make some tea etc.- the cheese and wine reception in the evenig was really cool, we liked the cheese and also the wine, its not low quality cheese, like some other rewievers say, its quite ok! and hey, its for free, the hotel is not forced, to serve you things for free, so be appreciate it, or go elsewhere, to eat your N°1 cheese.BUT:the young woman serving at the cheese and wine reception, was obviously very nerved of serving all these &quot;rich, arrogant, greedy&quot; hotelguests. she had an attitude, i must say, yeah, here again, put a smile on your face, do your job, and don't make the person you serve uncomfortble.for example, i took a peace of cheese while she was preparing the stuff on the desk, she wasn't finished, there where also other guests. she said &quot;could you please start eating, when i finished putting all the things on the desk?&quot;. no &quot;hello, but ...&quot;, no &quot;sorry, but ...&quot; no &quot;excuse me, but ...&quot;. i mean, hello, what difference makes it, if i take the peace of cheese now or later?? i think this little lady is too unprofesssional for serving people in a 4**** hotel like the giraffe, i'm sorry to say that.however, the stay in general was really cool, i can recommend it to everybody who does not expect a waldorf-astoria, just because of its high room prices.work a bit more on your stuff, maybe bit more mature and experienced people would do the whole experience better ...regards, nelly	
Jan 2 2009 	Very happy with it	It seems to be pricey in Manhattan, and you can spend quite a lot for a pretty rubbish place. We were really happy with Hotel Giraffe - good service if a little formal/trying to be posh, but not anonymous like a hotel chain - it's not got too many rooms. So it's not dead cheap, but it's really good. Location is great - right near subway and on the bus route. Loads of food options nearby - although this is probably true in most places in New York I guess.We were travelling with a broken foot collected in the Catskills (nice) and they organised a wheelchair to be delivered for us, let us book theatre tickets over the lobby phone to ensure we got a wheelchair-friendly seat etc - which was great. Free wine and cheese &amp; biscuits every evening also which was a nice touch. Room was good with a DVD player etc.One slight downside - the road could be quite noisy in the early morning (4am?) as the rubbish was collected, but this is more a comment on packed-in cities like New York than the hotel.	
Jan 2 2009 	Great at the Giraffe	We have just returned from our Christmas trip to New York and our stay at the Giraffe Hotel helped to make it a wonderful trip.The staff were so helpful and welcoming, they really couldn't do enough for us. The Hotel offers great accomodation and we were extremely comfortable there. As we were visiting family it really helped that the Hotel staff were so obliging to our family visitors when they came over to the Hotel, especially warming bottles for our Grandson!The Hotel location is a great base from which to walk to all the major attractions, which was important to us as we love walking. Although it isn't a cheap place to stay it gives excellent value for money and we have no hesitation in recommending the Giraffe to visitors to New York.	
Dec 30 2008 	gracious hotel	Visiting NYC for the holidays to spend time with friends, shop, dine and enjoy theater, we were able to do all within walking distance. Away from the congestion of midtown, yet on beautiful Park Avenue in Grammercy, the Hotel Giraffe has a stunning lobby ,wonderful breakfast and architecturally detailed rooms with every amentity. Throughout our 3-day weekend we experienced warmth and professional courtesy from every member of the staff, making our stay delightful!	
Dec 27 2008 	Excellent for Valentine's	While I stayed at the Giraffe over the holidays, an idea hit me: This is an excellent romantic escape. If you're thinking about NYC for Valentine's Day or any couples getaway, this is the perfect place to stay. From refurbished, spacious, comfortable rooms to a relaxing lounge where fine wine and foods are served, the Giraffe will make your visit beyond memorable. I am a writer working on a New York City series and the Giraffe will be featured in it. Look for my series in early 2009 on http://www.menstraveler.com.	
Dec 27 2008 	I'll be back!	I just returned from a solo trip to New York to spend Christmas with my sisters. I'm not fond of traveling alone and I really like spending Christmas at home but...My stay at the Hotel Giraffe was truly great. From the moment I checked in after a tough travel day from the west coast until my 5:30 am check-out, I felt right at home.The staff was friendly and gracious from the front desk and bell-staff , to the lovely women who served at the morning breakfast bar (which was grand), to housekeeping. The room was lovely and the amenities were just what you would expect in a fine, well-run establishment.Thank you Hotel Giraffe! I'll be back in New York often to visit my sister and my home there will be your hotel!	
Dec 27 2008 	Mostly lovely!	We have just got back from a 3 night Xmas break at The Hotel Giraffe. I spent far too much time looking into the 'perfect' place to stay with our 18 month old little girl. Wanted it to be that extra bit special. It was important that we got a one bedroom suite (Separate lounge and bedroom) and they are not so easy to come by in New York, without paying a small fortune, especially if you want the quality too. Not that the Giraffe is at all cheap but you expect to pay a bit for a quality Hotel in NY. The lady who answered my initial reservation enquiries was very efficient and helpful, via email. Always responding quickly to my requests. So a good first impression was made. We were recc a good place to eat on Christmas day. Turned out to be great so thanks for that.When we arrived early our room was ready which was great. Allowing us to check in at 1pm was most appreciated. The room although very dark was comfortable and the extras such as robes,bottled water, toiletries and even an umbrella in the closet! Added a nice touch. Shame we forgot the ipod as there was a dock in the bedroom. Rooms very clean. Cold on a evening and found it difficult to get the right temp and noisy a/c. Not noisy from outside though, guess it depends where your room is located in the Hotel. Good spacious bathrooms, although not so keen on see through doors! Possibly done to help with light. Not so good if you are on the shy side....Breakfast was fresh and more than enough. Disappointed there were no highchairs in the Hotel. Spent a lot of time chasing our little sweetheart around the lobby with a croissant (Hopefully not irritating other Guests!)The complimentary wine on an evening was very welcomed.The lovely lady playing the piano was very sweet to our little girl, thank you, it really made us feel more relaxed.One of our gripes is that it didnt feel very Christmas like in the Hotel. We had really wanted it to be special with been away from home, and expected it to have more of an atmosphere. Felt it lacked something. Guess we would still have this opinion if it wasnt Christmas, too.A Christmas tree in the lobby would have been nice. Don't expect the staff to break out into 'Jingle bells' when we enter the lobby, but a little cheer would not have gone a miss.Don't get us wrong most of the staff were friendly (Jose and the other guys on the door were very courteous, nothing too much trouble) Unfortunately a couple of others on reception lacked the same enthusiasm, which let it down really. A few more smiles would have been nice.When we come back to NY we will most likely try somewhere else, but we'd definately say to give Hotel Giraffe a try. Some nice touches/extras, make it overall a good place to stay.	
Dec 8 2008 	highly recommend	I've stayed at this hotel four or five times now. The service is excellent, and the accomodations are quite lovely. Can't beat the convenient location, as it is very near the subway with lots of taxis and busses. A light breakfast is included in your stay in the lobby, or for an extra $5 you can have it delivered to your room. The staff is very friendly. This review was written by a demanding sophisticated traveler, and ex New Yorker.	
Dec 4 2008	Great Service	I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe over Thanksgiving weekend with family to see other family and friends. The service was excellent: friendly and accommodating. Free access to the nearby (three blocks) New York Sports Club was most appreciated. And complimentary wine and hors d'oeuvres every evening in the lobby are not to be missed. One word of warning: avoid the paella at Barna, the restaurant in the basement! Kind of amateurish.	
Dec 4 2008 	Do toilet rolls really need a ribbon?	The Hotel Giraffe stands out from the sort of anonymous chain hotels so usually found in the middle of major cities. The service is efficient and courteous without being sycophantic. The rooms, although they're the typical box-shape, are comfortable and roomy enough. The facilities are to the standard you'd expect for a upper-range hotel. The location is superb, a few minutes' walk from the Empire State Building, but the stretch of Park Avenue is safe and comparitively quiet (but that's still noisy to anyone not used to the 24 hour roar of a city). We could have lived without some of the so-called luxury touches like the ribbon around the toilet roll, and the only way to access the Cable TV decoder was to keep the cupboard door open, which was so wrong. But overall we enjoyed our stay here. It wasn't the most exciting, glamorous or stylish hotel we've ever stayed in, but it was an ideal place to stay for a holiday in central Manhattan.	
Dec 3 2008 	Top location	My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel Giraffe over Thanksgiving weekend. The hotel is in a fantastic location and within easy walking distance to key sights such as the Empire State Building, Fifth Avenue and Grand Central Station. The staff are very friendly and helpful, and are happy to research information on attractions, bars and restaurants.The roof terrace would be great in summer but the views aren't spectacular.The cheese and wine offered is average. There is only 1 white and 1 red to pick from so you can't be fussy. The cheese is bland and low quality, not up to scratch if you like your European cheeses.I would definitely stay here again, but would also research other hotels.	
Dec 2 2008	Awesome!	We recently spent a wonderful Thanksgiving weekend at the Hotel Giraffe. The staff and service make this hotel a winner. Last year, we stayed at a larger chain hotel and there is no comparison to the level of attention and customer satisfaction the Hotel Giraffe offers. The best recommendation is knowing that this is my hotel of choice when I return to New York next year.	
Dec 1 2008 	When you want nothing but the best!	I have been staying at Hotel Giraffe for the past 8 years and it only keeps gettting better and better. This hotel is more like your private apartment in the city!The staff knows your name and the atmosphere is so calm and relaxing in the heart of the bustling city.Hotel Giraffe is the city's best kept secret......I will be back!!John PerezHouston, Texas	
Nov 30 2008 	Great location great hotel.	Loved this hotel. It is nice, clean, and comfortable. The French doors leading to the little balcony are a wonderful touch, and also they make the room nice and bright. (I also loved the switch-operated screens for the blinds at night). It is quiet at night (other than the occasional sirens from police etc which I imagine are unescapable anywhere in the city), and much more tranquil an area than Times Square, for example (read: you can go out but when you go home to bed, you actually get to sleep).The room was an oasis after walking all over the city. The location is amazing. Go uptown and shop or see museums. Walk right out the door and Madison Square Park is a block away and shops not much further. Go downtown and wander. The service was very good, although a few more smiles would be nice.The breakfast was simple but really just what you need to get your day started.We would definitely go again.Of note, I booked through the hotel website and got a deal. Look at the packages, you can do better sometimes.	
Nov 27 2008 	Wonderful stay	We have just returned from a 4 night stay and had a wonderful time. My husband and I took our 2 sons aged 19and 22 and we booked a double, double which was a fair size. I requested a high floor and we got a room on the 11th floor.. It was a birthday celebration and wine and chocolates were left which was a nice touch on arrival. We found the hotel to be very relaxed and comfortable and most of the staff to be very helpful, we would definately stay here on our next visit and would highly recommend it.	
Nov 25 2008	A Superb Experience	We just spent 4 nights at Hotel Giraffe. From check in to check out, every element of our stay was superb. Extremely well trained and attentive staff. Very helpful with restaurant recommendations, directions and every detail of our stay. A Great value through their 21 day advance booking at a discount plan. The rooms are beautiful, maintained as if new yesterday, and serviced very nicely each morning and with turn down service each night. A nice quiet location away from the traffic and noise of Midtown, but extremely convenient to everything, whether by cab or subway.Would recommend to anyone who wants to enjoy a truely boutique atmosphere!	
Nov 14 2008 	Taxi !! To City Hall please - we're getting married !!	Went to NY in September to get married and Giraffe certainly met our expectations.Very helpful staff sorted out our baggage on arrival as we were too early to check in to our room and needed to get to City Hall straight away to get our marriage licence. Room was superb – plenty of space, clean and tastefully decorated and furnished. We did have a balcony which you could just about stand on but only a view of 26th Street. Had I known beforehand I would have requested similar type of room on Park Avenue or not bothered with balcony at all. Staff continued to be helpful throughout our stay, not that we wanted for much, advising the best place to buy the wedding bouquet, sorting out the taxi to Central Hall on our wedding day, etc.We did use the roof top bar one evening but a bit disappointed – very small and when we were there full of very loud, brash, drunken office workers. Many previous reviewers have mentioned the cheese and wine evenings which certainly went down well after days out and before hitting the bars and restaurants in the evenings. However not sure how happy they were about people serving themselves drinks but unavoidable as waiting staff would often disappear. Tried out several local bars – favourites include Pete’s Tavern,129, East 18th Street and Molly’s Pub, 287, Third Avenue. Only let down was 230 Fifth, 230 Fifth Avenue -boasts spectacular views of the Manhattan Skyline. The picture of the view must be taken from a point above the drinking area as once you sit down your view is blocked by bamboo screens and service appalling – we gave up waiting. Only slight glitch was at the end of our stay when our bill included several items charged to our mini bar even though we hadn’t had anything from there – in fact the door to it was so stiff I thought I had broken it the one time I did open it. However this was resolved although no explanation as to how this could have happened. In all we would certainly recommend the hotel and are already considering it as the venue for our first anniversary next year.	
Nov 11 2008 	Wonderful hotel...again	My husband and I had previously had a wonderful stay at Hotel Giraffe in 2006 and so when I planned to take my mother for a birthday trip to NYC I didnt hesitate to book into the Hotel Giraffe again.We had a Exec double which was perfect as it had 2 double beds and the room had plenty of space and a lovely bathroom. The beds were really comfortable.The hotel is spotlessly clean in all areas. The hotel is lovely as it is quite small and personal but the service is never intrusive. The breakfast served in the lobby is lovely and the perfect start to a day sightseeing in NYC.I think my favourite thing about the hotel is how relaxed and calm it is - sometimes New York gets quite hectic and it really did feel nice to come back to the tranquil peace of the hotel giraffe to chill out.The location is also perfect as it is literally 1 minute walk from the 6 subway route and so really easy to get everywhere in the city. There are also some lovely restaurant on the block which are really handy if you dont feel like getting a cab anywhere.Try Dos Caminos for a great, and busy mexican right next door Blue Smoke for a truely american rib experience ( just round corner on 27th)Brilliant hotel and would never consider staying anywhere else in NYC.	
Nov 11 2008 	Best of Gramercy	This hotel is as wonderful as Gramercy Park hotel was terrible.We stayed here for a medical conference and didn't want to be at the large hotel near Grand Central.Hotel Giraffe staff, service, rooms, cleanliness, breakfast, all top notch. Lobby relaxed and comfortable to visit with guests, room was spacious with balcony. Everything perfect in a great location near lots of fun restaurants and easy access to Times Square or the Village.Carol Colitti Levine	
Nov 4 2008 	Wonderful!	We stayed for one week at the Giraffe and I cannot praise it enough. We had a deluxe room with 2 double beds for our family of 4 (including 2 teenage daughters). Room was very attractive and of a decent size. Particularly liked the electronic blinds - it was great first thing in the morning to lazily press a button by the bed and with a clunk clunk, the blinds lifted to reveal New York. It felt like being in a James Bond film. The room also had a balcony which must be quite rare in the city. Every evening we came back after a busy day to find music playing softly and the beds turned down with chocolates left on the pillows.Initially when we arrived I wasn't that keen on the look of the main lounge area, I think it needed some softer lighting with table lamps. Although in the morning it was bustling and jolly with guests at breakfast. We thought the breakfast was exceptionally good. Wonderfully fresh food, including bagels, croissants, rolls, fresh fruit salad, cereals and yogurts - daily papers to read too. The lounge had a lovely informal feel to it in the mornings.Most evenings we made use of the complimentary wine and cheese. We tried to make an effort for this as New York can be so exhausting that it was great to get back and relax with a glass or 2 of prosecco before heading out to dinner. A pianist playing on a grand piano too.Location wise, we thought it was perfect as it is just a couple of blocks away in either direction to the subways on 23rd or 28th street, and only 2 stops to Grand Central Station, with just one change from there to Times Square.Even though the reception desk is very small, we found the staff to be very courteous and helpful. They were only too happy to telephone various tours we wanted to be booked on.One of the highlights of our trip was to see the New York Knicks playing at Madison Square Garden. A real showbiz/sporty extravaganza! Only about 20 minutes to walk back to hotel afterwards.Grand Central Station also just has to be seen - it is spectacular. The food market inside is a rival for the food hall at Harrods.Empire State Building - go up in late evening. We went at 11pm (closes at 2am) and there were no queues. Wonderful night time vista.Take a 2 hour bike tour of Central Park to see all the best bits.Get half price tickets for most of the shows at TKTS in Times Square. Opens at 2 pm.Ellen Stardust Diner in Times Square for singing waiting staff. Loved it. Food is extremely ordinary, but you don't go for the food!Did about 4 main sights every day, so the relaxing drink back at the hotel was very welcome.Back to the Giraffe. Do not think we could have found a better hotel. Loved it (and I am quite hard to please!)	
Nov 2 2008 	Disappointing and over priced	My wife and I recently (end Oct 2008) stayed at the Giraffe for three nights - in short don't believe the hype on this page (some of it is I believe written by the hotel itself) - it is a perfectly ok place to stay but for what it is the hotel is expensive - it is not a &quot;boutique hotel&quot; or luxurious although it tries to claim it is - it is in fact rather worn/tired with some of the staff being pretty indifferent to the concept of customer service - you would be just as well off in a holiday inn or similar such place for a lot less money. There are some genuinely smart boutique hotles in NYC - this is not one of them.	
Oct 20 2008 	Down with chain hotels try the Hotel Giraffe instead	The Hotel Giraffe is very nice and more personal than one of the chain hotels. The breakfast is just right, fresh fruit and bagels, and wine and cheese every evening is a nice after-shopping treat. I liked the decor of our room, which was pretty spacious for NYC. I give it a thumbs up.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great location	We booked this hotel for a 3 night stay for 4 of us (myself,hubby and 2 daughters aged 18 &amp; 20).We shared a double, double room which was easily big enough. Good sized bathroom with used toiletries replaced daily.Spotlessly clean, comfortable beds.Good breakfast and wine and cheese provided early evening(although we were never back in time for it). Great location - we walked to Central Park, Times Square and everywhere in between! Staff very helpful an pleasant. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 19 2008 	Midwestern Charm in NYC	I had heard good things from friends about the Hotel Giraffe and its reputation is well earned. It's a little pricey, but they do so much extra for the guests that you feel like they really appreciate your business. Check in was simple. When we arrived there was a complimentary wine and cheese assortment with live music. In the very busy NYC, this was such a relaxing break. The room was very beautifully decorated and extremely comfortable. The breakfast, included in the rate, is another amenity that makes hectic NYC so much easier to manage. The location at 26th and Park can't be beat. I highly recommend this hotel and will gladly return again in the future.	
Oct 19 2008 	Continue to maintain high standard	This was our fourth stay at this hotel, stretching over a number of years, and we were impressed by how they have consistently kept their high standards. Service is excellent - staff is helpful, pleasant and informed. The hotel is very well maintained, which is often not the case with boutique properties. An inviting, comfortable place to stay!	
Oct 14 2008 	Hotel Giraffe is a gem!	I'm a New Yorker who was looking for a short getaway in my own city. I found it at the Hotel Giraffe. The location is close to the subway and central to many parts of the city, including Greenwich Village, which I wanted to explore. The hotel room size was ample with nice amenities, including robes and flat screen tvs. I loved the lobby with its comfortable seating; a great location for the complimentary breakfast. I'd like to return in the summer and spend more time at the rooftop seating area, which also looked relaxed and comfortable.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great Little Boutique Hotel	This is a great little hotel in a non tourist location. The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful. They offered a breakfast in the lobby that was just right and a wonderful wine and cheese reception at 5 daily. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. It is conveniently located close to the subway and numerous restaurants and shops. There is a wonderful city park (Madison Square Park) just one block to the west that was a great place for our 7 year old daughter to play. We really enjoyed our stay there and wouldn't hesitate to go back.	
Oct 5 2008 	Absolutely Perfect!	I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough! We chose the hotel to celebrate my birthday and also to spend our first trip to New York. We were looking for something central, but also out of the main tourist areas, and with a certain uniqueness. The hotel was perfect on all counts. We found the staff to be excellent, nothing was too much trouble, and they helped make my birthday very special. The room was gorgeous and comfortable, we had a view all the way down Park Avenue South from our balcony, the cheese and wine was great and we found the location to be perfect - there are several great restaurants nearby - A Voce and Dos Caminos - and a subway stop a couple of minutes walk away. The hotel was everything we were looking for. We would definitely stay here again and have recommended it to all of our friends already!	
Sep 28 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Giraffe	We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe in Sept 08 as our last fling before our baby arrives, and had a fantastic time. The room itself was spacious and had a cute balcony to watch the world go by. The bed was comfy with a selection of pillows, the bathroom was clean and well stocked. It was the little touches that made it special though - robes and slippers, luxurious toiletries, complimentary bottles of water, and an iHome dock so we could play our own music. We were on the 11th floor which is definitely recommended as the street noise can get loud.The staff were always very efficient and polite, and so helpful with information and taxi-catching. The continental breakfast was fresh and a real treat, and the wine and cheese evenings were a lovely way of unwinding after a hard day's shopping. The Barna roof terrace was also a fine place to have a cocktail before heading out for the evening (and the tapas was delicious here too). Room service is from the Barna restaurant downstairs and was quick and plentiful.The hotel is located in a great neighbourhood - great restaurants and bars to suit all tastes and styles, close to the subway and it was very easy to grab a cab on Park Ave. Madison Square Park is only a short block away and we had a lovely few hours with a picnic there - just pick up some take out on 23rd street and enjoy the greenery and calm for a while.In all, a fab hotel and a great location - highly recommended!	
Sep 19 2008 	Wow What a Great Escape!	Usually my business trips leave me in boring and uninspiring hotels, though this time around I splurged and went for something different. Different is what I got! The Giraffe was incredible! After a long day of dealing with unrelenting clients, Wine and Cheese available in the lounge was outstanding. The staff was helpful in helping my navigate my way around the city, even providing me a map and highlighting some must see spots for me. The room was beautifully appointed and very cushy, which I like. The only downside of my stay was that the room next to mine had a small child that was screaming two of my four nights. Babies cry, but by all means, stick a nipple in the poor kids mouth or something!All and all the stay was great. Im from LA, so dealing with Taxis was a bit off for me, but I got into the swing of things quickly.I will definatly be returning.	
Sep 18 2008 	Stick your neck out and try the Giraffe	This hotel is well located and very friendly. Between mid-town and Soho/Greenwich Village, the hotel is near several great restaurants within a short walk, and subway stops just a couple of blocks away on Park Avenue.Breakfast was fresh and basic--fruit and pastries and bagels--which my wife said were authentic New York style.Our room was quite nice, but we'd suggest avoiding the 12th floor where we stayed, as the outdoor bar goes well past midnight most nights, and there is a meeting room directly adjacent.Our tv was hard to figure out, but the staff helped us each time we were having problems. There is no business center, but there is a single computer in the lobby available first come first served.Rates were competitive. We would stay at the Giraffe again and recommend it to friends.	
Sep 18 2008	Perfect Choice	This was our first stay in a New York City hotel. The location was just what we needed, away from the Time Square crowd, yet close enough to things when walking, taking the subway, etc. The room was large by NY standards (I had been in town on business), the decor was fun, the staff attentive. The lobby was great with breakfast in the morning, all-hours espresso machine, wine/cheese/piano in the late afternoon. We had an issue with a too-soft bed that was resolved quickly. The only negatives were the spotty internet availability and that the staff could have been a bit more knowledgable about simple issues like the subway, tourist attractions, etc. Since it was too small to have a concierge, the people at the desk should have known a bit more. We would definitely stay there the next time.	
Sep 17 2008 	A great place in the chaos that is NEW YORK CITY!	After scouring the web for what seemed an eternity for somewhere to stay for my New York trip, I came across Hotel Giraffe. I was thrown by the name initially but after I checked out their site, I knew that this was the place I wanted to stay and, I wasn't disappointed. I had the deluxe queen room which was nice and spacious. A nice and clean bathroom (which I'm always a bit weary of) and attentive staff. The breakfast selection was enough to get you started on your day and the wine and cheese evenings were a perfect way to relax after a day on the streets before heading out to dinner. All in all, Hotel Giraffe added greatly to my New York experience and I would definately stay there again on my next visit.	
Sep 7 2008 	New Favorite Hotel	What a lovely hotel! Traveled with the 2 year old again and it went perfectly. The breakfast daily was so convenient, and one day when we woke up late Jasmine was kind enough to bring breakfast to our room! Desk staff were very helpful and patient! Love the neighborhood, not a fannypack in sight! Very clean room, spacious and well-appointed. Free internet was a bonus, too. I will definitely stay there again!	
Sep 4 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	What a great hotel. We can't wait to go back. Large well appointed room. Clean and comfortable. Breakfast great. Wine and cheese reception a great experience as well. Exceptionally friendly and helpful staff. Close to subway stops and other main attractions in NYC	
Aug 27 2008	Giraffe is a perfect New York perch.	I was in New York for five days to deliver my son to college. My sister came up from New Orleans so that we could have some fun in the city. The staff at Giraffe--mostly a group of very affable young men--were welcoming and helpful. Our double bedded room was BIG by New York standards, the furnishings were modern by warm, beds comfy and the bathroom very nice-sized with nice toiletries. Loved the bath robes. Really, really loved the fact that there was almost always a little something to drink or snack on in the lobby. Made it feel so comfortable and personal. Just a wonderful, easy place to be in New York.	
Aug 19 2008 	Giraffe a pleasant surprise in NYC	An excellent small hotel - room was lovely and very clean, maid service excellent, very nice breakfast in lobby which we took to rooftop patio, complimentary wine/cheese each late aft., staff were friendly and helpful. top floor is popular for weekend events so place can be busy but if you know this, no problem! handy to clothing shops nearby heading south on 5th ave.	
Aug 19 2008 	A wonderful stay at the Giraffe	Last weekend my family went for a quick trip to New York City. We were looking for somewhere nice but not too expensive to stay and the Giraffe exceeded all of our expectations. The service from everyone, particularly Jose, was outstanding; always present and eager to help but never intrusive. The rooms were gorgeous with nice amenities and plenty of room for 3 of us with two double beds. I really appreciated the amount of natural light during the day and then the shade that lowered at night to block out all of the lights of the city. It is not a huge room, but it served our purposes very well. The decor was simple and elegant. The beds are a little hard and the pillows were a little soft, but they do provide harder pillows in the closet. Once I used those the bed became very comfortable. The bathroom was also quite spacious for such a small room and I particularly appreciated the cloth they provided to wipe the steam off the mirrors after exiting the shower. I personally enjoyed the lobby area just to sit and read a book or enjoy a cup of coffee. It has plenty of natural light and high ceilings with classic decor and beautiful flower arrangements. It was a great setting for breakfast, afternoon tea and wine and cheese in the evening. The breakfast was your standard breakfast, but the coffee was good and everything was always fresh. Wine and cheese in the evening was a great way to unwind after the day and before going out to dinner. If you are looking for a boutique hotel in New York with a wonderful location and exceptional service, the Giraffe is the place for you!	
Aug 18 2008 	Consistently Great	Second time at Hotel Giraffe was the same great experience as the first. We were celebrating a birthday and I had indicated this when I booked the room (on the hotel's site). A bottle of champagne was waiting on ice when we entered our room, compliments of the hotel. And chocolates! The wine in the evenings, breakfast in the morning, and warmth and helpfulness of the staff make up for any price difference above other Manhattan hotels- you just won't find this level of quality any cheaper. We loved the robes and slippers they have hanging in the closet. The staff was super helpful with directions on the subway system, restaurant picks (try Ray's pizza or Porchao just across the intersection), and recommendations for a night out. We will stay here again, without a doubt.	
Aug 13 2008 	Excllent smaller hotel in New York	We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for two nights and thoroughly enjoyed our experience. The staff was polite and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable, and the breakfast in the morning was wonderful. There were a few small holes in the sheets the first night which we thought was a bit shoddy, but the complimentary Prosecco which appeared in our room for our anniversary more than made up for it.	
Aug 11 2008 	Nice	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Giraffe this past weekend, it was a combination Birthday/Anniversary celebration. I noted that when I made the reservation, but unlike many of the other guests, we were not greeted with wine or chocolate in our room. I know that is a courtesy, but if you do it for one guest, you should really do it for all guests. The hotel is charming and as another reviewer added not a cookie cutter, chain hotel. We especially liked the complimentary wine and cheese evening reception. On Saturday we went to a 2:00 show and then checked into the hotel, it was so nice to have a few glasses of wine and a snack before heading off to a late dinner. The only thing disappointing was there wasn't a piano player when we were there. Unless he/she came after we had left.Anyway, the rooms are spacious and clean. I was pleasantly surprised that our room had a balcony overlooking the city. It was very romantic and beautiful. Of course the traffic was loud at night, but I have learned from experience to always travel with a fan for some &quot;white noise&quot;. So, it wasn't too bothersome. The beds weren't very comfortable, but I don't think that's uncommon in hotels, at least from my perspective. I think the decor could be kicked up a notch, but it was above average nonetheless. The continental breakfast was nice, but nothing fancy. The coffee was weak and the &quot;cappuccino/espresso&quot; machine was like something out of a convenience store and it either wasn't working well or just wasn't tasty. It was also very crowded and difficult to find a seat to eat in the morning, this was a little annoying, but we got over it.The staff was friendly and helpful. They held our bags and our car until after checkout so we could stay in the city longer, so that was nice.The one thing that was really great about the hotel was the rooftop bar. My husband and I headed up there after dinner to have a drink and it was a quaint/romantic place to relax before going back to our room.Overall I would recommend this hotel to a friend and would stay again in the future.	
Aug 7 2008 	Whats all the hype about?	OK took trip advisors recommendation....was not overly pleased. Did not care for the area. I asked for a room on a higher floor which I got but the hotel is so small you hear noise ALL NIGHT. Beds not to comfy. Otherwise ok clean rooms, breakfast is free and fresh (the bagels are really good!). Staff ok. Its was an OK stay not really worth the money though.	
Jul 29 2008 	Giraffe is Amazing	Years ago my husband stayed at Hotel Giraffe for two months on a work assignment and loved it, so this year when it came time for us to plan a trip to NYC to celebrate my birthday he recommended we choose the Giraffe. I am so glad he did. We had an incredible experience at this hotel over a 5 day period in July. The hotel is conveniently located in a great neighborhood, just a couple of blocks from the #6 subway train. We felt welcomed by the complimentary bottle of champagne and chocolates the staff placed in our room in honor of my birthday. We were also upgraded to a very comfortable suite with a balcony at no extra charge. The hotel lobby was a great place to relax each day. It featured a complimentary continental breakfast each morning and a happy hour each evening. The quality of the food and beverage options was very nice. The rooms were clean and the daily maid service was first rate. The hotel had a night club in the basement that got pretty crowded each night. The staff managed the crowd via a separate entrance so we never heard any of the club noise from within the hotel. In fact we would've never known they even had a club had someone in the hotel not mentioned it to us in passing. The only noise issue we had to solve was the street traffic noise coming through our 4th floor window at night, but we simply closed the thick fabric blinds before going to sleep and that solved the issue. This hotel was incredible - the personalized attention, the clean, spacious rooms, the modern decor, the amentities and the location. We will definitely be back!	
Jul 26 2008 	A mixed bag and a nice try	Hotel Giraffe really was like two different places. At night, the elevators were full of drunk, yelling hipsters and 20-something tourists (maybe they were guests) going to and from the rooftop bar. In the morning, at breakfast, it was mostly older folks--and I mean *older* older; I wondered if these people heard all the noise the night previous or whether it worked out fine because they couldn't hear that well. The place overall seemed to have a veneer of modernity and sophistication about it, but just under the surface was a lack of quality that broke the illusion. The rooms were nicely decorated, and efforts were made to lend upper-end feel, but look closely at the details--a plain institutional box of tissue, an unwrapped roll of toilet paper, creaky old air con units--and it tells the story. This kind of &quot;playing at being a hip hotel&quot; theme persisted elsewhere too: desk staff whose suits didn't fit quite right making strained efforts at cordiality, but clearly not paying attention to guests or very practiced in their jobs; breakfast staff standing by to pour each guest a cup of coffee at the bar, but then disappearing for minutes at a time requiring me to serve myself (I didn't mind, it was just awkward since they had this stand-by-to-serve thing going on before). Overall, I guess the impression is &quot;nice try&quot;. At this kind of rate, though, I'd prefer to stay someplace that knows its business and has hospitality down pat-- thoroughly nice instead of just trying.	
Jul 23 2008	Great rooms at a great price	Stayed here with a couple of friends for a girls weekend away. This hotel worked out very well for us -- the size of the room was amazing for a NYC hotel. Enough room for 4 girls to spread out without bumping into one another!! We were excited to go downstairs for the nightly wine and cheese bar, however were disappointed with the wine choices. Overall, a good hotel at a convenient location!	
Jul 22 2008 	Hotel Giraffe excellent	We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for a long weekend from July 18 - 21, 2008, and I can't think of a single bad thing to say about the place. Service was great, room was immaculate, location very central. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone. We will definitely stay there on our next trip to NYC.	
Jul 20 2008 	Fantastic boutique hotel	We loved staying at Hotel Giraffe. The room was larger than I've experienced before in Manhattan. The food provided - breakfast, wine and cheese, and more - was unique and added to the friendly feel at the hotel. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 20 2008 	Hotel Giraffe: still a great place to stay!	Not much is as good as it used to be . . . except the Hotel Giraffe.We stayed there three years ago and loved it. We loved it again for the second time.Though we arrived early, and we expected to wait, our room was ready within minutes. The room was immaculately clean and well decorated. Maid service was excellent. We especially enjoyed the afternoon wine and cheese and met many other interesting guests.We came to NYC to see five Broadway shows and wondered whether the hotel's location was too far out of the way to be convenient. It wasn't. Everything we wanted to do was a short walk or a short cab ride away.Hotel Giraffe is like a stylish European Hotel. We'll be back again.	
Jul 18 2008 	Loved The Giraffe	We stayed at the Giraffe for a few days on a sight-seeing visit to NYC with our two teenagers. Our accomodation was clean and beautifully decorated and consisted of a separate bed-room and living room with sofa-bed (and extra tv !) for the kids.We cannot praise the Giraffe staff enough - from reception to breakfast bar to concierge/doormen they were friendly and helpful. We had a problem with the pick-up of our hire car on the morning of our departure and the receptionist volunteered to help us sort it out, and spent quite a while doing so. Great service!	
Jul 15 2008 	Great service. Great ammenities for price.	Wanted to stay in a different part of town than my typical business trips to Midtown, so stayed here and loved it. Its in a great neighborhood with plenty of shopping and restaurants. Quick walk to Union Sq. The ammentities like free Internet, Free breakfast, free wine at happy hour each evening made it so nice to not be nickel and dimed. The rooms and bathrooms were trendy and nice size. I'd stay again for sure!	
Jul 13 2008 	Love the Giraffe	My husband and I just returned from a fabulous 4th of July weekend at the Hotel Giraffe. This was our second time staying at the Giraffe and we will return in the near future. The front desk staff are very helpful and check in/out a breeze. The rooms are large, bathrobes are provided and the bath products are very nice. Especially love the complimentary wine and cheese evening reception with the piano player adding to the ambiance. Not a cookie cutter, chain hotel, the Giraffe provides both value and an oasis of calm within NYC.	
Jul 6 2008 	Fantastic NYC hotel!	We had a one-night getaway for our anniversary to New York City, and took a lot of time researching and reviewing hotels. Trip Advisor had it right again!! The Hotel Giraffe was wonderful! While a bit expensive, even for NYC, the rooms are large, the breakfast was VERY nice (bagels, yogurt, fruit, pastries, coffee, etc.) and they also had complimentary beverages and cookies all day. They had a cocktail hour w/ complimentary wine/champagne and cheese too. So, at least you get something with your money! I mentioned it was our anniversary and they surprised me by upgrading our room to a suite. It was HUGE and beautiful. The decor was classy but not overwhelming. It had a small balcony, too. The staff were extremely attentive and friendly. I asked the concierge for some advice on where to go, and they even printed out a train schedule for us when we were unable to get our computer on line. I highly recommend this hotel for a wonderful experience in the city!	
Jun 30 2008 	A great experience at the Giraffe	Being a woman alone in New York was daunting but having found the Giraffe I felt secure and pampered. The breakfast and the evening wine and cheese hour was especially welcoming. My room was large and luxurious with everything from umbrella to slippers provided. Although a long way from the Museum mile there was excellent subway connections and the advantage was it was within easy walking distance of the great shopping in Soho and Greenwich Village.	
Jun 29 2008 	Very NIce Boutique Hotel in NYC's Midtown Area	This hotel is an excellent alternative to staying at a major chain. Having been recently remodeled, the rooms are nicely appointed and well kept. Do not think however, that the rates are going to be much less than other major chains or other nicer boutique hotels. To their credit however, the rates in all of NYC have gone up substantially in the last couple of years. But, you could at times just as easily get a room at any of the 5-star hotels for almost the same if not less, than a room here at the Giraffe.The location on Park Avenue South is very central to most of the attractions of the mid-town area. The suites are nicer than the regular units, and quite spacious.Because I travel to NYC often for business, I have stayed here several times. The consistency is great, and several of the business amenities are key. They have free wireless in the rooms and lobby area (as well as hard-wire if you need it). There is also a printer in the lobby, with a stand-alone laptop, in case you need to print a boarding pass, or to just browse the web. There is a free continental breakfast in the morning. Nothing fancy, just some fruits, juices, bagels, etc.I would say that the biggest thing lacking at this hotel is a &quot;scene&quot; and good restaurant. Because this is a small boutique hotel, there is really no gathering of people there (but there are plenty of places close by). The other down side is that the restaurant is not open too late, and the food is mediocre at best (but again, there are plenty of other places close by).	
Jun 5 2008	A Perfect Fit For a True NYC Experience	As a New York resident, I was suspect about staying in a New York hotel. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Hotel Giraffe was the perfect option after getting engaged. The room was spacious, clean and beautiful, we were given a bottle of prosecco after we noted our engagement and, because we arrived so late, we were &quot;upgraded by necessity&quot; into a suite. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. If I was an out-of-towner, this is definitely a better option than a traditional chain hotel.	
Jun 1 2008 	Good time at the Giraffe	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for 6 nights sightseeing and shopping at the end of May 2008. It was our first visit to New York and we chose the hotel after reading the reviews in Trip Advisor.Location:The hotel is centrally located in Midtown near a subway station, close to the Flatiron building and not too far from the Empire State Building. It is not in the main hotel district but we didn't find that a problem.We bought Metrocards on our first day and found it easy to get about by subway or bus. There is no direct subway line from the hotel to Times Square or Herald Sq (for Macys') but the connections were not difficult and there are always lots of taxis if necessary. There were plenty of cafes and restaurants nearby both on Park and Lexington Avenues.Accomodation:We booked a &quot;Superior King&quot; room this did not have a balcony but was comfortable and of good size for a City Centre hotel. The decor was stylish and the room was well equiped with a useful free WiFi. The only thing that could have been added would have been a kettle to make tea or coffee but this was available in the hotel lounge at all times if needed.We were on the 9th floor facing 26th street and found the room quiet. It was well insulated and with good air conditioning, Staff:The staff were pleasant and helpful without being intrusive. Reception was always well staffed.Generally:One feature of the hotel is the inclusive continental style buffet breakfast. It is not a hot breakfast but there is plenty of choice with cereals, fruit and fruit juices, hard boiled eggs, rolls, tea, coffee etc.I had mentioned when booking that my wife had a birthday during our stay. We were pleasantly surprised with the wine and belgian chocolates left in our room on our return that day.Another feature is the piano music and cheese and wine in the lounge each evening. This made for a pleasant break after sightseeing and shopping.Overall we were pleased with the Hotel Giraffe and would definitely stay again.	
May 30 2008 	Nice Hotel but beware if you are a light sleeper...	I really wanted to love this hotel. It is across the street from the office that I came here to visit on my business trip and in a great part of town. The reviews from past travelers sounded wonderful. And the hotel itself is very nice...extremely clean, very decent sized rooms that are tastefully decorated. Good sized bathrooms with marble counters. Plus the complimentary internet and breakfast is a great perk. Unfortunately, my problem with the hotel has very little to do with the hotel itself but with the level of noise from the busy streets it is located on. The first night I stayed here I got in very late after a grueling day of dealing with flight delays, etc. All I wanted to do was to rest in my room. Within a very short time of getting to my room, I heard a very loud slamming/cranking sound from the street. I called the front desk and asked what the sound was and was told it was the trash pickup and it would stop in a few minutes. About 30 minutes later (after midnite) I called down again because the noise was still going. I asked to be moved to a higher floor (I was on the 7th), but the hotel was sold out that night. The noise finally did stop, but the street noise from below was still pretty loud. The next day, the hotel staff agreed to move me to a room on the 5th floor facing Park Ave instead of 26th, since the trash pickup is on 26th. They were very nice about this and accomodating, which I really appreciated. Unfortuately, the move did not help much with the street noise. I am not sure if being on a higher floor would have helped (the hotel only goes up to the 12th floor). By the third night I finally found a way to drown out the street noise - I turned on the A/C in the room which makes a pretty loud humming noise and turned my iPod on to some soothing music (all rooms have iHome docks for your iPod). This definitely helped and I finally got a good nights sleep. So, bottom line - great hotel if you don't mind either hearing street noise or are OK with a cold room and humming sound from your A/C!!	
May 29 2008 	Big service in a small hotel - Hotel Giraffe	Clean room - check. Friendly service - check. Great location - check. This hotel isn't imposing like some of the big ones in the city, but it has all you need for an enjoyable adult stay. Check in is easy, and the staff will take care of your needs.The hotel includes the basics - a nice, small lobby with nice views out the window as you eat your complimentary breakfast, and a cool rooftop garden to enjoy a drink or cigar.Of course, the location is nice - a great mix of residential, office and retail, and you can get anywhere in the city quickly via subway or cab. For a couple enjoying the city, it's perfect.	
May 27 2008 	The Clear Favorite	We stayed here due to a discount for a friends wedding, and after staying at 4-5 other hotels on previous trips I have to say, I'll never stay any where else. The rooms are a good size and well equipped, the breakfast was perfect, and the wine and cheese a great way to start the evening. Roof Bar was also a cozy place to grab after dinner drinks. There is good food near by with Blue Smoke right around the corner for BBQ or Haru for sushi, the park bar a short walk away for reasonably priced drinks.	
May 20 2008 	Dependable Giraffe Again!	This was our 3rd visit to the Giraffe. You can count on good service, clean moderately sized rooms with some upgrades, a daily continental breakfast and a daily wine and cheese reception in the large main lobby area (except Sunday). You are a two minute walk to a subway station on the green line so you can be in upper midtown/Central Park or south to the tip of Manhattan with a 10-15 minute subway ride max. It is a nice area for walking - Gramercy Park, Madison Square Park are very close (3-5 minutes) and Union Square is a 10-15 minute walk and lots of modestly priced restaurants within walking distance. There is a nightclub next door Barna (which also has a restaurant) - more for the younger crowd 20's and 30's which can be noisy in the evenings from the music, best to request a room higher up in the building if possible to escape the nightclub noise and to a lesser extent street level noise from traffic if either would be of concern. You won't be disappointed if you book this hotel - bear in mind it is a smaller &quot;boutique&quot; hotel so won't have the trappings of a big hotel like a Hilton etc. if that is what you are looking for.James Ottawa, Canada	
May 20 2008 	The Giraffe is terrific!	This was the fourth time staying at the Giraffe and it continues to be wonderful. The rooms are very comfortable and nicely appointed with great amenities - flat screens, ipod docking stations, cable, etc. The staff is always courteous and very helpful. We absolutely love the breakfast that is included with the room - fabulous bagels, pastries, cereal, fresh fruit, juices, capuccinos, yogurt and much more. They also have a lovely cocktail hour with wine, cheese and crackers. The lobby is lovely, spacious and very comfortable. The hotel is also in a great location with easy access to either uptown or downtown. We will definitely be back and can't wait.	
May 15 2008 	Delightful Hotel Giraffe	Very comfortable accommodations in medium-size room. Hotel staff very courteous. Very clean. Liked ambiance in lobby with complimentary wine and cheese. Continental breakfast included good N.Y. pastries. Coffees and cookies available at all times. Computer and printer in lobby for guest's free use.	
May 12 2008	Wonderful	This was our second visit to the Giraffe, and we thorougly enjoyed our stay. In fact, I had booked family as well, and everyone loved their experience. I am well traveled, and find the Giraffe very accommodating in every way. Yes, our room wasn't ready prior to 3, but keep in mind on the other end, checkout is at 1 pm. One great advantage is the comfortable lobby where you can have complimentary breakfast in the morning, cappuccino &amp; cookies throughout the day, and at 5 pm, cheese, crackers and wine. The lobby in very condusive to talking and meeting friends in the city. The rooms are very comfortable and have many ammenities. The only drawback, is there is noise from the street, which you find in most NYC hotels. The doorman and lobby staff were wonderful, and when it was pouring rain, they were sure to flag a cab for us. Try the Giraffe, you won't be disappointed.	
May 7 2008 	A great place to stay we will be back.	Hotel Giraffe was a great base for our one week stay in the city, it is a perfect location for both uptown and downtown. And there is a subway station only 2 blocks away (5 mins walk max)When booking I asked for a high floor and this was granted, I would recommend trying to get a high room in any New York hotel as street noise is very loud.The rooms are a good size with lots of hanging and drawer space a massive bed and a flat sreen t.v. You get a little balcony to look out onto the city, you also get lots of nice little things to like bottled water, Bath robes and slippers but above all the room is spotlesly clean.The hotels door staff and concierge staff do a great job, always willing to help with any needs from ice for the room,getting you a taxi to reserving you seats at manhattans top restaurants. nothing was a problem for them and they seemed genuinely happy to help.The lobby area is a nice place to relax and unwind away from the crazy city outside, you can get a bit of breakfast from there in the morning, coffee/tea and biscuits all through the day and a drop of wine on the evening, It plays cool relaxing music all through the day and there is a bit of piano playing on the evening..... very good. A great place to stay, we will be back.If I could recommend some NYC highlights it would be 'Top of the Rock', 'Century21' for discount shopping, for great NYC Restaurants: 'Lombardi's', 'Patsy's' and 'Tao'	
May 2 2008	Giraffe is a Gem !	This hotel deserves all the rave reviews it's received to date! We booked on the strength of the Trip Advisor reviews and they were spot on. Almost afraid to rave about it myself as I want to go back and not have it booked up. An amazing gem in a fairly central location - quiet but only a few blocks from Empire State Building/Madison Square Garden / Macy's. 5 min walk to lovely Madison Park.Our room had a balcony it was spacious, spotless and cleaned twice a day! Cosy king size bed, fabulous bath and power shower. Towels stocked and chocolates on pillows - brilliant. The staff were courteous and attentive. The complimentary breakfast was ideal for morning fuel - lovely bagels / juices / croissants / tea / coffee / fruit along with morning papers. Evening wine and cheese and coffee/tea all throughout the day.There's an amazing Irish pub / steakhouse McCormacks just around the corner - beautiful steak, good beer and local new york atmosphereExcellent hotel - an absolute gem. Will definately be back!	
May 1 2008 	Average Boutique Hotel	My husband and I looked forward to a weekend at Hotel Giraffe. From all prior reviews, I was looking forward to staying at this hotel. Upon arrival, I was a bit disappointed that we were not about to check into our room at 2PM. We were instructed that check in was at 3. We cannot say that the friendliness of the check in staff was extraordinary.We also looked forward to the wine hour, but this, again, was disappointing....generic American cheeses and ok wine. As for breakfast, the website lists a European-style breakfast, but I did not find what was European about fruit salad, bagels, and cerael. I would suggest that they get more whole grain items as well since I was a bit disapponted about no whole grain items.Overall, it was a OK visit. The hotel was clean and the hotel staff did the necessary actions, but I cannot say I was overly impressed by the hotel to the point where this would be the only hotel I would every stay at.	
Apr 30 2008	Memorable Stay	I have stayed in many hotels in NYC and this one is by far my favorite. The room sizes are surprisingly large, with double sinks in the bathroom. The amenities in the lobby--breakfast, 24/7 coffee, wine/cheese in the evening with live piano music are nice. There are lots of good restaurants close by and the neighborhood is terrific. If you want to do the NYC tourist thing, stay farther uptown, but if you've done that and want to experience more of what the city has to offer, stay at the Giraffe. We actually moved up to the Waldorf Astoria for a few nights, and, honestly, I wish we would have stayed the entire time at the Giraffe--it really is that good!!	
Apr 28 2008 	Doesn't live up to the hype	We knew when we arrived at the hotel that our room would most likely not be ready, rather than politely explaining that the room was not ready, they curtly informed us that check in time is 3 pm. That pretty much sums up the rest of the staffs attitude. Our room was on the 3rd floor facing Park Avenue, at night the sounds from the bar/restaurant in the hotel and bar next door were very loud. There was a wait to get in somewhere and the doorstaff did nothing to quiet the loud patrons coming and going. We could hear conversations clearly. When we told the hotel staff they curtly informed us that next time book a room on another side of the hotel.The room size was nice for NY as was the bathroom. Breakfast was a yawn as was the &quot;happy hour&quot; which offers only wine to guests. We've stayed at boutique hotels around the world and part of the charm is the people that work there - they tend to be more accomodating than the big named hotels. Not so much at the Giraffe. My husband has stayed at other nearby boutique hotels and has been much happier with the service.	
Apr 25 2008 	A Great Hotel	We stayed for a week and found the hotel accomadation spacious and very clean. Prices were equivalent to other hotels in the district and unusually Breakfast was included.Quiet at night and therefore getting sleep wasn't a problem either.Within walking distance of the Empire state, Flatiron and Macy's and there's a Metro station at the end of the block.Great location and friendly staff. We were very happy with our choice of hotel.	
Apr 21 2008 	Hotel Giraffe: Outstanding!	Hotel Giraffe proved to be an oasis in the NYC desert of overpriced, over-rated, cookie-cutter hotels and cut-rate fleabags. We spent three nights and couldn't find a thing to complain about. Doormen, desk staff, housekeeping staff were on the ball, courteous, attentive and actually seemed to enjoy what they were doing. King-bed room was spacious, well-appointed, clean and comfortable. Location is a short 10- to 15-minute walk to Union Square, a shorter walk to Madison Square Park (and the Shake Shack's delicious burgers, fries and milkshakes) and convenient to uptown and downtown subways. Inexpensive? No. Worth the price? Definitely.	
Mar 31 2008 	Doesn't deserve such a high review	I purposely chose this hotel because it received such a high rating among NYC hotels on this website but was sorely disappointed. I expected more, especially for the price ($300+ for a single room). The hotel is certainly nice, clean, but fairly small. The room was also very small. I was offered a larger room for $70 or so more but declined. This hotel was average overall among the hotels I have stayed in the past and my suspicion is that some of the very high reviews came from the property management and their contacts. I could be wrong, but some of the reviews seemed very overrated. This hotel doesn't deserve to be in the very top among NYC hotels.The stay does include a continental breakfast of pastries, fruit, and cereal but I still don't feel the stay was worth the price. Also, the front desk was not very welcoming and one woman at the front desk seemed a bit condescending. I usually don't pay much attention to these kind of things but I felt unusually bad after checking in. The hotel is conveniently located near a subway stop and Madison Square Park, but no other major attractions within walking distance. I preferred staying in Times Square.	
Mar 30 2008 	Nice Hotel Good Location	Stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for three nights during Spring Break with our two teenaged boys in a Junior Suite. Nice room, quiet but very small. We soon adapted to the size of the room but ended up with our youngest son (14) on the floor on the sofa cushions. Hotel staff assured us when we reserved the room that the fold out sofa bed would easily accomodate two teenaged boys. Doorman and maids couldn't have been nicer. Young front desk staff was a little stiff and unfriendly. Breakfast (included in room price) was disappointing; bagels, muffins, boiled eggs, cold cereals, juice, and yogurt. The next day, same stale bagels and muffins! We arrived for a late breakfast at 10:50 and hotel staff whisked it away at 10:58 instead of 11:00. Just rude! Evening wine and cheese was nice. Hotel is quiet and clean but could use some maintenance. Overall enjoyed our stay with a few small bumps in the road.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great stay at Hotel Giraffe	We stay in NYC at least twice a year but this was our first stay at Hotel Giraffe. As other reviews have said it has very large rooms by NYC standards. We were in NYC to get married, and the hotel had arranged for a bottle of prosecco in our room, which was a nice touch. The breakfast and evening wine and cheese in the bar is a great touch for a hotel that is in a really good location for adventures either up or downtown. Our only comment is slightly lackluster staff at the front desk, but this seemed to be due to age/inexperience rather than rudeness. However, this could be more of a concern for first time visitors who needed more information about things to do and how to get there. Overall, a great stay and we will most definitely return.	
Mar 19 2008	Still firing on all Cylinders	This was our fifth (or sixth?) stay at the Giraffe, our favorite NYC hotel.Not a single thing to complain about. Hard to believe this is NYC. Very friendly and helpful staff from the doorman to the front desk to the breakfast bar.Even the lowest price standard queen is a lovely room, which is what we book. This time, we were upgraded to a suite (without asking) and it was superb, elegant, roomy,and bright.If there are better boutique hotels in NY at this price, I'd be surprised.	
Mar 16 2008 	My favorite boutique hotel	I am in New York about once a month. I tried several other hotels, but this is my favorite. It is very conveniently located for walking or the subway. The staff is pleasant and helpful. Rooms are very clean, with very comfortable beds, and the lobby continental breakfast is convenient on busy mornings or if you want to just relax with a paper or a view of Park Avenue out the window. It's also just about a block away from Madison Square Park, and there are many excellent restaurants within a 5-10 minute walk.	
Mar 10 2008 	Wonderful find in NYC!	Great hotel! We went for a weekend trip and wanted to stay in a part of town less congested and touristy than Times Square. Hotel Giraffe is in a wonderful location with great restaurants within walking distance. The staff was very nice and accomodating from the minute we arrived. The rooms are a great size by New York standards, and even had a small balcony! We stayed three adults in a room and had lots of room. Bathrooms were a great size and everything was very clean. Breakfast every morning was a nice touch - european style pastries, cereal, bagels, soft boiled eggs, fruit, and great coffee. Wine and cheese each night with live piano music was a great retreat from a busy day in the city. We really liked everything about the hotel, and can't wait to return in the summer!	
Mar 6 2008	Just lovely	I recently spent a week at the Hotel Giraffe and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. My room, and indeed the hotel itself, was decorated in an understated elegance with soft, muted tones. Both comfortable and beautiful. Staff is friendly, professional and discreet. Good breakfasts in the morning. Also it is in one of Manhattan's loveliest neighborhoods, equidistant from the Village and Midtown. I look forward to returning, and would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 5 2008 	Fantastic hotel!	I've just returned from a long break to NY, and the Giraffe was one of the hotels I stayed at. I cannot say one bad thing about this hotel - the room was spotless and spacious and the complementary breakfast was a great bonus. Location for midtown/downtown is perfect. The staff were fantastic - really helpful and attentive. And it was the the little touches that made a difference, such as free internet, complementary chocolates and water, wine and cheese in the evening. The room was decorated tastefully and even had a small balcony. The noise levels weren't as problamatic as other hotels in the city.	
Mar 4 2008 	Fabulous Boutique Hotel	A hotel that does what it is supposed to do. We had a wonderful suite with a comfortable bed and good climate control. The staff from the doorman to the floor maid and from the front desk to the shift manager were most accommodating and professional. There is a continental buffet breakfast in the lobby daily and a wine reception in the evening, both complimentary. The internet connection is free and works perfectly.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great find in NYC!!!	We chose the Giraffe because of a great deal on the internet...what a surprise! This is the perfect New York hotel! The staff were very friendly and helpful, the extras such as wine and cheese and breakfast were a nice touch. The rooms are nicely furnished and spotless! Convenient to the subway so being so far downtown wasn't the problem we anticipated. This will be our new &quot;home&quot; in New York!	
Feb 3 2008 	The Giraffe Was a Pleasant Treat for Us	We spent one night at the Hotel Giraffe on Feb. 1. It was our first overnight visit to New York in 10 years, so after hearing the heart-stopping prices at previous places where we have stayed, I found this hotel at Kayak.com. The price ($331, including all taxes, for a room with a queen bed) seemed competitive, and the reviews were encouraging. We were not disappointed. While the lobby is not especially grand and the hallways/elevator seemed a little well-worn, the room itself was quite stylish and comfortable. We had plenty of space, and the bathroom was also nice. We were on the 9th floor and heard no street noise at night except the inevitable garbage truck. I liked the electronic window shade! The staff was always pleasant, and the breakfast (included), while not extravagant, was all we needed (juice, good coffee, fruit, cereal, yogurt, rolls). Nice piano music in the lobby in the evening. A friend who lives nearby came up to see the room and said it was much nicer than others he has seen for more money. He was happy to find a place he could recommend to out-of-towners seeking a less costly alternative. We didn't try the restaurant, so can't vouch about that. But all in all, we were happy with our stay and would return--in 10 years, probably!	
Jan 16 2008 	really liked the Giraffe	WE stayed here over Christmas. We had a suite for our family of 4 , with 2 teenage daughters- plenty of room , nicely furnished, quiet , 2 tvs so no arguments, nice bathroom. The only difficulty was that the sofabeds are not very comfortable , so our girls felt they had to put up with this all week. We requested another matress to put on top but this did not arrive. Apart from that, we all loved this hotel - very relaxed, the buffet breakfast was just right for our needs , enough variety and very flexible, with eggs, cereals , lovely breads etc. Tea and coffee, biscuits and wine/cheese in the evening available free, made for a casual welcoming atmosphere, with no sense that 'it cost money to breathe' as you get in many large formal hotels. The computer in the lobby is very useful. This hotel was not cheap but is good value, especially considering breakfast is included. The staff were friendly and helpful. There are many good restaurants nearby and from this location it is easy to get anywhere in Manhatten. I would recommend the mexican restaurant next door - the margueritasare very good.	
Jan 7 2008 	A great little hotel	We stayed here for a week over Christmas, and chose the Giraffe based on the Trip Advisor reviews. We were not disappointed. The staff were all friendly and helpful, the rooms clean, large enough and the bathroom well thought out. Plenty of storage space and a flat screen TV with DVD and CD. There is apparently a library of DVDs and CDs if you want them.We were on the 7th floor overlooking 26th Street and didn't hear a thing at night (maybe because we were so exhausted after such busy days).The simple complimentary breakfast (fruit, yoghurt, bagels, croissants, pastries, juice) is served in the lobby, where there is a laptop and printer - a blessing for email and internet access. A coffee machine serves excellent cappuccino.The wine (red, white, sparkling) and assorted cheeses that are freely available in the early evening are a nice touch, and there is a turn-down service with free water and chocs.It's a good location - close to a subway and within walking distance of much of what you want to see. We enjoyed the Union Square area to the south - great bars and restaurants and an interesting farmers' market there on Friday mornings. Check out the designer bargains in Filene's basement (on the third floor!) on the square.If I have to find a fault (and it's hard) the shower was struggling a bit at times in terms of temperature and pressure, but not to an unacceptable degree.In my experience (unless you have an unlimited budget) it can be hard to find a hotel in NYC that isn't well-used, and I wouldn't look beyond the Giraffe in future.	
Jan 5 2008 	Absolutely wonderful...looking forward to a return visit.	My wife and I stayed one night at the Hotel Giraffe on a last minute little romantic getaway and we were very pleased and impressed.We had made reservations, but arrived 6 hours before check-in at 9AM and the staff was very accomodating in arranging a room for us right away. Upon departure, we need a couple of extra hours given our late flight and again they were very accomodating.The rooms themselves are very comfortable, beautifully decorated with a clear impression that all guest amenities and room details were throughly planned out - from the quality of hotel towels to the various lighting options with the well placed switches for total convenience to the real plant in our room giving it a nice little touch of home. Our room also had a really lovely balcony and although we did not use it, it gave the room a very delightful touch.In the mornings the hotel offers a complinentary breakfast of pastries, fruit, hard boiled eggs, coffee, tea, and juice - definetly nothing elaborated, but perfect for starting your day in New York, all enjoyed in the very comfortable hotel lobby. In the evenings there is a complimentary wine and cheese that served as the perfect break for us after a day on the town before we went up to our rooms to rest for our night on the town.As for location, it was perfect for us as we explored both uptown and downtown and being right in the middle had great access to everything - especially with a subway station right across the street (which would recommend any visitor to embrace and use - it defintely is the best and most efficient way to get around, especially with the all you can ride $7 a day 'fun pass'.Would definetly go back to the Hotel Giraffe - staff was very nice, room was very comfortable, and the location gave us access to all of Manhatten in a convenient manner. And as for New York hotels are concerned, felt the total experience we got was good value relative to what we would pay at a compriable hotel.	
Jan 5 2008 	Great Stay	We booked on line with the hotel, the experience was efficient, effortless and without problem. We arrived very early and they had noted our request for an early check in but could not accomodate us as the hotel was full the night before, fair enough so we went out to get some breakfast at a local diner even though they offered us the breakfast at the hotel.after a very long day shopping and with Jet Lag lingering we finally checked in and i thought the room was wonderful. We were on a high floor, the room was spacious and spotless. I also thought it was very well decorated.To be honest i could not fault our stay there, the service was superb in every regard, the breakfast was great for a quick bite before heading out and the cheese and wine a nice touch although we never were there to enjoy it.We had decided to try the Sofitel for the second part of the vacation over new years eve and i thought i was splurging out on a special treat, i wish i had saved the $$'s and stayed at the Giraffe.I would not hesitate to reccomend this hotel to anyone who doesn't feel they need to be in times square.	
Jan 3 2008	Loved the Giraffe!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe on our last 3 visits to New York and found it to be one of nicest places to stay in all ways.We've been visiting our sons who both live and work in the City for over 15 years and the Hotel Giraffe has been a terrific &quot;find&quot;.	
Jan 3 2008 	Cute simple quiet	My boyfriend and I stayed here over New Years this year and the hotel was great. It is a very new hotel, the staff was friendly, location was perfect, not too loud. Overall excellent experience.	
Jan 1 2008 	Nice little hotel	The Giraffe is a nice little hotel with extremely friendly, helpful staff (especially the bell staff), good size rooms (by NY standards especially) and generally a nice atmosphere. It is conviniently located between 2 different metro stops and close to the lovely grammercy neighbourhood. The only downside to our stay was that the breakfast area was very small and didnt have a lot of tables to eat at. Therefore often we found ourselves with nowhere to sit and had to either skip breakfast or go and eat it in our room which wasnt so nice.Sort out that area giraffe and the hotel would get 5 out of 5 from meHowever all in all a good place that i definitely recommend	
Jan 1 2008 	Best kept secret in Manhattan	The Hotel Giraffe is without a doubt one of the loveliest hotels we have had the pleasure of checking into. Upon arrival the staff was sweet, friendly and very helpful. We traveled with two 14 year old girls and they recommended a restaurant with the best hamburgers we have ever eaten.The rooms where large and the decor modern and tasteful. They where also immaculate. I'm a neat freak, so I really mean immaculate. The hotel is located in between Soho and Times Square. A lovely neighborhood with a lot of charm. I highly highly recommend the Hotel Giraffe.	
Dec 31 2007	A Very Pleasant Stay at Hotel Giraffe	My husband and I stayed here for three nights during a weekend trip toNew York prior to Christmas. Front desk staff were friendly and welcoming.Room was on the smaller side (not unexpected as it's New York), but well laid out, with a decent bathroom (note: to those sharing a room but seeking some privacy in the bathroom - the door has a glass windowpane that's only slightly opaque). Room was extremely clean and in good condition and felt warm and inviting at the end of the day. We booked a room with a queen bed, although to be honest the bed seemed a little small - more like a standard double than a queen.The two complimentary bottles of water when we checked into the room was a small but welcome touch. Blinds did a fairly good job of keepingthe light out of the room, so we could sleep on a little in the mornings. No problems with noise from other rooms. However, we were onthe 10th floor and there was still a fair amount of street noise (again, it's New York, so probably to be expected). Having said that Iwas glad we weren't staying on a lower floor and I had my ear plugs : )I enjoyed the breakfast that was served in the lobby area every morning. Juice, coffee, tea, cereals, yogurts, bagels, pastries, etc.I can never eat a big breakfast first thing in the morning, but I do like to eat something and this was just perfect to help get you started in the morning. They do tend to start clearing breakfast away about 15 minutes prior to the official end time, so don't wait until the last minute! However, coffee and tea are available all day, which is another nice touch.Overall a very pleasant stay. Location was good for us. We walked to some of our destinations and took the subway to others, which is just a block or two up the street - very handy.I'm giving it four instead of five stars because I'm comparing the accommodations/amenities to the price and we paid a higher than average rate due to the time of year we went.	
Dec 30 2007 	Gracious hospitality in Gramercy	My husband, adult daughter and I spent 3 nights at Hotel Giraffe. Arrived on a Friday and left on Christmas Eve day. We did the same thing 3 years ago and stayed at The Hilton New York, which had a great location, but we wanted a different area of Manhattan to explore. Considered The Millennium Hilton, but are so glad we settled on Hotel Giraffe. MUCH less frenzied and relaxing, with the added benefit of free continental breakfast, afternoon wine and cheese, coffee/tea/cookies 24/7, and fast/free wireless internet access. It was great to walk into the lobby and be able to get hot coffee or chocolate after walking for hours in the cold, exploring the Flatiron and Gramercy area. The lobby has comfortable chairs and couches grouped for conversation areas or playing games. With a subway stop in close proximity, we were able to access lower Manhattan, up to the Empire St Bldg and Rock Center with no problem. All the staff were responsive whenever we needed advice or help with &quot;how to...&quot; They had a laptop with printer set up and on-line in the lobby for patrons use... meaning easy printout of airline boarding passes and email checking with ease, so you don't need to lug your laptop along. The quick elevators were usually sitting with open doors waiting for us to ascend. My husband and I had a deluxe King bed room. Had a nice upholstered chair and ottoman, 2 desk areas, full closet, 6 drawers, laptop accessible in-room safe, and loved the ceramic bathroom with lighted, magnifying mirror for shaving and make-up application. Bathroom door had opaque glass in upper half of door that felt classy. Our daughter had a smaller Queen bed room. Although sq footage was smaller, it had French door access to a small balcony and full blind that had a switch by the bed for raising and lowering... very nice touch. Although we already had our restaurants picked out, the Hotel Giraffe owner also owns some restaurants and offers hotel patrons last minute reservations. We were in walking distance to Gramercy Tavern, Giorgio's, and great little Greek restaurant called Kellari's Parea Greek Bistro. But then in Manhattan it seems there's always a great little restaurant just around the corner - but being able to convene in the lobby and have a glass of wine BEFORE venturing out was a great cost benefit that made the room price in this beautiful little boutique hotel worth it. Super clean, efficiently run, secure, and relaxing.	
Dec 26 2007	Great Stay	My wife and I stayed here during the holiday season and we were very happy with this hotel. Out of 10 visits to NYC over the years we have never had a nicer hotel. The room was clean and quiet (we were on the 10th floor and facing 26 St and not Park Ave.). Te breakfast buffet in the morning only had a limited selection of items but we still enjoyed having breakfast in the lobby with several free NYC newpapers to read. The staff was very friendly. They did us a fvor also--we arrived at 8AM in the morning from a redeye flight from San Francisco. Our reservation was for the evening of our arrival, We planned just to drop off our bags and then return at 3 or so to check-in. However, there was an empty room available and they let us check in at 8AM and gave us the room and breakfast. I was really pleased with that. This will be my hotel of choice in NYC in the future.	
Dec 24 2007	Wonderful Hotel!	This is a terrific hotel. We arrived in the am and checked our bags. When it was check in time...our bags were waiting in our room. It is a small hotel and the staff is very, very friendly and helpful. So nice to have a glass of wine and cheese in the lobby before we went out for the night (complimentary). And in the am a lovely continental buffet. The room was clean and modern and had a little balcony. Just before we checked out we called to ask that our car be brought to the front of the hotel. 5 minutes later it was waiting for us at the front door with our trunk open. At other hotels it has sometimes taken almost an hour to get our car from valet parking. I think this is one of the many advantages of staying at a small hotel. Oh, and the price for the week before Christmas ~ $300. I felt like we found a little jewel in NY. If you don't need a huge hotel and want a place that is centrally located. This is it. BTW, we went to Grammercy Tavern for dessert. It is just a few blocks from the hotel. Highly reccommend. Next time we'll have dinner there!	
Dec 23 2007 	Great small hotel a bit too much out of the center of things	The hotel is very nice. The desk personnel were all friendly and helpful. The lobby is large and not too crowded and the perfect place to hang out for a long continental breakfast (I especially appreciated the ability to add a shot of espresso to my morning coffee, which was excellent) or the wine/cheese afternoon reception (wines and good, cheese plate average). The rooms are reasonable sized, attractive, with all expected amenities, large closet, bathrobes, etc.The only negatives were a bullhorn echoing most of the day in 26th street from some strikers at the New York Life building (New York: please develop livability laws like in my city) and the relative distance from theaters and shopping. I'd stay there again, but would probably stay in a sister hotel closer to the center of things.	
Dec 22 2007 	Friday night and a low floor = no sleep	Just got home from a one night stay. Had a good experience over the summer without the kids, so decided to come back to take the kids to see the holiday sights.Some time in the middle of the night, we were awoken by the thump of dance music. This continued until 3:30 AM. And unfortunately the kids were up at 6:30 AM so it was a really awful night. We were on the second floor, which probably was closest to the &quot;dance club&quot;. I recall others mentioning this on tripadvisor - so be warned. Front desk clerks were completely unapologetic - both about the room not being ready when we got there, and the late night noise. An apology might have caused us to return in the future (not on a Friday), but the poor attitude means we will not.	
Dec 20 2007 	Friendly and wonderful	Hotel was superb - staff so helpful and accomodating. We have a 6 month old baby, and they couldn't do enough for us. Room was comfortable and large, and location great.Thoroughly recommended!	
Dec 18 2007 	Great place great location	This a fantastic place unless you look for an over crowded luxury place with no personality. Booked a suite and it was great with a tv-room and a rather large bed room. Opening the balcony door we had a great view of Park Avenue.The lobby is just cool and never crowded, great staff and don't forget the complimentary wine &amp; cheese in the evening - a nice way to start your evening. The location is great both going uptown and downtown. Times Square only 15 blocks away is a nice walk, a short cab ride or just use the subway, it's only two blocks away.Next time in NY it's no doubt i'll be staying here again!	
Dec 17 2007 	great stayvery hospitable	Stayed the first week in november and found our visit to be superb. Average size room but clean and comfortable. The staff was quite hospitable, especially Jose and Melvin. We would return just because of them. The location is quite good for Manhattan with the subway just a few blocks away.	
Dec 14 2007 	Modern and New but Noise from Street	In 2006, paid ~$400/night. Very nice bathroom and nice bed. Smallish room but comfortable: not yet worn out.Located adjacent to busy street - try for upper floor facing side street.Free computer in lobby, though it was oddly just a laptop set on a bar table.Great location near shopping.	
Dec 13 2007 	Great Hotel	What a fantastic Hotel !The rooms were superb, the staff were friendly and the location of this wonderful hotel is excellent!I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in New York.	
Dec 12 2007	Brilliant Time!	I really enjoyed my stay here. After reading some other reviews prior to staying l was a little worried about the noise and the hotel staff. I have to say that l worried needlessly as the hotel staff were perfect. Friendly and very helpful. We were on the 5th floor and the room was very quiet - even though it was opposite the lifts. We had a fantastic time and if you stay in room 503, step onto the balcony as this is where my boyfriend proposed to me!	
Dec 11 2007	a bit of a stretch	I have just returned from a business trip to NY and stayed at the hotel Giraffe. Staff were very polite and accomodating for my entire weeks stay. Value for money? Well i'm not too sure, the travel company we use secured a rate of over $400 a night, which apparently was a special for our company for a standard room. If it was me booking this, i'd certainly shop around as it was not worth over $400 a night!The room I had was a decent size, had a small balcony, as do most of the other rooms (I think). If you're looking for a hotel where you can open the windows, this one should suit you down to the ground.If you're a light sleeper, beware, it can get quite noisy. Again the staff were very accomodating and relocated me to a higher floor. so to summarise - not good value for money, service excellent, friendly staff. As long as you can cope with the noise, and have deep pockets you'll enjoy!	
Dec 4 2007	Perfect retreat.	We have just returned from a week stay.We read the reviewsbefore going,but they can be very hit and miss,but we really did make the right choice.There is nothing negative to say about the Giraffe.From the moment we walked into the lobby the feel was more like a private club,calm and relaxing.The staff were the best ,friendly,helpful and nothing was to much trouble.The room was far better than expected,large and clean with a balcony onto Park Ave and the king size bed was the best we have ever slept in,wanted to take it home.The buffet breakfast was just right to start the day with and you could pop back anytime during the day for coffee and cookies and unwind for a while.It was my birthday while there and they must have seen my cards laid out in our room,because when we got back late that afternoon there was a bottle of sparkling wine in ice bucket along with birthday wishes from the management,what a nice touch.Wine and cheese in the evenings was just perfect before setting out,and made even more enjoyable by the piano player and Jessica the friendliest host you could have wished for. All in all we will be going back.	
Dec 3 2007 	Great service lovely rooms	Having stayed in New York on several occasions, I'm pleased to say that this hotel is one I would definately revisit. The staff were so friendly and helpful, the rooms and their facilities were excellent, nothing was too much trouble for any of the team. Although not a cheap tourist class hotel, cost us $559 dollars a night for the room, with the great exchange rate it made for a real value for money stay, particularly because that included breakfast, as much tea and coffee etc as you could drink available all day, and the excellent free wine and cheese each evening! The location was great, only a couple of blocks from the Empire State, Macy's and in the other direction the Greenmarket in Union Square, and a subway right opposite taking you easily up and downtown. The only downside was the noise from the traffic outside, maybe because we were only on the 3rd floor, so ask for a room a little higher up and that may help!	
Dec 2 2007 	pricey but a class act	Booked a suite - beautiful rooms, good sized, no amenities lacking. I found housekeeping and door staff eager to help, front desk pleasant and professional. Lobby/common areas very nice, with free wine/cheese in the afternoon, and a.m. pastries were, well, free - a nicety, but in NYC would walk to a real cafe. Park Ave S location is great.I would gladly stay here again.	
Nov 27 2007 	Stay here - it's a great hotel!	We stayed in a double double room (two double beds) and it was big by New York standards and huge by European standards. Room was clean and tidy and decore modern and on trend. If I had to find something negative to say it would be that the paint work on the celing was peeling away in some parts - but I wasn't there to look at the paintwork. Beds were extremely comfortable with lovely linens. We were in room 705 on the 7th floor and like all hotels I have stayed in in New York you can hear the garbage men collecting the bins at 5am so bring your earplugs. Note that the private balcony advertised is little more than a few inches of concrete so don't expect to be lounging in deck chairs. However, the roof terrace looked great (too cold for us) and would be fabulous in summer.It's rare to find a hotel in New York that includes breakfast in the price. I really enjoyed the breakfast at Giraffe. Fresh mini-muffins &amp; pastries, full size bagels, cereals and fresh fruit salad, juices, teas and coffees. If you are looking for a fry up then head to a diner down the road. The complimentary wine, champagne (prosecco) and cookies were not quite what I was expecting from a quality point of view given the other high standards of the hotel. Giraffe would do well to upgrade these to be in line with the rest of their services; better quality wine and home made (rather than out of a tin) cookies or scrap them all together.The staff were efficient and courteous. We only had to wait for a lift once. Note that there is a bar/restuarant (Barna) next door that seems to be popular with the late teens/early twenties crowd well into the early hours so I would make sure to request a room as far away from this as possible (705 was fine).Overall a great stay and worth the money.	
Nov 22 2007 	Baby friendly	We stayed at the Giraffe this spring, with our six month old baby, for four nights. We had a suite which was more expensive (around $500) but we wanted two rooms for baby-free evenings and this seemed to be the best option for this in the city. We were so glad to have booked here - there was the potential for it to be a stressful trip, but being at the Giraffe made hotel life with a baby smoother than it has been in other hotels, however lovely they may be in other ways. The suite was small and a little dark, but very comfortable, great bed, and best of all with a CD player as well as the cable TV, so we could enjoy our evenings (liked the room service with prices the same as the restaurant below, and a very reasonable one-off service charge rather than a percentage). The atmosphere in the bar downstairs was intimate, warm and calm - lovely barmen in the evening, and a pianist every night - it offered the home away from home that you really need in New York, and that I had not found in any other hotel. The area is great, nothing special just outside the door, but an easy walk to Union Square and surrounding shops. The staff were great, just normal and friendly, not the supercool doormen you can find elsewhere.I'd stayed at the Paramount, Royalton, W's Lexington and Times Square, and Gershwin, pre-baby, overall this was the most satisfying experience of all.	
Nov 21 2007	Good but not great	Just returned from 2 nights at the Hotel Giraffe. Beautiful hotel, nice location. Very nice room, average-to-small size. Pleasant but inpersonal staff. Minuses: 1. Water pressure: every time either of us took a shower, the water completely cut off for about a minute during the middle of the shower. Not fun. 2. &quot;Gourmet European Breakfast&quot; very poor quality. Really bad, old fruit salad. Not nice pastries. Disappointing.3. Housekeeping: came back to the room at 4:30 after being out since 9 am and room hadn't been cleaned. Overall, very pretty hotel, but for the very expensive price (over $800 for two nights) I expected a little better.	
Nov 19 2007	ronseal does exactly what it says on the tin!	The staff were freindly and helpful, hotel was immaculate, room to die for! Complimentary wine, champagne and breakfast and also in a fairly good location!You will be hard pushed to beat this hotel!	
Nov 17 2007 	An incredible experience...You'll love it!!	My husband and I just returned from a wonderful get away to NYC. We traveled from San Diego and needed to arange care for our gaggle of six children we had left home. There was much planning but many things, including this hotel, made it worth the effort.The common areas and rooms were simple and classy, yet warm and inviting. Beautiful bathroom, cozy robes, comfortable beds, and great linens were an excellent start. There were many extras that added much....turn down service with more fresh towels, an expesso/ coffee machine all day and night, always with a little something there to go with it (Nice continental breakfast, cookies, crackers and cheese.... depending on the time of day.) Neat to have a complimentary glass of good wine in the evening too.What really made this place special however was the service and the people who work there. The staff were a very international group, which we loved. There were incredibly attentive, but not overbearing. Always there with a quiet charm. We often asked for help getting a cab ( it is an art!) and they were always accommodating and didn't seem the least bit put out. We felt like royalty! A young gentleman recommended Celani's....a great recommendation. He was so fond of it, we thought about asking him along! We were also graciously accommodated with early check in as our room was ready, and a little later checkout as well. I must admit that before we arrived I was a bit worried about the possible attitude of the staff, as a rare previous review had suggested that they could be cold and inattentive (and I read ALL the reviews!). During our four day stay, this never happened. We think of ourselves as friendly and down to earth and did not want to feel snubbed...but we also did not want to be overwhelmed. The staff was perfect.Bottom line: An incredibly special place that is elegant, warm, and not a bit pretentious. HIGHLY recommended. (We are already working on figuring out a way to return!)	
Nov 16 2007 	Elegant little hotel in good location	We stayed at Hotel Giraffe for 5 nights at the beginning of November. Our 8th floor room was roomy, elegantly decorated and quiet considering it is in the centre of a city that really is 24/7! It was a good place to escape back to after days packed with sightseeing, eating and shopping. We found the staff polite and the bottle of wine they left in our room for my birthday was a nice touch. We liked the laid back approach to breakfast in the reception area. Others must share the view that the building looks quite 'New York' as Sex and the City was being filmed right outside when we were there! Good value for money and probably more laid back and 'NY' than the big name hotels, which could be in any city anywhere in the world. (Ref comment below re lifts, yes we did have to wait a while for the lifts but we were on holiday so sometimes it is good to be forced to slow down!! Didn't change the fact this is a great hotel in it's price bracket)	
Nov 14 2007 	Great hotel!	Just returned from first visit to America - New York is a fantastic city to visit and our stay was made even better by this great hotel. Accommodation is as featured on the website and the staff were efficient and friendly. The breakfast is great to set you up before a day of sightseeing and the complementary glass of wine rounds the day off nicely. Would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel	
Nov 13 2007	Elegant accommodations for a little price!	This was a delightful oasis in the middle of Manhattan. I used to live in NY and love coming back to the old neighborhood to visit. Staying at this hotel made me feel like I was part of NY again. The rooms are clean, the staff is gracious, and little niceties like flowers on the table at breakfast in a well lite lobby made it a haven of civility.	
Nov 7 2007 	Just the job	We stayed here for a long weekend recently. What this hotel does, it does well. The basics are all there and in working order - free WiFi, breakfast included, friendly staff, well appointed rooms etc. The location is right too, within walking distance of most things. Only reasons it didn't get five stars from us were the occasional long wait for a lift and the not so helpful concierge on restaurant recommendations (though we found later there are some in the room). We would certainly stay here again.	
Nov 4 2007 	Chill Bachelorette- totally worth it!	Seven girls traveled from all parts of the country to NYC for a bachelorette. We had a double room and a suite next to each other. We had a terrible time getting the keys synched, but otherwise, this hotel was fabulous! The staff: I arrived at 10am and they held my bags graciously until check-in. I walked down to the farmer's market at Union Square and found some beautiful flowers for the bride-to-be... asked for a vase to put the flowers in and the Giraffe staff was right on it. The doorman had the best smile ever! I agree, there is a &quot;cool aloofness&quot;of the staff in the lobby, but it is New York. The maid was as sweet as could be, as was the bellhop. I called for extra towels and ice, they arrived within minutes. Very professional and respectful indeed. The room: Clean, spacious, ample outlets for several hairdryers to operate simultaneously. Didn't find any dustbunnies or otherwise neglected spots when I was looking for outlets. :) Good iron that had strong steam. Slippers came in handy. Beds were super comfy and spacious. Didn't hear anything on the 5th floor- perhaps we were the loud ones. The unbeatable perks: The breakfast was great- definitely allowed us to save some money on food. There's always a bowl of granny smith apples- you can grab one and a glass of ice water anytime. The complimentary wine, cheese &amp; crackers in the afternoon was a huge bonus too- pepperjack, smoked gouda, red or white, champagne, no tipsexpected either!The roof top deck- great, Low key. They serve tapas and drinks up there too, but we chose to take our wine and cheese from the lobby on up, and no one hassled us for not purchasing anything.Parking- I parked in a parking lot two blocks east for pretty cheap.I made a reservation at a garage on a pretty good website (found the closest garages to your location and compared prices for the times you needed to park there, printable reservation receipt was recognized at the lot). I didn't find the walk bad at all, even with an overpacked suitcase, and had two cabs ask if I wanted a ride on the way. There's no reason to wait a long time for someone to fetch your car, when you can pay less and leave when you like. I spied one hour street parking right out front too, so if you're lucky... I highly recommend this and am trying to talk my boyfriend into taking me at Christmastime. Book it!	
Oct 30 2007 	Worth the money	The Hotel Giraffe was perfect for a special NYC weekend. Check-in was quick and easy. We requested a suite, which was only slightly more expensive than a regular room. It was definitely worth the money; we had an adequate sized bedroom, a great bathroom, and a larger than expected living room. We also requested a room that was high in the hotel to avoid the noise from the disco downstairs. We were on the 11th floor and didn't hear anything at all; the hotel was pleasantly quiet, although I overheard a woman at checkout who was apparently on a lower floor complaining that the noise bothered her. The hotel has a lot of unexpected extras, such as complimentary bottled water in the room, a complimentary wine and cheese time each evening and a complimentary breakfast each morning, with coffee, cappuccino, cereal, yogurt, danish, bagels, and fruit. You can get a pass to a local fitness center, but we didn't have time to take advantage of that. The hotel is located in a great area -- a short walk from Grammercy Park and many great restaurants. We would definitely recommend the Hotel Giraffe for a romantic weekend or business travel.	
Oct 30 2007 	Great position otherwise average and expensive	Arrived into Newark late at night and straight to the Giraffe to recover from the jet lag. First impressions were good, desk staff were efficient, decor was modern and very clean. Didn't get any help with bags, which I didn't mind but an offer of help would have been appreciated. Sheets etc on bed were high quality and the beds were very comfortable. Room was, I thought, rather small but I have been told by friends that it was large for a hotel in New York. Room Service was quick, although the meal wasn't exceptional.The hotel is ideally positioned to get anywhere, right in the middle of everywhere whilst at the same time offering a little bit of sanity from the crowds.	
Oct 19 2007 	fantastic	We booked Hotel Giraffe on the back of the positive reviews we read on this website and we were not disappointed. The hotel is really well situated and the decor is classy. We had a family room (2 double beds) for us and our 2 kids and it was spotless. It was cleaned and tidied each day (also, the beds were turned down each night and chocolates put on the pillows) The staff were absolutely, without fail, fantastic; so helpful and friendly. A special mention must go to Jose, who helped us enormously. The breakfast was ample and the complementary wine, cheese and piano each evening was most welcome. All in all we thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 6 2007	poor service and dirty carpets	stayed at Giraffe a few years ago. we loved it. great service and lovely hotel. this time staff was indifferent. we ended up with a third floor room. very noisy. we were moved with an attitude. carpet in both rooms was worn and dirty. when i booked room i stressed it was my anniversary. unimportant to staff. we moved out and went to w after one day. will not return.	
Oct 2 2007	How much do you like TECHNO?!?!?!?	I have to say that it pains me to write this review as a mixed review. My sister and I booked this hotel based on all of the rave reviews that we saw and we're very excited for a little pampering in NYC. (Maybe I should mention it was my first weekend away without kids or hub in 4 years!! So I was a bit over excited.) This hotel is amazing. The room was huge and so well equipped with every detail addressed. The bathroom was gorgeous. The room was perfect for relaxing, which is just what we wanted. In addition, the hotel had a great lobby and offered breakfast and snacks. I was very impressed. With all of these positive things to say, I hate to break the news, but this hotel has a little secret. The first night (Fri) we arrived home from dinner to watch a movie and crash. As soon as we walked in our room, there it was...The ever pulsing beat of TECHNO!!! It was so loud an quite unbearable. We tried to get over it and enjoy, but neither of us could get comfortable. At this point we called down stairs (@ 1:30 am) to complain. The front desk clerk came to our room and listened...in fact... it was some sort of techno, but he couldn't figure out where it was coming from????...a well rehearsed act. We bit the bullet and laid there. No sleep until 4 am...The next day we went to &quot;check out&quot; the restaurant/bar to see if it was the source of our problem. A young lady gave us the scoop on the food, etc and in a very excited voice told us that from 10 pm to 4 am in became a &quot;high energy lounge&quot;...BINGO! We smiled and headed right to the front desk. We asked the front desk clerk if most people who stay in our room complain about the noise and he smiled and said &quot;some&quot;. Well, then we asked to be moved to another room, where perhaps we could sleep. We were told we complained to late in the day and they only had suites available, but to move us we would have to be charged for the upgrade. Great customer service especially when the hotel obviously has had issues with this complaint before.Well, we made the mistake of not throwing a fit in the lobby and were stuck in our room above the &quot;high energy lounge&quot; up until 4 am for another night. Upon check out, we asked to speak with the manager and gave him the whole run down, but apparently managers can no longer make decisions at hotels and we would need to speak to the general manager, but he's only in on weekdays. So, we got his number.I am appalled that a hotel of this caliber would have such poor customer service, especially with an issue that has obviously arisen many times before. It's disappointing and for those of us who don't get out that often a real bummer!I haven't checked with my sister to see if this issue was resolved and we were in some way reimbursed for our lack of sleep, but regardless, at a $400.00 a night establishment, the whole thing is ridiculous!	
Sep 25 2007 	charming hotel	This was my first stay at the hotel and I iwill definitely return. I travel to New York for a week every September and have to say that this experience was one of the best. The staff was very friendly and by the third day acknowledged me by name. My boyfriend and I had a room with an adorable petite balcony overlooking Park Avenue. The room was well appointed and very clean. The rooftop area was by far my favorite aspect of the hotel I hope to return next year during my yealry visit to NYC.	
Sep 18 2007 	Great concierge	This is a great little hotel with a good location. We had a smallish room but it was very well equipped with a nice balcony!! The breakfast was very nice. We were there during new york fashion week, and one of the main fashion shows was held in an old hall opposite the hotel and from our room we could watch all the action and the celebs! The concierge is brilliant, we wanted to go to the gramercy tavern which we were unable to book ourselves, with one email to the concierge it was all booked and made the last night of our honeymoon fantastic!!! We will definitely visit again!	
Sep 16 2007 	nice boutique hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe in the days just before and over Labor Day. We requested an early check in which was accomodated after a short wait. The amenities were lovely; the room was clean and of average size (for NYC) with high thread count linens, blackout drapery and upscale bath products. We faced 26th street which was quiet. Breakfast each day was included and consisted of fruits, juices,hard boiled egg, muffins/bagels, yogurts, cereals, and coffee: an espresso/latte machine (which is available all day as well as fruit, cookies and water). Only a few NYC hotels offer breakfast included in the basic room price. This hotel is centrally located, but just a bit off the beaten path in Murray Hill, though a few nice resturants and a subway station are within 2 blocks. It has a nice roof top lounge.Going to and from JFK is a breeze using the subway, and is inexpensive.My only criticism is that the 20-something staff was a bit indifferent. They were polite, but cool. I questioned concierge about a local cinema and was sent 10 blocks away to a dodgy square, when a multiplex was located within five. Best to know your way around and read the guide books prior to leaving home. All in all, I would stay at the Hotel Giraffe again for what it offers and for its location.	
Sep 14 2007	Lovely Hotel~ Great Location	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our room was spacious and very clean with a lovely view out over the street. We loved the IHome bedside clock! We enjoyed the complimentary wine and cheese in the Grande Lobby before walking to a wonderful restaurant nearby (Eleven Madison) for dinner and then took a short cab ride to Village Vanguard for some live jazz. The continental breakfast the next morning was good too. The cappuccino machine was not working initially however that was quickly rectified. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 2 2007 	Lovely Hotel but Staff could do better!	This was our first stay to New York and after much research we chose the Hotel Giraffe.We were not at all disappointed with our choice of hotel. It is conveniently located in Park Avenue and a cab ride up to Times Square or Central Park never was more than $10. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite on the 7th floor for 5 nights. Their website pictures are 100% accurate and the room was beautiful, clean, and very comfortable indeed. We were left choccies for the turn down service each evening and the radio left quietly playing. The bed was massive - I am 5 foot 10 and my fiancee 6 foot 1 and we had loads of room! Plenty of New York guides were left in the room, which were very handy when we were planning our next trip.Our room had a small juliet balcony which we loved. You could just watch the world pass by..... We couldn't really fault our suite at all, but if I did, it would be the frosted glass in the bathroom door that you could still see through! Plus the bath was very shallow - not really deep enough for a good soak - but as the shower was superb, this was not a problem for us!Breakfast is great! Great choice of pastries, bread, bagels, jams, peanut butter, hardboiled eggs (not my choice!), fruit, cereals, yoghurts, fruit juices, coffee. Try to get there before 9 as the bread runs out quickly. I asked one female member of staff if there was any more - initially she could not understand what I was saying (?) but when she understood my question, she simply replied &quot;no&quot; and walked off! No apologies nor offer of anything else instead. I was a bit shocked to say the least.We found generally that staff never seemed to go that extra mile to help or make you feel welcome. I once asked for Italian Restaurant recommendations and was only told of one local one and then the staff member just went back to what he was doing.We were never asked if we were enjoing our stay. Never asked if it was our first trip. Never given a customer feedback questionnaire when we left. We felt we could have been anyone doing anything and as long as we paid, that was all they wanted!However, do not let this put you off the hotel - we would certainly return but just wish some of the staff were a bit more customer friendly and more helpful. They did their job, just nothing more.We packed quite a lot of sightseeing in our trip and here are our recommendations for things to do:1) Go to the Top of the Rock - Rockerfeller Center - fabulous views over New York2) Have wander round Central Park - we also had a ride in horse and carriage!3) Whilst in Central Park, their are plenty of artists who do a wicked caricature - great momento to take home!4) Do the bus tours. We did the Uptown Tour, the Downtown Tour, The Brooklyn Tour and the Night Tour (my personal favourite).5) See a show on Broadway. We saw Mumma Mia - highly recommend this!6) Do a 3 hours Circle Line Cruise round New York. Amazing sites and a must do.Of course there is always the shopping....!!Make sure you have a big memory card for your camera! I took nearly 300 hundred photos in 6 days - okay just a bit obsessive I know! Can only post 10 on Tripadvisor, but have so many great shots of the Manhattan skyline by day and by night, Empire State Building, Times Square, Statue of Liberty, World Trade Center Site etc. Basically if it was there, I have a photo of it - so if you want to see more photos or have any further questions, please just get in touch.	
Aug 30 2007 	nice boutique hotel	My daughter and I stayed at the Giraffe for 4 nights. The room was very nice, and lareg enough. The bathroom was also nice, and clean. Each night there was a turndown service, which was nice. We stayed on the 9th floor facing Park, and it was quiet. the only complaint qas that the 2 elevators were a bit slow, but overall a very nice, well located hotel. Around the corner on Park is an excellent Mexican restaurant wiht the best guacamole I have ever had!!	
Aug 29 2007 	Lovely hotel in a huge city	We have just returned from staying at the hotel and it was a very enjoyable stay. The roof top terrace is beautiful and it was so lovely having a drink in the evening. The room was excellent, very comfortable and lots of space. The staff were extremely helpful. Ideal location in New York City. Would stay here again next time we visit.	
Aug 21 2007 	loved the hotel giraffe	My husband just returned from a 5 night stay at Hotel Giraffe. What a great find ! The breakfast in the morning was more than we expected...bagels,muffins,danish,yogurt,cereal,frest fruit , boiled eggs, juices,and of course coffee. Our room was good size and very clean. Doormen very helpful and accomodating. Location close to subways and also within walking distance to many places of interest. Complinentary proseco, wines and cheeses in the early evening were a nice touch also. Our only complaint was a fight around 4am outside the hotel on Saturday night that was very noisy and irritating...but, this was no fault of the hotel. We would definately stay at Hotel Giraffe again .	
Aug 21 2007 	Third time at the Giraffe	Stayed here during early August for 4 nights. this was our third time at the Giraffe. We still love this hotel but we did find this time that the level of service was slightly down on previous times. Seemed to us that some cost cutting was taking place. The concerns were the lower standards in the lobby area for complimentary drinks /breakfast etc .......I could never seem to get a really hot cup of coffee! plus room was not cleaned one day and not until 4pm next day so we ran out of clean towels. Also one of the lifts was out of action for our entire stay which was a bit surprising.So maybe next time not our first choice and we would probably look at other hotels as well as the Giraffe and compare prices more. I do love this Hotels location though.	
Aug 15 2007 	Chic Relaxing NYC Hotel!	I just got back from NYC. I've been to New York 3 times and have stayed at a variety of hotels in the city. The first time I went I stayed at the Sofitel. Great hotel, but nothing superb. The second time I went I stayed at the Ritz Carlton Central Park. I was not impressed. For being so expensive, I expected a better hotel. This time I went I stayed half the time in Hotel Iroquois and the other half in Hotel Giraffe. I loved this hotel! The staff was nice and helpful. I had a horrible experience at Hotel Iroquois so this hotel seemed like heaven. The lobby was a great place to come relax, have a drink, and chat. There were lots of seats/tables and the environment was nice. The rooms were gorgeous/roomy. Definitely get a suit overlooking Park Avenue. The color/decor was beautiful. The location is also wonderful! I personally prefer the lower part of Manhattan as opposed to uptown. The buildings are lower and it seems more like home. The location is perfect because wonderful restaurants are nearby in Greenwich. And of course, SoHo shopping isn't too far away. Overall I loved this hotel.	
Aug 10 2007 	You've got to be kidding me...	This is my second stay at the Giraffe via a corporate account. The hotel is generally fine. Only negative is that it's a bit noisy.However, I'm writing this review from the hotel lobby while waiting for my car to be brought from the garage. I've been instructed by the staff that the wait will be upwards of 1.5 hours!!!!Yes, the time to wait for my car is measured in hours.The compensation for this absurd delay (which will translate into 2-3 since I'll now be departing in rush hour), was an offer for an on the house espresso.Now that's service! I and the rest of my company will now stay elsewhere.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great Botique hotel	We just returned from a two week trip from NYC to Boston to DC and stayed at the Hotel Giraffe 2 nights at the beginning of the trip (standard Queen w/balcony) and 3 nights at the end of the trip (jr. suite no balcony). The location is very convenient. The service is excellent, wonderful buffet breakfast, afternoon wine &amp; cheese. Everybody is attentive and extremely helpful. The rooms are spacious for NYC and the rates for the standard room are reasonable. At the last minute, we did have to add one night , a Thurs., to our stay. The only thing available was a jr. suite for $450 (their weekday rate). Since we didn't want to have to move after one night, and the rate went down to $379 on wkends, we took it for all 3 nights. We did have a separate room w/couch, tv, table &amp; chairs. However, the jr. suite was rather dark because the front room faced a brick wall with offices (so we had to keep the shades down during the day on Thurs &amp; Fri.) and the bedroom faced offices above Staples (so we had to keep shades closed there also). I would stay there again but would ask which direction the rooms faced.	
Aug 5 2007 	Great location	The Giraffe is in a great neighborhood. Young folks seem to flock to Barna and Dos Caminos next door. The staff is slightly aloof, but in a relatively pleasant Manhattan way. Short walk to a 24 hour deli, decent &quot;Pax&quot; breakfast place &amp; Chelsea/Union Square happenings. Definitely worth a repeat stay!	
Jul 30 2007	best hotel in this neighborhood!	Absolutely the best hotel in this area of NYC. I think I've stayed in every other hotel from Soho to 34th st. and the Hotel Giraffe was by far the best. The staff is so friendly and helpful, the rooms well appointed and clean, a very, VERY good deal for NYC.	
Jul 30 2007 	Beauty and Class at the Hotel Giraffe	For our future trips into NYC, we will always stay at this stylish, beautiful and classy hotel. Compared to other Manhatatn hotels, with their cramped, tired rooms, ridiculous prices and stuffy staff, the Hotel Giraffe soars above the mundane to offer a very special experience. The rooms are decorated with soothing and sophisticated colors and every conveniece was at our fingertips -- from an umbrella for a rainy day to a sound and light-blocking window shade that was controlled by a switch next to the bed. This is a most beautifully designed hotel with impeccable interiors, spacious rooms, lovely bathrooms and a professional and courteous staff. Well done!!	
Jul 24 2007 	Another wonderful stay at the Giraffe	Stayed 3 nights in a suite at the Giraffe last week. The room was absolutely wonderful. So clean and beautifully furnished. It was so quiet and peaceful. This was our 3rd stay at this hotel. As usual we enjoyed the breakfasts and afternoon wine and cheese. We cannot wait to go back to this hotel. We always say that we should try another hotel but why mess with a great thing!	
Jul 23 2007 	Comfortable pleasurable stay	We stayed only one night but very much enjoyed our comfortable, pleasurable, tastefully appointed room. Regretted not having the time to fully take advantage of the wine and cheese hour--but did grab a cracker and cheese in passing. The breakfast buffet was also quite nice. Would definitely come again and highly recommend it.	
Jul 17 2007 	like Home away from home!!!	My daughter attends NYU so we decided it would be nice to take in a play last weekend and stay in a Boutique Hotel and treat ourselves. We wanted to escape the crowds and craziness of NYC and could not have found a better choice than the Hotel Giraffe! The room was spacious and even had a nice balcony to sit and enjoy the outdoors. Great closet space and the hotel even GIFTED my daughter with as free pair of slippers which was a nice touch. We loved watching the flat screen TV til late hours with so may stations and choices. The Bed was like being at home. This is the first time I can remember sleeping in an Hotel bed that did not cause me aches and pains the following morning! Great Bathroom too! Lots of places to eat nearby although I would NOT recommend HALLES French restaurant down the street. POOR service !!! The Hotel Giraffe is a GEM and I will be sure to return! I am in NYC often and look forward to more stays there!	
Jul 17 2007 	Charming place and great location!	We spent 2 nights at the Hotel Giraffe before a cruise in June and loved the hotel. The room was a decent size by NYC standards and the bathroom and amenities were first rate. The continental breakfast buffet was very good, too. The staff was very accommodating. Though our room was not ready when we arrived, the bell man stored our luggage and delivered it as soon as we got our keys. We took a short walk to Madison Square Park and had lunch. It's a great neighborhood.My only criticism of the hotel is there was a considerable amount of street noise when the garbage trucks came through around 11pm - midnight. We were on the 4th floor and it's possible that the noise might be less intrusive on a higher floor. I mentioned it to the front desk after the first night and they were sympathetic and offered to re-locate us to a higher floor. We declined because we only had one more night. The noise was still present on the second night but not as bad. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. I loved the location and loved the room/bathroom. It's an easy walk to Chelsea, Union Square, Soho, Grand Central Station. It's a great alternative to hotels in Midtown/Times Square.	
Jul 17 2007 	Very nice hotel.	We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite Saturday night 7/7/7. The hotel staff called in advance to find out our arrival time (late morning), and had a room ready when we arrived. Everyone was very nice, the room was clean &amp; functional, well appointed.The stay was excellent &amp; I would return again.	
Jul 15 2007 	great stay at the giraffe	My boyfriend and I stayed here for three nights at the beginning of our NY stay. I had previously emailed the hotel to advise them that we were celebrating our anniversary and if possible could we have a room on a high floor. On our arrival, even though we arrived three hours before the check in time, we were able to go to our room which was on the 11th floor. The bay windows in the room are fantastic and the room itself was very large with nice big closets and a big bathroom. The dvd and cd player in the room was great to have. When we arrived back to our room on the first night, we were pleasantly suprised to find a bottle of champagne in our room and a note saying congrats on our special occasion. It was a great touch. The champagne and wine with cheese in the evening was great and there was tea and coffee, fruit and pastries available during the day. The pianist that was there on the friday night was fantastic and it created a great atmosphere. There was a subway stop right opposite the hotel but the entrance closes at 7 in the evening so you have to walk two blocks down to the other entrance after that time, but it only takes a minute or two so it was very handy. Union square was about 5 minutes walk away and it was great to have the restaurants and the bars nearby. Breakfast was great with bagels, cream cheese, fruit, youghurts, pastries and cereals. There was also a computer in the lobby which was connected to a printer if you needed to print anything. Staff were helpful without being too smothering. Check out was quick and they had a cab straight away for us to go onto our next hotel. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 13 2007 	very relaxing great location-nice hotel	I really like this hotel. I have been traveling to NY for the past nine years for work and have stayed in sevral parts of the city in different hotels. I have been staying at this hotel for the past year on four separate trips. This trip lasted 7 days and I had a king room with a balcony overlooking park avenue.- heres the stuff I liked--I really like the location, the staff and the small but thoughtful perks. I liked the mebership to real fitness club it was close and well equipped. I liked the black out shades for the floor to celing windows. I liked the balcony. I liked the espresso,breakfast and wine and cheese hours. I liked the overall feel of the hotel.Heres the stuff I felt could use improvement- The soaps in the room I didnt care for the brand or the quality. the rooms felt a little tired for the price. they originally put me in a room on the 10th floor with regular windows overlooking 26th basically i was staring into another building and the thought of being in this room for seven nights didnt excite me-so I asked tobe moved and was accomodated----whew!! anyway the rating would have rbaly been a little different.Overall I like this hotel and will stay here again.	
Jul 12 2007 	Great base	Stayed here for 4 nights mainly because of the location. Some nice personal touches gave it a boutiquey feel although as the lobby is the only real central area it did feel like a business hotel. Staff were helpful. Room was stylishly furnished and immaculately clean. Only caveat is that if you stay in the suites on the top floor you are next to the roof bar, which I found really noisy. Good if you want to join in though!	
Jul 11 2007 	Quiet oasis in the middle of New York	My husband and I stayed here for 7 nights at the end of June 07 and had a great trip. It was our second visit to New York so having visited a lot of the tourist sights previously we were looking for a relaxing stay in a relaxing hotel. The Hotel Giraffe didn't disappoint.Our room was clean and nicely decorated. The ipod docking station was a nice touch, as was the turn down service which you would expect from a hotel of this class.Breakfast in the mornings was sufficient for what we wanted with cereal, bagels, fruit and yoghurts. Don't get there too late if you want the pick of the pastries though! We enjoyed the tea and coffee that was always available throughout the day, and of course the cheese and wine. It was just a shame that during the evenings there wasn't much of an atmosphere in the lobby. Although the pianist did try.The rooftop bar was a nice way to start an evening. The bar downstairs was a nice way to end it as well!The staff were very pleasant and very discreet. Available if you needed their assistance but not over-friendly which suited us Brits!The only reason that I haven't given 5 stars was down to the fact that our room wasn't ready when we arrived. Ok, it was an hour earlier than the normal check-in but when we reported back to the desk at the correct time we were asked to wait another hour. I just wanted a shower and to change my clothes after travelling so this wasn't great. Also, the walls of our room were rather thin. Although this may be more to do with the noisy neighbours we had on our first night than the hotel's fault!All in all, I would recommend The Giraffe. Great subway connections, nice staff and in a central but not too touristy location.	
Jul 8 2007 	loved the giraffe	we stayed for our 27th anniversary for one night and it was definitely too short - very charming and cozy lobby with beautiful exotic fresh flowers - wine and cheese with the piano bar adds a warm touch to the evenings - we will be back for some more - very interested in the july 4th yacht cruise for '08.	
Jul 7 2007	Great boutique hotel	We stayed at Hotel Giraffe during May for 5 nights. It was the first time in New York for our 14 year old daughter and myself but my husband has been there on business before. The bedroom was spacious and stylish. Large taupe coloured headboards, white bedding and pink blinds.  We asked one of the staff at the front desk if they could recommend a restaurant that was nearby on our first night and within walking distance of the hotel. They suggested Y Trulli, which was a delightful Italian restaurant that had a courtyard with a fountain...great food and atmosphere. It was very warm whilst in New York, so it was lovely to eat outside in the evening. We would stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 28 2007 	Perfect accomodation for proposal in NYC	I booked a corner suite at the Giraffe as a surprise for my girlfriend when we were visiting NYC over Easter. She was completely exhilarated when we walked into our 6th floor room(s). It's spacious, beautifully furnished and very comfortable. The pre-ordered sparkling wine only made our arrival more memorable.Due to a number of different reasons (including nerves) I didn't propose then and there, but it made for a perfect backdrop to a vacation I'll remember for the rest of my life.I can only concur with what everybody else has said about location, service, breakfast and the cocktail hour. Next time I'm in NYC, either for business or for pleasure, I will stay no other place.	
Jun 27 2007 	Very pleased with the Giraffe	We just came home from 4 nights at the Giraffe. The rooms were much larger than the chain hotels we have stayed in before and like the rest of the hotel, spotless. We found the breakfast an enjoyable experiance. It is simple but frankly we eat too much in New York and so fruit salad and a bagle was fine. We also enjoyed the free (and pretty good) wine every evening, except Sunday!! The Giraffe is in a good area though a little far from some points. We could always get a taxi easily. We would definately stay again.	
Jun 27 2007 	Wonderful boutique hotel	Just returned from a four night stay with my 16 year old daughter. Booked after reading previous write-ups and was not disappointed. Lovely hotel with absolutely wonderful staff from which nothing is too much trouble from the front desk staff to the lady that cleaned our room everyone was polite and made us feel welcome. The rooms are lovely, we shared a deluxe twin with balcony. Large room with loads of mirrors (just what a sixteen year old needs). Bathroom was well stocked with plenty of excellent products. Complimentary breakfast is good but would say that it would be great if they could provide a cooked breakfast or buffet, but this will in now way stop us from staying there again and I will definitely recommend it to all my friends.Hotel is in a good area within walking distance of shops and a metro on the doorstep. Definitely a good place to stay and would be more than a 3.5* if they provided a buffet breakfast.	
Jun 25 2007	Perfect Hotel!! Perfect Location and Perfect Everything!	Awesome time!! Me and my sisters met for the weekend and we loved the location perfect to travel uptown or downtown--walking!! The staff was helpful and friendly. The rooms were great, the rooftop was perfect to chill with friends and Barna was a great place to end the night at, dancing or just people watching!! We loved the cleanliness and simpleness of the lobby and how our stay included breakfast daily and nightly wine and cheese, we also loved having coffee and tea and fruits during the day. This Hotel I would highly recommend. We were so glad we didnt stay in the tourist trap of times square yet it was in walking distance as well as union square and tribeca, soho etc. we were able to relax and unwind in our room or the rooftop or lobby when we were not busy cruising the streets of NYC!! Thanks Giraffe, we will be back!!	
Jun 23 2007 	Stayed 4 nights at the Giraffe	We stayed in a suite at the Giraffe for 4 nights. The suite was nicely furnished and the bed was extremely comfortable. There was a tremendous amount of closet space - unusual for NYC hotels, but very litte drawer space. A sofa bed (not the best for either sitting or sleeping) in the livingroom, which had a flat screen TV (seemed small for the space, and didn't seem calibrated correctly). We had a &quot;balcony&quot; (french doors that openned onto Park Ave, but you could not step out). The only odd thing about the room was that the bathroom door is mostly glass - not obscured glass, but ribbed glass. Basically, you can see exactly what is going on in the bathroom from outside the bathroom. It can make things a little embarassing if you plan to use the suite for entertaining others, or people are bashful. Given the placement of the fixtures, not much is left to the imagination. There is a night club in the hotel which was very noisy on Thursday and Friday nights. Ask for a high floor if your room overlooks Park Ave. Breakfast is adequate but very uninspired, and they are not able to accommodate any requests - we asked for a banana to have with cereal, none available. Seems like something that could and should be available. Breakfast was on par with a moderate price chain hotel. Evening wine and cheese as well as coffee/tea are a nice convenience. There was nothing wrong with our stay, but the staff somehow seem unattached and make no efforts to communicate with guests. We make a habit of staying at smaller hotels and are used to staff who seem more engaged than this crew did. It is a nice hotel, but it would not take much to up it's ranking by more personal service and some creativity with the breakfast bar. This is not an inexepensive place, and once you get into the $500 per night range, I think most travelers expect a little more. Still overall, a positive experience, it just missed the mark.	
Jun 1 2007 	Hotel Giraffe! Everything I Expected and So Much More!	Our first trip to NYC ! Stayed 4 nights beginning on Sunday of Memorial Day weekend. Traveled with my 14yr old daughter and her best friend and Mother. We stayed 4 nights at the charming Hotel Giraffe and shared a double room. All the wonderful amenities were just as you see on the hotel website. Very clean and roomy ! We loved the fact that the hotel was not a large chain hotel in the middle of other busier areas of NYC. Location was a cab ride away ( $6 - $ 12) per trip to locations in NYC, which is a bargin for 4 people ! Bank of America, Starbucks, Walgreens all nearby within a block. Hotel Giraffe breakfast was superb each morning ! (boiled eggs, mixed fruit, cereal, bagels, muffins, yogart, juices, coffee, tea, milk...etc ) We loved the fact we didn't have to run and waste valuable time each morning to find a place to eat. Also, we enjoyed the cocktail time in the early evening, with wine/cheeses...didn't get to enjoy each day due to our busy site-seeing, but definitely worth time to enjoy this hotel offering ! Hotel also offers laptop downstairs for checking your business email, or any other need. Hotel staff was friendly and always very professional on any our our requests ( example extra towels, pillows, etc.) I would book our next stay at Hotel Giraffe again if we get back to NYC !	
May 24 2007	we will return	If the large convention type stay is not what you are looking for, Hotel Giraffe is the place for that escape. Rooms are not large but they are impeccable and quiet. The lobby is delightful with a small bar and' your wish is my command' style service. HG is a terrific location within walking distance to great restaurants and a lovely park. We have a lot of NY City experience, and this was one of the best.	
May 23 2007 	Good but do not stay on lower floor!!!	We stayed here at the end of April and the hotel is indeed very nice but definitely lacked atmosphere. I would agree with another reviewerwho said that the lobby area was rather lonely during the cheese and wine reception. I felt that this because the majority of guests were there on business. Rooms are very nice BUT despiet requesting a higher floor room we were given a room on either the 1st of 2nd floor and the noise from the bar below is TERRIBLE.. y'know when you can feel the vibrations from noise? Well that's how it is. We were exhausted after a transatlantic flight and really didn't need this. We were moved to the 6th fllor next day after complaining and we didn't have any subsequent problems. Location is good enough.. the area surrounding the hotel is a bit soul-less but union square is about a 7 minute walk away. It would probably take you 12 minutes to walk to the empire state. Do not under any circumstances make international calls from this hotel .. it was daylight robberry!! Would I stay here again? Probably not.. I would think that there is better value to be had and a better atmosphere in other hotels.. planto stay nearer to Soho the next time.	
May 21 2007 	Nice but not without problems.....	Just stayed two nights at the Giraffe and its a nice boutique hotel in NYC. The rooms are sharply decorated and comfortable. We had to move rooms the second night because of an availability issue and they moved us from the 5th floor to the 2nd which turned out to be really noisy. That room was $130 more than the first and not half as comfortable as the first one.. The fact that we were not there when they moved us meant we could not complain when we were moved to the most least desirable room in the hotel....front corner over Park Avenue. By the time we returned to the hotel, we were short on time to get to dinner and didn't say a word. The upsides of the visit was nice complimentary breakfast they offer and the fact that you can have it sent to your room for $5. Also, the rooms are lovely and the bell staff was very attentive. The downsides: one of the reasons we chose the hotel was because of its wireless internet service in the rooms. Unfortunately, their service provider had problems and there was no internet service during our visit. This was irritating beyond words and the front desk staff was very nonchalant about it. Needless to say, trying to stay connected to my real estate business by email late at night and early in the morning was difficult and stressful. The other issue I had with the hotel was the fact that you cannot even write a personal check for $50 a day. Most upscale hotels will let you do this and I never thought to ask in advance about this. In NYC, you run through cash like crazy with taxis and its nice to know you can write a check if you need it. This hotel has the makings of a top tier boutique hotel, but they need to make a few adjustments to be better. I probably would not stay there again. The only reason to stay there if its near perfect experience with regard to creature comforts. Otherwise, you have to walk 10-15 blocks in either direction to get anywhere near Union Square or shopping on the Upper East Side.	
May 13 2007	really as good as its rating here suggests	I booked my mother and grandmother here for six nights when they came out to NY for a visit, and it was a perfect choice. The lobby is not huge or lavish by most standards, but it is very comfortable and welcoming, with lots of fresh flowers. The room was a very good size by NY standards, and was very well laid out to maximize space, with a flat panel TV, french doors (there was a lot of natural light in the room by NY standards), and large bathroom. The furniture was quite nice, very clean and modern lines, and the beds were very comfortable. There were also plants in the room, which was a very nice touch.The location was one of the reasons I picked this hotel, as there are very few hotels close to our neighborhood (the village). Because the hotel is on park avenue, it is very simple and easy to catch a cab down to the village or up to midtown. It is away from the more hectic tourist areas like times square/rock center, but still easily accessible to these areas via subway or cab. There are not only very good restaurants directly downstairs, but many other excellent restaurants within a few-block radius (e.g., Novita, 11 Madison Park, Tabla, Country)Where this hotel really excelled was in its service and its amenities. I dealt with the desk staff on reservations, check-in and payment, and the service was friendly and efficient. My mother and grandmother really enjoyed the breakfast and cocktail hour that were included with the room rate. They also ate at the restaurant affiliated with the hotel, and were impressed with the food and the service. They had wonderful experiences with every staff member they spoke with, and really raved about this place as a perfect home away from home. The next time I have out of town guests to put up, I will absolutely put them here.One minor thing that I haven't seen in other reviews. The restaurant downstairs turns into a very popular bar on Thurs.-Sat. - you can certainly hear the music and the crowds in the lobby, and could hear them a bit from a 3rd floor room. It wasn't too bad, but is something to be aware of.	
May 2 2007 	Quiet hotel	I agree with the previous reviewer. I had a two bedroom suite. The bedrooms were small, although I really liked the balconies that had with French doors that opened. Definitely ask for a high floor, because you will have less noise and a better view. The breakfast was adequate--pastries and juice and coffee--but nothing exceptional. The staff were not overly attentive at breakfast. Wine in the afternoon was complimentary, but a coke for my daughter was charged to our room both nights. This is a very quiet hotel, and I would stay there again, but I also will try other hotels to compare them before returning.	
Apr 26 2007 	Nice but very silent	We stayed at this hotel 5 nights for a touristy visit to NY. Having stayed in other 4*/5* hotels for business purposes we specially selected this hotel on the basis of the tripadvisor reviews.Our room was very clean and nicely decorated and reasonable in size, but there was nothing what would differentiate the room or make it extra special.The so often mentioned wine and snacks are very nice but most of the days we were the only ones enjoying them so it was a &quot;lonely&quot; experience. This bar, lobby and reception are all in the same 100 square meter open space and it lacks a cozy atmosphere, especially if there is only a few people thereBreakfast is ok but do not expect a full continental breakfast.The staff is very helpful and made restaurant bookings prior to our arrival at Nobu and Blue Water Grill.	
Apr 22 2007	LOVED IT!	My mother and I stayed at the GIraffe hotel for 3 nights and thoroughly enjoyed it. The room was large by New York standards with a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was big with a very useful marble top, great for storage. The breakfast and drinks throughout the day were very good and the ambiance during the complimentary drinks in the evening was very pleasant. The location was good, being near madison and union square both good for restaurants and shops. I would definately recommend it to anyone thinking of staying at this hotel. Tips: If you are visiting New York as a tourist make sure to make an early visit to the statue of liberty and the empire state building as queues become horrendous later in the day. Also as a teenager I was thrilled to hear there was a topshop on Howard Street, so dragged my mum there grabbing the chance to get some topshop clothes at cheaper prices. There is NOT one there it is a rather shabby area and not really near anything so do not make the same mistake we did. Also Alice Underground has closed down to my disappointment (another treck was taken to find that out). If you like vintage and individual clothing I would definately make a visit to Orchard Street GREAT SHOPPING. And if you are going to Orchard street i would advise brunch/lunch at a little cafe that looks like a bakery( I am unable to remember the name). It is on the corner of a block of shops and opposite a juice bar called something like 'oeuffs, frommage....'. The french toast was amazing and also the smoked salmon, poached egg salad!!!!!THE GIRAFFE HOTEL WAS BRILLIANT :)	
Apr 17 2007	Great European Style Boutique Hotel	Date: Apr 15, 2007Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Giraffe. Wonderful small hotel. Rooms are small but very well appointed. We stayed in a deluxedouble with a balcony on the 9th floor. There is some nearby construction but it was not troubling to us. Everyone at the hotel was very welcoming and helpful. We would stay here again and recommend it to all.	
Apr 16 2007 	Giraffe exceeded our expectations	We stayed in hotel Giraffe over Easter 2007 and thought it was a brilliant hotel. The room was really nice - luxurious but tasteful - and the location was great too. The best bit was that they had free wine and cheese in the foyer every evening - fantastic! We paid approximately £150 for our room per night and based on what friends have told me about the £100 a night hotels thay have stayed in in NYC, it was well worth paying the extra money for a hotel that was so pleasant. We'd definitely reccommend the Giraffe.	
Apr 10 2007	Great Hotel	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Hotel Giraffe to celebrate my daughter's 21st birthday. We had a Deluxe Double room on the 9th floor with a balcony and would recommend the hotel to anyone wanting a small friendly hotel with helpful staff. We took advantage of the complimentary breakfast and wine/cheese in the early evening and it was lovely to be greeted by the staff who seemed genuinley interested in how we were enjoying our stay.The hotel is in a good position, only a very short walk from the 28th St subway station and the bus stops right outside. We bought a 7 day Metro card for $24 each which was good value and travelled all over Manhattan.	
Apr 5 2007	A wonderful little hotel	One warning: there is construction going on across the street and so make sure they give you a room as high up as possible. Otherwise, a really lovely little hotel. The rooms are beautiful, there's a terrific continental breakfast in the morning, and the service is very good--when I complained about the noise they moved me to another room (although they did keep telling me &quot;this is New York,&quot; which kind of irritated me since I was aware of what city I was in, thank you very much). I had a very comfortable two night stay and would definitely recommend it.	
Apr 1 2007	Great hotel	I had a very nice experience at Hotel Giraffe. It's a boutique hotel, but without the pretentiousness of many such hotels in NYC. The staff was friendly and accomodating. The rooms are clean and decently sized (and have nice high ceilings). Even the continental breakfast is better than most.Recommended.	
Mar 29 2007	A Happy Mom	It was my third or fourth time staying in this charming yet elegant hotel. You can not beat great and consistent service. I do not know how they do it, staff is always pleasant, friendly and ready to help. My room was spotless, and I just love the chocolate they give you at night on your bedside. Breakfast is always a plus, and the wine hours during the afternoon is just such a plus. My son is attending to NYU. Four the next four years I will sure to continue staying at the Giraffe.	
Mar 26 2007 	Wonderful Stay	Hotel Giraffe is an amazing find in a city full of hotel options. This trip included my husband, who had meetings in the city, and myself. I did quite a bit of online research before I booked with Hotel Giraffe, and was not disappointed. The location is perfect. The rooms are very nice - great bathrobes and slippers, flat-screen television and high speed/wireless internet connectivity. We had a king size deluxe room, which was really roomy and comfortable. The decor is tasteful, relaxing, and not overly stuffy. I loved the big dark wood doors.The absolute best perks are the included continental breakfast, evening wine &amp; cheese receptions, and coffee bar. Not only does it add tremendously to the value of your stay, but the food and drinks are of superior quality and the lobby is decorated beautifully. The staff was great - accommodating, approachable and professional. Overall, Hotel Giraffe is an amazing value for NY city. It is certainly not inexpensive, but when you take into account the included ammenities, lovely accomodations and personal service, I don't think there is a better hotel. We will definitely stay there again.	
Mar 24 2007 	Superb Hotel	We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for the St. Patrick's day weekend. The staff was very friendly, and the ammenities great. They offer a free continental breakfast each morning, wine and cheese in the afternoon. It happened to be not so nice weather that weekend and the doorman passed out umbrellas at the front entrance to anyone who requested one.I am quite picky when it comes to cleanliness and this hotel is spotless. We truely enjoyed our stay here and will recommend this hotel to others.	
Mar 22 2007	Very comfortable enjoyable experience!	My friend and I have just returned for a week long stay in the Hotel Giraffe and it was a thoroughly enjoyable experience. The staff were friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast was a definite bonus, each morning they offered a tastey selection of pastries, various types of bagels as well as fresh fruit and coffee - although you had be to be early to benefit from the full selection. Our room twin room was very comfortable and had two dressing tables, which suits two women sharing. We didn't feel cramped, as the room was large and the closet size was adequate for our many purchases. We both loved the turndown service and the dark chocolate provided each night. The hotel is conveniently located close to the subway, and I would advise anyone staying for a week to purchase a 7 day unlimited travel card for $24 it works out the most cost effective way of travelling as this can be used on buses too.Will most definitely be visiting again in the not too distant future.	
Mar 16 2007 	Warning They Overbook!	After travelling 8 hours to arrive in NYC. I brought in my Orbitz confirmation for a reservation. The cold response at the front desk was sorry we just booked our last room. They told me I could pay for a cab togo to their sister hotel and that hotel would would be happy to offer me a room for $60.00 more.The &quot;manager&quot; was so indifferent that I thought I was on Candid Camera.	
Mar 13 2007 	Great find!	I can't recall how we stumbled upon the Hotel Giraffe (and at a good price!), but I'm glad we did. It's on our list for places to consider next time we're in NYC.The hotel looks so slight and discreet from the outside, but there's plenty of seating in the lobby and breakfast, beverages, and snacks for all to enjoy. We took advantage of it a few times, and we weren't the only ones. It certainly adds to the comfort of the hotel when there's an energy from people using the common areas.The room was not large, but it was attractive. We slept well (and late) both mornings. An Internet connection was free in the room - something we greatly appreciate.It's probably the little touches, then, that had us most happy. A doorman greeting us, opening the door. A complimentary glass of wine or two before we headed out to dinner. Availability of breakfast until 11 in the morning - ideal for a sleep in.We've stayed in more luxurious places and bigger rooms, but that's the only reason for me not giving the Hotel Giraffe a 5 rating. All in all, a very nice stay in the city.	
