	Good Standard clean and efficient. Very central for shops and sights	Overall a good hotel and we enjoyed our stay. Facilities are good and staff are helpful.We were very annoyed by the 11 dollars charge for using the phone for local calls even if you only connected for seconds. Outrageous price. Don't know what the food was like, we always ate out even for breakfast. There's plenty of choice around. Wifi was expensive and only payable by the day, though there is free internet terminals in the executive lounge.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great Location Concierge Service Useful	If you want to make your visit to NYC easier, stay here. Reasonable by NYC standards, and very centrally located to Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall.Use the concierge service to get transportation and tourist advice, but I wouldn't necessarily go with their restaurant suggestions.Get some free Hilton Points by visiting the promo desk.The negative is that they charge for internet access. Do you hear &quot;Gouge the Guest&quot;?	
Nov 16 2009 	LOVED the Hilton.	This is the 3rd Hilton-owned property I have stayed at within the past year or so and I can honestly say this is my favourite hotel chain. They just are very good at what they do. The service from check-in to maid service to the person who came up to fix our tv converter was excellent. The location couldn't be beat--right across from Radio City Music Hall, one block north of Rockefeller Center, a few blocks South of Central Park, just a few blocks North of Times Square. The hotel was comfortable, quiet, convenient. Just wonderful! Word of warning though, the breakfast buffet is very expensive.at $86 including tip for two people. Yikes!! Broke the budget in one meal!!	
Nov 10 2009 	Disappointing	Am a regular frequenter of Hilton for business trips but this one was a disappointment. Admittedly none of these on their own is enough to be a big deal as no hotel is perfect but the combination made it an overall unpleasant experience and intend to avoid this hotel. Laundry list of issues were:- we had 2 separate reservations (first night was business, second two nights were pleasure) and they were unable to accomodate getting us into the same room, or having a room available when we checked out of the previous room. Despite multiple assurances from staff that it would be smoothly taken care of. On top of this the staff was rude to my girlfriend for even asking the next day (even though it had been promised)- my girlfriend arrived a few hours before I could at the hotel as I was tied up in meetings. Despite having added her name to the reservation and the room being prepaid they made her put a credit card down for some unexplained reason and we had to call the hotel to get the hold removed- elevators were painfully slow and had to wait for at least 3 or 4 to come by that weren't filled to the brim- the morning we left I ran the shower for at least 10 minutes and could not get hot water to appear. As I had a flight to catch had to go without a shower as did not have enough time to call to get it checked- one of the elevators smelled like vomit. When called the front desk I was rerouted to a line that didn't pick up (instead of the receptionist taking action) and nothing was fixed while we were there- halls were a mess - broken glass from room service trays that were left out more than 24 hours- our room had a random unexplained hole in the wall	
Nov 8 2009 	Great Location around the corner from MoMA	Staying here worked out really well for a fun long weekend in NYC. The location was great for all we wanted to do- very close to MoMA, Times Square TKTS, top of the Rock and close to the subway. The room was great- very clean and modern with extremely comfortable beds. The elevators worked great with little or no waiting (unlike the Marriott Marquis where I've stayed previously.) Loved the fact that the Starbucks was downstairs so we could get coffee and muffins in the morning and bring them up to the room. Luggage drop off was very convenient.	
Nov 1 2009 	Nice location - Very Pricey	Location was great. Helpful staff. They now are selling units as timeshares - got VERY sick of the &quot;time share sharks&quot; continually harassing us.Would go back IF I COULD GET A DEAL - for full price, it is not worth it.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great Location But Over Priced	I stayed at this Hilton for one night with my husband due to a conference i needed to attend the following day. During check in we were treated as if we were Honors Members, the staff went out of their way to assist us. I had reserved a room with one king bed and instead was given a double. We were told the room was brand new, and it did appear that it was newly remodeled, however it did seem small. The room was on the 10th floor with a great view. We did not have any problems with elevators as others have reported. Now the down side. The hotel has WiFi but you have to pay extra for it. At almost $400 per night that seems insulting. Upon Check out if you would like to store your bags there is a $3.50 per bag charge for that also. I do realize that this is New York City, however the extra costs and the costs of food inside the hotel are insane. The Hotel is in a great area of the city with easy access to pretty much anywhere. I would reccommend this hotel to a friend only if they were wealthy.	
Oct 28 2009 	Best holiday ever - top hotel - top location	My husband and I travelled here back in December 2006 for NYE taking us into 2007. NY was really busy but the hotel wasn't mad busy like some of the other reviews suggest. Location was spot on - right in-between Central Park &amp; Times Square so ideal for sight seeing. The hotel was pretty plush although we were out too much to use all of the facilities. Would recommend staying here. We got a good price (Expedia) considering it was New Year. Worth checking out before paying for a budget hotel. NY itself fantastic – best place I’ve ever visited. We didn’t do much shopping as on a budget but so much to see and the people are really friendly. We went for 5 nights but could have stayed a month! I could add a million sightseeing photos but only included ones of the hotel.	
Oct 28 2009 	Rooms vary a lot. Not enough elevators!	Like a train station but reliable. Good new gym. Not enough elevators during peak hours. Long waits and full cars. Rooms vary a lot - if yours is unrenovated ask for another. Beds small. They charge too much for business center use and luggage storage. Bit of a long walk from Times Square. Restaurant is bad quality and is often closed. No laundry services on weekends.	
Oct 27 2009	Great hotel albeit too busy!!	We stayed here because we had an afternoon performance of Wicked, and we also had tickets to see the New York Yankees in Game 6 of the American League Championship (The Yankees won the pennant, by the way). We booked this hotel on short notice, and were surprised they had rooms available, given that the city was very busy!! This hotel is HUGE, with almost 2000 rooms. This is very evident in that the lobby is CONSTANTLY busy; with queues for checking in, storing your luggage, and even for taxis. We were upgraded for a small fee to the Executive Level, with access to the Club Lounge on the 44th Floor. The Club Floors occupy the top 12 floors, and have their own set of elevators. Our room was located on the 42nd Floor. It had a great view of Central Park, which was almost ablaze in fall colors. The room was a bit small, but this is New York, and spaciousness is hard to come by. The beds were very comfortable.The Executive Lounge is very nicely appointed. However, it is often busy, given the size of the &quot;club level&quot; of this hotel. They offered an assortment of cheese and finger foods during the evening, as well as a continental breakfast in the morning. The hotel is in a great location; just a few blocks from Central Park, Times Square, and Rockefeller Center. Several subway stations are also within walking distance, and so this hotel can be a great base for exploring all New York has to offer. All in all; I was satisfied with the Hilton New York. The only thing I really did not like too much was how busy the place was. However, this is the largest hotel in New York, and that is not the staff's fault. In fact, the staff was very accomodating.	
Oct 20 2009 	It is a fine too busy hotel	My room was clean, cozy and everything worked. The lobby is so bustling as to be too busy. Parking the car was not all that easy and getting the luggage a trial. But the space is familiar to me, the location very central, and best of all... it is across the street from the best street dining in NY, two halal carts often called 53rd and Chicken (actually at the corner of 6th.) Great food for $6 meal. So how to complain? Fast walk to theatre, dining, and all of midtown. It's the NY Hilton, and that is just fine.	
Oct 20 2009 	That will be the last time I'll stay at this hotel	I've stayed at this property at least 10 times over the past 6 years and it's consistently gone down hill. They no longer offer a complimentary continental breakfast to the HHoners members in the breakfast room. Instead you get a coupon for a medium drink and pastry at the Starbucks located on the property. I was told that they &quot;had to make cuts after the stock market crashed.&quot; What a bunch of garbage! Most of the rooms haven't yet been renovated, despite the fact that they supposedly did that in 2007. My room on the 26th floor smelled like cigarette smoke, the furniture looked old and worn, there was no in-room safe, and the TV was a small CRT screen. Since the hotel was fully booked for an AFLAC convention I had to stay in that hell-hole for two days before I could move to a nicer room on the 9th floor.Only one of the three elevators was working, so I had to wait 8-10 minutes for an elevator which was usually packed to capacity.The hotel thought is was appropriate to play a video about AFLAC on a constant loop in the elevators. Since I don't work for AFLAC and don't really care about AFLAC I was made to suffer through this video constantly at the rate of $330 per night.They only had one person working the front desk when I checked in on Saturday evening. That isn't at all sufficient for a 500 room (I'm guessing) hotel. They're obviously pushing guests to use the kiosks instead.The constant bombardment to tour their time-share Hilton Club was most annoying. They even left voice mails for me. Low class!On a bright note, the housekeeping staff is extremely polite and friendly. That's definitely an improvement.	
Oct 17 2009 	Class	We booked an eastbound Atlantic crossing with Cunard with a two-night stay in New York to start the holiday, and Cunard booked us into the Hilton on 6th Avenue. Frankly, I was not looking forward to the stay because of comments in other reviews about traffic noise in the rooms, long queues for check-in, long waits for the lifts and harrassment from time-share sharks.We arrived at the hotel just after 12.30 and checked straight in - no queues. We grabbed our cases off the minibus, thus depriving the bellboys a chance to fleece us for porterage. According to the Hilton website, check-in starts from 16.00, so I don't know if Cunard had arranged an earlier check-in for their passengers. The check-in process took hardly any time so we proceeded cautiously to the lifts on the other side of a huge reception area, keeping a wary eye out for the dreaded time-share bozos. There was no sign of them - indeed, we didn't see a single one during our entire stay. Hopefully the management have got rid of these awful people. There were four sets of lifts, one each for different groups of floors. We were on the 10th floor, and our set of lifts serviced as far up as floor 15 so we hardly had to wait at all - it MAY be a different story for higher floors but we never saw any queues at the other sets, and the cars were all of a good size.We consider the room to be of a good size, but it's probably small by American standards. The bed was extremely comfortable, as was the sofa. There was a large LCD-screen TV on the dresser with a limited selection of channels which weren't that easy to access, having to trawl through an extensive menu of pay-per-view channels first (do they HAVE to have &quot;adult&quot; channels featured so prominently?). The bathroom was a good size with a large walk-in shower. My wife is a light sleeper but she said she could hardly hear the traffic, even though we were overlooking 6th Avenue.The mini-bar is sealed with a break-off plastic tag - make sure this is there as soon as you check in to avoid any surcharges. A coffee-maker is provided with proper- and decaf- coffee.Having read that meals in the hotel restaurant are expensive, we didn't even look, but went across the road (right opposite) to Starbucks for breakfast on the first morning. I thought Starbucks offered free wifi, but unless I was doing something wrong, I couldn't pick up a free signal - all the available signals required me to have a logon id (we eventually went to the Central Library - worth a visit in its own right - to use the free connection terminals there). On the second morning, we went to Europa for breakfast. This is a fairly cheap and cheerful eatery, two blocks down in the UBS building. Go past the UBS front door, turn right and it's on the corner of the plaza within the UBS building.When we came to check out, Cunard had previously arranged for our bags to be collected from the room, so we didn't have to worry about storing our bags at $3.50 a shot - in any case, we didn't have to vacate the room until 12.00. The actual check-out process involved waiting in a queue for, maybe, 5 minutes. No big deal.I would definitely come back here.	
Oct 16 2009 	Very disappointed only plus is location	As a business traveler who is not new to NYC, I know what comes with travel in the city, and my expectations have been more than met at other hotels in the city, but NOT at the Hilton.I think the hotel tries to handle more than it is capable of (as far as conventions go). Even with the elevators grouped by floor, a 10 minute wait was the norm for me. In the set of three elevators that stops at the 26th floor, one was out-of-service my entire time at the property. This is unacceptable at such a large hotel hosting multiple conferences at the same time. The doors would routinely open on the way down with no room for me. I found myself climbing stairs to the 34th floor to use that set of elevators multiple times.The Hilton Club representatives stationed in the main lobby make it feel more like a time-share property that some time-share hotels I have stayed at; constantly badgering you to &quot;stop for your free gift.&quot; This was a business trip, I'm not interested in their specials.The rooms are dated. I expect any major NYC property to have flat screen televisions and ergonomic work-stations; this did not.On the plus side, the location is hard to beat. Minutes from Times Square, Central Park, MoMA, etc.. I just expect more from a hotel like this.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great value for the educated traveler	We chose the hotel based on its proximity to MoMA. Our 18th floor room was spacious, clean, and incredibly quiet, and the location could not be beat. Armed with prior information, we were able to avoid surcharges: we appreciated the option to decline a bellhop, ate at local restaurants, walked the city rather than use the fitness center, used the handy lobby kiosk to print our airplane boarding passes rather than pay for internet access, etc. The service was unobtrusive and consistently helpful, from check-in to concierge services to check-out and hailing a taxi back to the airport, We would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location big room no noise from other rooms	We had a great stay at this hotel. I'm a neat freak and won't pay this kind of money for a dirty room; no problems at all with that. Surprisingly big for new york standards, bathroom a bit small on counter space though. We could walk everywhere from here, or easily get to the subway station. Great concierge staff, courteous front desk staff. No problems with noise and the hotel was really busy when we stayed over St. Patty's day (didn't hear drunken partying in the middle of the night). We got a great rate booking with Priceline, and would definitely stay here again for future trips to NYC.	
Oct 8 2009 	A week of fun in NYC ends with a glimpse of the President	I stayed at the Hilton New York with extended family for one week in July 2009. The trip was awesome! Not only was the hotel located near all of the &quot;hot spots,&quot; but the service and cleanliness were second to none. The suite we stayed in had two full bedrooms, three bathrooms, and a large living/dining room with a great view of the city. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling with a large group and can't wait to visit NYC again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Everything Seemed Fine to Me	I didn't really have a choice about staying here -- a group was paying for my room and booked me into the New York Hilton. Admittedly, after reading a few reviews prior to arrival, I was bit apprehensive. But after my two night stay, I have to say that I really couldn't find the problems that seemed to bedevil other travelers.Elevators were available and speedy, separated into ranks by floor grouping so you don't get stuck with the &quot;milk run&quot; so common in many hotels. I can't comment on the Executive Lounge because I didn't try it out, even though the check in person did helpfully provide me access without even asking, given my Diamond status. The breakfast in the main restaurant was very adequate and not crowded. I wouldn't have paid the price they asked but it was included with my conference package.Check in went well. The desk clerk did apologize that the room reserved for me was not available but she gave me several options of equal or better rooms. It was unfortunate, however, that upon check in the clerk told me to pick up a package at the concierge desk -- but didn't bother to tell me the concierge desk was closed until morning. I stood there looking rather forlorn until finally another guest had mercy on me and clued me in. The room seemed up to date and clean. Everything worked (well, except that changing the thermostat didn't seem to make any appreciable difference.) Sure, the room was small (the couch had to be set on an angle to fit in the room) but this is Midtown Manhattan after all. For a single traveler or possibly even for two, it really was quite comfortable, having both a work desk and a couch.I thought all the staff was friendly. Maybe you have to try to be friendly to them first but they certainly made me feel welcome. And, by the way, I certainly didn't have any trouble getting a cab. Personally I never saw fewer than about 20 in the queue at any given time. Even at 5:30 in the morning, a bellman spotted me in the lobby and ran to get me set up. Finally, everyone who writes reviews of this hotel does seem to be taken with the location. Undoubtedly that is probably the largest selling point for this property. But I also found the service and amenities just fine and comfortable and certainly would come back again (although I probably would use points to pay for the room if I had to pay the rack rate myself!)	
Sep 30 2009 	"Blah" and "wtf" about sum it up	Like everyone says - great location - had a great view of the park. But really - in such a large city - you can find others with a great location.The elevator situation was terrible. I couldn't catch an elevator in the morning. After 20 minutes - I had to ride up to ride back down. One of the three elevators servicing my floors didn't work the four nights I was there - and the other was hardly in use. Bathrooms were tiny. I had to pay for internet access - which annoys me to no end. The decor was nothing to write home about. The bed, however, was wonderful.I had mixed feelings about the staff - the guy at the front desk was ok but another two were RUDE.I would stay elsewhere. The W hotels are nicer at least.	
Sep 30 2009 	Not impressed.	Stayed here one night for business. Being a female traveler, I did not feel safe in the hotel. The lobby is very busy and understandably being in the heart of the city, but the hotel recognizing that, there should be some visible security. The elevators to the 30th floor extremely slow. The service is not exceptional - no button on the phone even to get to the front desk! The room is decent size but the bathroom is very small, and not designed for a female. Try putting on makeup hunched over the toilet and sink. The location is certainly ideal, but in New York City, there are many other hotel options that are in ideal locations.I have been in other hotels in New York City that are much more intimate, less crowded, better service, and I feel safer - they may cost a bit more, but for these invaluable conveniences, worth the extra. For personal travel, I will search out other options.	
Sep 29 2009 	Superb location but far from a four star hotel never Hilton again!	The location of the hotel is great; two blocks from MoMa, five blocks from Central Park and Carnegie Hall, just to mention a few. The hotel is enormous and very unpersonal. The room was okay, but the bathroom was in really bad condition and needs a &quot;face lift&quot;. Actually the whole floor (rooms, interior, elevators etc) would need to be renovated (we stayed on 36th floor). The room was clean and the bathroom was very small. The hotel is a three star hotel, not a four star,What I think is terrible service is that I reserved two rooms (we were two families). Hilton has debited my VISA card with a &quot;no show charge&quot; for one of the rooms (both families checked in of course). I have contacted them and ask them to credit my VISA and contact me, but after two days, I haven't heard anything from them and they haven't returned the incorrect no show charge. There are better hotels in NYC, don't let the price blind you!	
Sep 29 2009 	One of the worst ever	1600 dollars for 4 nights at a real dump of a hotel. the rooms have'nt seen a facelift since the early 80`s and the bathrooms are of hostelstandard. At the very most that is.The only good thing about this hotel is the location. 100 meters to central park, Carnegie Hall etc...But it´s never worth 400 dollars per night. Especially when the charming personnel at the hotel decided to debit the credit card for an extra 377 dollar for something they called now show. Funny thing as we had reserved a room for 4 nights and paid the full price for it.So take my word for it: CHOOSE ANOTHER HOTEL!!!! You will regret any money you spend at this sorry excuse of a hotel!	
Sep 27 2009 	perfect location	Location location location!Hotel is great, seems popular. Has a very present 'eighties' vibe. Thankfully, our room seemed to have been recently renovated so i would advise you hit the top floors.I would come back again since nothing upset our stay &amp; the location was superb.	
Sep 27 2009 	I'd stay here again	The Hilton New York is a huge hotel with a great location. We had a really big room (for NYC standards) with a sofa and real size desk and good views. It's only a block from the theater district, two blocks from Rockefeller Plaza and two block from MOMA. And, only a short walk to Central Park, Times Square and the wonderful stores on 5th Ave. My biggest complaint was that there was no security. Even at night when there was a guard checking room cards, he was preoccupied with one guest and we could have easily walked right past him. Smaller complaints are that one elevator didn't work and the wait was long (sometimes more than 5 minutes). Also, the coffee maker wasn't cleaned until I took it apart and left it like that for house-keeping and even with that, the sugar packet that was opened when we got to the room was never tossed and replaced. Lastly, although not the hotel's fault, it was impossible to get a cab at the hotel. If you need one, walk one block east or west depending on the direction you're headed.	
Sep 27 2009 	Average Quality-Great Location-Subpar Service	Upon check in (as Hilton Honors guest), we were told our reservation for a 2 double bed room was &quot;sold out&quot;. A Seinfeld moment -&quot;you know how to take a reservation, but not hold on to it....it's the holding onto it that's really important&quot;. Oh, well - we got a room with a queen size bed (fine for my husband and me) and a pull out sofa bed for our 2 teenage daughters. The pull out was REALLY, REALLY bad. Upon opening it, there was no bedding whatsoever on it (no sheets), and not really a mattress. There was a thin poor quality sort of foam pad acting as a quasi mattress over the metal frame. The head of the pull out &quot;sleeper&quot; (can barely be called that), actually sunk below the back of the couch - so that one's head is lower than their feet - it sloped down. Making this really unable to sleep upon. My daughter's ended up sleeping on the floor on sheets we had to request from housekeeping.This wasn't so bad for just one night, which was what we were staying. Just came in from NJ to have dinner &amp; see the city at night. If we were staying longer, we would have had to move - it was just not an adequate room for 4 people. Including the bathroom - there were 2 bathtowels; even if it had been just my husband and me - 2 bath towels? That's sort of stingy.The whole place seemed very disorganized. When we dropped off the car in the garage, I thought it was strange that the garage attendant didn't give us a ticket - just took our name. Well, when we went to get the car - yes that was a problem. The guy should have given us a ticket. So, it was an ordeal getting the car - had to wait in lines twice, fill out a form, wait for them to find it....just needless bother if he'd given us the ticket in the first place.I've stayed many times in NYC - this was the most disappointing room and service I've had. I've stayed at similarly priced properties (Hyatts, Marriotts in various locations in the city) without the confusion and subpar service. On the up side - the location is great. Midtown, walking distance to central park, Rockefeller plaza, 5th avenue. I think if we had parked elsewhere and had received the room we reserved, it would have been a much better experience.	
Sep 21 2009 	Friendly staff very nice stay	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for a weekend in September. I will say right off that we were there to look at the HIlton Grand Vacations property but we paid for our room and were not given any special treatement as a result. After reading the reviews, I was very apprehensive and expected the worst. But from the people at check in to the housekeeping staff and concierge desk, everyone was friendly and pleasant, getting extra towels, coffee, etc. The room was clean and mostly quiet (not the hotel's fault that the neighbors were yelling one night at 3 am but security came up right away and stopped it). The bed was very comfortable. The room service, while pricey, was fast and hot and just as ordered. I would definietly stay here again and would recommend it to others.	
Sep 6 2009 	Not so bad	Just stayed here for 4 days, 3 nights - having read all of the reviews I anticipated the following:1. Elevator would take 30 minutes2. Service would be terrible3. The time share guy would constantly harass us.None of these things happened. Are the rooms a touch small? Yes, this is new york so dont come to new york if you expect otherwise. Do the elevators take a few minutes? Yes - but we never waited more than 2-3 minutes and the place was packed. Is the service a bit on the slow side? Yes - it took them 20 minutes to bring us extra towels and there is always 3-4 people in line at check-in, baggage check and conceirege. Overall I would come back just keep the above things in mind. As long as your business is going to be in mid-town this place is just fine. Just read any negative review with a grain of salt.	
Sep 5 2009 	a less than average hilton experience	overall a disappointing hilton stay. the disappointment started right at check-in where i had to explain to them what the actual hilton rules for gold members are, only then did they look for availability of a room on the executive floor. from there, it even went downhill...rooms: should have been updated years ago. same for the bathrooms - shower didn't work properly. decor looks more than outdated, i would call it cheesy.the executive lounge is much too small for all the floors it is supposed to cover: totally overcrowded for breakfast, there was a queue for getting in even though many hotel guests were taking their breakfast to their rooms. we only went there on the first morning as the lounge was the only place where free wifi access is offered. my recommendation: take your money elsewhere. compared to this, the hilton garden inn on 35th is much better value!	
Sep 2 2009 	Convenient and fulfilling expectations	The Hilton New York is modern and huge, and with its nearly 2000 rooms can’t be tailored much to the necessities of the single guest. Never the less, it is run very efficiently. I found really nothing to complaint during my five-night stay with my family. Check-in and check-out were very fast and every request was fulfilled within reasonable time. I had a room on 35th floor and enjoyed an excellent view. The room was spacious, beds were very comfortable and cleanliness was unquestionable.Location is simply fantastic: a stone’s throw from MOMA, Radio City Music Hall and Rockfeller Center, very close to Fifth Avenue main shopping area and Central Park. Plenty of eating options are available in the nearby, from inexpensive delis up to elegant restaurants. Most of them are good or very good. Overall, it was a very positive experience and a very good value for the money.	
Sep 2 2009 	OK but leaves a lot to be desired.	We got the Hilton NYC in a 4-day package (Thursday 8/27 thru Monday 8/31) which included the room, continental breakfast and show tickets. The net price of the room and breakfast was around $250.00/night. Good price for a NYC hotel. The room was average in size and clean but more on the scale of a Holiday Inn Express. Even on the 19th floor we were awakened by street noise at 4:30 AM.The continental breakfast was a buffet and was excellent. We could &quot;upgrage&quot; to the full buffet for an additional $7.00 per person. Location is great... near Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Centyer, and the subway . Walking distance to many sights and sounds.Now the bad stuff... As expected, at every turn there was an additional charge; there are no freebies here. Everyone has their hand out. The staff was &quot;New York rude&quot;. Most were polite, but short and curt. The attitude was &quot;Don't bother me, you're only a customer!&quot;There is no internet in the room. Internet access in the business center was $10.00 for 10 minutes (outrageous!). There is a Wendy's down the street that has wi-fi, but we did not check the cost. There is a free kiosk in the lobby limited to checking in for a flight but no other free internet access. Checkout is 12 noon. Our flight was at 5:30PM so we checked out at 9:00AM and did more sightseeing. Not wanting to drag our luggage around, we checked it for $3.50 charge per bag (another rip-off). Unless you're willing to pay $26.00 for a hamburger, don't even think about room service. Of course, they still have the outdated, hightly over-priced mini-bar in the room.There is a fitness center, but we did not check the cost, but I'm sure it isn't free.If you accept the &quot;It's New York&quot; excuse for gouging the customer, the Hilton is an OK place to stay, however if we had not gotten a package rate we certainly would not have paid the $350+ per night.Knowing what to expect, we would stay at the Hilton again, but not at their normal room rate.	
Sep 2 2009 	would not recommend	First of all the hotel is in a great location, close enough to walk to Time Square, Broadway, Central Park. Good delis round the corner but quite pricey. Taxis available 24 7 outside the front door. And there was a street market outside on a Saturday.Hotel is large. Read other reviews, we never got stopped by the Hilton honours staff trying to sell time shares, the lifts were always free.We stayed on the executive floor room 4403; the room was of the usual Hilton standard nothing special. Would not recommend the room as it is 3 doors from the executive lounge, which we thought would be good; however we were woken up every morning with people queuing out side the room waiting to get seated for breakfast.Executive lounge: well it is big that’s all I can really say good about it, I have stayed in Hiltons all over the world and this is the worse I have been to. Breakfast consisted of the usual tea, coffee and cereal etc. then you got boiled eggs, bagels, toast (only 2, 4 slice toasters which did not cook the bread properly, more like warm bread) and muffins, strawberries and grapes. There was free internet access, they had one computer (which is usual) you were restricted to 15 minutes which was okay, when you got chance to use it, there always seemed to be kids on it playing games and on facebook, got frustrating when all you wanted to do was check in online. If you are expecting an open bar, then think again just soft drinks available, the rest of the drinks are over priced $10 for a bottle of beer.Staff were friendly. We were celebrating our wedding anniversary, they arranged a dozen red roses to be deliver to the room. We are diamond members, no welcome pack, no chocolate in the evening (little touches count) Would I stay there again or recommend it, then the answer is no. I would rather stay in the Hiltons in Barcelona and Berlin and would highly recommend them	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice location	This hotel is a 10-minute walk from the Times Square. It's also a block away from the MoMA. It features a very nice bedroom and bathroom, confortable sheets and a great view.	
Aug 26 2009 	big and impersonal	Everywhere is busy in this hotel. The taxi area outside, the huge reception area, the elevators with different lifts for different floors and long, long corridors . Although we booked early this year, at first, the two rooms given to us were on two different floors far apart,even though the hotel has so many rooms. Eventually we got two rooms on the same floor but still a long way from each other. The rooms are typical Hilton rooms, quite large with a sofa and comfortable beds. The bathroom is a decent size and there is coffee/tea facilities.Internet was at a price. Really thought it would be free in a place like New York. Would probably not choose this hotel if we ever return to New York.Didn't think it was worth the money we paid.The best thing about it is the location near Central Park but I'm sure we could find better elsewhere.	
Aug 25 2009 	The rudest staff ever	The Hilton New York is located on Ave of the Americas/6th Ave. Could be a good hotel a part from the staff. The rudest I've ever find in a hotel. In the room I had no sleepers/bathrobe/pen/paper. The hotel is absolutely overpriced. If you are a Honors member you don't have to claim for your benefits or the staff would be disappointed.	
Aug 25 2009 	Pleasant Priceline Surprise!	I tried Priceline for the first time for this brief stay in NYC and was not sure what to expect when the Hilton New York accepted our bid. We know that Hilton has a good reputation, but sometimes rooms in NYC can be quite small and not as good as what you would expect. This was quite a nice treat! The check in was quick and they were very accomodating and put us on a high floor. Not so much a view, regardless, still nice to be on a high floor. The room was very spacious and clean. The beds are very comfy and the sheets are nice. The parking garage in the hotel is very convenient and the attendants were courteous. It is quite expensive though. It would be nice if you got better rates if you are a hotel guest. One other negative is you have to pay for internet access. Free WIFI would be a big improvemnet. With that said, if I ever use Priceline again, I hope to get the Hilton!	
Aug 25 2009 	Excellent hotel in a fantastic location.	My wife and I stayed at the Hilton for 3 nights in early August as part of our holiday to America’s east coast.The hotel is a very nice, comfortable and clean in a great location.As a Hilton Honours member staying on Honours points we were upgraded to one of the re furbished king rooms. The room was superb and spacious (for a New York hotel) with a two seater sofa, flat screen TV and mini bar.The only thing I could criticise with regards to the room is the size of the bathroom (shower only). It was very new and modern though small (this probably enabled the bedroom to be larger which suited us, however I think some may be disappointed in this).The check in, concierge service and hotel travel centre were all fast and efficient. At certain times however it appears that there are not enough staff on the check in/check out desk and we had to queue for some time on check out. Other than this minor point we had a fantastic three night stay.Great hotel for business or pleasure.If you fancy a pleasant eating experience and maybe a few drinks try the oldest surviving tavern in New York. The Bridge Café is located in a simple wood-frame building erected in 1794 on Water Street near the Brooklyn Bridge, Lower Manhattan. Not close to the hotel but well worth a visit if in Lower Manhattan. Try the Buffalo burger or steak, awesome.A couple of other recommended restaurants - The Tribeca Grill. A 20 minute cab ride from the hotel to the Tribeca area of Manhattan. This modern restaurant co-owned by Robert De Niro. Not cheap but excellent food and a great atmosphere, worth a visit.Dos Caminos, a Mexican restaurant in Midtown. Probably the best fresh guacamole I have ever tasted. Excellent modern bar and restaurant with a great atmosphere and fantastic Mexican food, well worth a visit.I could go on forever, enjoy NYC.	
Aug 24 2009 	Wonderful Fun Experience	My Husband and I just returned yesterday from a wonderful long weekend at The Hilton New York. We actually took a bus right into the Port Authority and the hotel was within walking distance for us so instead of taking a taxi we just walked to the hotel about 10 blocks. We were interested in seeing what restaurants and shops were close by along our way and we has a small rolling suitcase which was no problem to wheel behind us. You will see many people doing the same. The room was very nice, clean and the view was gorgeous. We enjoyed looking out the large windows at the other tall buildings around us. Most of the rooms face towards the Wachovia tower. The bathroom was modern with a nice glass door shower and had plenty of hot water and also the La Source Spa by Evelyn and Crabtree products was a plus and it a standard at this Hilton location.My Husband is not a big fan of the city and I am but I am pleased to say that even he had a great time. The location is a block from 5th Avenue a few blocks from Times Square and only about 2 blocks to Central Park. We took a wonderful carriage ride through Central Park they charge about 37.00 for the short version about 20 minutes or 57.00 for the hour per couple. It really is worth it and the drivers are fantastic! They will give you tips about the city if you ask. Be prepared in general to go through some cash in NYC, it is expensive but if you go there with that in mind you will be prepared. Do not drive there it is just too expensive to park. Take the train or bus. The Empire State Building was 20.00 a person to go up to the observatory. A pint of beer will run you about 7.00 and beware do not go to Lindey's for breakfast. This was the only thing we did that we can say we were ripped off. We paid 45.00 for a normal egg, hash browns and toast breakfast and two coffees were 8.50, ridiculous!!!! That was not worth it and we were shocked when we looked at the menue, go down the street and you will find nice places for breakfast for 3.50 for the same thing or opt for a bagel from one of the many wonderful bakeries, much cheaper, we will not make that mistake again and hope to save many others from this error.As far as dinner we always opt for a pub for Irish fare, we ate at the Old Castle Pub which was good and there is Rosie O'Gradys and a few other good ones in that area. You can spend hundreds of dollars in NYC on dinner but it all depends on what you like. Fish and Chips is really good at the pubs in NYC if you like it an costs about 16.00.We had a great time and my Husband wants to go back again in the Spring and this is A-OK with me but only if we stay at this Hilton hotel he says! This is a good choice and a wonderful time and do the hop on hop off bus tour it is a great way to see the city, we live close so we have plenty of weekends to go but if this is a once in a lifetime trip do the bus that includes admission to sites!! People in NYC are very nice and polite and wonderful, have a fantastic time!!!!	
Aug 18 2009 	Only If You Can Get A Great Rate.	Many visitors compare the lobby of the New York Hilton to Grand Central Station. That’s an insult to Grand Central, which is looking pretty good these days. This place, on the other hand, is noisy and hectic, with people jostling in all directions, insufficient seating, and long lines at the front desk. There’s another line to speak with one of three concierges, some of whom are pleasant and helpful, others who could do with a little less New York attitude. If this weren’t enough, there are two desks that look like information booths, but are inhabited by salespeople shilling other Hilton properties. They tout their “free offers” every time you walk by, and just barely stop short of using the hook to ensnare you. Not exactly a gracious experience.The hotel is enormous, and the wait for an elevator can at times be exasperating. Our twelfth floor room was fortunately a renovated one, and certainly comfortable for two people. Sleek, built-in furniture allowed space for a king-sized bed, sofa, flat-screen TV. The small bathroom was also updated, with a nice-sized walk-in shower. Housekeeping did an excellent job – the room always felt clean. The hotel’s number one asset is its location – walking distance to lots of sights (Central Park, Lincoln Center, Times Square, Rockefeller Center). Easy subway lines are nearby. We didn’t eat at the hotel’s Marketplace Restaurant. It was expensive and crowded at breakfast. There are lots of other places to eat in the immediate area. The New York Hilton is fine if you can dash through the lobby and book it for a decent price.	
Aug 16 2009 	Stay Away-HORRIBLE	We stayed one night at the hilton and the experience was a nightmare. We requested a romance package which included a complimentary champagne and a sleeper sofa. What we got was a queen size bed and there were no champagne waiting in the room for us and a courdaroy couch. When i called customer service they said we had to call for the champagne to be bought up to the room. The television was stuck on one channel, the remote or a maintenance man was in and out of our room three times before we finally got a remote that would work for our television. Now it's been an hour into us being inside of the room and it was chaos.The bedsheets were stained, The inside of the duvet, there were red and brown stains on the comforter. That was disgusting. We just pulled those sheets off the bed, The bathroom tiles were stained and cheap looking. The washcloths and towels were cheezy and cheap looking. Considering the hotel room cost over $300 a night. That should not be happening!Overall, our stay at the hilton was not a good experience and i would likely not recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to enjoy new york.	
Aug 14 2009 	My go to hotel in NYC	This was my second time staying in the Hilton New York in a two month period. I booked a king room and absolutely loved it. The room is clean &amp; a good size, the bed super comfortable, the A/C works wonderfully, and the maid service was great. The bathroom is a bit small, only one person in at a time, but it is very nice. I love the location because it is within walking distance to Central Park, Rockafeller center, Radio City Music Hall, The Letterman Show and a few extra blocks to Times Square. MOMA is right across the street too and on certain days you can get in for free, just check with the concierge for the day.There are some great places to eat around here. Only a block or two up is 7th-9th streets which have tons of restaurants. One of my favorites is at 53rd/9th called the Eatery. Also, two blocks down from the hotel is Magnolia bakery made famous by the Sex In the CIty movie. They have yummy cupcakes and other items to feast on. There is a pharmacy across the street and a deli on the other side which sell snacks and drinks.There are also several subway entrances within a block or two of the hotel.I've stayed here twice and plan on staying here each time. Oh, if you book on the Hilton website, you can get good deals if you pay in advance.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great location poor poor hotel	We had a room in the executive floor...small, with an old and noisy TV, with a dismal bathroom. Elevators were old and crowded. Breakfast in the executive lounge was terrible, you had to queue up before getting a table, and for what? for some coffee, industrial bread and an egg...bleah	
Aug 13 2009 	Superb location mediocre service and expensive extras	Excellent location to Broadway and Times Square. Minutes to places like Rockefeller Center, Times Square and the Ed Sullivan Theatre.Rooms are OK sized for New York. The bathrooms are very small but the sleeping area is OK. Climate control was quiet and efficient. The shower was excellent, great pressure and water temperature. Our room on the 40th floor was quiet.Do not pay the extra dollars for the &quot;Executive Rooms&quot; unless being higher is important to you. Also note that traffic is brutal around the hotel, so if you are driving/parking go straight to the garage and avoid the normal check-in area. We spent 20 minutes just trying to get into the main entrance (parking is at a different spot on 53rd).Even with the executive upgrade, they hit you with a minimum $14.95 a day for internet access. And it is for a day, not 24 hours. They even try to charge more for higher bandwidths. Parking is $48 a day and it takes a while to get your car.We had issues with not getting access to the free breakfast with the executive upgrade. When we brought it up, the person was not friendly (we missed breakfast because of it). She then recoded our card so it now opened the breakfast area, but not our room. Others in the hotel also had an edge to them.I still recommend this hotel, just be weary of the extras and the mediocre customer service if you have a problem.	
Aug 13 2009 	Decent spot to stay	I love to stay at the Hyatt Grand Central, but the rate was just too high (around $370), I even called the property directly to see if I could get a discount, but they must be full.....so I am at the Hilton for $279.Please see my blog at http://talesfromtheroad-mwalno.blogspot.comI checked in early (around 2 pm) and requested a high floor. I am in room 4129 and it is nicer than I remembered a Hilton room. King size bed, decent shower and desk. Good air conditioner. Easy check-in process, and friendly service. They have moved the Diamond Desk over by the regular check in area, and the &quot;old&quot; Diamond desk is called the &quot;Executive Level Check in&quot; -- I don't know what that means as there is only 1 floor with Ex level rooms, but there was line there so I went to regular check in. Hilton does try and get you at booking on their web site to pay a fee ($70 I think) to upgrade to the Exec level -- this is the thing that drove me away from them -- rather than taking great care of their elite members they sell out to those who will pay.One thing to remember is to get a room on 34th floor or higher so you don't have to switch elevators to get to the 44th (club level).I went up to the club level first in search of some water bottles, but there were none. They have remodeled the club, and it is nice and open with free wifi. I did have a very good chocolate chip cookie.I headed to the gym on the 5th floor. They remodeled it last year and I LOVE IT. Free weights with a bench, large work out area, tons of treadmills and ellipticals, and a large stretching area. Excellent perk.Bed was great, room was cool (temparature), and it was quiet.I asked for and was granted a 12:30 check out time.I did not go to the club room for breakfast beacause it took too long for the elevator to come (only 3 elevators for floors 34-44). That is the only downside to the property.Really a great stay, I enjoyed it, and love the location.Total - $259 rate = $319.70 toatl (including a rip-off $19 for internet access)	
Aug 10 2009 	Great hotel great location great trip!!!	I loved the hotel and its location. The room was very nice. I had read several negative reviews, so was concerned about what we would find when we arrived, but everything was perfect! You couldn't ask for a better location ...one block from all the action, so you don't have to listen to all the traffic noises at night, but it only takes a few minutes to walk to great fun! Make sure to search the Internet for a coupon code to use at this hotel. The deals out there are great! Shrek The Musical was wonderful! I laughed just as much as my 16 year old daughter did. I also recommend the sightseeing tour (red bus). We took the uptown, downtown and evening tours (48 hour deal). Since you can hop off and on, we used it as our taxi service. For those of you who are thinking of traveling to NY, I also recommend using Amtrak. We took the train from DC to Penn Station and had no problems going either way.	
Aug 10 2009 	VERY GOOD HOTEL GREAT LOCATION!	Our second visit to NYC. We stayed at the Crowne Plaza in Times Square the first trip but I received a great deal via Hilton (on two executive rooms) this time out and we were not dissappointed.Check in was quick, the kids had been placed on a different floor and that was changed (with a smile) within seconds! The rooms were clean, spacious and had all the bells and whistles!The executive lounge was smartly furnished and well stocked at breakfast time.The room service was a little pricey but the food and the service were great!The hotel is about five minutes walk from Central Park and the same to Times Square, it is a great location! If you can get a good rate, this place is perfect!	
Aug 9 2009 	It's the Hilton... what can I say?	This hotel is located in midtown Manhattan. It is within walking distance to Central Park, Time's Square, Rockefeller Center, Radio City, NBC Studios and several other attractions and Metro stations. Inside, you will be greeted by a friendly staff inside a beautiful hotel. The rooms are spacious and compare with other hotels that I have stayed at in the past. All of the rooms and public areas that I went to were very clean and well maintained. Being a first time visitor to New York, the hotel staff was very knowledgeable and could make suggestions and recommendations on the fly. As for the price, it is the Hilton. You are paying for the name as much as anything else. You get a room for the money you spend, nothing else. I have spent far less at other hotels and received much more extras.Overall, this hotel is a must if you want to be in the heart of the action in NYC. Just bring your wallet, you'll need it!	
Aug 8 2009 	Great location poor hotel	Our room A/C was not working well and after 3 days of supposedly trying I gave up on getting it fixed. They also left a message on our phone at 3:30 a.m. advertising an &quot;event&quot; in the bar for that evening. How nice it was to be awakened by a flashing message light from both phones at 3:30 a.m. Of course, I had to see what was so important as I was traveling away from my family. Needless to say it took a while to get back to sleep when I discovered this SPAM call. I then got another that afternoon after telling them to take me off the &quot;list.&quot;. I then got two more messages from the bar and bar managers wanting to discuss my inconvenience. I finally just unplugged the phones! $400 a night and phone SPAM. What a low class hotel. There are many places to stay in NYC. I would avoid this one!	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Place to stay when visiting Manhattan	I stayed here in 2007 for a secondary mortgage conf with my family and it was nice. We paid around 350 per night but it was all worth it. Very nice and clean Hotel - the staff was very nice and we had a blast. This was a business trip but I took the family along and we had great time. I will stay here again when I go back end of this year.	
Aug 5 2009 	This one is a real Hilton	It was really great place for staying at NYC. Enjoyed every one minutes..Only I didnt like to pay exstra 20$ for delayed only 30 minutes at parking. They were already earned 48 $ for a 24 hours and it must be enough for 1 customer. Be carefull if you intend to go there with car.	
Aug 4 2009 	This is a two to three star hotel trying to pass themselves off as a 5 star or better	I was booked in an honors club room on the 37th floor through RCI interchange and found myself in for a serious letdown. The room size was the main thing they had going for them. Most of the rest was a serious let down. To start with the room was in disrepair carpet coming up around the edges, water stains on many surfaces from poor upkeep, shower with large globs of caulk from repeated cheap fixes for water leaks, and power repeatedly went out during my one week stay so forget enjoying a movie at the end of the day.Then there were the prices, they wanted to charge an arm and a leg for anything and everything. Went to have 3 pages printed in the business center and was told $2.75 a page. I had them printed just round the corner for $0.97 a page. Laundry service wanted $109.00 to wash and press a batch of clothes, the laundry café just two blocks away picked the clothes up, washed and pressed them and delivered them back for a measly $10.50. Food was anywhere from double to triple the local shops cost and then in fine print they add another $4.50 charge per item if you wish to eat it in your room. This includes taking it there yourself as I found out on a busy Sunday night when they had a convention going so the place was insanely packed and I just wanted some peace and quiet.And the cleaning staff seems to be just looking for a reason too not clean your room, no big deal for me as I’m used the time share style where you clean up after yourself, except that like many hotels the trash cans are very small. So I found myself having to pile trash on the floor after I had spent a large amount of time in my room due to constant rains. No I wasn’t in the room all day, and I even tried to leave to go do something else so they would clean the room (IE empty the trash) the second time cleaning people came around but they wouldn’t clean the room as I was there at that very moment.So if you feel like being charged fees like you are at some royal establishment while being in simply tolerable conditions. Or are certain you will be gone from the room the entire time except to sleep book away. But if there’s any chance of bad weather or other things making you spend time in your accommodations or you just like to get what you pay for. Then look elsewhere there are far better accommodations in the same neighborhood.	
Aug 2 2009 	Good Location Good Base for Weekend Trip	We stayed here for a weekend with our 9 year old to take in some Broadway shows and walk around the city. The Hilton New York is perfect for that purpose. Radio City Music Hall is two Blocks away, Central Park is 5 blocks (2 more to the playground and children's area!) Broadway/Times Square is 3-5 blocks away. The hotel is clean, the rooms are a good size for New York City (we've stayed in smaller for more money) and we got a good weekend rate of $199.99. The New York Marketplace restaurant in the Lobby offered a $30.00/person all you can eat breakfast buffet. This is a very good value for NYC where we spent $25.00 on a hamburger. The breakfast buffet had a great variety of fresh and tatsy food; the fruit and omelets, in particular, were very good. Service was pleasant and timely. The only downsides were: Check In; the zip in check in machines were ALL down and the lines for regular and Hilton Honors c heck in took about 30 minutes. The front desk staff was pleasant though in the face of tired and frustrated guests. The Beds: very comfortable but TINY. We had a room with double beds and they are smaller than full, more like twin and 1/2. Overall a great place to base your stay in New York City	
Aug 1 2009 	Great Location Small but Clean Rooms	To begin, from a value perspective, I wouldn't pay more than $200 a night, due to the small size and amenities offered; this time we were fortunate to find a sale for $149 a night, which was cheaper than many of the no-name hotels in the neighborhood. We didn't go to NYC to spend all day in a hotel room--so our basic expectations were exceeded by the Hilton. If you stay in a basic queen or king bed room, expect to have little space to do anything but sleep. NYC is so dynamic, though, that a hotel in a location as considerable as this really needs to offer four things: comfort, cleanliness, quiet, and proximity. The Hilton was acceptable on all of these fronts, so we'd return in the future. The hotel is extremely close to central park, museums row, times square, and the subway. There's top-notch food within walking distance, and the Museum of Modern Art is literally next door. A couple qualms: the television was broken, the front desk is pretty unfriendly (bordering on bitter), most of midtown shuts down after 9pm so you'll have to take the subway to the Village or pay $12 for a cocktail at a hotel bar nearby, and as a 'conference' hotel this place is literally teeming day and night. We were never woken up, though, and we slept comfortably. Also note that the business center is $50 per HOUR, and wifi in your room is $20 per hour. In all, recommended, especially for couples who really just want to hit the park and the museums without getting on public transportation.	
Jul 30 2009 	Second time at the Hilton. Still my favorite in NYC	We were going to stay at another hotel because I had gotten a great rate. However, our trip changed suddenly and we ended up getting an even better rate at the Hilton for 9 nights. We are also Hilton Honors members. We took the breakfast and room rate and got two connecting rooms on the 13th floor. If you have a big family ask for these rooms - we had 2 double beds in one room and a king with a sofa in the other for $249 which is really good for NYC. The rooms were big and the housekeepers really nice and very clean. The location of the Hilton can't be beat. I personally would not stay in Times Square with my children because it's so busy. Around the Hilton you have alot of restaurants to sit down without struggling with a crowd and it's close to Central Park and the nicest stores of 5th Avenue. We also walked to times Square every day and our broadway show we saw near Times Square. We took our laundry to a wash and fold everyday which is only a block from the hotel. The breakfast buffet is great with pancakes/french toast, eggs, fresh fruit, Japanese, smoked salmon and cheese, bagels and cream cheese, mushrooms, sausage. We also ordered room service many times. One big advantage to the Hilton is the covered area for taxis to come and pick you up. It stormed and rained the whole week and this covered valet helped alot. We'll probably always stay at the Hilton when we come to New York.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great Location but Nothing Special	My partner and I stayed at the Hilton New York for two nights. Check in was relatively easy. We were a little disappointed with our room as it was smaller than we expected, and we didn't like the bathroom since it lacked sufficient counter space. The room was basically a run-of-the mill hotel room. I expected it to be a little more modern with a flat screen tv, etc., However, we did like the location as it was a short walk to Times Square and Central Park. The lobby lounge was rather comfortable. Overall, it was a good value and convenient location, but it was just a regular hotel room -- nothing special. We would stay again if we got a good rate (under $200).	
Jul 27 2009 	Great location quiet clean rooms	Heard some bad reviews on check-in process, rooms, price but overall we were pretty happy with what we got. Only problem was that it did take quite sometime to check-in (for everyone except the Diamond Club). No micro but it did have a mini bar. Room were decent sized-was expecting something really small but was happy that beds were comfortable and clean. No view but what do you expect from an area with so many gigantic buildings. Was happy with the proximity to Times Square. Loved that they had an open market in front of the hotel sunday morning. Husband loved the street food on the corner-cheap, tasty.	
Jul 24 2009 	nice enough	this is a big hotel with an enormous lobby. decent rooms, very corporate....pretty good location though. you would think they could give you free access to the internet.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great location. Tiny room.	Stayed at this hotel for a weekend. Found the location to be perfect. Within walking distance of 5th Ave, Central Park, Broadway etc. The lobby was nice and the service reasonable. We stayed in a standard room and found it to be very small and the decor to be somewhat dated although it was clean and well maintained. The noise level in the room wasimpressive even by New York standards with a large crowd gathered at a vending truck across the street well past 5 AM in the morning. I would strongly suggest staying on a high floor and staying on the North side of the building.	
Jul 20 2009 	good location decent room (standard room)	The hotel is quite busy. Stayed 1 night (on a Thursday). You have to wait a while in line to check in as well as checking out. They do have express check-in/check-out machines, but I wanted to make sure I got 2 double beds so I didn't bother going that route. The lobby area is pretty nice looking. They have different elevators that go to different levels so look out for that. Our room was not the renovated ones so it was decent, and it was far away from the elevators which is nice so less people pass by your room. The ice machine is quite a ways away though. I did notice some of the black grout in the shower though. The toilet seemed fairly new (flushed well). They give you shampoo, conditioner, lotion, but no body wash (shower cap included, too). The bar looked pretty hip &amp; happening when we passed by after walking times square/broadway late night. The baggage hold is $3.50 per bag. One thing I noticed was that I could not close the curtains (outer ones). You can only open/close the thin white sheer ones. This hotel is close to times square/broadway, MOMA (museum of modern art), central park, and rockefeller center. If you're traveling by subway from the airport, take the blue &quot;E&quot; line and get off at 7th Ave (and 53rd St). The hotel is just a block away. No free internet of course, not even in the lobby. Didn't touch the minifridge bar and didn't know how to use the in-room safe. Got a great deal though for this hotel on priceline.	
Jul 18 2009 	Perfect Location but Standard Room Disappointing	After two weeks on the road with our young kids, a Friday night getaway for my wife and I was in order. NYC didn't disappoint, but this hotel did. As a Hilton Honors Gold member, I thought an upgrade would be likely, but this major midtown hotel was pretty much packed with a couple conventions. Not that we planned to spend much time in the room, but the standard design, outdated furnishings/bath, and old TV were let-downs after finding contemporary designs and LCD TVs in Hampton Inns, Homewood Suites, and HGI along the East coast and elsewhere in recent months. You would think Hilton would have upgraded every room in this flagship destination by now, especially with its category 6 status. Fortunately we didn't have to wait long for elevators since there were express cars up to the high floors. All this aside, the location is terrific.	
Jul 10 2009 	Sure shot	Great location next to the Gardens. Room was not big, but well furnished and tastefully decorated. The glass shower was neat. We could hear the elevator from our room, so you might want to ask to be away from them if this might bother you. Valet parking only and it's a steep 48$/day. Good service overall, maids were especially courteous.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great Location Good Value -- for Manhattan	As Hilton Honors members we often default to Hilton Hotels whenever our travel plans call for a short stay in a major city. The New York Hilton does not disappoint. The midtown Manhattan location is perfect for sight seeing, especially if you only have a couple of days, the rooms the above-average standardized Hilton rooms you'd expect, (we got a free upgrade), with all the amenities you could require. It's not inexpensive, but it is a good value by New York City standards. Word of warning, however. Watch out for the &quot;extras,&quot; (don't even think of bringing a rental car unless absolutely necessary -- turn that sucker in and take cabs or the subway, parking's a pain and pricey), and avoid the on-site New York Marketplace restaurant at all costs -- unless you want to pay $65 for breakfast for two, (The Starbuck's across the street is a much better bet), for $100 for a lunch that, trust me, you won't remember except for the price. The other on-site &quot;Italian&quot; restaurant isn't much better. Let's face it. New York is full of nice restaurants and if you're going to spend the money you might as well have a memorable meal. Would we stay here again? You bet. The location alone is reason enough. And it is a Hilton so you usually know what you're going to get.	
Jul 8 2009 	Will never stay anywhere else in NYC!	My husband &amp; I traveled to NYC over Memorial Day weekend. This hotel is in the perfect location.....within walking distance to Central Park, Times Square, Rockafeller Plaza, the Theater District, etc. The subway is a block away. The service at the Hilton was outstanding. We were greeted as we walked in, and upgraded as we checked in. The new rooms rock! ... Marble shower, comfy beds, flat screen TV, sitting area, updated modern decor.....clean, clean, clean!!! The elevators were plentiful, we did not have to wait in line contrary to other reviews. The timeshare people did not harass you, you just had to tell them you didn't have time. Drinks were expensive in the lobby, however this is a hotel bar...they are expensive in all hotels. I don't understand where the bad reviews are coming from. My husband is from NYC, and says it was the nicest, cleanest hotel he has ever stayed in NYC. We will not stay anywhere else when we return!	
Jul 7 2009 	Great place to stay	We checked in on Friday July 3 for one night. This hotel is conveniently located within walking distance of Times Square. The room was nicely done and large by NY standards. Check in was a breeze. Underground parking was pricey -$50 for a night.	
Jul 6 2009 	Nothing amazing but nothing to complain about either	Paid about half the going rate on the room for a few days over New Years (as part of a conference) and found it pleasantly quiet and the amenities good - nothing special about the room except the location - it could have been any of dozens of mid-price hotels I have stayed in. I would probably be disappointed paying a lot more, but given NYC hotel rates, this one seemed... fine. The lobby was as busy and crowded as any train station, but it was New Years and everywhere within a mile of Times Square was much the same. Did not interact much with the staff so can't comment on the bad experiences a few people seem to have had - ate elsewhere too (why would anyone eat in the hotel restaurant in a city with so many great places to eat?)	
Jul 5 2009	hilton hotel nyc on 6th ave	Date July 3 ,2009We have just returned from our holiday weekend stay in NYC. The Hilton on 6th ave. was great! Centrally located easy to get to. The hotel was very clean including the wonderful but small room. As we were in the city, who needs a large room for sleeping? From checkin to departure we have nothing but good words to say. The hotel personnel were very friendly everywhere. We definitely would return there and recommend the hotel. The one downside however is parking. We chose an off site due to the $$$ price at the hotel. We did save but with more research may have done better. This weekend was a last minute travel idea.	
Jul 3 2009 	New Rooms Rock!	We travel a lot and often arrive before official check-in time. Sometimes luck is with us and a room is available. We were supposed to have a Deluxe King. The desk clerk said that a regular Kingw as available but advised us to wait for the Deluxe as it was one of the new rooms. Were we ever grateful for that advice! I've stayed at the New York Hilton before and never had any complaints about the quality of the rooms, but the new rooms are -beyond- good. The beds are super-comfortable, the cleanliness is excellent, they are -very- spacious and comfortably appointed. Lately, many New York hotels have discontinued including an in-room coffee-maker as a standard amenity. Not the Hilton! My only let-down was that the room had no bathtub. It -did- have a HUGE and gorgeous shower, sparkling clean. I just happen to prefer baths, so this isn't a complaint, just a personal nit-pick. I don't know if all of the new rooms have shower-only bathrooms, but I'll check that out when making reservations in future. We -will- stay there again.P.S. While checking in, I overheard the manager helping another guest who had a complaint. I was highly impressed by the degree of courtesy, efficiency, and attention brought to the problem. In a hotel of this size, it's nice to see a boutique-hotel level of commitment and graciousness brought to helping guests go from unhappy to satisfied.	
Jul 3 2009 	great location good hotel	The best thing about the hotelis the location. we got the room at a great deal so we thought the value formoney was exceptional. We stayed for 4 days and enjoyed ourselves. The breakfast was excellent but one dinner we had was below average. I suggest eating out as a lot of nice restaurnants around. We used the bar once , which was ok but lacked atmosphere.Would I recommend it...yes for seeing and touring new york as you have a good base and comfort.	
Jul 2 2009 	Above average hotel with few flaws	The reviews for this place are all over the map. We would rate it about an 8 on  1-10 scale and would definitely go back again. We stayed four nights in late June in an Executive Floor King Mini Suite, which was a very spacious room with sitting area and kitchenette. The bathroom was tiny.As Honors Gold Members, we exected an upgrade but they said the hotel was full and no full suites were available. It did seem pretty busy although the hotel rates offered in NYC for the time period would indicate that hotels were not booked up. We did get free access to the excellent new gym, which let us take terrycloth robes up to our room to lounge around in.The executive lounge on the 44th floor offered an expanded continental breakfast with good coffee, fresh fruit, pastries, toast, bagels, juice, and so forth. Probably saved us $40 a day in food costs. They served hors d'ouevres nightly, no substitute for dinner but if you ate a big late lunch, it worked as a snack and you could skip going out to dinner.Despite some of the reviews, the elevator wait times weren't bad at all and the time-share sales people downstairs weren't all that aggressive. If you made eye contact when you walked by, they would start a conversation but you could smile and ignore them. No one chased us down the hall with a sales pitch.The hotel is huge,busy, and feels safe. The beds are heavenly. The housekeeping staff is very professional. We had a problem one night w our TV remote and a technician came up minutes after our phone call and took care of it. I would rate service as way above average, and the staff we met were all courteous.Tips: Across Sixth and north about half a block is a gourmet market, really excellent variety of foods. Our room had a small refrigerator and we used it. A well stocked pharmacy is next door to the market. Avis has a facility on the north side of the hotel, just across 54th. Our staff was really nice. About the only complaint was that the Hilton Honors Gold status didn't seem to get us much. We'd have had the same room without it and pretty much the same perks, except for free use of the gym (and we were too busy to use it more than once in four days). At other Hilton hotels, the Gold card got us upgrades, free breakfasts, and an especially warm welcome. Here, one suspects, they see a lot of Hilton Honors members and it's no big deal. to them.	
Jun 29 2009 	Remarkably Bad Even by New York Standards	I am a frequent business traveler to New York, and have grown accustomed to poor quality accomodations at less expensive (meaning sub-$300) hotels. I stayed at the Hilton New York with my wife and baby, for a combination business trip and mini-vacation. I selected this hotel because the SIFMA conference, the reason for my business trip, was located there.The facilities were quite mediocre, trending towards poor. The room was musty, and the ventilation system was difficult to control, leading to alternations from too hot and damp to too cold and damp. I'm told that &quot;upper floors&quot; have been renovated, but my 27th floor room was definitely behind the times. Bathroom and bed were adequate.I had been lead to believe that internet service was included with my room reservation, but the front desk wasn't interested in my opinion. I heard two other travelers complain about the same thing. Network cost $15-20 per day for varying levels of access. Each device had to be paid for separately. And the $20 &quot;High Speed&quot; option was greatly inferior to my cable modem at home. We just used our cell phones instead.The housekeeping staff were the worst I have ever had in a 4 star hotel. They did not change the sheets when they said they would, did not reliably remove dishes, and sometimes removed dirty items without replacing them. About the only thing they could be counted on for was clean towels. That, and leaving the window open. Given that it was 80 degrees and thunder storming, that probably contributed to the room being damp.Mid-town is always a boring location for a vacation (unless you want to spend all your time at Broadway shows), and I knew that when I picked the hotel.I think some guests were staying on cheap packages. If you can get in here for $200 a night, and know what to expect, then you might be happy. But if you are paying the $300 rack rate, you can definitely do better elsewhere.I'm going back to the Hampton Inn Time Square North next time I have to stay in midtown.	
Jun 28 2009 	Feels Safe Very big good location	It's been a long time since I was there with my wife (Dec 07), but it was our 1st and only time in New York, and we have been itching to get back. And since I use trip advisor to check out where I would like to stay, I thought its about time I started to write reviews! So. back to the hotel. 1st thing thats hits you is... wow... its BIG. The reception area feels fancy, but you quickly realise its a bit of a zoo, when your are standing 10 minutes in a que to get checked in. The staff were ok, but they don't get a second due to the amount of people, so its very robotic. We are smokers, so choose to stay on smoking floor. We won't do that again. Too musty and smelly. We would rather wait to get outside. You can find yourself waiting a lot on elevators and trying to avoid bumping in to the literally thousands of people staying at the hotel. It did help make you feel secure and safe though. Places were easy to get to on foot., Times square, central park and especially rockafella centre all within a few mins walk. We got breakfast delvered to the room one morning and ended up with a bill for over $120. Best to get fed elsewhere! Room was ok. bed comfy and it was a nice place to put your feet up after a day walking the streets of this wonderful city. The bar downstairs was ok, and over all, it was an ok base for our first stay in New York. We were far from blown away, and we are looking for a different hotel for our next stay this summer. Funny thing is, we are thinking of booking the hilton garden inn times square. We both like the idea of a busy(ish) hotel that is a good size in the heart of all the tourist traps. After all, we are tourists! And it feels safe. Both aged 28, we don't care for quiet hotels, or being treated like royalty. You will only be using the hotel to re-charge your batteries, because you will be too busy enjoying New York. If you havn't been yet, then book NOW. You only live once, and you have to see this city. You won't go wrong with the New york Hilton, and although we will stay elsewhere next time, I think we will stay somewhere new everytime we go. Don't be afraid to book it if you are used to Holiday Inns etc... :) ... what are you waiting for!? Book your trip to New York! Enjoy!	
Jun 27 2009 	Exceeded our expectations!	We arrived by car after a trans Atlantic flight and nearly 3 hours getting through immigration at JFK! We were tired. The staff were great and took all the bother out of sorting baggage and checking in. We had booked an executive room and were given one on the 41 st floor. After a day and having rested we realized how small the room was (the bell boy described it as a closet). We complained and were moved to a suite on the 42 nd floor and it was great. The executive lounge was OK but not outstanding and some staff there were a little indifferent. The breakfast was fine if a little limited. Overall a nice hotel to which we would return.	
Jun 24 2009 	Good Hotel	Stayed for 3 nights over Memorial Day weekend. Room was clean and in good shape. The hotel is huge and had lots of traffic through the lobby all the time. Was able to check in early (about 10am) and had no problems during the stay. Beds were comfortable and the linen was in good shape. Bathroom was fully functional and clean.There are multiple bars and restaurants in the hotel. We didn't use them because they were too expensive, even for New York. There is a Starbucks accessible through the breakfast area. Not sure if it is attached to the hotel or not.There is a business center in the hotel but the charge for the internet is very high, $10/10 minutes. It cost $1/page to print. That typified everything about this hotel. If you wanted something you could get it, but it was going to cost you. There is a restaurant one block north (Astro) which serves a good breakfast at half the cost of eating at the hotel. There is also a kebab vendor on the hotel block that most have the best stuff going. Every evening he had 30+ people in line. Not too far from the subway and an easy walk to Times Square.	
Jun 16 2009 	Not a good experience!	Was attending a convention at Jacob Javits Convention Center and booked the Hilton expecting a superior stay. Was disappointed. First room was across the hallway from the elevator shafts. I shut the door to my room and heard &quot;whooo, whooo&quot; through the ceiling tiles as the elevators went up and down. Returned to the front desk, got no apologies, and was given another room at the end of the hall on another floor where quiet was promised. Up 42 floors, down a VERY long hallway, opened the door, and found the room to be already occupied. Not only embarassing, but maybe even dangerous.Down the elevator again to the front desk. Got another room, this time with a feeble apology and an offer of free breakfast. Was too tired at this point to even care. Got my third room that was mediocre at best. Fell asleep immediately, went down the next morning to check out. The front desk clerk was indifferent and never thanked me for staying, no &quot;have a nice day;&quot; actually no conversation at all.Would not stay here again. Hilton New York really needs to work on their customer service skills. Did I mention that a glass of third-rate Chardonnay at the bar was $14.00?	
Jun 15 2009 	Perfect for 1st time to NYC - mom and daughter trip	My daughter (18) and I stayed at the New York Hilton for 3 nights in May. We could not have picked a better hotel for our first trip to NYC.Our room was ready when we arrived at noon. It was big and beautiful – obviously recently renovated. Lovely linens, comfy beds, large flat screen, contemporary fixtures and lighting.The location was also perfect. Easy walk to Central Park, museums, Rockefeller Center, Broadway.The staff was exceedingly helpful and friendly.I can’t imagine even trying a different hotel on a return trip – why chance it?	
Jun 15 2009 	Good location - Tips problem for breakfast	I rented three rooms for members of my family for a week in June 2009.The positive aspects :- good location in NY - relatively quiet and modern rooms,- good service at the front deskThe negative aspects :- the entrance lobby is like a train station, huge and noisy, with almost no seats for customers,- almost a permanent queue for check in or check out,- locked minibar with &quot;all you move as to be paid&quot;,- swindle at breakfast ; even if you have paid your stay inclusive of breakfast, the waiters in breakfast room will ask for tips and will charge for it. So whatever you have paid in advance, they will rush to ask you to sign bills with tips based on a breakfast individual price of around USD 40... This is unacceptable but the practice of this Hilton hotel... Keep an eye on the bill because the final charge for the breakfast service can be... very inventive... This should be put to an end !!A pity, because the hotel as such is a good hotel.	
Jun 11 2009 	Nicely appointed comfy room and a great hotel location	This was my 10th visit to New York. I stayed here 5th June for 2 nights, and paid $190 per night (including tax) in advance to get the cheapest rate. I booked directly on the Hilton website. I choose their ‘eStandby’ upgrade option which means that rather than paying full price at the time of booking for a guaranteed upgrade, here if an upgrade is available on the day you get it for a reduced amount, if it is not then you pay nothing. Luckily for us it was, so for $9 extra a night we got one of the newly renovated rooms. The two double beds were very comfortable, and we used the fridge mini-bar to store our milk. The flat screen TV worked well, and had a good choice of channels. Make sure you join the Hilton Honors program before you go – this lets you join the slightly shorter queue at check in. There are machines to use for check in and out, and these can also be used to print airline boarding passes for free, which is useful. The lobby is large and busy with a restaurant and a bar. The bar has a good atmosphere and quick waiter service, but beware that like a lot of hotels it is expensive ($9 for a bottle of beer). The view from the room was not great, but we hadn’t paid extra for a view this time. The front of the hotel allows taxis to drive in, so you don’t need to get wet if it rains! There is also a smoking area here. The hotel left a message on our phone offering up to 2 additional nights for $99 per night, which is a great deal (sadly we didn’t have time to take it up). The room was spacious, nicely appointed and quiet, and the lifts were quick. The 6th Avenue location is really central – it takes only about 5 minutes to walk to Rockefeller Center, and a few minutes more to get to Broadway. I recommend this hotel, especially if you can get a reasonable rate like I managed to.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great close to everything	Really convenient hotel, centrally located, great deal available on Expedia. Room size amazing, had two interconnecting rooms which slept five of us all in beds (not sofa beds) Just what you need after a busy day sightseeing.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great hotel	I got an upgrade to one of the renovated rooms (34th floor).Beautiful fresh rooms. Service is good. Nice selection of restaurants. Great location. All in all a great experience. But it's so big that the service is a tad impersonal.	
Jun 8 2009 	pretty decent...	We stayed at this Hilton over the Memorial Weekend..compared to all the other locations we had been looking at, the hotel was well priced (around $692.00 for 3 nights) especially for the size of room we got. We stayed in a deluxe room on the 11th floor, and it was like being like any other Hilton hotel...but then again we rarely spent time at the hotel. I'll tell you this, the lobby was always super busy and noisy during the day...The staff that we came across were polite but always abrupt..I guess it's the New York way, everyone seemed to be in a hurry and unhappy...The one thing that was great about this hotel was the location. We really had no idea how close we were to Time's Square and 5th Avenue...we thought we had to take a cab only to find that it was only a 10 minute walk....nice! We didn't get to eat at the restaurant in the hotel, so I can't coment about it, but the best food I ate during my entire stay at NY was on the street right across the Hilton. There was a line at this vendor usually from around 5/6pm until around 2am, but I don't know if they ran later than that. The vendors told us that the food was Egyptian, and I'm salivating just remembering how good it tasted....so definitely worth the wait (and the line was fast moving)! I would highly recommend this vendor (6th avenue and 53rd st area), actually I would stay at this same location again just for to be close to this vendor as well as proximity to some NY sites....	
Jun 8 2009 	I wanted to like it - but it fell short in several ways	We have been to NYC 4 times, and stayed at 4 different hotels. The last time we were there, we planned to stay at the Hilton. We liked the location and thought it would be great.We checked in to the hotel at 9 PM at night and unfortuneatly for us, there was still a line at check-in. I had even joined Hilton Honors to try to avoid the dual line issue I had read about in a review below. It didn't help. We still had to wait. There was only one person working the desk for quite a bit of the time and they were only working the Hilton Preferred honors or some level above the regular hilton honors members. So that was not pleasant.We asked if we could have a high floor room and they said no, they were full and we only could have floor 10. We also asked about upgrading and again were told no. I always mark high floor on my preferences when making reservations and usually we are accomodated although its something we can live without.I had sent a package to the room paying for express mail for Monday delivery. Because the Business Office was closed we were unable to get the pkg until the next day even though they told us they would have sent it to the conscierge desk. That package had our toiletries in it and so we called to the customer service desk as they said they would provide complimentary toothbrush/toothpaste if you needed them. They said they would bring it up and they never did. They did however bring up room service for us. The next morning we called again for the toiletries as the business office wasn't opened yet and they did come up with 1 toothbrush and 1 toothpaste. Then we did get our package.The maid service cleaned the room but never replaced the glasses in our room during our stay. We didn't really want to pay room service prices on the other nights and so had to rinse out the one remaining glass. The room was ok but fairly small. There is no mini bar. It is locked and if you want anything you need to call down for the key. There was some discoloration in the shower that I wasn't sure if it was mildew or not.. I didn't like seeing it anyway.There is alot of business meetings in the hotel, which has an entirely different mood than we were on for our leisure trip. The hotel bar was stuffy and the waiter cutally asked us not to sit on a nice large couch that my hubby was wanting to use as it was romantic and it was our anniversary and asked us to sit at a table for two. We did and we left the large couch empty after we had our drinks, just like 85% of the room was when we arrived. Hubby was mad that I left him a tip at all. We did like being close to the Halal cart on 53rd and 6th as that is great food at a good price ($6.00 a platter) but we could definitely walk there from another hotel when we go next time.I also liked the overhead area where you could get a cab fairly easily.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Location and Fantastic View!!!!	This is our second trip to New York. We stayed in a different hotel last year and was very dissapointed!!! Upon seeing the Hilton last year..we knew we would be saying at it next time. We checked in the within 10 mins of arriving. The staff are very friendly and helpful with all our questions. Our room was great!!! We were on the 39th floor. We did not wait more then a couple of mins for a elevator!!!!( and it was the long weekend). My husband especially loved that Starbucks was across the street. We needed a cab one day...they pulll up as soon as you walk out thanks to the doormen. We went to a couple of theatre productions and found we were only a couple of blocks away from both theatres. We also ventured to Central Park and we are only three blocks from of the entrances.We are returning in August and look forward to a longer visit.	
Jun 2 2009 	Perfect Location - Could Not Ask for Better	We headed to NYC for a Girls Weekend Away at the end of May 2009. We chose to stay at the Hilton New York because I had found an amazing deal through their website...the only catch was that the room had to be prepaid and was non-refundable which was fine since we were getting the room as such a bargain rate. We drove into the city and the hotel and parking garage were very easy to find. We had called the previous day to see if you could have early check-in on the Friday that we arrived and we were granted permission to do so. We checked in at 10:30am on a Friday. We also requested late check-out on Sunday and were given that also. There is a place in the lobby area that they will watch your bags for you (kind of like a coat check) and you will pay $3.50 per article that they watch/store for you. It worked out great for us on our last day so that we could still enjoy the city and not worry about our bags and purchases in the car.The hotel was very clean and in the absolute perfect location! It is very centrally located and is within walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, 5th Avenue Shopping, Radio City Music Hall and tons of bars and restaurants. For NYC the hotel room was large and fit 4 of us very comfortably. We did have a few problems, like the air conditioner wasn't working well and the shower pressure was very light....however, we called down to the front desk and someone was there to fix it within minutes and all was well again. They do provide a hair dryer in the hotel...no need to bring your own, and it isn't a typical hotel hair dryer, it's nice and powerful. We only went to the lobby bar once and each had one drink....very expensive! $14 for a small glass of red wine (house wine too) and it just wasn't worth it. Better to walk 2 blocks towards Central Park and do the 2 for 1 martini's....yummy!! And you get two for $13! No complaints about the elevators that I had read in previous reviews. They came fast and we never really waited for them. The hotel staff were very helpful in pointing what direction to go to get where we wanted to go.All in all a great stay for 4 girls in NYC....clean, safe and great location! Could not of asked for more.	
May 31 2009 	Location Location Location!	The best thing that this Hilton has going for it is its central location. It's a short walk to Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and the theater district, with many good eateries around. The hotel itself is huge, with a large, busy lobby. The room are standard Hilton rooms - impersonal but very clean and comfortable. We recommend eating breakfast at Astro --a busy coffeeshop on Avenue of the Americas and 55th street.	
May 28 2009 	Terrific location adequate in all other ways	We stayed at the Hilton New York for 4 nights in mid-May on HiltonHonors award points. As Hilton Gold members, we received coupons for a beverage and a pastry at the lobby Starbucks each day (though NYC is one place where we could easily have found an inexpensive and much better breakfast) and got free internet access as our &quot;MyWay&quot; benefit; the internet worked fine, though the connection was slow.Our 2 double bed room on the 36th floor was of reasonable size, clean, and well maintained except for peeling ceiling paint in the bathroom and a scruffy, banged up safe in the closet. A small, but nice touch was having 2 luggage racks. The mattresses were the low point (pun intended). We only needed 1 bed, but tried both. They were ok, but both sagged considerably on the night stand side. Another annoyance was that there was only the center night stand. I did manage to pull a little side table somewhat near to my side of the bed to hold my glasses, etc. at night. Our north-facing room had a tiny view of Central Park and an even tinier view of the Hudson River, but it was nice to see more than just tall buildings. The noise level from both inside and outside was remarkably low.The staff were courteous, though with the exception of the housekeeping staff and the person who checked us out, I wouldn't characterize them as friendly. We never waited long for help. The Hilton Club hucksters at 2 booths in the lobby were aggressive and annoying--they are best avoided.Finally, the best thing about the Hilton New York is its location, It's an easy walk to Central Park, Lincoln Center, the Empire State Building, and much more. It's also of course near Times Square, but far enough away (a plus in my book). Subway stations and bus stops are nearby. Though the hotel is large and impersonal, this really mattered little to us as our goal was to enjoy the city--the Hilton's location made it the perfect home base.	
May 25 2009 	OK for a Manhattan Hotel	We stayed in a standard two-double bed room for Memorial Day weekend. The room was on the larger size of those we've stayed in in NYC before, which was nice. The beds were comfortable. The bathroom was tiny. Overall, the room was clean. OK, so there's the good stuff.Only two sets of towels were provided, and it took forever to get extras. Despite having 4 sets hung up on the morning of day 2, when we returned in the afternoon - two sets of towels again. Another wait for additional linen.Check-in was a nightmare. The line for &quot;non- HHonors&quot; was 8 people long, and they kept letting the HHonors people have priority to ALL of the registration agents. After 40 minutes on line, we finally made it to the front - only to be told (at 2:30PM) that the room wasn't ready and to come back and stand in line AGAIN any time after 3PM. Same MO at 3PM - waiting for all the HHonors guests to get first dibs at all the registration folks. Needless to say, we joined HHonors program - think it's a plot??Overall, we guess we can get past the check-in. We might consider staying here again. The location is great.	
May 25 2009 	Beautiful Quiet Roomy	I have been here before and once again the room was great, quiet. I asked for a quiet room and non-connecting and got an end room.	
May 22 2009 	A relly nice hotel	We visited NYC for 8 days, we booked 2 room suite.This place was awesome!Evrything about our stay was great but we did have some rain.who cares , your in NYC.	
May 20 2009 	Nice place but nothing included	Just came back from New York with my girlfriend and we stayed at the Hilton. The place was very nice and the rooms were very clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The bed was super comfortable. The only thing I found that sucked was that nothing was really included. We asked for a water bottle in our room and they wanted $5.50 for it, you might as well go across the street to the Pharmacy and get one for $1.00. The internet is not free either but you can usually catch a wireless signal from the building across the street. The bag storage is not free either, it is roughly $3.50 per bag. I'm not sure if it is like that everywhere in New York but some places, bag storage is included in the price of the room. The location is excellent, however. you are just a few blocks from central park and just 10-15 minute walk from Times Square. You are really close to all the flagship stores on fifth avenue, so if you're going with a women, you might want to hold on to the credit cards. Also, very close is the Rockefeller center which you can pay to go up and see the view.	
May 19 2009 	Great location and very good hotel.	Stayed at this hotel in mid-May for a weekend visit to Manhattan. This was our first visit and we were looking for a hotel near Broadway and other tourist attractions. The location was perfect - took the subway from Penn Station and there is a stop about a block from the hotel. Room seemed recently renovated (king deluxe suite). Bed was comfortable and the room had a wide-screen TV and a couch. Bathroom had a full-size shower but the sink and toilet area reminded me of cruise-ship bathrooms. I stay at Hilton brand hotels often on business and found this property to be consistent with the others. Only two negatives:1. Staff selling timeshares were too aggressive even by NYC standards. They should not be allowed to shout out at guests as they walk by.2. $3.50 per bag charge to store baggage before or after checkout.	
May 18 2009 	Stay Here for Radio City Music Hall	We needed a hotel close to Radio City for the Leonard Cohen concert so I chose the Hilton for its location. The hotel is large and busy, but our floor (36) was quiet and from the window we could see a small slice of Central Park. The room was clean and attractively decorated. The bathroom, small, but was clean and the marble sparkled. There was a small patch of peeling ceiling in the bathtub/shower from the humidity. The staff we encountered were friendly. Housekeeping greeted us whenever we passed them in the hallway. The concierge helped us with a reservation at a nearby restaurant(IL Gattopardo) which we both enjoyed. Dinner was $118 for two with wine and dessert. Check in and out was quick and pleasant. We were only in the city for the show so this hotel was perfect for being close to the venue and the nearby dinning saved us time.	
May 17 2009 	Great Location Clean and a good base for touring New York from	We wanted a good hotel that we could use as a base for our recent trip to New York.We didn't want or need a 5* hotel as we would spend the days and nights out around Manhattan.The Hilton NY is in a great location 5 mins from Central Park, 15 mins from the Upper East Side and a 5min walk from the Rockerfeller Centre. So it is a good choice for a mid-town location.The room was recently refurbished and plenty big enough. I would certainly use the Hilton NY again for leisure or business.	
May 16 2009 	Great stay in New York	Stayed four nights (Wednesday-Sunday) in the New York Hilton.The hotel is very well run for such a large place (almost 1000 rooms), but it is big and it is New York, so it is a busy place.If you can get a good deal I will recommend the hotel.I ordered an e-upgrade for $30 per night for the executive level, which includes continental breakfast in the executive lounge and Internet access (only in the lounge, not in the room). I think is is worth the price.We were tourists (using the New York Pass to visit all the tourist sites – also a good deal if you plan to be doing a lot), so the location was excellent for us.If you are here on business, it is OK, just don’t expect personalized service. Especially on the weekends it is busy with tourists.The elevators were OK, but I can see if one of them fails, then it will be a major problem.All in all, a great stay for us at a reasonable price.	
May 11 2009 	Great Location..Decently Priced	Took family for a long weekend trip to NYC and as a business traveler who stays dedicated to the Hilton brand I naturally selected this hotel due to excellent location. We were very pleased with this hotel and services we received. While not a top of the line Hilton it more than makes up for with location, cleanliness and good customer service. The only negative was the &quot;hard selling&quot; the Hilton Towers sales associates put on patrons as they entered the lobby. These eager sales reps bark and sell upon entry and exit through out the lobby and it is rather irritating. I would almost been interested in listening further to the opportunity but was beyond bothered by the constant circus barking. Also they closed down the lobby bar at 10:30 pm and didn't have another one to visit in the hotel......after a long day of sightseeing and walking a tired ole dad needs a DRINK!!!!!	
May 4 2009 	Average Hilton	We stayed for one night and this is an average Hilton. Room was clean, bedding good, bathroom was OK. We got the room for $125 on Priceline, a bargain basement buy for NYC. All in all a good stay.	
May 1 2009 	Hilton New York ok if price is good	No one was available to help us with the luggage. Checked in at the Kiosk, as the line was horrible in the lobby, but our room was ready and it was only noon.The hotel was kept up nice, very large lobby area and lounge, set up nice for conventions. One of the lounges was not open the whole 5 days and it was a bit crowded in the one that was. Our room clean, but had a strange smell in it when we arrived, we just opened the windows, who knows, we never noticed it again upon returning from or day trips. Room was large enough for NYC room size, but the bathroom was rather small. Shower was nice too. All in all Room was acceptable.I have had free internet in other Hilton hotels since I have a honors number, but here it was $18.95 a day in your room. And they could not get it to work for me, and it did not seem like they cared to, so they did let me use the business center once for no charge. A woman in the business center said they had been having lots of trouble lately, but no hotel staff told me that. The business center is $22 a day if you don't have your own computer along. We never hooked up to the internet, which I missed.I called the concierge's from the room and was put on hold a very long time, so I just walked down there, as I figured they were busy, When I go there there was no line and they were just standing there.The concierge's were helpful with directions, but not much help in suggesting things when ask about places to eat near by. The hotel restaurant only had a buffet for breakfast. No cooked to order.The maids were very nice and seemed to be the same each day. They did a good job too.When we checked out and ask to check our bags for 5 hours we were told it was $3.50 a bag. I travel to hotels at least once a month all over and have never had to pay for that service at a hotel I stayed at. I was floored. I realize it is New York, but never before even in New York. That really turned me off. Such a small thing, for a high priced place.convention business type hotelI	
Apr 30 2009 	Over Rated	The room was clean, as usual for the Hilton Chain BUT there was absolutely no sign of a coffe maker. If you wanted coffee downstairs, it cost 7.00 for one cup. For room service coffee, it was 12.00. We walked down the block to McDonalds for our morning fix.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great Stay !	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Hilton for 3 nights in April and wouldn't hesitiate to use this hotel again. This was our second trip to New York.Our room was ready for us &amp; was a good size, well appointed &amp; very clean. The ironing board was missing but one was brought up straight away on request. The location is great. It's an easy walk to Broadway, Central Park or major shopping streets !! There's abrilliant deli across the street ( if you go out the side door where the garage is) It was used by a good mix of tourists &amp; New Yorkers for breakfast. I loved it. Although the hotel was very busy all the time I always felt safe. They have good security late at night. All in all a very good base for sightseeing, shopping or theatre-going in New York. I'd recommend it.	
Apr 25 2009 	Nice Hotel But Lots of Extra Charges	We had a renovated room which was spacious, nicely decorated, and very clean. Beds were extremely comfortable, bath was small but clean with tile bath and granite counter top. As noted elsewhere, the location is terrific. Only complaint was all the extra charges, we definitely felt like we were being nickeled and dimed at every turn. Almost $50 for parking per day, $50 to use the gym (!), $3.50 per bag to check your bags - and coats/jackets each count as a bag. We did encounter some delays for elevator, but not nearly as long as other people have noted here - perhaps hotel was not full when we visited. Make sure you mention that you're Hilton Honors when making a reservation and ask for a renovated room. We found the lobby to be odd, with almost no seating except for a couple of circular seating areas around the busy registration area. For such a huge hotel, there was no comfortable area to sit, and no areas that were laid out for people wanting to have a conversation, or to read or wait to meet others. Almost like lobby was planned to force people to use lounge area if they want to sit or meet people, and feel compelled to purchase drinks. Would still recommend this hotel if you could reserve a renovated room. Just be aware that some perks that are offered for free at other hotels will cost you here.	
Apr 24 2009 	Don't waste your money	i got a great deal on this hotel with hotels.com. Hotel lovely on the outside, porters so helpful in bringing you to your room.(suppose they're after their tip)Once your in, it appears your forgotten about.There was a minibar, located in the room, behind a cupboard door. To open the cupboard door, you had to first break off a plastic tab and then insert the key that reception has given you. Of course, we all wanted to have a peek and looked inside but didn't take anything.Closed the door and then locked it. We then went out for a stroll and a sight of the city that never sleeps, and a bite to eat.On return I noticed that a NEW plastic tab, had been put on the cupboard door. This could have only been put on by a member of staff and although I understand its their hotel, I felt as if my privacy had been invaded as I wasn't expecting anyone in to the hotel room. Why would I expect anyone in the room, I'd just checked in!!! I hadn't requested anything from the hotel either. Sounds funny, but I'm sure you know what I mean.Secondly a big complaint is the lifts......only 3 elevators to serve the floors 24-34 and the porters use the same lifts with all the luggage. Always waiting for at least 5 mins for the lifts. No aircon appeared to be working in the hotel either as was always so hot waiting. The lowest I could set the temperature to in the room was 75F. Couldn't adjust this.One evening, my 9 year old son was unwell. We decided to rush back to the hotel as he felt he was going to throw up. Guess what??? We were waiting for the lift for a good 5 mins and my poor little lad, threw up on the floor just outside the lifts on the ground floor. My hubby called a member of staff and all he could do was 'roll his eyes to heaven' when he saw what happened. Line to deal with Reception was very long and only ever saw 2 receptionists. More waiting in line. No apology from receptionist about the wait.BIG Complaint was the cost of services within the hotel$3.50 per item to hold a bag once you've checked out$5.00 for 3 slices of toast and on top of that there is a 'room service tax' or something similar for room service delivery of €4.50!!!Salad was something like €18.00Even the Starbucks downstairs within the hotel charged $1 more for a cup of Latte than the one across the road. MadOne thing I will say, they're beds were fantastic. So comfortable. Doesn't make up for very poor shoddy service. I had just come from 10 nights at the Marriott in Orlando, and no comparrison to the service. Unfortunately the Marriott in New York was full.Ridiculous prices. I know its the Hilton, but unfortunately I'll never stay there again, due to the poor customer service, apparent lack of friendly and courteous staff.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great hotel; Awesome location	From the moment we arrived the service was excellent. Check-in took only minutes and the hotel staff members were helpful and polite. The hotel lobby is spacious and beautiful. Our rooms were beautifully decorated and perfectly clean. The hotel was very quiet and the beds were comfortable. There is no better location in the city. Everything is within walking distance...Times Square, theaters, 30Rock, Central Park and shopping. The breakfast buffet was great especially for our kids. We will defintely stay at this hotel on our next trip.	
Apr 22 2009 	The name Hilton should be enough - and it is.	We got a good offer, which made it worth the money. The hotel was crowded due to Easter celebrations and the waiting time at the elevator was ridiculous. Except for that, we enjoyed everything.	
Apr 22 2009 	Really enjoyed our stay	After a lot of research we eventually selected the Hilton. Spent four nights in a suite, then moved to double rooms for two nights as neither room type was available for the whole stay. I emailed the hotel in advance to request renovated rooms. However.....none of the suites have been renovated - last upgraded 5 years ago. The Hilton offered to upgrade our standard and therefore not renovated rooms for the last two nights to deluxe when I pointed out that their website said that the suites were renovated . Renovated rooms are classed as deluxe and charged at a higher rate.First impressions when walking down the corridor to our 43rd floor suite were not great. It was just all a bit shabby - not dirty or dusty - just well worn and tired. The suite was large though. Two double beds in a large room, double sofa bed in the lounge with plenty of room for a rollaway bed if required. There was a huge walk in wardrobe to store luggage and hang clothes. The bathroom was small but extremely clean, tiles were good, grouting looked new. For two teenagers and two adults, the space was great. Would have been very happy to stay in the suite rather than moving to the deluxe rooms but the suites were full. The Hilton staff (with the exception of the dour faced staff in the Exec lounge) were all fantastic and made our move very easy - allowing us to move from the suite by 6pm so we did not compromise our day. The Deluxe rooms were very good - certainly 4 star. Again the bathrooms were small but well equipped and immaculately clean. As for the location of the Hotel, it can't be beaten.....5 minutes walk to Radio City and the Rockerfeller Center, 10 minutes walk to Times Square, 5 minutes to Fifth Avenue. Would I stay at the Hilton again ....DEFINITELY. Would I recommend it ...DEFINITELY....just don't expect grand corridors or modern fittings in the standard rooms ...they are very clean 3 star offerings. If you want to be sure to get a modern room with a flatscreen TV and black granite surfaces, then go for the deluxe rooms.	
Apr 21 2009 	Charming wonderful first stay in the big apple	After the very long flight we were delighted by this lovely hotel.The location was prime (5 minutes walk from Central Park, Times Sq., Rockefeller Center and the famous Burger Joint). The staff was friendly and helpful (especially the bellman), the room cozy and nice, bed comfortable, closet space for our stuff, clean and tidy. And there are Starbucks and Pret just outside the hotel (good source for breakfast).Also - we had a lovely New York view from out window (not facing a brick wall...).Got this hotel through Priceline, lower price than Stay Hotel and much better!Would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great Location Comfortable Room	We spent 7 nights starting Easter weekend and were quite satisfied with the Hilton. We were given a recently remodeled room on a high floor reserved for Hilton Honors members so that may have made a difference.The hotel delivered on my most important requirements: it was quiet, the bed was comfortable, and the location is great. The air conditioning system worked very well. On the downside, both the hotel reception level elevator lobbies and the number of elevators are woefully inadequate for the size of the hotel. At busy times every day it was not unusual for every elevator that stops at your floor to be crammed with people. We sometimes had to wait for the fourth or fifth elevator before there was one with room to board.The satellite TV system was glitchy and might or might not be receiving the network you'd like to see at any given moment. The bathroom was very small, especially compared to the relatively spacious room. It was clear at some point the tub had been removed and instead there was a shower big enough for four. I would have preferred more bathroom floor space to all that shower floor space.But those were small problems offset by the very convenient subway stations (57th St. at 6th Ave. and Rockefeller Center), a short walk to Central Park, Times Square, many theaters, and 5th Avenue shopping. We never ate at the hotel so I can't comment on that.	
Apr 20 2009 	good choice for business	The Hilton NY is well located for most business appointments in midtown NY. My room was updated and comfortable - nothing special but no complaints either. I got a fantastic price (under $200) so for the money it was terrific. Nice fitness center. The only downside is that it was extremely crowded, which caused VERY long waits for elevator, front desk, concierge, etc. If you are a low maintenance traveler, this is a fine choice. If you expect personalized service, look elsewhere.	
Apr 19 2009 	Hotel Stay	I stayed here with three friends over Easter for 5 nights. The Air Conditioning is not very good, the rooms were very warm and we could not alter the temperature in the room, I would not like to be there in the height of summer. Felt the room service was not up to scratch. Tea &amp; coffee facilties not great, we bought our own refreshments. The prices in the lobby bar are outrageous - be very careful when having drinks there, as you will be ripped off. 8 white wine sprtizers cost us $127 dollars. The service charges are rediculous. Location is excellent but I would not stay here again.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great place good value for money	The Hilton new york is very convinient for someone wanting a central location in Manhattan. The hotel has a fantastic room view overlooking central manhattan. The service quality is very good and the food is reasonable. The security measures put in place ensure that you feel secure inside. Pricing was very reasonable given it is central manhattan.	
Apr 17 2009 	Good location but too big so very busy and impersonal.	Went for 10th wedding anniversary over Easter weekend. There were lots of school trips on so lots of noise and kids!! We are both school teachers so was very annoying!Hotel is very central but still be prepared for lots of walking. If you are looking for a romantic break with personal touches then don't choose this one - I don't think i spoke to anyone from the hotel apart from check in and even then staff were very unfriendly and treated you simply as a number! Room was a deluxe king but i wouldn't class it as DELUXE. Went on to the Venetian in Vegas a few days later. Now that was luxury!!  Tip - don't use the room phone - will cost a small fortune!	
Apr 17 2009 	Loved the view from the room	I was on holiday to US n the first stop was new york.....after a 16 hrs flight a room like home was needed and i must admit that hilton new york didn't disappoint me.....the hotel was located right at the city center.....the view was kind of awesome......the room were kind big enough....n the service was well to do with the hotels reputation.....simply awesome and a 5 star rating from me.......	
Apr 14 2009 	Very Good Location But bad «money for value»	Very good location, near atractive places. Too many noisly students (groups of 30/40 boys and girls). Rooms are clean, but very old for 220,00 USD/per day, without breakfast. Very expensive.Staff and service - Regular.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great Hotel - not disappointed	We stayed at the Hilton New York over the Easter long weekend. The hotel was recommended by a friend and we were not disappointed. ROOM - We stayed in an Executive level room. The room was a good size with a very comfortable king bed and comfortable chairs. The bathroom was nice - great shower. Housekeeping cleaned the room as soon as we left each day.SERVICE - The staff at check-in and the concierge desk were friendly &amp; helpful, and we never waited to speak to anyone, even with the hotel very busy with groups.FOOD - We didn't eat in the hotel restaurants, but we had some breakfasts &amp; evening snacks in the lounge on the 44th floor (included with the room) and we found the food good, but it was too busy &amp; noisy - they need a bigger room for the number of rooms that have access. There was always a lineup in the morning, but the wait was under 10 minutes. Also some parents let their children run free in the lounge. The drinks are too expensive - 20 to 25 dollars for 2 drinks. If they dropped the prices, maybe more people would order drinks.LOCATION - One of the best things about this hotel... located a short walk from everything... Central Park, broadway theatres, Lincoln Centre, Rockefeller Centre, Fifth Avenue shopping district. Within a couple of blocks are Carnegie Hall, MOMA, Radio City Music Hall. Easy subway access to get anywhere else. We took the subway to the Guggenheim, Ground Zero, Macy's &amp; Greenwich Village.OVERALL - Very good hotel. We will stay there again.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good location but average hotel	I stayed in this hotel over a weekend and got a good deal on Priceline for $110 a night. The Good• Location, location, location! Perfect for Times Square or shopping on Fifth Avenue• Beds are comfortable but beware, the rooms are quite small. We had a queen room and while it’s probably a standard size for midtown, if you like your comfort, book a king.• Near the subway (but its NYC so everywhere is near a subway!)The Bad• We checked our luggage on the day of our departure so that we could attend a matinee that day. There is a charge of $3.50 per bag. I’ve stayed in many other hotels including other Hiltons in New York and never had to pay for my luggage before.• I phoned ahead to see if I could get a double room instead of a queen and the person who answered the phone “made a note of it” but when I arrived, my request could not be accommodated. I’m attributing this to the fact that I booked on Priceline and I think hotels only allow certain rooms to be available for those bookings.• Minimum charge for Wi-fi is $15.95 per night (go to Starbucks instead)The Ugly• If you park in a parking garage other than the official Hilton garage, management will not stamp your ticket. I parked on 56th because they only have valet parking in the hotel and I had read on this site that it was about $50 a night. The garage attendant told me he would give me a $7 a night discount if I got the ticket stamped (he probably knew the policy!) but the front desk refused to stamp it and were even a little rude about it• The elevators - OMG, what a wait!!!! We were on the 7th floor and there was a convention on the 3rd floor. During the times of the meetings, it is almost impossible to get down to the lobby unless you ride up to ride back down. Or I guess you could take the stairs depending on your floor.I didn’t use the Fitness Center or eat at any of the restaurants so I can’t give a good review of those facilities. Realistically, you are probably not going to spend that much time in your room because there is so much to see and do in New York but I have to say that based on the bad and the ugly, I probably wouldn’t stay in this hotel again.	
Mar 31 2009 	Fabulous location	Very friendly staff throughout the hotel. Queen size room a little small but the norm in New York. Very high standard of cleanliness in the room and all communal areas. The room service was expensive but to be expected in a 4 star hotel. We booked through priceline.com and saved a fortune!!The location is perfect, only a 5 min walk to Times Square and Central Park. Would def stay in this hotel again.	
Mar 25 2009 	Great location infamous NY manners.	On my way from the valet parking to check in I was practically tackled by a salesperson wanting to give me Hilton Honors points to stay at another Hilton property on my next trip. He was very aggressive and it took me a few minutes to disengage politely. When I went to check in at the front desk the first words the person said to me were a frustrated &quot;Wait, I'm not ready yet,&quot; with her hand up in a stop gesture. That pretty much sums up our stay. Our rooms weren't ready, either. We were on the 22nd floor and there was alot of room construction and remodeling around us which started relatively early in the morning, was noisy and kept the halls busy all day. Even so, it's a nice, big hotel in a great location in walking distance from Central Park, 5th ave, Times Square, Grand Central, MoMa, etc. The room charge is reasonable but everything else - valet, internet, coffee shop is very pricey. We prepaid $170 for a room, $48 to park one night, $18.95 for internet service and the lunch buffet in the casual restaurant was $30 with a small tip. Some of the staff were very nice and courteous while others were the stereotypical brusk &quot;whaddaya want from me&quot; old school NY attitude. I would definitely stay here again and just hope for a better welcome.	
Mar 24 2009 	What happened to this hotel?	The Hilton New York is on the downhill side of its splendor, with no signs of any resurgence. This once wonderful hotel has slipped from luxury to tourist class and is not representative of what one would expect from the Hilton name in New York City. In fact, it may not even be worthy of being a Howard Johnson. The location is in need of dire renovations and we were even housed on the Executive Levels of the property. The furniture in the rooms were deplorable, the elevators were slow and insufficient to handle the amount of group travelers that were housed within. This property has evolved from a business hotel to a group tour property, and if anyone is aware of what this can do to a hotel, it now not only has a high occupancy, but a high abuse occupancy as well. When we were there, the hotel was filled with high school students who were running the place.With such groups of a high number of occupants in the rooms, the elevators are completely insufficient in numbers to carry the load and it is made worse by the bellman carts utilizing the same passenger elevators. When contacting the Concierge, the phone rang off of the wall each night that we were there with not even a voicemail option to leave a message. It simply rang off of the wall. Also, the timeshare solicitation is overwhelming and a burden to the guests each time you walk past their desks, which it is impossible not to as you come out of the elevators. Another indication of losing the class of this property.In short, this property has a choice of continuing to operate as a tourist class property or investing significant dollars to get the property back to the levels that you expect from Hilton in New York. Due to the size of the property and the dificulty in securing loans, I anticipate that it will remain a tourist class property well into the future.The location, however, is perfect for the New York experience, should you being trying to accomplish just that. For the seasoned travelers, I strongly suggest that you choose another locations for your New York City hotel. If you have your standards and/or expectations set high, you will be disappointed.	
Mar 23 2009 	5 star location 4 star hotel	We have stayed at this Hilton 6x, always for 4 nights over Thanksgiving weekend. My husband is a Diamond hhonors member. Although this hotel is not one of the best Hiltons or hotels in general in NYC, we always come back for the location. When we come to NYC we are always running...we pack out days and nights full and sometime see 2 shows per day + dinners + walk thru central park + shopping on 5th ave. You can walk everywhere from here. If you are a diamond member you will get your room upgraded free (we always have), free access to fitness center, there is no SPA-you can call a phone # and they will come to your room for massage, pretty good but no SPA experience for the money, you will also get free WIFI. We always eat 1x in the hotels main restaurant, we do not take advantage of the free breakfast and evening hor dorves at the executive club b/c it is ALWAYS packed and tons of kids touching food /running around and ignorant parents not tending to their kids...sorry just a pet peeve...The rooms are large for NYC standards and well appointed/recently remodeled, the baths are adequate sized, large desk area and 2 phone lines. The odd thing about the main bar overlooking 54th street, its nice w/ alot of plasmas and BIG bar but it wasn't open until the evening(like 6pm or 7pm), even on T-Day, everyone came back from Macy's Day parade and was thirsty, the bar was closed...they could have made a killing on selling drinks but instead everyone sat in/at the bar drinking bottled water/cokes that they got on the way back from parade, then Saturday night after a show we went for dinner around 10pm, we tried 5 restaurants around the Hilton/ all closed, we ate the the Warwick across the street, I guess the bottom line is to plan ahead what's open when/where to eat late dinners. The hotel is huge, some poeple may not like that, but we do b/c there was always a little corner/sitting area we could go to and talk/watch people. Limited amount of shopping at the hotel. The check-in/out was easy and the bill was correct. Some complain about cost at the hotel but for NYC we found it reasonable. We always arrange for a car to pick us up at LGA, almost the same price as a taxi but the driver meets you at baggage claim so if its your 1st time to NYC it makes it easier, we paid for a sedan-they sent a stretch limo SUV(almost always, so book the smaller car). Bottom line is if you want a convenient location, good, clean hotel with some frills, this is the hotel for you. Tip: we have stayed in NYC atleast 12 other times for pleasure and my husband is in town for business 1x per month so any questions about this or other hotels (midtown or upper west side) we would be glad to help, just send us an email.	
Mar 23 2009 	Good location but watch the timeshare pushers.	Good location - away from the bustle of Times Square but close to most major areas of interest. Expensive for the actual standard of the hotel but I understand the rate is appropriate for New York.I stayed on the Executive Floor (42nd floor) for an extra $10 per night and had access to the complementary facilities in the Executive Lounge. The Executive rooms were nothing special but the beds were comfortable.The food in the hotel and any add-on services eg., $3.50 a bag to store luggage for a few hours, were very high. The Heartland Brewery two blocks away provided similar standard food for half the price. Behind the scenes the fire escape between the 42 nd and 44 th floors is obviously used infrequently. Cigarette stubs left in the same place for the 4 days of our visit. Computer servers/LAN switches on the walls behind the fire doors with wires/conduit hanging down. One item that irritated me was in the lobby with a desk adjacent to the lifts where sales people tried to get anybody passing to sign-up for a sales promotion to attend a 90 minute presentation on a new accommodation facility Hilton are converting two blocks away. However Hilton and the sales people wrap this approach, this was a hard sell to attend a timeshare promotion. I found this very tacky and downmarket for a hotel that is supposed to be a high standard facility. I would stay there again because of the location and recommend the facility to others but also look for better alternatives.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great location	We stayed here over Chrismas and had a great time. The staff we helpful and when we had a problem with noisy pipes ,the repair man was there in minutes ! He was fantastic and went beyond the call of duty.The location is great,just a short walk to the MOMA ,Radio city,Central park etc.We didn't eat there as we thought it was too dear and the local delis are hard to beat.The room was a good size and the bed was very comfortable.My one complaint is that we had to ask every day for more tea and coffee bags.	
Mar 16 2009 	Clean and Comfortable	The Hilton New York was in a great location, had decent amenities (2 bars, a restaurant, Starbucks, but no pool, and a pricey wireless fee), it was clean and spacious enough for two people (in a double bed room). The maids were noisy however, and even though we had a high floor, the sounds from the street were loud, though that is inevitable. I would recommend this hotel.	
Mar 15 2009 	Not up to expectations	I stayed at the Hilton for a World Congress. Check in was OK but despite requesting a late check out there was no note of this. Gym costs $50 per day - even when you book executive room on executive floor. No pool. Service in exec lounge very poor; i ended up clearing a table for breakfast myself. Continental breakfast OK. No hot food. Canapes in evening very poor and limited choice; no clear idea of vegetaren choice either; cash bar and no aperetif.The room was clean but nothing about it suggested exec e.g. very poor toiletries and not replenished; no bathrobe/slippers/ very poor choice in minibar and although wine in bar - no glasses for wine in room!Conference facilities good though.	
Mar 10 2009 	Rip-off	I was ticked off from almost the moment we arrived. I found out the parking is 50$ a night, after I'd already given them my car. There are much cheaper garages right down the street. The room was tiny, which might be true in all large city hotels, but it made me claustrophobic. The bed was uncomfortable. Then, when we checked out, there was a 180$ spa bill on my receipt. I didn't even know they had a spa. I had to call and be transferred three times before someone grudgingly admitted we hadn't used the spa and took the charge off the bill. I would have expected them to be hugely apologetic for this, and not to have made the customer keep calling around to solve the problem when it was the hotel's error. Since we stayed in NYC after the check-out time, we left our small carry-ons with the concierge at 3.50$ apiece. That's where they exceeded my rip-off limit. When we went to get the car, there was a 30 minute wait for it after a long line in which almost everyone seemed to be disputing their bill. So, if you choose to stay here, scrutinize your bill carefully, and be prepared to be charged for everything that isn't nailed down.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great Hotel For Conference Travelers	This hotel was great we were on the 29th floor and had a deluxe room with mable counter tops, great view, and all marble bath. Well worth the value for the price although its a little expensive to store your luggage fee is $3.50 still worth staying. Plus on the bright side there is so many food and drink choices at the restaurants you don't even have to leave the hotel to have some food. But the food is a bit pricey. Overall still a great hotel and I would def stay there again.	
Mar 8 2009 	convenient location and great price for NYC	Stayed here for one night and felt like we got a great rate of $189 for a deluxe king room. The location of this hotel is right in the center of midtown so it is very convenient for sightseeing in that area. Maybe a 10 - 15 minute cab to Soho, depending on traffic, of course.The hotel is huge and the lobby reminds me of a big Vegas hotel just packed with people, even though it is pretty. The line to park the car at the valet was so long we just parked somewhere else and I was glad we did b/c when we left on Sunday the wait at the valet to get the cars was about 15 people deep. There were also lines to check into the hotel although it moved pretty quickly, and the gentleman that checked us in was very friendly. There is a kiosk in the lobby where they try to sell timeshares, and as you walk by the guys there try to get you to come over and talk to them by offering you &quot;free&quot; gifts. Tacky for sure. Long lines also to get a cab in front of the hotel - you are better off going on the street and getting one yourself which is what we did.As for the room, ours was recently refurbished (rm 1347) and was nice and clean. On the smaller side but more than adequate. Nice furnishings, flat screen TV, small but nice bathroom. And I love that the windows open a bit for some fresh air. Also there were these motion sensor night lights that came on when you stepped out of bed at night so that was handy. I don't like having to use a key for the minibar but no big deal. Our friends had an older room and it definitely looked its age with worn wallpaper in the bathroom and dingier carpeting etc. so make sure to request a refurbished room b/c it makes a big difference. The concierge was not helpful at least by phone since when we called multiple times they never picked up. I didn't try to talk to them when I was in the lobby.For a quick trip into the city I would say this hotel is more than adequate and for midtown at $189 I felt like a got a great rate. It really is huge and feels a bit impersonal because of that but it served its purpose for our short stay.	
Mar 1 2009 	Good Location Bad Accommodation!	The only good thing about this hotel is the location. The Hotel lobby did look like a 4 star hotel but behind the scenes it was a 2 star accommodation. The rooms where in need of updateing and my smoke alarm was hanging off the ceiling. The corridor leading to our rooms did'nt look clean. Drinks and food where very expensive in the hotel and would recommend you to go to a restaurant out side of the hotel.	
Feb 27 2009 	Customer with a Gold Vip card	I am a Hilton Gold Vip and I was surprised when they offered us a room from the 8 th floor for a five night stay with the key to minibar and saying that there is a &quot;free bottle of water for you&quot;. Because this is a really huge hotel I wondered why they would not room at a Executive Floor level because I'm a Gold Vip but the man at this Executive Reservation Desk said that hotel is very crowded. I said that I have also card for Marriott hotels and maybe we have to go another hotel. After that he found us a room at the 40th foor giving us the key card in total silence. I have been in many Hilton and other hotels around the world and only once I have felt same coming to the reservation desk at Hilton Chicago. At this hotel my reservation was from some internet site than at Hilton's and the lady at the desk was very eager to tell that I'm not gonna get Hilton points for that stay although I did not expected to have any. Because of that experience I made this time my Hilton New York City reservation at Hilton site but it did not help us. At all other Hilton hotels around the world they ALWAYS have greeted me or us saying like &quot;welcome to the Hilton hotel&quot;. Maybe it is different in USA but I wonder why because friendliness does not cost a thing. This was not even the one and only experience of lack of hospitable because after this episode when we had our room at Executive Level and we went to daily to their breakfast and we find also there a man in the staff who did not always reply when I said Hi, Hello or Good morning. Usually they should say it first but now it was random if you got any response.Now you might think what kind of people we really are so it is better to tell that we are normal and typical europeian academic couple in our fifties who have not encountered any remarkable difficulties in other Hilton, Marriott, Intercontinental, Shangri-La etc.hotels. Vice versa for example in Hilton Vancouver they gave us their best rooms without asking and also at Inntercontinental in Beverly Hills. I do not even mention hotels in Asia because they always give everybody more than expected in service as you certainly know.Of course totally this was a minor thing and we certainly know that there are also other customers than us. But if you are on your vacation this kind of situation affects to your mood liked or not.So we do not expect moon from the sky just a little bit more hospitability as Conrad Hilton advertides in video tape which they so to customers (?).This maybe also the first Hilton hotel which did not ask any customer comments of the stay when we left. That is why I'm writing it here.Otherwise our room was huge and the location of the hotel was great. If you will not expect more service than at Mc Donald's so this is a right place for you.Anyway you will save with tips.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great Hotel Friendly Service!	Stayed for my fiances Accounting convention for 7 days. The hotel itself was beautiful! Great Location walking distance to central park, rockefeller center, and times square! The checkin/out were a breeze, coincerge(s) were very helpful! Nice shops and even a little restaurant inside. View was awesome, looked down and saw all the &quot;crazyness&quot; of the concrete jungle! Room was great tv, desk, and comfy bed! Bathroom was great as well, glass shower, and marble sink! All in all I would say it was a great hotel! Highly recommended!	
Feb 24 2009 	Don't stay here: Personal Items Went Missing!!!	I stayed for 2 days in January to attend a conference (I'm an attorney). I brought along two t-shirts - one to sleep in, one to work out in. It was chilly in the room the last evening so I wore both. One was an extra soft &quot;Life is Good&quot; shirt my hubby got me on a trip and the other was a shirt the Obama campaign gave us in return for a donation. On Jan 30, I checked out early (around 8:30 am) to get to my conference. I packed my belongings - my two shirts in a shopping bag. Big mistake. I picked up my two bags in the afternoon and dropped them off at a nearby hotel (my husband was joining me that evening for a weekend in NY). Around 7 pm, I am unpacking and can't find my two tees. I think - well, maybe I left them in the room (although I'm 95% sure I did not as I travel alot for business and pleasure and I'm good about triple checking my room before I depart). Anyway, I run across the street - I see security. They take me to the room (which was cleaned but unoccupied). Nothing there. Nobody returned the shirts to the Lost &amp; Found. I check the baggage check area - where I paid $3.50 for the day, presumably to keep my bags secure. No response. So they ask me to fill out a report, slip me a number to call &quot;Mike in security&quot; during the week to check with him to see if the shirts turn up. I do so the next week. Mike basically tells me he has &quot;no idea&quot; why they told me to call him. Really? A guest has items missing from either the room or the baggage area and SECURITY has &quot;no idea&quot; why I'm calling? Especially galling since SECURITY gave me &quot;Mike's&quot; number in the first place. I explain this to Mike. I also ask for the name of the Manager of the hotel, as I think maybe he should know about this. He tells me: &quot;I can tell you right now that he isn't going to care. He'll refer you right back to us [SECURITY].&quot; Then he says &quot;oh, the baggage claim is not Hilton - it's a third party contractor.&quot; I replied, &quot;Nice try, but it is the hotel's responsibility and at the end of the day, the hotel should know if any thefts are occurring on its premises.&quot; I also mentioned that on THursday, January 29, I was rudely treated by the maid on my floor Sophia. Here's what happened - I went back for my lunch break and went into my room to watch television. My remote control was gone. Since my room was clean and I had seen Sophia down the hall, I walked up, said &quot;excuse me, I'm staying in room such and such, where is my remote?&quot; She didn't respond. She waved me away. I asked again. She pointed down the LOOOONG hall: &quot;Go ask her.&quot; And she turned away. So I walked down to the other end of the hall and ask this poor woman, whose name, unfortunately, I didn't get because it seemed she actually cared about doing a decent job and treating guests with respect. She said &quot;Sophia cleaned your room -- Hold on, I'll find out...&quot; she walked with my down the hall and asked Sophia about it. Sophia, annoyed, said &quot;what? what are you talking about.&quot; This poor woman said &quot;her TV REMOTE! You cleaned her room! Do you have it?&quot; Of course, Sophia did - she had taken it from my room for some reason and put it in another and couldn't be bothered to answer my question. So of course I thought, well IF I did forget and leave my two tees in the room, maybe the oh-so-helpful Sophia would &quot;forget&quot; that she saw the tees although why someone would steal two tees I'll never know. So I mentioned this to &quot;Mike.&quot; No effect.A week later, I get a call from a David H. in security asking me to call him. I think - wow, maybe they found them in the laundry or something - that's great. I call back. Nope. David wants to know whether I have receipts for the tees. I was flabbergasted. Now I have to prove that I had them? I have time to make up stories about two tees not worth more than $30? I explained to him that the one tee I got on a trip to MD with my hubby in October 2007 - so, uh, no I wouldn't have a receipt for that. As for my Obama tee - it was a gift from the campaign so in a way it is priceless. I explained that to this guy and then asked why - and he said &quot;well, we need to know what they were worth IN CASE WE'RE LIABLE.&quot; Um, ok.I still plan to contact the hotel management. That was the most ridiculous, aggravating and downright obnoxious experience I have EVER had at a hotel. Like I said, I travel alot for business and pleasure and I have never had something go missing. I also felt like the so-called SECURITY Team was completely uninterested in my plight. I mean, I did say - yea, I get it, they're just two t-shirts, no big deal, but they are MY t-shirts and I like them both. I'd like to recover them. The whole thing left a bitter taste. Terrible hotel. Terrible service. Terrible follow up. Stay at the Warwick or the London. Hilton has gone down the hill. I will never stay at a Hilton, anywhere, ever again.	
Feb 20 2009 	New Yorks finest	My family and I stayed here while I entered the New York Marathon. We stayed for 5 nights and we upgraded to a suite for our stay, this gave us the use of the executive check in and lounge on the 44th floor. this was also an added bonus as the complimentary continental breakfast was more than enough to fuel us for the days sight seeing. They also provided complimentary wireless internet access and teas coffees soft drinks cakes etc served throughout the day. Our room was huge and slept the 6 of us easily. 2 x king beds and double sofa bed in lounge, also a free cot provided during our stay. Although the suite was pricey it was still good value we all thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Feb 16 2009 	Great location and good value for what we paid	Booked a two night stay on Priceline and paid only $110/night. Arrived at the hotel very early and requested check in at 9AM. Desk staff was able to find us a room in 45 minutes and we were happy to take whatever we got. Room was small with a Queen bed but very comfortable. Based on the rate we paid there was nothing to complain about. Be warned however that this is a large convention based hotel that caters to groups. There were always long lines at check in and some dude in the lobby tried to sell us a timeshare when we asked for a map. The thing that really left a bad taste in our mouth was after checking out we left our bags with the bellman as we had a late flight. The charge to hold the items was $3.50 per piece. (This was on top of the tip to the bellman for taking the bags) Maybe this is just a New York thing but we did not appreciate it. All in all we got what we paid for.	
Feb 11 2009 	BEST BANG FOR THE BUCK!	This hotel had everything we wanted in a New York City hotel. It was clean, had comfortable beds, had good service, and was reasonably priced! One of the BEST things about this hotel was its fabulous location: 5 minute walk to Central Park, 5 minute walk to Times Square, and 5 minute walk to Rockefeller Center. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Feb 10 2009 	Great Location Poor Service	Pros- GREAT location, just minutes from Times Square- MODERN rooms and decor- FAST Internet, even though it costs $14-18Cons- POOR service from Front Desk. For example, the staff was done with a customer, and I walked into the &quot;empty&quot; spot, but the staff just kept tapping on her computer for 2 minutes or more, and just didn't look at me or tell me to go to another counter. The general attitude of the check in staff was just get the job done and not exactly welcoming and hospitable. - RIDICULOUS bag storage fee of $3.5 per item - it should be free, or just too expensive- MINOR room decor scratches, blemishes- SLOW Check-in process, with 1200+ rooms and only 4 check-in staff, check-in can be a slow processGenerally, I would recommend this hotel base on location, but not on service.	
Feb 3 2009 	excellent stay in business hotel	this hotel is very centrally located in NYC the staff are very friendly and the view from the room at night is amazing it is primarily a business hotel so we did feel a bit out of place as a family with our cameras and tourist guides but it was nice to have wireless, connecting rooms, excellent room service menu and lovely bath I would stay here again even if it is a bit expensive it is worth it	
Feb 3 2009 	Nice location close to Central Park	Stayed for two nights for a conference close to hotel. Nicely located a short walk about 4 blocks south of Central Park (obvious from a map but north-south blocks much shorter than east-west). The main asset is the location, it is otherwise a large hotel, appears to be well-run. The lobby and rooms match the impression one receives from the exterior of the hotel, that it is a bit dated but functional.Would recommend if like me you are staying for a conference at a conference rate.ps - note that the charges for hotel internet seemed high, roughly $16 for &quot;medium&quot; speed and $19 for &quot;high&quot; speed.	
Feb 3 2009 	Very good hotel	This is a good hotel, it's big, comfortable, with modern amenities, and professional, and has a full range of services eg there is a little box office selling theatre tickets there. Staff are friendly, rooms are comfortable. Good location as well.The rooms are not all the same size though. The rooms with queen or king size beds are smaller than those with two double beds, so you're better off getting a room with two double beds if you are travelling with others,or if you are claustrophobic. This Hilton has good restaurants downstairs and a Starbucks! You get a nice feeling about it when you first walk in.	
Jan 31 2009	Good central location	Have stayed at this hotel 3 times within the last year. The main reason for this was the location, and to earn more air miles! Not very far at all from 5th Avenue, Central Park or Times Sqare.We went for a few days shopping. Clean rooms, good size. The Deluxe rooms seem to have been newly renovated unlike the Executive rooms. However, esentially there is not much difference between them.Can be busy as it is also a conference hotel, we found it worthwhile booking into an Exectutive room to get the continental breakfast inc. Nice breakfast, with nice lounge to sit in. Able to help youself to a buffet of fresh fruit, bagels, cerreal, coffee and juice etc.Is quite pricey, but you know what you're getting which is why I've stayed there 3 times.	
Jan 25 2009 	Great hotel!	We stayed in the hotel for one night, and then moved to the Club floor as we were attending a timeshare meeting Friday morning. Everyone at the hotel was kind and professional. It's in a great location, and within walking distance to most things. The amenities were terrific. My husband commented that the rooms were very quiet.	
Jan 23 2009 	Big Hotel	I stayed in the Hilton New York, during the first week of January while on a business trip. The Hotel is located near Central Park and in walking distance to most of the &quot;tourist&quot; attractions but a cab ride from the business area of Wall Street; however, there is a lot of business on the Avenue of Americas.Hotel is very big and can create problems when checking in. Room was small, but expected for NY, however, it was clean and well furnished. The bathroom was small and cramped, with the shower taking most of the room. Breakfast was manic due to the large number of guests and was a matter of a refuel stop and not a relaxing start for the day. Selection was very good though, but as with most things in NY the price was high, particular with the $/£ exchange rate.Concierge was great for recommending places to eat, and we had three good evening meals on recommendation.The gym is good and well equipped, as previously stated in another review entry is charged. However, if you have a Silver HH membership or above you get in free.Overall experience was good, but that expected from big hotel with respect to service and attention. Rate was reasonable for city hotel of approx $250/night; they also did a good deal on the late check out.Would stay there again, but really prefer smaller hotels?	
Jan 9 2009 	also called Hilton New York	I was attending a course at this hotel and was skeptical about my stay given reviews on this site. I was pleasantly surprised and wanted to mention it.My check in was prompt and pleasant. (Frankly, all dealings with the front desk personnel were pleasant including cashing large bills). My room was clean and comfortable. It was quiet with virtually no noise from outside or neighboring rooms.The wait for the elevators was not lengthy (longer waits at the Benjamin and Wynn in Las Vegas). The servers at the course I attended were most helpful and gracious as was the cleaning staff (for our room). The concierge was also very helpful with directions and recommendations for restaurants.	
Jan 9 2009 	Great location and good size modern rooms for NYC!	This Midtown hotel, as everyone agrees, has a fantastic location! The rooms are large by NYC standards. The decor is modern and the hotel is in very good shape. I was there for a convention and the facilities were good. Check in was a madhouse! The gym is small, unimpressive and $15/day which is so not worth it. The main restaurant has a nice breakfast buffet for $28 which is not horribly overpriced for a horribly overpriced city. The lobby is very dark and chaotic. If you are a tourist, you can ask for no better location. The service is also pretty decent	
Jan 9 2009 	A History of Hospitality	Hilton New York is huge but runs smoothly. I stayed in January when temps were in the 30s. The hotel heating system made the air nosebleed dry. Other than that I think the hotel is well run and in good shape. I had a conference rate for the room and was bumped up to the concierge level because my booked room was not ready when I arrived. The continental breakfast is carb rich and protein poor - eggs or yogurt would be a nice touch. Both restaurants and both bars are good; Etrusca is particularly good. All the facilities are very expensive, like the rest of NYC. One surprise was that use of the fitness room was an extra charge. It is well outfitted, so I paid the price. During previous stays at big city Marriotts the fitness centers, which were more commodious, were included with the price of the room. Something to consider Conrad...	
Jan 6 2009 	Delivers on modest expectations	First, understand that hotel rooms in NYC are routinely a terrible value vs nearly all other locales. Second, don't stop looking for a better price until you've exhausted all avenues. Trying to book 3 nights between Christmas and New Year's on less than a week's notice, I found nothing but $450-$550/nt anywhere near midtown Manhattan. Just when I was ready to give up I tried NYC.com and found the Hilton New York for $329/nt for Executive Double on upper floor with free breakfast. Being the busiest week of the year, the main lobby was packed but the Executive floors have separate registration area and breakfast....that alone was worth it. Parking was $48/day, about norm for that area. Location was perfect for walking to Rockefeller Center, Times Square, 5th Ave, Central Park, etc. Maid service was good and room was generally nice. Dishes laying in hallway were no surprise given the crowds...again, know what to expect and remember you're there for the city sights, not for the nice hotels. If you're looking for a better experience, try The Muse, The Library, or the other boutique hotels nearby...all very nice if you've got only 2 people or a small family. If you have family of 4, you're stuck with one of the bigger chains.	
Jan 5 2009 	When a hotel can't handle volume	Manhattan has such good public transportation (trains, buses) and is so walkable that it is not necessary to stay in midtown to visit the midtown/tourist areas. You will get more of the feel of the city that never sleeps and if you are not used to speed, you'll marvel at how quickly you can travel to different neighborhoods.But, there are times, whether for conventions or group trips, when this Hilton will tempt you with a very good rate. And the location is two short blocks from the N and R subway, which will take you to the heart of Soho, on Prince Street in about 10 minutes. BUT, this is a hotel that is not designed for full capacity - the design can't handle the crowds. You quickly begin to fight to get into an elevator and wait 20 minutes to get into an elevator to descend to the first floor. It's hit or miss for housekeeping - for our stay, the bathroom didn't have cups, the maid forgot to give us towels, the pellegrino bottle in the mini-bar was curiously filled with flat, tap-tasting water, the coffee that emerged from the coffeemaker tasted awful, and the previous guest left a bandaid dangling from the inside of the sink that remained there for three days. Skip the executive lounge and walk west on 53rd to several nice restaurants - unless, you like waiting in line for a continental breakfast that was substandard compared to other Hilton hotels.The hotel restaurant is pleasant but the prices are ridiculous - especially when you can eat well and inexpensively at coffee shops and restaurants nearby.Even more troubling was the air quality in the building. Years ago, the windows could open, which probably enabled the building to 'breathe' - but it's all sealed now. Many of us felt headachey and slept poorly.If you don't have to stay in this Hilton - for a tour or business - please try another hotel - consider the East Side hotels, even the hotels a bit north in the 70s on Broadway. You'll have a better experience in NYC.	
Jan 5 2009 	Fantastic hotel - can't wait to go back!	The Hilton has mixed reviews so when we arrived on the 28th December i was worried what to expect - but we were delighted with the hotel and cannot wait to go back! We had an Executive Level room booked and we arrived 2 hours before check in. We went up to the Executive Level Lounge and we were really impressed. It is a lovely open space, with hot drinks and cookies on hand, After about 30 minutes we were told that our room was ready and a porter arrived to take our bags through to our room. The room was gorgeous, newly decorated, 2 amazing comfy beds with lots of pillows, TV, huge wardrobe, lovely bathroom with walk in shower, a tea &amp; coffee point, bottled water and lovey views across the city - really perfect and worth ever penny. Nothing was too much trouble - we requested more hangers and another bathrobe (as there was 3 of us) and these were brought up in no more than 10 minutes with extra bottled water.The staff are always really helpful and polite - always greating you good morning or happy holidays when you pass them in the hall. The Executive Level rooms provides access to the lounge where breakfast and evening appetiziers were fantastic. On the first 2 days of our stay we had to wait abut 5 - 8 minutes to be seated, however on the days after this we either immediately got a tabel or had to wait no more than 2 or 3 minutes. If you are in a hurry and do not want to wait, the staff will let you go in and collect food and take it back to your room - a really good option if you are pushed for time. The selection of food is great - huge fresh fruit platters, pastries, bagles, spreads, cereals, juice etc. The evening buffet is fruit platters, a big cheese and cracker board, hot food such a spring rolls, chicken wings etc, as well as a vegetable and salad selection. Both buffets are regularly topped up and food is really fresh - no complaints and it is really worth paying the extra for the executive lounge. The lifts are busy and on peak days such a New Years Eve and New Years Day we did have to wait about 10 minutes - but the staff we quick to react and often took us down to the lobby on teh service lifts so we never waited too long. Other than that we had no problems.The location is amazing - so close to 5th Avenue and all the amazing shops, Radio City, Rockafella, Times Square, Central Park and Grand Central station - every where else was in very short walking distance. The hotel food is expensive - btu you will nto be short of choice as there are many restaurants in the local area and a starbucks is also on site. I would highly recommend this hotel, it does not get the credit it deserves. We cannot wait to go back - great hotel, great location.	
Jan 4 2009 	Also called Hilton New York	I was attending a course at this hotel and was skeptical about my stay given reviews on this site. I was pleasantly surprised and wanted to mention it.My check in was prompt and pleasant. (Frankly, all dealings with the front desk personnel were pleasant including cashing large bills). My room was clean and comfortable. It was quiet with virtually no noise from outside or neighboring rooms.The wait for the elevators was not lengthy (longer waits at the Benjamin and Wynn in Las Vegas). The servers at the course I attended were most helpful and gracious as was the cleaning staff (for our room). The concierge was also very helpful with directions and recommendations for restaurants.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Location BUT!	Spent a week at hotel over Christmas holidays in Exec level room. First, the good news -- hotel is well located if you are interested in shopping, theatre, restaurants, and seeing city sites. While it does show its 50 year age, it is generally clean and well maintained. Our room was not large, but certainly ample. Best of all, the staff for a large Hilton Hotel were amazing -- very service oriented in a high occupancy, high turnover hotel with lots of families. Having said the positives, I must add that the hotel had the worst elevator service of any hotel that I've ever experienced and the lounge at breakfast was a zoo -- 25-30 minute waits to get in and then to find little food in what could have been a very nice, although certainly undersized, room. As at many larger hotels, the breakfast lines in the hotel restaurants were equally daunting.	
Jan 3 2009 	Location! Location!	Spent three nights at the Hilton recently. The location is absolutely the best - especially for the Christmas season, i.e. Rockefeller Plaza, Radio City Music Hall, Time Square, etc. We walked everywhere in a matter of minutes. We did not get the room requested and they said they were full and couldn't do anything about it but it ended up to be okay for our needs. It was small and the bathroom was very tiny but did have tub and shower. We didn't spend much time in the room anyway so the size was not really a problem. Housekeeping services were just fine. I can't comment on the price of rooms as the trip was a Christmas gift to me and I did not make the arrangements . Elevators were an issue going down in the morning - very very busy - try going up first! We also thought the $3.50 charge per bag for storage was excessive, and had never come across this extra charge at hotels in the past. We would definitely stay here again mainly because of the location.	
Dec 29 2008 	Executive level is a JOKE	Executive level at this Hilton is a cruel joke. Continental brekfast and evening appetiziers are allowable. However, the lounge is totally overcrowded and long lines of people waiting for the self-service buffet which was usually depleted by the first in line and then a long wait for a table, if even possible. There is one computer for the lounge where you sign in for use, yet kids had learned to play a game of each one in the family listing his/her name so that the computer was tied up by the same family for 1-2 hours. Elevators were overcrowded, even for NY, and I waited as much as 20 minutes for one. Robes were supposed to be provided in the executive rooms, but were not. Outlet in bathroom did not work. Thermostat was non-responsive. Basic off/on was all that functioned. There no laundry bags available in the rooms. Sound-proofing between the rooms was no the best. I was repeatedly awaken by children in the next room.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great Location	Myself and two friends stayed at the Hilton, just off 5th Ave, we booked ourselves to stay at the executive section of the hotel and we were glad we did, our room was ok, large for NY standards, clean etc, 44th floor. We were able to go to the executive lounge for breakfast and refreshments all day, muffins, cookies and lovely hot chocolate. All in all the hotel was great and well centred, approx 5 mins walk from 5th Ave and 10 from Times Square.	
Dec 27 2008 	Awesome stay	I have stayed at this hotel twice now. I have been extremely pleased with the service, the comfort of the rooms and especially the location. The hotel was very accommodating for all of our needs. We checked in quickly, our room was very spacious with a stocked refrigerator, the beds were comfortable, and the room was very clean. The staff was very prompt with any needs that we had. We had to extend our stay, due to bad weather, and the reception desk was very helpful.There are a couple of restaurants on site and a couple of bars/lounges. We didn't eat at the restaurants, the prices were a little high, so for breakfast, we exited the front of the hotel and headed to the left down to a great diner called Astro Diner, which is about a block away. This is a great breakfast with reasonable prices. Much more reasonable than the hotel. There is a Starbucks coffee attached to the hotel, in the back, which was very convenient. There's also a parking garage, which was reasonably priced. The best part of all is that the location is prime. It is a couple of blocks away from Radio City, Rockefeller Center, 5th Avenue is just a block away and Grand Central Station &amp; Times Square are just a few blocks away. You can't beat the location!	
Dec 24 2008	Nice locationbut staff have sticky fingers.	My husband and I visited NYC for 3 nights and 4 days as part of a tour sponsored by AAA, so we were part of a group. The room was small with two double beds, but I am assuming that it is a typical room for NYC. The only problem we had was that someone (I am assuming the maid) took my CD holder with several CD's inside. I was surprised that they did not take the CD player, but it was not a very expensive one. I was hoping that for such a nice hotel that the workers might have more character,but the reality is you just never know. I am glad that I did not bring my lap top as that probably would have been taken also.Good location close to Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall.	
Dec 22 2008 	Disappointing	From the minute we walked in the door it felt like a cattle-call. The hotel is located VERY well for seeing main sites of Midtown, but there was absolutely NO personal touch to our stay. The light fixture in our bathroom was completely broken and missing the cover, and the lobby just felt large and impersonal. As we were trying to store our luggage for our day of check-out we waited in line for 30 minutes only to be told that storage room was full so we needed to go downstairs and wait in another line while they opened another room. On a positive note, we did room service one night and the food was fantastic. The rooms are typical Manhattan hotel rooms - small but well appointed. As a frequent traveler to NYC for work and play I recommend finding one of the many boutique or smaller hotels and enjoying the personal touches they may offer.	
Dec 19 2008	Hilton hits the spot	I stayed here for 5 nights back in August. Had a room on the 33rd floor reserved for HHonors members. This hotel is huge but the view was fantastic down Avenue of the Americas. Good facilities and great location in mid town, very easy to get around Manhattan. Beds were comfortable. Great value as I had a special rate but not sure it's worth the $300+ rack rate.	
Dec 15 2008 	Top-notch hotel in Manhattan	I stay at this hotel every December for 2 nights for an annual scientific conference, and the quality of this hotel is as good as ever. On this trip, my room (on the 33rd floor, reserved for Hilton Honors members) was clean, modern, very comfortable and quiet, with a huge walk-in shower with a large and powerful shower head. I ordered room service one night and it was prompt, hot and tasty. The only drawback of the visit -- EXPENSIVE! Hoo boy, was it ever. Other than that, there is nothing better than December in New York City!	
Dec 15 2008 	No value for money	I stayed 4 nights in New York, 2 in this Hilton and 2 in a small scale Best Western Inn Seaport Inn. In Hilton I paid over 400 $ a night. Breakfast not included. In the Seaport Inn I paid 199 $, breakfast included.Hilton is a very big, anonymous hotel; you pay a lot of services you don’t use.Positive points: location. On the reception desk they told that Elvis Presley once slept in this hotel. Well, after 30 years it’s time to modernize the hotel.	
Dec 10 2008 	good location nice view comfortable bed	I had a spacious corner room, with 2 queen beds, on the 12th floor, looking southeast. Great view of the Avenue of the Americas and Radio City Music Hall.The beds were comfortable, with a great mattress and soft duvets. The room was very quiet. I liked the Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries, the Cuisinart coffee maker with Lavazza coffee and the flatscreen tv. The water pressure in the shower was great, and the bathroom was spotless. When I checked in, I was told I had been booked in a newly renovated room.The lobby was spacious and modern. I usually like smaller hotels, but this was quite nice for a big hotel. This Hilton is much nicer qualtiy, in the lobby as well as in the rooms, than the Sheraton Manhattan on 7th near 51st.The Front desk was courteous and professional. I liked that the security guard asked guests to show their room keys after sundown- I hadn't seen that done before.The only disappointment was that 2 of the towels in my room had grey stains on them, like shoe polish. For a hotel that is 4 star, this in unacceptable. The towels also looked somewhat crumpled, like they weren't folded immediately after they had been washed, but it made me wonder if they had been changed since the previous guest. They probably had been changed, but I'm a little finicky about my towels and sheets. I ended up just using the handtowels and washcloths, because I didn't feel like waiting for housekeeping, or getting any housekeepers in trouble if the towels are coming from the laundry looking like that. Apart from the staiined/crumpled issue, I would have expected softer towels at this hotel, given the quality of the every other aspect of the stay (nice sheets, etc). I won this hotel for $162 through Priceline, for a Sunday night. I had called the hotel, to see if they could match it for the Friday and Saturday nights, but I was informed the same room would cost $609 plus taxes! It was fine for $162 US through Priceline, but I wouldn't pay more than $350 USD if I had to pay regular prices.	
Dec 8 2008 	Why I would not voluntarily stay here again	This hotel does many small things right, but many big things wrong.First off, I'll start off with the good things. The room was nice, though small. We were booked into a room with a double bed through priceline without our knowledge. They were able to switch us to a room with a queen, but it was &quot;a little smaller.&quot; That's ok, it had a desk and a dresser drawer, and that was fine with us. Through priceline, our rate (before taxes, etc.) was about $150, so we couldn't ask for too much.The location was great for what we wanted to do. Close to central park, subway, etc. Perfectly happy with that.Now, let me tell you why I wouldn't stay here again. First off, the line to check in and to check out was very long. I tried checking out through the TV, but the service was &quot;down&quot;. I tried the zip kiosk, but that didn't work either. I had to stand in line. I had to check in some luggage for them to hold before and after our stay. This line was also long. Also, they charge $3.50 PER ITEM (be it small shopping bag or a huge suitcase) to store luggage. I have never seen this before in my life. Not only did I have to stand forever in line to check in luggage, but I had to pay for this privilege. Of course, part of why they are so slow is that they have to collect payment. Ironic, isn't it? And we had to pay after checkout, in cash, making reimbursement for work (wasn't a work trip THIS TIME luckily) annoying and tricky. What if we didn't have cash? And were running to catch a cab to the airport? This can happen under many circumstances, of course, but the point is we don't need one more of these possible circumstances when so many other hotel options don't make you go through this.All told, I spent at least an hour in line, if not more. Really, I have better things to do.The most annoying thing by far is the internet access. They charge $10/day per computer. Now, not only is this a ridiculous cost (think about it: if two people have two computers for 3 days, that's $60 for internet access, even though you probably only need it for an hour per day). More importantly, it's just a huge pain in the butt to set up. I just want to open my computer and use the internet. If I have a business colleague or friend over for some conversation and he needs to check his email for a moment, does he have to enter his credit card information to do this, while sitting in front of me? It's not so much the cost, it's the incredible inconvenience.A few other things:- no bathtub- &gt;$20 continental breakfast. Is this a joke?Now, let me compare this to my experience at Ramada Eastside just a few weeks earlier, which is also in a good location. I did not stay at the Ramada this time because the Hilton on this particular weekend through priceline was cheaper ($150 vs. $220). Last time, however, the Ramada was $135 (standard rate just by calling them) and the Hilton standard rate is at least $350 or so. This is a no-brainer, as my Ramada experience was better (in an absolute sense, not just relatively) than my Hilton experience:- line for check-in: instant- line for check-out: instant- holding my bags: quick and painless and free- internet: check &quot;yes I accept conditions&quot; and it's free and unlimited instantaneously- room size: same as Hilton, and I had a bathtub, not just shower- room quality: not quite as nice as the Hilton, but certainly comfortable, clean, and reasonably high quality. Fitness room available in both, but didn't check them out.- free local and long distance calls on their landline, which is a cordless phone! Very convenient, although with cell phones the need is not huge for this kind of service.For a business traveler, the Ramada makes infinitely more sense, as it values your TIME. I would only pick the Hilton if room ambience made a huge difference (like maybe for a romantic getaway where you don't really want to leave the room-- though I don't know why you would come to NYC if that's your goal). However, standing in line usually puts a damper on the mood, as did the beeping smoke detector due to low battery in our room at 11:45pm (ok, this could've happened anywhere). For personal travel, the Ramada makes double sense, since you'd be paying half the price (except maybe through a priceline deal). Basically, I would only choose the Hilton if it were actually cheaper, and even then I would have to remember to factor in the hidden costs. If I were paying $350+ for a hotel room here and also all those hidden fees, I'd be really angry. By the way, some might argue that the Hilton gives you a &quot;choice&quot; to avail of those services or not, making it cheaper for some whereas other hotels just factor that into the room cost. Nope. If it weren't for the extra administrative hassles that they have thanks to their payment scheme, their own costs in providing internet service and bag check would be lower. Anyway, no matter what it's completely overpriced. And more importantly, it's just a hassle to pay. I just want it to work.Again, no way would I voluntarily stay here again, even at that price point, unless nothing else were available. The small things were good, but the big things weren't right. Value my time -- charge more if you want, but include everything for that price, please, just like everyone else does.	
Dec 8 2008 	Great Location Average Hotel	The location of this Hotel is very convenient to the Times Square, Rockefeller Center and the subway. The lobby is large and check-in was smooth. The room was very small but well appointed. However, there was little space to put two medium sized suitcases. On the downside, for a four star Hotel with rooms at $389 a night the Hilton was lacking in amenities. They charged an extra $15 for 24 hours of wireless internet in your room and $3.50 per bag to hold your luggage for a couple of hours after check-out. I have stayed at other 4 star hotel chains in major cities that do not nickel and dime you like this. The final insult was when they asked us to leave their lounge because we had a sandwich that we brought in to eat (no outside food alllowed in the Hilton they told us)	
Dec 8 2008 	Perfect Location for Christmastime in New York City	Without repeating too many of the repeated comments in the reviews about this hotel I do want to say this is a perfectly located base for enjoying a Christmastime shopping and sightseeing trip to New York City. The stores along 5th Avenue as well as most of the buildings in Midtown Manhattan go all out with Christmas decorations. You will be at the center of it all with this hotel.As a Hilton Diamond member we had a very nice sized room on the 39th floor. I have stayed in some extremely small rooms in New York City and this was one of the largest “standard” rooms I’ve ever been in, in NYC. Unfortunately I did take a picture of a room but I would estimate it at around 350-400 sq feet. I can’t be sure that they don’t have any 200 sq foot rooms. The Executive Lounge on the 44th floor was huge. Although we did not eat any of the light meals/snacks they server there it was typically very crowded during the morning but a great place to get free coffee/water.We used Hilton points to book this room, and were charged a $750 non-refundable deposit to secure the room. We understood the fee since the hotel was sold out and rooms were going for over $600/night. However at check in the desk person was a little unfamiliar with the deposit situation, and the manager had to come over to explain how we would get our money back. Both were polite. Although there was a large convention going on at the hotel, most services were speedy and phones answered quickly. The only recurring problem was the wait for the elevators. A bank of only three elevators served floors 34-44 and sometimes the wait (especially in the mornings) could be 5+ minutes. On Sunday we actually had to catch an up elevator to get down because all the down elevators were packed. My other complaint was that this hotel did not have any shoe shine on the premises.Otherwise we did not have any problems with the property. The doorman was efficient and taxis were easy to get. The subway is 3 blocks in either direction. You can’t stay much closer to Rockefeller Center, Radio City, and the best stores along 5th Avenue.Although walking along the crème de la crème retailers along 5th Avenue, we did most of our shopping on Broadway in SoHo. As I say in many of my reviews about Business-style Hiltons, Marriotts, etc. don’t expect a lot of personalized assistance as the hotels are simply too big to give that level of service. However I felt that this Hilton did better than similar Hiltons of similar size in other major cities with their overall politeness, staffing levels, and New York “style” quickness.	
Dec 6 2008 	A horrible experience...never coming back	We stayed at the Hilton New York for five nights this month, in December 2008, and regret ever choosing to stay at this miserable hotel. There were more serious problems than there is enough space to recount. I have stayed at many Hilton properties all over the world and across the USA. The Hilton New York is by far the worst Hilton brand hotel that I have ever experienced, and quite possibly the worst hotel that I’ve ever visited in 25 years of international travel. I will mention only a few of the many concerns and disappointments that we experienced.On check-in, we were offered an “upgrade” to a Club room on the 44th floor. The room was so tiny there was no space to walk around the bed. When we complained, we were given a room on the 6th floor that looked out on the lower level roof and straight onto massive air conditioning units.The first evening before going out for dinner, we asked for some clean towels and to have our room freshened up. Nothing had been done by the time we came back at 11pm. I called downstairs, and was bounced back and forth between departments – a consistent problem in this hotel – until finally speaking with the Assistant Director of Housekeeping. He was the only staff member during our entire stay that seemed qualified or showed any concern in the least for our satisfaction. He told me that evening turn down service is “by request only”. I pointed out that we had requested service, but to no avail. He called back later and apologized that no one had serviced the room. He promised us a discount for that night and a better room the next day. This turned out to be a room on the 22nd floor that was more recently renovated and a bit nicer. However, the room still had trash in it from the previous guest, cobwebs in the corners, and no bathtub. Later that night when going to bed, we found strands of hair and some kind of dirt on the sheets.The night before we checked out, we returned to our room at about 11:30pm to find that the keys were not working. We went downstairs, and the front desk clerk said it was our fault the keys didn’t work because we must have kept them near our cell phones. She re-issued the keys, and we went back upstairs. The keys still didn’t work. We went back down to another front desk clerk and learned that we had been locked out because the room charges had exceeded our credit card limit. We usually pay by AMEX and rarely use the other credit card, and we had no idea that the credit limit would be exceeded during our stay. This rather insulting payment concern was quickly resolved by providing my AMEX card, but getting back into our room was a long ordeal involving a very unfriendly hotel security guard. I’ve never in my life experienced anything like it. We were treated like criminal suspects.The next morning when we left, the bellman told us upon picking up our luggage that we needed to pay a $15 charge because we had too many bags. We suspected that this extra “service charge” was going straight into his pocket. Once downstairs, we were again treated very rudely by the same front desk clerk that had accused us of deactivating the keys the night before. Like most of the staff we met in this hotel, she was surly, insolent, and seemed resentful to be in a service position.I could write a book about this hotel, but let’s sum it by saying that we will never again set foot in the Hilton New York.	
Dec 3 2008 	Great hotel Great Location	My wife and I have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel. I had some slight concerns about some areas of the hotel from reading reviews on this sight, but didnt see anything to back them up.Check in was very fast and efficient, we hadnt pre-booked any special upgrades or made any requests so we were really pleased when we got to our room. We had room 3011 so were really high up amongst the other skyscrapers. We must have been given a recently modernised room which was luxurious and had plenty of space for the two of us. The room was cleaned every day promptly, no moans there either.Another problem we had read about was waiting for lifts, we simply didnt experience this even though we were there during thanksgiving. The hotel lobby is very busy but is big enough not to feel cramped and chaotic. We had drinks in the lobby bar one evening which averaged £6 for a pint of lager, I thought this was expensive but later found the whole of New York very expensive!!The location of the hotel is perfect. Times square just 5 mins on foot, same for central park and the Rockerfella center. My wife and I demand high standards from our holidays and we were very pleased with everything, so take it from me, as long as you get one of the newer rooms high up, you will do just fine with this hotel.Now for the other bits....The Empire state building experience wasnt good. We got into the lobby area quicky and all seemed well, then the queues started. There are no warning signs telling you how long it will take to get to the top, so here is the warning. When you start to queue at the top of the escallators before you have even bought tickets it will be nearly 2 HOURS, you are just led around queueing area after cleverly diguised queueing area! They allowed too many people to get to the top, meaning it was crowded when we got up there and you had to jostle for a position. All in all I would go for the top of the rock next time and miss this one.Show tickets....Another lengthy queue 1.5 hours in Times square got us to the front of the ticket line where it is a bit of a lottery as to what will be available that night. Be prepared for tickets prices of around $160 dollars (2 people) for the likes of Chicago, even with 40% taken off!! These queues form quickly so get there on time. For an evening show you need to be there at around 1500.On the whole NY is fantastic, eating and drinking is VERY expensive (not the case for Starbucks) but it's a city that has to be seen to be believed. I would strongly recomend the hotel and also to fly with Virgin and go Premium Economy class, its worth every penny, separate review on this sight if you are interested.	
Dec 1 2008	Excellent location for museum visits and Times Square	My husband and I stayed here 2 nights as a get-away-from-family NYC visit after Thanksgiving. We booked on Priceline for 179.00/night. We were VERY pleased with this hotel at this price. We wanted to see the Van Gough exhibit at MOMA...2 blocks away...we wanted to see the Rockettes at Radio City Music Hall...2 blocks away...Times Square is an easy walk and the Empire State Bldg and Macy's is a bit further but not bad at all. We also walked up to the Frick museum and the Whitney.The room was adequate in size for the 2 of us, but a family would be very cramped. The decor was nice, the room was clean. Above average overall, but not luxurious.There are 2 large lounges (bars) in the lobby and a couple of choices for food. We had a couple of drinks in the main lounge and found service to be just OK. We ordered room service one afternoon - a cheese and fruit tray- and the service and food were very good. We also ordered up a late night pizza, which was also quite good. This may not be the most personable hotel (although the front desk staff were extremely pleasant and friendly) as it is a very large chain hotel, but it was more-than-OK for us.There are several small stores, deli's , and places to eat nearby.	
Dec 1 2008 	Average stay for Hilton New York	Even though I had requested a king bed and higher-floor park-facing view in advance, they were only able to provide the latter and a queen bed; otherwise, it was a fairly straightforward check-in. Chambermaids had used towels, bedsheets and glassware strewn in hallway when we arrived. Gum was stuck on bathroom tile. Pluses: Crabtree Evelyn toiletries, bottled water and quiet sleep.	
Nov 26 2008 	Wonderful!	My fiancé surprised me with another trip to NYC for 3 nights at the Hilton NY. We have absolutely no complaints about this hotel! We can't believe how BIG and how BUSY this place was!! Check-in was super fast for such a huge place! We landed at JFK at 11.05am NY time and check-in at the hotel is from 3pm onwards. So my fiancé sent an email to the hotel prior to the trip requesting an early check-in – which we got. It took us no more than 5 mins to check – in when we arrived. We found the staff at the front desk to be very helpful and friendly throughout our stay.House keeping were also very friendly – we would leave 3-4 dollar tip every morning with a little note saying 'thank you!'. Our room would be spotless when getting back to the hotel.We had a very comfy King size bed Deluxe room which also had a very comfy sofa in the corner by the window. The room was very spacious with a good size bathroom – shower was a walk in one and it was heaven to shower in! The view wasn't fantastic but who cares – we were out and about in NYC!!!We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as we're not big fans of hotel food. And we think the food is quite expensive for what it is. So we ate out every morning for breakfast! There are PLENTY of places to go to for breakfast that are literally 5 min walk from the hotel. The portions are enormous and will keep you full until dinner time! Girls – don't worry about how much you eat when you're in NY. You'll do SO much walking that you'll burn loads of calories!! The Hilton is in a GREAT location! Times Square, Rockefella Centre, 5th Avenue, Central Park etc. are all in close walking distance. Subways close by too. We both bought a 7 day metro card. It's cheaper and easier than buying a ticket everyday. For people who are going to NYC for the first time – you'll get the BEST EVER views of the city from the Top of the Rock Observation Deck at the Rockefella Centre rather than the Empire State building. And make it a big must to go see the city at night from the top of the Rockefella Centre. One word 'BREATHTAKING'!Central Park goes on forever! It's a never ending park and another world. It's beautiful. If you want to get some serious shopping done then we suggest you go to Woodbury Common in New Jersey. It's fantastic and at discount prices. Shops there are: Timberland, Ugg, Guess, Dior, Chanel, CK for women, CK for men, Juicy Couture, Lacoste, Banana Republic, G-Star, Tommy Hilfiger etc. You can catch a coach from NY Port Authority which is about a 15 min walk from the hotel (probably less than that as I'm a slow walker!). Coach tickets are 40 dollars each – this includes return tickets and a big book of discount vouchers to use when you arrive at the outlet. The shops open at 10am so we caught the 8.30am coach. The journey to the outlet takes 45mins and same coming back (if you catch a coach after midday then the journey would probably be longer as NY traffic get VERY busy). You can have a look for yourself if you google 'Woodbury Common, New Jersey'. One thing we do suggest….is that you get there early as it gets very busy. FYI most shops in NYC open at 10am Monday – Friday. Some shops open on Sunday at 12.Girls – you have to 'pop' into Tiffany's. My fiancé took me to Tiffany's on Wall St on our first trip to NYC (we stayed at the Hilton Millennium on first trip which is in the Financial District) to get my engagement ring and he took me there again this second trip to get our wedding bands. The place is amazing. You'll fall in love with their jewelry selection. One last thing to leave you with and that is ……. Be prepared for a lot of walking and make sure you pack comfy flat shoes!! But even in flat shoes your feet will be in pieces at the end of your trip! And wear layers not big heavy jumpers. You'll get warm quickly with all the walking. New York City is mind blowing and we can't wait to go again!!!! Please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.	
Nov 25 2008 	Good hotel expect to pay for it	Recently I spent two nights at the Hilton. Total cost was about $900, not including any meals. The location is great. Rockefeller Center is right nearby, with lots of things in walking distance. They only keep the 6th Avenue entrance open (6th Ave is also called Avenue of The Americas). All of the side doors are locked. So you could be at the hotel, but still have a full block to walk around the corner.Check in was quick. The room was average sized and very clean. The bed was very comfortable. I also liked the night lighting that gets activated along the floor as you walk by. The TV is a 26-inch LCD. Down pillows are standard. I called the front desk for firmer pillows.To my surprise, the shower pressure was good. Space is limited. When using the toilet, your legs will be brushing against the bath towels on the rack. Toiletries were Crabtree &amp; Evelyn.On my first night there were some kids two doors down. All I could hear was constant shrieking and laughing. At 11 PM I called the front desk. I was ready to pound on their door but decided to let the hotel handle it, which they did. Just remember that you can still have noise even at the nicer hotels.	
Nov 21 2008 	Great Location	I live nearby and had rarely before stayed at a NYC hotel before so I didn't have much to compare it to. My girlfriend and I went on Priceline.com to find a midtown hotel at a reasonable rate. The hotel that we &quot;won&quot; was this Hilton Hotel. It was a Sunday night stay for 1 night so that is probably why we were able to get this room for $125 plus tax.We stayed in a standard room on the 18th Fl. overlooking 54th St and the Ziegfeld theater. The room had a king bed, desk, honor bar, chair, and in-room safe, as well as a nice TV which we used a lot.Check-in was very quick and efficient.The lobby doesn't have high ceilings so it's nothing like a big atrium hotel.On the 1st Fl is a Starbucks and some other stores to buy food at as well as a bar and restaurant off the lobby which we didn't use.The health club is pretty large and has many cardio machines and looked very clean though we didn't use it.The Hilton Club is actually the vacation ownership part of the property and there are salespeople on the 1st floor who would love to give you a tour (probably high-pressure sales) of the facility. We took a pass on that option.As others have said the location is excellent. It's a short walk to Rockefeller Center, Central Park and Times Square.	
Nov 18 2008	Great location busy hotel small rooms	We booked our hotel through my husband's work account and we got a rate of $299 per night. Not bad for New York. This is a huge hotel with a grand lobby. Since we are Hilton Diamond members then we also got free breakfast for all three days there. The hotel room was rather small with only one nightstand by the bed and one sink in the bathroom which was tiny. We were on the 39th floor with a view of other buildings in the area. We also picked the room with nicer linens for the same price. Not sure that I noticed a difference but we thought that we would give it a shot. Great location next to shopping on Madison and 5th Ave. Also 10 blocks or so away from Times Square. The continental breakfast was fine, nothing special. It consisted of cold cereal, danishes, bagels, croissants, fruit, coffee, tea, milk, OJ and grapefruit juice. I would stay here again. I've definitely paid more money and gotten less for a hotel in NYC.	
Nov 14 2008	Business trip? You will NOT be able to work in the rooms.	Quite simply the network in this hotel is unusable - both wired and wireless. You can connect but never send/receive because of the low capacity and heavy usage. Did not work a single night during my 4-night stay and I was paying $400/night. Complaints are only worked if the network is down or if a specific wired room is not operating. Otherwise you are left with an $18.99/night bill for no service.	
Nov 9 2008	Happy with my priceline "pick"	Having stayed there a few years ago, I knew what to expect, and I was pleasantly surprised. I found the staff to be accomodating and professional. The room was fine, Hilton Beds are great. It gets worn quickly, as it is one of the best located hotels with a very high occupancy. Seems to me at its age, it will be an ongoing rehab. Safe, clean and comfortable.	
Nov 8 2008 	Dirty Sheets Light Amenities and Showers--Oh My!	I stayed at the Hilton because of a conference I was attending was held there.The room itself was nice--nice bed, tv, and bathroom.However, after a long day of traveling, I unfolded the sheets to crawl into bed but found six hairs in the sheets! Tired and cranky, I called customer service to ask for someone to come change the sheets for me. It took a while for someone to get there and once she did, she had the wrong sheets. They told her it was for the sofa bed--completely wrong. She was very apologetic and sweet and ran to get the correct size. It took her almost 10 minutes to get the right ones and come back. Another complaint was a dirty towel I found in the bathroom that was hung up. Looked like someone had a dirty finger and just wiped it prior to my visit. Also, there was an unattractive white stain on the brown sofa bed.BTW, strange enough, the bathroom had only a shower. I had a friend staying there at the same time that had bathtub so if you're a soaker, be sure to check you have a tub.Amenities were light--gym was $12 a day and internet access started at $14 and ran to $19/day. For $500, you'd think both of these would be complimentary!	
Nov 4 2008 	Cant wait to go back	This is the first time we had stayed at a Hilton, we were expecting high standards and we were not dissapointed . We had an &quot;executive room&quot; on the 34th floor, it was a very good size and the beds were REALLY COMFORTABLE, the same could besaid for the pillows, way above average. We had our breakfast - included in the room rate - in the 44th floor lounge, its a pretty standard continental breakfast, wont set the world on fire but filling and plenty of it. One tip here though is GET THERE EARLY we used to be there by about 7 and when we left there was always a long queue to get in as the capacity of the room is 99 persons and any more is illegal as the sign clearly points out!!!.There is also free internet access in the lounge, you can either use your own laptop or the provided pc. Although it is shared with a lot of guests it works well as you just book a 15 minute slot, we never had any problems using it. The loung also provides free tea and coffe throughout the day upto 2245 and hors d'oevres at 5 pm, again the secret here is get there early.I had read several rather negative reports on trip advisor about this hotel and I was a little apprehensive especially as it was part of a birthday treat for wife and daughter, but everything was fine To give an example one evening the bathwater was very slow to run away, i rang the reception and they were going to send up a plumber straight away !!! now that is what I call service.There are two nearby subway stations, one by the Sheraton and one by the Radio City music hall, which is the one we used mainlhy as more lines go through it, both of them are less than a couple of hundred yards from the entrance.One thing though which shouldnt happen is the Hilton's policy of charging 3 dollars 50 cents per bag if you leave it at the hotel after you have checked out and before you actually leave for the airport. In all the hotels I have ever stayed in no one has ever charged for this. I did object to the charge, pointing out I had paid a lot of money to stay in their hotel and didnt expect to pay for something which should be provided free. the charge was waived, so do query it and tell them how unacceptable it is. The lady in front of us collecting her bags was charged 21 dollars which does seem a rip off. This is a good hotel, in a great location in a truly world class destination, as they say NewYork NewYork its a wonderful town, and we were really really sorry to have to leave, Certtainly stay here again	
Nov 3 2008 	Great hotel for location lousy for service	I'd stayed at this hotel before so knew the location was perfect- 5 blocks from Central Park, 10 from Times Square and only one block across from Fifth Avenue. However the service this time was beyond a joke - right from the check-in when the woman behind the desk argued my rate wasn't inclusive of tax until I showed her my copy of the bill (thank goodness I had it with me).During our stay the front staff, concierge and theatre desk were all helpful but not friendly. The beds at this place are the most comfortable I've ever slept in and the room we had was quiet and very nicely set out and fresh/new - we had a problem with no hot water one morning (hotel wide) but the people I rang seemed less than bothered - having paid over $3,000 for a week - I wasn't best pleased.Final straw was them attemtping to charge $14 to leave our bags with them for 3 hours after checking out. The guy on the luggage desk was the rudest we'd confronted and dropped my heavy suitcase into my hand rather than lift the bar and pass it through. We refused to pay as the sign clearly said $3.50 daily charge and I assumed this was for people leaving luggage for a few days whilst going elsewhere. After trying to struggle to retrieve the suitcase and a bit of a scuffle the guy (still have uttered NOTHING other than &quot;$14&quot;) called security.It was an unpleasant and unnecessary end to the week.However their follow up action - a Director of the Hotel rang me in the UK to apologise for the issues I'd had and for bringing it to their attention via the Guest Survey they emailed - has made me feel they are seriuos about sorting the issues.I would definitely stay again but probably only because it's location is fantastic.	
Nov 2 2008	Nice hotel but pricey	Stayed here with my dad in both of our first trips to NYC. Very clean rooms, helpful concierge, a pretty good location to do touristy stuff (times square, 5th avenue shopping, central park, etc.), and we felt safe walking outside of the hotel at midnight (a big plus in my book). Pretty expensive for what would otherwise be an average hotel, but worth it for the location alone.	
Nov 2 2008 	excellent for familes with kids	I asked for a central park view , although the hotel was very far from the park they did there best to get me one of the rooms with a partial view , I have to mention that I am a hilton honnor gold member one of the rooms did smell as a smoking room , and we asked for connecting rooms but they gave us rooms infront of each other .the hotel is in excellent location one block from moma , 4blocks from central park.,, 5 blocks from time square build a bear workshope is about 6 blocks away , american girl shop is 5 blocks away .the only thing is the lobby is always congested .and if you have very small kids make sure you bring a strollerwe had fun and great time at this hotel and great time in new york	
Nov 2 2008 	Great Location	Just returned from New York having stayed at the Hilton. Good points .. Fantastic location. Walking distance to all the shops you want to visit, subway stops and Empire State Building. We had a room on the 43rd floor which had an amazing view. Breakfast in the Executive Lounge was great every morning. Plenty to eat .. fruit, croissants, bagels, muffins, danishes, yoghurts ... more than enough to keep you going till mid afternoon! Nice room - we had a suite - but thought that the bathroom was of a poor quality for the amount we had payed. There were four of us sharing and it was ridiculously small and tired looking and in need of serious upgrading. Only other complaint was that we were charged for the hotel holding onto our bags for 4 hours before we left for the airport. We had already spent a small fortune on the hotel and I thought it was greedy of the hotel to ask for more money. Would it have hurt them to store our bags for free for a few hours! All in all the Hilton is a good all round hotel in an excellent location.	
Nov 1 2008 	Standard very busy hotel	Stayed at the hilton new york for one week. The hotel is a standard hotel and incredibly busy with just a multitude of people milling about in the lobby. Having said that rooms are comfortable and quiet. The decor is in need of updating and you can be left waiting for a long time for a lift.It is fine to stay here if you get a good rate and want a good base from which to explore New York. Central park is a few blocks away and if you are in a high room, you get some good views of NYC.The staff are all very helpful apart from the receptionist who checked us in.	
Oct 30 2008 	Simply too big..	We stayed 5 nights on Hilton Honors - so it was free.We arrived in unseasonably warm weather and found that the aircon only blew out hot air! Called reception to be told that the aircon system is controlled centrally and that nothing could be done apart from opening the window (not really viable given the traffic noise, which was (as you would expect in NY) significant. It took 4 requests for a fan to be delivered, which was disappointing, as was the need to use one at all in a hotel which should offer year round aircon.Other disappointment was the cocktail bar being closed at 9pm on a Sunday evening and the only place one could get a drink was the &quot;lobby lounge&quot; - much of which seemed to be taken up by families drinking soft drinks which had been bought outside.My wife had decided to do a &quot;Sarah Jessica Parker&quot; and have a mojito but we were told that they couldn't do this as they had no mint - again not what you would expect in a top hotel.We used the Hilton Honors breakfast which was fine although there was some queuing.Everyone was as friendly as they could be in a hotel of this size. The room was fine. We asked for a late checkout and they comped us until 2pm and charged us $25 per hour afterwards which I thought was generous for a Ny hotel. So a few moans, but the place was more than OK.,	
Oct 27 2008 	It is a Hilton in every way	Great place if you know what a Hilton is like. It has clean nice rooms, still for the price you pay I think you can find better places; its service is not personal at all.Breakfast is really good, a nice buffet with an excellent variety.Rooms are average for an american hotel.	
Oct 25 2008 	Good Property but Expensive	BIG, full service hotel. Rooms were nice and decent size, especially by NYC standards (note - I was in the HIlton Honors floor, so my room may not be typical). Decent location, near Radio City Music Hall and Rockefeller Center, only a couple of blocks from a subway station and near the 5th Avenue stores. However, in a business area, not a neighborhood, so that means fewer restaurants, bars, useful shops immediately nearby.Has an excellent fitness room.If you have business nearby, are attending an event at the hotel or need a full service hotel, this is a good choice, especially if you are a Hilton Honors loyalist. However, better hotel values and locations exist for those that merely want a clean, comfortable place to sleep.	
Oct 24 2008 	Dont waste your money!	I am a Hilton Diamond card holder and as such I stay at Hilton hotels frequently throughout the year both on business and pleasure and I am in no doubt that this establishment is the WORSE for customer service - none, tiny rooms -I booked an executive room on the 41st floor - great view that was it, poor housekeeping - room not cleaned to a high standard, the Exec Lounge was a joke - cramped, tables not cleaned, food quality poor and the Breakfast offer was so mean we didnt use it after the second night. On top of all this they charge you to leave your bags which cost me $18 for two hours despite spending nearly $2500. For all those Hilton Honor Members I was not offered a room upgrade (despite complaining about wafer thin walls and the noise from my fellow guests keeping me up all night for two nights) or American Breakfast despite my diamond card status. I was fortunate to stay at The Waldorf Towers on my first night in NYC - a complete contrast despite being another Hilton property it was 1000% better!	
Oct 21 2008 	Take me to the Hilton!	Read the other reviews of the Hilton Midtown, and they are true. Yes, there is a crowded lobby and you have to wait in line to check in. Rooms are not available until 3 pm, so your luggage will be stored if you check in earlier than 3 pm. The staff canbe short with you, but they do have to serve alot of customers.The location of this hotel cannot be beat!. I asked for anupper floor above the 31st and was given room 3340 on the 33rd floor. This floor has been completely refurbished andI recommend it highly! I had a terrific king bedroom with a view of Central Park. The air quality in this hotel was outstandingfor a city hotel....no bad odors in the room. I checked in on aFriday afternoon and was tired. Some loud guys down the hall were hanging out and some teenage girls ran up and down the hall. That irritated me. (Hotel staff told me to contact security if any noise was a problem; I did not). The bed was outstanding and the tile bathroom with walk in shower (no tub) and wonderful full force showerhead made me happy. After a brief nap, I went sightseeing and returned around 10 pm. It was quiet, and I slept OK Friday night. I was never told of any buffet breakfast and so I cannot comment on it. My Saturday night stay wasvery pleasant and there was a bridal party on the floor. Ironically,I checked out of the Hilton earlier than expected on Sunday, believing that I could find a better hotel!I moved to the Westin at Times Square, paid $200 more than at the Hilton, and it was not as good room quality, poor air quality, and that crazy Times Square location!!!Next time I am in NYC, I will say &quot;Take me to the Hilton!&quot;	
Oct 20 2008	Fine choice though it's not personal	RECOMMENDED. This large property is in a convenient mid-town location, easy walking to shops, theater, Central Park and various subway stations. Rooms have been tastefully renovated, well illuminated, nice tiled bath areas and amenities and comfortable bedding. However, the lobby is constant chaos, most services over priced (there is absolutely no reason to have any meal in this hotel, too many nearby choices), staff can range from helpful to non-interested, check-in/out is a pain (use the kiosk instead).NYC is notorious for small hotel rooms and impersonal staff and despite the negatives, the Hilton is a fine choice for your visit to the city.	
Oct 19 2008	Functional Business Hotel	I was very pleased with my stay at the Hilton NY. I stayed in one of the upgraded rooms and the room was clean, spacious, and well-appointed. The staff were friendly and the service was efficient.The hotel is extremely large and, thus, lacks some charm. However, for business travelers, the hotel is functional and reliable.	
Oct 18 2008 	Great Location - shame about the staff	Hilton Hotel - Avenue of the Americas. My partner and I have just returned from a five night stay on our first visit to NYC. We booked a king-size deluxe room through expedia which we were told was not available on our arrival. The receptionist had to go and discuss our booking with someone in the back room before offering us a twin room. I asked when our king room would be available and she asked me to go back the next day between 3 and 6 pm, which we did. The twin room was very nice, clean and it had everything we needed but it wasnt what we had paid for. We cut short our first day out to come back to the hotel to change our room only to be told no king room was available and after all we did have a bed each. As we are a same sex couple - this felt very much like homophobia to us. Prove us wrong Hilton!!!!I eventually had to ring expedia and speak to a lovely guy called Lawrence who contacted the reservations manager, Mr Mamood. Lawrence then rang me back and explained the hilton had oversold rooms, how unprofessional of them. But, they held a king room for us on our third day and we got a free breakfast for our trouble, the least they could do I thought. I found the Hilton to be clean, very well decorated, BUT the staff were extremely unfriendly unless they were taking your money ofcourse. I intend to write to the Hilton and ask their policy on same sex couples staying in their hotels and I will not be staying at any of them until I am happy that I am wrong about them.	
Oct 18 2008 	Amazing Birthday Trip	We are just back from a 5 night stay at Hilton New York and i can honestly find no fault . We arrived early just after midday to check in and were seen straight away but a very cheerful member of staff behind the desk. He upgraded our room on seeing it was my birthday, and the room was ready for us.We went to the lifts and were expecting a wait after reading some of the other reviews here but no such problem. In the 5 nights we never once had to wait more then a few minutes fr the lifts.Our room was large and beautifully furnished, It was very clean and the bed was huge and soooo comfortable. The bathroom was also a nice size with plenty of gleaming marble and fresh white towels.We never experianced any noise from the hallways or the rooms around us, and everytime we returned our room had been serviced nothing being missed.in our experiance this hotel is top class, with very friendly helpful staff and in an amazing location. I would definatly stay here again without hesitation	
Oct 18 2008 	Over Rated	The World's slowest check-in was just the start. The bed linen was so worn that there were visible holes in several places. The room was pretty small. The mini bar fridge wasn't working, maintenance brought up a spare fridge and dumped in the middle of the room and did nothing about the mini bar fridge. The Buffet breakfast was the same every day, everything was cold and greasy. Over-cooked bacon, congealed sticky scrambled eggs, no toast, no hot plates (all plate warmers were off every day), under-cooked sausages, stodgy bagels, dreadful coffee and next to no service. A waiter actual came over to our table while we were eating and had a lean and sigh on a chair at our table for several minutes, never offered us any attention or excuse. We tried the fresh cooked omelettes one morning but they were so bland we couldn't eat them. However the location was great, within walking distance to most things.	
Oct 16 2008 	What a disappointment	The only saving grace is its location. This place is rundown, poorly maintained and managed, very high priced, and the service goes beyond rude. The concierge was laughable - they gave us names at restaurants who would &quot;take care of us&quot; - those places couldn't care less. My daugther had room service - eggs benedict &amp; coffee - $51.00. One evening I came out of the elevators and there was this outrageous smell - someone had deficated in the lobby. I stood there for ten minutes before seeing anyone come to clean it up - can you imagine? The continental breakfast was a joke with bagel nazis ordering you around. Thank goodness there were enough foreign nationals working there to get my room cleaned daily. Oh - don't forget they are pushing the &quot;hotel club&quot; (read as timeshare) which is ridiculous. The paper is coming off the walls, the remote for the TV didn;t work and wasn't fixed for four days, the tub drain was broken, and the dumb shlub who brought my van out of the gargage where it was housed for 4 days ($192) stood by the door telling me he had my key as I'm trying to load bags and children on the other side. Sorry Hilton NY - you really botched this.	
Oct 16 2008 	Good	Hilton New York is a huge building in the heart of Manhattan, close to the Times square and Central Park and just near by the Rockefeller center and 5th avenue. So if you’re in New York for shopping and sightseeing, this is a perfect match. The hotel is indeed crowded, but that, I guess, is pretty common for Big Apple. The room was clean and comfortable. I liked the design, and since it was my business trip, I couldn’t wish for more. Breakfast was fine – lots to chose, great choice of fruits. If you are leaving after 12 pm and need to have you luggage stored, mind the 7 dollars you’d have to pay for the service. I would recommend the hotel for a business stay, and would have probably chosen it for my vacation as well.	
Oct 14 2008 	Perfect end to the trip	Stayed here for the last two nights of our 8 night trip to America and cannot rate it highly enough. We arrived a little weary from a few days up in Boston and were able to check in as soon as we arrived (about 2 o'clock) they were able to give us a room with 2 doubles and the room was perfect, more than enough space for all our shopping and our luggage (2 girls on holiday = much &quot;stuff&quot;). We weren't sure where to go for a meal downtown so the concierge desk arranged it all for us and it was amazing!! We found everyone to be more than helpful and the location was fab!! Will definitely be back!!	
Oct 2 2008 	poor service in a great location	Other than the great location and clean rooms it is hard to find a positive with this hotel. We arrived at 11:00 AM and the room was not ready, understandably so. We came back at 2:45 PM and was told again the room was not ready as it was not 3:00 PM. At 3:00 PM, the room was miraculously ready. We stayed at the Executive level and found hard to believe that somehow they finished all rooms at once at 3:00 PM. The rooms are very noisy and one can hear everything from the adjacent rooms. Housekeeping is erratic and the maid got into the room while we were inside more than once without knocking. This is the only hotel I have ever stayed in that charges for using the fitness room, which we found outrageous. In addition to the high room charge (somehow expected for New York), they charge $18.99 for one day wireless Internet, almost double the usual rates elsewhere. They charge for literally everything (I guess they take cue from the airline industry): fitness room, faxes received, per-bag charge at the bell desk (this is a New York custom apparently), Internet etc. We had not used their laundry service. We had a fax sent to us in the morning, the guy at the bell desk said he could not find it, we decided to use the business center to have the stuff printed out (for which we were charged $12), only for a few hours later to be notified we had a fax (for which we were charged again - they waived the charge upon our complaint). Do not pay for the Executive level, it has nothing worth noting, it is always crowded as they do not check eligibility and the food selection is underwhelming at best. In addition, it takes forever for the elevators to arrive as the hotel is very big and therefore crowded. We decided to cut our stay short and leave in the evening instead of the following morning. Despite the fact we had prepaid for that night, they wanted to charge a late check-out fee and it took a while to explain that we had already paid for that night.In summary, great location but very poor service even for New York standards. We've had much better experience in New York at similar hotels for similar price.	
Sep 29 2008 	Service: Beyond awful!	I stayed at the Hilton New York for business. The property is well located and it is clean and stylishly decorated. However, the service is a DISASTER. The entire lobby staff is obscenely rude and condescending, even by New York standards. I've stayed at several similar class hotels in NYC, and nothing compares to how obnoxious the staff is here. Front desk, concierge, and info desk were all awful to deal with. The valet laundry service has the most ridiculous prices I have seen in this hotel class. Not really paying attention to the cost, I paid over $70 to have 5 articles of clothing laundered. The house keeping staff, while relatively thorough in cleaning, pestered me constantly. I kept odd hours, and was often in my room during the day. Even when I told one shift when I wanted my room cleaned, I was bothered again after they changed shifts. I requested that my room be cleaned after a certain time during my entire stay, and this was ignored. Also, the elevator system in this hotel is painfully slow and very irritating. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!	
Sep 28 2008 	Great hotel. Great location.	I was here last year, and it was nice then, but they had since done some remodeling, and so everything has been freshened up. It's a great hotel with a location that can't be beat if you want to go to the Broadway shows or see Times Square.I did have the unfortunate situation of being awoken by a a domestic &quot;incident.&quot; A wife was POUNDING on her hotel room door at 3:00 a.m. to rouse her husband to get him to open the door. He never did answer. Security guards came up and everything. Oh, well. At least I know that the hotel staff is responsive to such things. I never did get back to sleep though. :-(	
Sep 26 2008 	Pricey for an average property	Stayed for three nights here while on business. The location is great but the rooms are loud. You hear everything from the halls. Even while walking through the halls to your room you can hear the tvs from within all of the rooms blaring. Check-in was easy and quick as I'm a Gold Hilton Honors member and checked in at the Platinum and Gold Member desk. Did not receive upgrade to Executive lounge however did receive free bfast every morning. Bfast was the usual - muffins, yogurt, fruit, etc. Concierge desk is busy and there was always a short wait but the staff was friendly and helpful.I'd stay here again, but wouldn't pay the $$$ on my own dime.	
Sep 24 2008 	TERRIBLE - BEWARE!	We had a terrible stay at the Hilton NY.First and foremost, I left a small coin purse in our room with NZ &amp; AU dollars in and it was stolen. I would not have thought a hotel at this price range or reputation would tolerate petty theft. Unfortunately the Hilton, despite their initial assurances, has never ever phoned us back or replied to my email of complaint. Secondly, the price you pay for your room is only the tip of the iceberg. You pay US$18 to use the gym, you pay $1 per minute to use the internet/PC. Daylight robbery - especially when you can use the NY Library internet for free. Don't use their laundry service - it is seriously expensive.The &quot;information&quot; desk didn't give us an ounce of information, he instead tried to get us to look at a condo or something - why he thinks a couple of NZ'ers would be in the market to buy or invest in a NY hotel is really beyond me.I was seriously dissapointed in our stay here, and would never stay there again. Apparently the Warwick across the street is much more reasonable and personable.	
Sep 22 2008 	Hilton New York a great place to stay	Accommodation in New York is seemingly more expensive than other US cities. We decided that if we had to pay a lot more, we would stay in one of the larger brand hotels that we at least knew of. The New York Hilton was the best priced that we could find. We booked it on TripRes.com.We were very pleased with our choice. The rooms are large, comfortable and clean, the staff are friendly and helpful and most importantly, the hotel is very centrally located, only a few blocks from Times Square and Broadway. Lots of good restaurants all around, of varying prices and standards, something for every taste. We were a little surprised to find that the HIlton's own mid range restaurant closes very early, so had to look elsewhere for somewhere to eat after attending a Broadway show.We arrived on a Sunday and the whole road outside of the hotel was closed off for a market, which was a great introduction and lots of good bargains and food offerings.The Hilton will book tickets to Broadway shows for you, and also try and get you into their Timeshare Club with an offer of cheaper tickets, but we found that it was much better and part of the overall experience to go to Times Square and purchase much cheaper Show tickets at TKTS . We did this a couple of times, saw great shows, had good seats and saved lots of money. Although there are lots of people lining up at TKTS, the lines move quickly. Just dont expect to ask any questions about shows or seating. They dont appreciate it. You need to make a choice and have your money ready.Again unlike other US cities, it is cheaper to get a cab to and from the airport rather than a shuttle and dont expect much in the way of help in getting your luggage to and from your room.The only damper on New York is the terrible introduction you get in arriving into Kennedy Airport. We arrived by Delta and that part of the airport at least was aweful - dirty, overcrowded and hustlers everywhere, something we found to be illegal at other American airports.	
Sep 21 2008 	1 bedroom suite at the hilton new york	Stayed one night in a 1 bedroom suite on the 42nd floor. THE ROOM: the suite is pretty nice. Classic decor not extremely contemporary but quite beautiful. The suite is composed of a parlor with a sofabed, tv, desk, minibar and a sink and the bedroom had two queen beds, another tv, drawers and a ample space for bags. The bathroom was a bit of disappointment. Extremely small. The view was great. We could see central park from up there,HOTEL SERVICE: The hotel is very big and therefore very crowded. We arrived by taxi and bellmen were nonetheless promptly on hand to get our bags and escort us to the check in area. Check in was at the regular check in counter not on the executive floor. But we had zero wait time so it didn't matter.On check out since we had a late flight we asked the bellman to store our bag for a couple of ours, which he did. He forgot to mention that there's a 7 dollars fee per bag for storing the luggage, be it for a day or for an hour! It would have been nice if you would have told us that. anyway all the hotels I have been in, including HIltons, can usually store your bags if you check in early or late for free. EXECUTIVE LOUNGE: Staying in a suites gives you access to the lounge. In the evening (5-7 if I recall) they offer some hors d'oevres. I found the selection was pretty good. You can't make a whole meal out of it of course. In the morning you are served free continental breakfast. We did have breakfast and all considered it was satisfactory. The only negative thing is that the lounge is not extremely big and can't hold all guests at once. There was a queue for breakfast, but we waited only 10 minutes so all in all I find that acceptable.Did not dine in the hotel so can't comment on that.All in all I'd rate my stay as good but not over the top.Would probably stay here again cause the location is great and service is good. Not sure if I would book a suite again though.	
Sep 14 2008 	Not a the expected level!	Well, it was a disappointing experience :- breaksfast is poor- hotel room are noisy, due to weak noise insulation. You will notice it when the other room listen to the TV, you can follow the program!- restaurant is expensice and poor- no laundry service during week end- personnel is helfull, room are OK, modern and clean, but overall it was not at the right level for a Hilton at this price.	
Sep 13 2008 	Huge impersonable expensive hotel great location	We stayed at this hotel on a vacation to New York City. The single best thing about this hotel is the location. It is located in a very central area and most convienent. The price of the room was acceptable by New York standards, breakfast was a tad expensive. I did not like that bell service was not offered at check in, and that after checking out, you had to PAY for each bag to have them stored in an empty conference room. For 2 hours? Really unacceptable!	
Sep 12 2008 	good location and nothing else	I just came back from a three days business trip to NY where I stayed at Hilton NY. The hotel is huge, a lot of floors with endless corridors. If you dont want to be reconized this is your place in NY, you are not going to be even noticed...Well, the location is perfect, just in the middle of manhatan midtown but it is the only good thing about Hilton, the rooms are pretty small, even for NY standards, the bathroom is even smaller, the toilet and the sink seems to be almost in the same place, one over the other. Everything inside the room looks old and the smell of tobacco is present everywhere even if you leave the window completely opened (and the noise would be another problem).The breakfast is good, above average but for almost 30 dollars you can get something better.The service and the staff are Ok, they are fast and helpful but you have to pay for everything, it was the first time that I payed to store my bags in a hotel !!I am sure I will not go back there, there are some other good hotels nearby with much better space and quality for the same price.	
Sep 11 2008 	A decent budget alternative in New York City	We stayed on the club level for $100/night at the invitation of the Hilton. Most of the operation is geared towards selling their timeshare property on 57th Street and there's no reason to stay here unless you are planning to attend the sales pitch. I got into a very heated argument with the doorman after I hailed a cab without his assistance. Rather unsettling experience. I would not stay here again.	
Sep 10 2008 	Can't Beat the Location	We stayed at this hotel after attending a wedding in Queens. My boyfriend had never been to NYC so I wanted to show him Manhattan's best. This hotel was the perfect home base for our sightseeing. It's pricey, but worth the location and the property. My room was very clean, though tiny. We had no problems with our stay whatsoever. I also liked that at night, as in many NYC hotels, that they lock all doors except the main lobby doors. You must show your room key and ID to a guard who verifies that you are a hotel guest. For a large hotel, it helps give a sense of security to the guest. This was an easy walk to Central Park, Times Square and 5th Ave. Anywhere else was accessible by subway and all the bellman and valet knew where the subway stations were that would most easily get us on the train we needed.My only complaint was the suggestions of the concierge. I was very specific in what type of restaurant I was looking for, which was a small locally-owned type place with great food and atmosphere. We're in NYC, they're everywhere, but to a tourist maybe not so easy to find. The concierge kept recommending places in Times Square, which consequently I had been to on previous trips to NY. I knew when he said the names that the only criteria they fit was having good food. We ended up finding our own places.	
Sep 9 2008 	Well located between Times Square Rockefeller Center Central Park	We (two adults and two children) stayed in a standard double for three nights in July. If you love New York and want everything the city has to offer, I can't think of a better location. The hotel is within easy walking distance of Times Square theaters, Rockefeller Center, Fifth Avenue stores and Central Park. As others have noted, it is a BIG, BUSY hotel. However, it is fairly up to date. Our room was very close to the elevators, but we heard almost no noise. As someone noted, there are quite a few service people in the hallways. However, this wasn't a problem for us -- made it easier to get extra towels, coffee, etc. Our room was updated with new furniture, lighting, flat screen TV. Couple of notes: Do not book here if you're looking for a super view. The best you're likely to get are Midtown office buildings and taxis below on Sixth Ave. Also, don't bother with the New York Marketplace restaurant on the ground floor. If you're looking for dinner, there are hundreds of eating places within the surrounding blocks. Overall recommendation: If you're coming to New York for the upcoming holidays, this is a perfect pick.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great experience	My daughter had to go to a bachelorette party and a shower the next day in New York City. I went with her and her 2 week old baby. The Hilton was terrific in helping us to settle in with the baby. From check in, the bell hop, the restaurant staff and even the parking , everyone was so helpful and attentive. The room was wonderful and the bed terrific. We got a great rate (for New York City) by prepaying for our room when we made the reservtions. The location was so convenient.	
Sep 8 2008 	Fantastic Location!	Location, Location, Location!!! As other reviewers have said, this Hotel is in the perfect spot along the Avenue of the Americas. We arrived an hour before check in (on a Thursday) and got a room right away. I was pleasantly surprised, we had a corner room and the nicest view I have ever had in NYC. We booked a regular room with 2 beds and that's exactly what we got. Nicely decorated with a flat screen TV. The bathroom was on the small side, but had plenty a room for all of our toiletries, make up etc. The only thing that annoyed me was the toilet, to flush you had to bend down and reach your hand under the sink, it was a strange. But for the $$ it was perfect! We booked through the Hilton website and paid $299 and $259 for a Thurs/Fri stay, worth every penny. We checked into going back @ x-mas time and the price is double so not sure if we will be going back that time, but if the price was the same I would book there every time!My friend and I were in NYC to celebrate our B-days, here are some recommendations...We took the Sex and the City bus tour $45 a ticket and you have to make a reservation in advance, very fun! The tour makes a few stops and you get a free cupcake!We also went to dinner @ Les Halles 414 Park Ave S, they have $19.99 Steak Frittes (steak and fries) every day! Steak was cooked perfectly, dessert was great too.We had dinner @ Serendipity, and I would never go back again! Frozen Hot chocolate was good, but the food was not worth it. Also check out Dylan's Candy Store... 3 floors of candy, who can resist that!Hope this helps you to have a great trip to NYC!	
Sep 8 2008 	forget it!	Other than a convenient location (6th ave, 52e) this old building won't offer anything else.i was on one of the executive floors: ridiculous.room: old old old, carpet stained, broken tiles, wallpaper coming off, miserable bathroom with clogged tub. cheap and old materials.tv: a very old clunky model. quality of channels very poor.executive lounge: every body can free ride for breakfast or snack. nobody checks eligibility. (don't bother paying executive services...)amazed by other positive reviews.	
Sep 7 2008 	The Good The Bad and The Ugly	First, the Good:This large hotel has all the amenities you can expect from a large, US-based hotel chain. It is located in Midtown Manhatten, only a few blocks from Central Park and Broadway. If you are in NY for theater, this is a great hotel, because when you get ready to leave the hotel for the theater, you can avoid the long lines at the taxi stand by simply walking to the theater, or taking one of the many bicycle taxis - they're a litte more expensive than a regular taxi, but for a short trip, they can be faster, and certainly more entertaining. Location-wise, this place is great. Many of the staff (especially the restaurant and the housekeepers) were very nice and accomodating, even though the hotel is very busy all the time.Next, the Bad:In contrast to the nice staff that I mentioned under the &quot;Good&quot; section, some of the staff were not very helpful or friendly at all - mostly the bar staff. As you will see, some of the staff were downright &quot;Ugly&quot; - read on. Another &quot;bad&quot; thing (at least for me) is the fact that the hotel is extremely busy all the time. In the main lobby area, the noise and activity level is pretty much non-stop. Some folks like that, and I do too, in limited doses, but I have to get away from it once in a while, and also, although I complimented the housekeeping staff for being nice, there was one little thing in the room that I didn't like. When we checked in, the bathtub/shower had a lot of hair in it. Now, I know this happens in all hotels, from the cheapest to the best, but this wasn't just one hair, tucked away in a hard-to-see corner. There were several strands of hair, in various locations throughout the tub/shower, and also in a couple of other spots in the bathroom. I don't think I'm alone in feeling that the room is less than fully clean, when I see that. And finally, on the bad side, there was a sporting event that I wanted to watch on ABC. I don't normally spend my holiday time watching TV, but I wanted to take a couple of hours out to watch this particular event. So I turned on the TV, to channel 7, New York's ABC affiliate. Appearing on channel 7 was the NBC peacock. Nothing against NBC, but they weren't showing what I wanted to see. I contacted the service desk four times, and after the fourth call, they sent a service person up to check. He confirmed what I already knew - that the central server for the hotel's TV service had ABC &quot;programmed&quot; out of their channel lineup. There was no ABC in the hotel. I checked other TV's and they were all the same. No one knew what to do about it, except to call the cable service provider, which didn't help me at all, since from the time I found the problem, it took 5 hours for them to even respond, and who knows how long it took the cable company to come out and fix it. As of the time we checked out the next day, the problem still wasn't fixed.Finally, The Ugly:We stepped out of the hotel to get a taxi, and I admit that I made a mistake. I wasn't paying attention, and I was simply focused on my goal of getting a cab, so I didn't notice the line of (3 or 4) people to my right, waiting for the doorman to put them in a taxi. A taxi stopped right in front of us, to let out a customer, and I began walking toward it to get in. The doorman began yelling (actually, &quot;screaming&quot; is probably more descriptive) at the driver (although I think he was clearly trying to send me a &quot;message&quot; too - it was just that since I was a hotel customer, he felt obliged not to confront me directly), and using abusive language, even cursing, at the top of his lungs. Of course, his problem was that he had a line of taxis waiting at the curb for him to call them up and put passengers in them, and he couldn't allow a taxi with a drop-off to cut into the line. I understand that, and I don't have a problem with him taking corrective action. Now, as I said earlier, I was wrong, I was not paying attention and should have walked over to take my place in line, but it was clear that I was not intentionally trying to jump ahead of the line (this sort of thing only happens about a thousand times a day there, I imagine) I was just being inattentive. Finally, when he did put us in a cab, he simply grunted at me and slammed the car door just a little too hard for me to think that he wasn't trying to send me a message. There is a way to politely waive the offending taxi driver off, and to politely ask the offending inattentive tourist to take a place in line, but this guy chose to go the other way, and frankly, I think he made just about everyone standing out there, even the good folks who had politely and attentively taken their places in the taxi line, feel very uncomfortable. It was just an &quot;ugly&quot; moment. Of course, his tactic worked, sort of. I'll never walk out of that hotel again without looking right, to make sure there is no taxi line waiting. On the other hand, I may never come back to this hotel again, so ....I give the hotel an overall &quot;average&quot; rating, because the location and some of the staff are really very good, but the negatives that I mentioned above drag the overall rating lower.	
Sep 5 2008 	Unbeatable Location	The Hilton New York's location is simply unbeatable because you're steps away from just about everything. It is a huge hotel, and very busy too I might add, so you don't get too much personalized attention but you do get the reliability that comes with the Hilton name. Lobby area was impressive enough for a business hotel and the rooms were very comfortable. The corridors to the rooms were a tad narrow but I guess this is New York! I did stay in a non-renovated room but I could not fault it. It did have a distinctly American feel to it. Breakfast at the Executive Lounge was OK - you really cannot go wrong with pastries and coffee.	
Sep 2 2008 	Really Enjoyed Hilton New York	My husband and I just returned from NYC and stayed at the Hilton New York on Ave of the America's. This hotel was absolutely wonderful! Yes, the bathroom was a little small perhaps, but we didn't come to NY to see a big bathroom in our hotel room. There's still counter space to place items/get ready and we didn't have any issues. Beds were super comfy, but we did ask for a few more pillows as those were a little small. But they brought us pillows right away when we asked. They also had complimentary shampoo, conditioner, soap and toothpaste!Check-in was VERY easy. Yes, there was a line, but they had a few staff members checking people in and we waited maybe 10 mins to check in, and we got there at exactly 3PM. One thing we noticed was that our remote control didn't work for our TV when we walked in (and since we went to NY to watch the US Open, we wanted to be able to watch part of the match on TV so we knew who was playing while we were there). Well, we called Customer Service and within mins, they had brought us a brand new remote! After reading some of the reviews on Cust Serv, we weren't expecting them to do that, but they did and we were pleased. Yes, food at the hilton is terribly expensive, but if you walk just a block or so, you will run into several reasonably priced restaurants...and the food is AMAZING at these other restaurants!!! :) Also, be sure to ask the front desk for a list of recommended restaurants around there. They have a 2 page list of restaurants within about 3-4 blocks of the hotel...plenty to choose from and for every budget!!The location is AMAZING!!! Just a few blocks away from Central Park, Broadway, David Letterman (which by the way there is an amazing restaurant called Angelo's in this bldg...highly recommend and prices are reasonable). We didn't have time to do much in the city since we spent much of our time at the US Open Tennis Championships, but we have decided that we WILL be back to NY and more than likely will be staying at this hotel again. If you have ANY questions about this hotel or anything, please feel free to send me a message!	
Aug 31 2008 	Fresh and Modern; Outstanding Location	I spent a lot of time considering which hotel to book for a weekend trip to New York in August, and ultimately narrowed it down to the Hilton New York and the Hilton Garden Inn (on 8th Ave) because both had good reviews on Tripadvisor and were located in the heart of Midtown. I ultimately chose the Hilton New York and was very pleased with my 3-night stay there. I had gotten a pretty good good deal by booking an advance purchase/non-refundable $239 rate through the Hilton website. Make sure to book their newly renovated rooms-- they're called &quot;deluxe&quot; on the website and they cost the same. Our room was the best part of our stay at the Hilton--- it was new and fresh, with LED bedside lighting, a really cool table lamp, flat-screen TV, and a Herman Miller chair (the room looked exactly like the pictures on the website). The room was of a good size while the bathroom was smallish but nicely done with marble. Other strong points: the staff was generally helpful, and the location on 53rd St. (right across from the MOMA) can't be beat. As for weaknesses, the hotel is indeed huge and caters to many many guests, but the staff manages everything well and we never found the hotel's crowded-ness to be a problem. The check-in line moved quickly and the wait for elevators wasn't too bad. The only real weakness is that the Hilton does try to nickel-and-dime you: breakfasts and the mini-bar items are shockingly expensive, and they charge for Internet (they'll try to offer you several different levels of internet service... just get the basic $14.95 internet service.. it was plenty fast). However, if you avoid the fees, the Hilton can be a really good deal, and I'm definitely going to be returning in the future.	
Aug 30 2008 	Great location helpful staff	This Hilton is in a great location to walk to Central Park, Broadway shows, shopping, and restaurants. The hotel was full when we stayed there for three nights to see some of the U.S. Open. Our room was not ready at check in time, but was ready within an hour and the staff stored our luggage and gave us a drink at the bar, which we needed after the rough flight! The rooms are small but comfortable. The bathroom was tiny and needed a new shower curtain. The bed was amazing comfortable and that was the most important thing. The breakfast is good but very pricey. Walk up Avenue of the Americas one block for a great breakfast at Astros instead of eating at the hotel. The staff was good at arranging transportation for our group of ten back to the airport. All in all, a good value considering the prime location in Manhattan.	
Aug 29 2008	Great Renovation	I liked this hotel before the renovation, and absolutely love it even more now. The standard rooms are still the biggest in New York, and the location doesn't get any better. It is close to Central Park, Rockefeller Center, and Times Square. I still believe this is one of the most family-friendly hotels in NYC. It is still big and boisterous, but the employees handle the situation very well.I am upset that the rates have been increased since the renovation, but I still believe it is a good value.	
Aug 27 2008 	What a rip off - Never again	We stayed at the Hilton in Time Square for two nights. That was two nights too many. We had come to the end of our stay in America, which was the first time with our children, and wanted to treat them to a fabulous hotel on the EXECUTIVE FLOOR!!!!!! What a joke. The reception staff were not at all pleasant, it was a good job they were not being tipped. The room was in need of decoration, the shower was powerless and although the room was large that was the only positive thing!!! The Executive floor was not Executive, there was one laptop for TEN FLOORS which was constantly in use and very stressful with guests being extremely rude and staff not intervening. There was a constant queue for breakfast and the so called snacks were not even worth returning to the hotel for. The only things free were water and coffee and tea, which was available in the room anyway. Money definitely wasted should have stayed in a standard room but reading all the other comments in hindsight should have said at the Marriott. We stayed at the Hilton in Rome which was a completely different experience but after this experience in a Hilton, WILL NEVER RETURN AGAIN to any Hilton Hotels, this is our second bad experience.	
Aug 25 2008	Great Hotel - Perfect Location	We arrived at the Hilton New York on August 15 for 3 nights. We were extremely pleased. The staff was professional and courteous - very helpful. I was very pleased with the room. I had read some of the reviews here and was a bit concerned but happy that we did not have a negative experience. The room was quite spacious for the two of us and very clean. I normally do not sleep well in hotels but the beds were extremely comfortable.The location is the best. Five minute walk to Central park, Time Square, shopping and all the Broadway theatres. We never took the subway because it was so easy to walk anywhere we wanted. The selection of restaurants in the neighbourhood was also excellent.I would definitely stay here again when we come back to New York.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great location would stay again	Booked the Hilton New York for my wife and I's wedding anniversary. Stayed in NYC for 4 days (3 nights), and the Hilton New York was a great launching place for our visit. In the 4 days we were there, we ended up taking the subway once (to get to Ground Zero), but other than that we walked everywhere we went. The hotel is within easy walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller, CBS studios, NBC studios, great restaurants and many shopping spots.The experience we had at the hotel itself was more than satisfactory. For us, the check-in did not take long at all, and they have quick check-out (just leave your keys in the room). The room was nice, and the 2 small problems we had (e.g. TV was not initially working) were fixed within 10 minutes once we reported them to customer service.We got a good price on the room, and for the same deal in the future - I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again! The only negative we experienced was the high cost for parking at the hotel, but that is true in almost all NYC hotels - and although the Hilton was higher than average, they did offer valet service and it was in a secure underground lot.	
Aug 20 2008 	Location is all it offers	If it's location you are looking for this is great, but that is all I liked about it. I specifically requested a bath tub, no bath tub just a very small room and a tiny bathroom with a shower, no sink space and the toilet so close to the sink that you hit your elbow on it everytime. This was the refurbished queen deluxe. If this is deluxe I can't imagine the small rooms. We couldnlt order room service unless you wanted to eat in bed because there was no table etc to use. A beer at the bar cost my husband $8.00 ridiculous. They charge to use the gym,charged us for an incoming fax, charge for everything. It is centerally located but for $500.00 a night I guess I expect more.	
Aug 11 2008 	A good choice for New York	This is a large international style hotel in a convenient, but reasonably quiet location for a short visit to New York. Our two Queen bedded room was a fair size for a city centre hotel and adequate for the needs of a family of four. The lifts are fast when you get in them but there can be a bit of a wait at peak times. The hotel has a Starbucks rather than a restaurant but there are decent restaurants within an easy walk. Staff were welcoming when we arrived after midnight.We would stay here again.	
Aug 9 2008 	disappointing	We have just returned from 3 nights staying here. We were disappointed with the standard of the hotel and the attitude of the staff. We were initially given a room on the 20th floor - it was in desperate need of renovation. It was very tired - the shower curtain had mould on it and the bath plug was broken! However, it was very close to the lifts and sounded as though a hurricane was continuously blowing. Cutting a long story short, we were moved to a renovated 33rd floor room. It was much better but again not perfect. The attitude of the staff was not helpful and you felt as though you were in a hotel factory! However, the location is excellent which is a huge positive.	
Aug 5 2008 	Good Hotel but a few things need working on	I had stayed at this hotel previously about two years ago and I was delighted to see the refurbishment work that was carried out. The makeover was very good and the bath was replaced with an outstanding glass door shower...honestly it was one of the best showers that I have taken in months. The designers also excelled by having lights at the bottom of the bedside tables that come on automatically with motion sensors.I did not use the restaurants at all not with such excellent places to eat in New York so I have no comment on their food and beverage operations. I did actually notice that the bar closes a bit earlier than most bars for such a busy hotel.I was locked out of my room and approached the bell desk to get a replacemnet key. A tall African American gentleman was most rude as he told me in no uncertain terms to &quot;JOIN THE LINE&quot; which he promptly repeated in even sterner tones. I waited in the line for 30 minutes to get my key changed for a problem that was the hotel's fault. I did protest to the receptionist but I got the distinct impression that it fell on deaf ears.One major annoyance was the fact that the floors became an assault course during the days littered with dirty laundry thrown down on the carpet and with staff congregating in the corridor and totally oblivious of the fact that you needed to get by.Dirty room service items were never collected promptly and generally gave the hotel a very sloppy appearance.At nights the utility room would be wedged open and stayed open with the assistance of a vacuum cleaner.Despite the fact that hotel is large and very busy it is a good place to stay given its location. Once I think that management tackle these very basic houskeeping issues I would have very little to gripe about.	
Aug 4 2008 	Renovation really shows in the rooms - Room 1137 was great	I stayed here for two nights as part of a group meeting and was apprehensive because my last stay prior to the major renovation was awful. I was delighted to find that the renovation funds were largely put into guest rooms which are spacious for city standards, and include functional furnishings including bedside reading lights that can easily be turned off without getting out of bed, compact but well equipped bathroom, mini bar, ironing gear, spacious wardrobe closet, etc. Room 1137 overlooks the atrium area between 6th ave and 7th avenue so it was very quiet - another unusual factor for a NYC hotel room. Bars have upgraded a bit but the lobby is still warehouse-like abuzz with thousands of people passing through it daily. Security at the main entrance has also been stepped up at night which is somewhat reassuring.Lindy's restaurant is out the back door as is Stage Deli so skip the coffee shop restaurant that has so so food at high prices. Interpretive actions at the Coffee shop restaurant such as putting poppy seeds in Thousand Island Dressing are not creative, but just plain bad.	
Aug 4 2008 	Perfect location...for a tourist	This is a huge midtown hotel. The lobby is well kept and always busy. Check-in was smooth at the HHonor Gold/Diamond desk at around 12:30 p.m. I was told the hotel was sold out, so my request for an Executive Level Room or a Remodeled Room was declined. I was given a pretty small room on the 28th floor with a view of 53rd Avenue. Sans the few stains on the carpet and no hot water in the shower on both mornings of my stay, the room was perfectly fine. I can confirm the reports that the walls in this hotel are quite thin, so just hope you do not get noisy neighbors.I had no long waits for an elevator, regardless of the time of day; however, this was a mid-week stay. The corridors near the elevator banks are quite narrow, so that only enhances the appearance of it being crowded.The HHonor Gold/Diamond complementary breakfast is now downstairs in the Italian restaurant and opens at 6:30 a.m. (not 6:00 a.m. as reported on their website). Nice spread of typical continental fare. Perfect for a quick, light breakfast. The food selections at this hotel are not quite as vast as I would hope for at such a large hotel. On my first night, the Italian restaurant and the cafe style restaurant were both closed, so I opted to eat in the Lobby Bar (yes, I know NYC has tons of food options, but I had hotel-specific food and beverage credits to use). The food I ordered was quite good, however. Same result in the Italian restaurant the following night.As for the reports that the food in the hotel is expensive, I can only posit that these people have never stayed in a hotel in a large city before. The prices at the hotel restaurants, bars and room service are right on par with what I would expect. Just be forewarned that the menus on the Hilton New York website are outdated as far selection and price. I'd add 10-20% to those prices to bring them up-to-date. The solution to the high prices of hotel food is to walk down 6th Avenue in either direction or hit one of the reasonably priced hotdog or gyro stands on 6th just north of the Hilton entrance.As far as location, the Hilton New York is within walking distance of Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Theatre District and other local attractions like the David Letterman show. For this reason it is perfect for a tourist. If you like to walk, even the Javits Center is only a 25 minute walk at a brisk pace. You are also a block or two from the major uptown/downtown subway lines. I do not use cabs in NYC because it is faster to walk in many cases, so I cannot speak for the cab line wait.I found the staff quite helpful and attentive. There were a few small uncommon issues (regarding payment method, not problems created by the hotel) with my reservation that were handled properly, promptly and with courtesy upon check-in and check-out. This hotel is probably a half-notch lower than a four, but let's not split hairs. If you can land this hotel on Priceline for under $200, I think it is a good deal. However, in my opinion, the normal advertised prices direct from the hotel are quite steep for what you get.Perhaps I am a bit jaded because this was not a leisure trip, nor was I the typical tourist since I grew up and live in the New York Metro area, but I have stayed in nicer hotels in NYC and other big cities at lower price points. Then again, this is New York City...	
Aug 3 2008 	Can't go wrong	We have made many trips into New York and this was our favorite hotel. It is easy walking distance to many New York attractions. We were able to walk to Times Square, Rockfeller, Central Park and the subway is just across the street. During our stay this year we were able to see Meryl Streep at the New York premier of her movie &quot;Mamma Mia&quot; which was right across the street from the hotel. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and rather spacious for New York. I can't wait until I return to New York and again stay at the Hilton New York.	
Aug 3 2008 	Not what we expected !	Valet Parking service was excellent, (Make sure that you drive to the side of the hotel and not the front) and we quickly got to reception after being asked several questions about Hilton Properties by a sales agent.However at reception I met the rudest check-in clerk that I have ever met in my global travels over the past almost 40 yearsShe told me that she would be a few minutes as I approached the desk, typed away furiously for several minutes, then asked me one word....&quot;name&quot;...... then typed away again for several additional minutes, then literally threw the card-key in the cover across the counter to me, did not explain what the seperate metal-key was for etc, that was the end of the conversation.I later found out that having booked the exec lounge package I could have checked in at the lounge, but this was either something I had overlooked or failed to read in the booking confirmation.You can imagine that this is not one of the cheapest properties in town, and as a frequent traveller I just put it down to one of lifes experiences, however if it was a &quot;Bucket List&quot; experience or if I were a retiree and this were a stay that I had been saving up for, it would have completely started the break off on the wrong footing. In fact it did exactly that for us after a long day of travelling in the heat wave that hit NYC Mid July 2008.I know that these clerks see a lot of people during the day but the old saying first impressions count, it is still true !!. I mentioned it to the hotel staff and did not see the clerk in question again during our stay.Room was old, stains on the ceiling, hair in the bath, plug had long since detached from the mechanism to raise / lower it (was a bit of a struggle to get it to work, but managed it), room not tip top, for example, just lack of care - lots of dust on the valance sheet, air con vent had not seen a feather duster for some time, chair appeared on the second day, room also relatively small for the star rating, overall, expensive for a negative experience. Is it just me that notices these things ?.Executive Lounge busy in the mornings, we stayed in July, however worth a marginal wait for breakfast, but they turn the Free WiFi off during several key times, such as breakfast, to prevent people from occupying the tables and working.Great location, near central park, just was expecting a significantly higher standard of service / cleanliness than we received.Would look elsewhere next time.	
Jul 26 2008 	Decent property. Outrageous food prices.	This is a huge mid-town business type hotel. I stayed here for 2 nights based on a promotion to hear a presentation on the Hilton Club.This place is always busy and bustling with activity. The mid-town location is probably the best feature of this hotel.Check-in was very fast and easy. The staff here is very friendly and helpful. The room was a decent size for NYC standards. It seems like it was a renovated room. It had marble bathroom,flat screen TV, and very tasteful furnishings. My room was on 7th floor with only a view of buildings but there was next to no street noise. View wasn't a big deal for me since I wasn't in the room very much. Here is why I only gave the property 3 stars.First off, Forget about getting an elevator between 8am and 8pm. There was always a wait. I waited as much as 10 minutes for an elevator. There was a modeling convention in the hotel when I was there and I am sure the hotel was at or near capacity but you figure the engineers would know their hotel would sometimes be filled to capacity and would have planned accordingly. Secondly, The prices for food and room service are beyond outrageous for this class of hotel. Afterall, I expect high prices at a more upscale 5 star property like a Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental but not at a Hilton.It was 26 bucks for 2 eggs sausage and homefries,28 bucks for a hamburger. 19 bucks for a simple BLT sandwich. Something is wrong when 2 people are spending 60 bucks for an barely average basic breakfast. There is no excuse to charge those prices. Hilton seems to like to gouge customers. Also, they charge for internet use which is another form of gouging customers for every dime.Room service was even more expensive than the restaurant. Overall, this is a decent property with nice rooms,friendly staff, average food(surely a very poor value) though if you go remember to bring a fat wallet to eat or better yet don't eat there. The only reason I dined there was convenience. If I had more time, I would have never dined there. There are many places close by where you can get a decent breakfast or lunch for 1/4 the prices they charge at the Hilton.	
Jul 25 2008 	Nice hotel	It's just what you would expect from a Hilton Hotel. No more, no less. Internet a bit pricy (about $25 a day).Be aware breakfast does not start till 6am or 7am (can't remember now), so if you had an early flight, you might miss this. But breakfast is plentifull.Location is not the best I've stayed in NYC, but it is just fine. A- grade. I would stay here again if I got a great rate. If not, would try Helmsley (NY or Park Lane -nice view-) or, if you can, Four Seasons.	
Jul 22 2008	Good Value Good Stay	If you can book this hotel at a decent price, it is a great place to stay. I have been in many hotels in NYC, and for the right price this is one of the best options. Mostly good things to say about this hotel: Centrally located in Manhattan with decent access to the attractions and subway. The rooms are clean (we had two rooms) and mostly quiet (depends on your neighbors). Plenty of amenities in the hotel, such as workout facilities, WiFi, etc. The bad things about this hotel are mostly picky items, but worth mentioning. Upon checking into one of the rooms, the mini-bar had a half-consumed coke and toothpaste marks in the sink. Despite pointing this out upon checking in, they still tried to charge me for the coke. It is NY, and you will hear honking horns all through the night. Make sure you use the &quot;do not disturb sign.&quot; Otherwise, you will receive multiple interruptions, such as room-check, extra coffee/tea check, etc. The TVs are flat screen wide screens, but the software and remote are horrible. Changing channels is a challenge (huge delay). The gym is $20/day and the internet is $15-$20/day. Finally, the staff varied form very nice to very rude. I almost gave this hotel 3/5 stars, but compared to other options in NYC it deserves 4/5. I would stay here again.	
Jul 18 2008 	Good but not Great	Good room at the Executive Level. It was quiet and large for New York standards. To pay extra to stay at Executive Level room is only worth it because of the free WiFi at their lounge. Otherwise the free food is not that great and it's very limited in variety.Centrally located between Times Square and Central Park.	
Jul 16 2008 	good location	The Hilton New York is in walking distance to Central Park, Theater District, Times Square and all the glam shopping you could want. We stayed on the Club level. The rooms were very nice, spacious with very comfortable beds, not your typical tiny NYC hotel rooms. Aveda bath products were provided, mini bar and black out curtains. The walls are however paper thin. They have breakfast and happy hour every day for Club Level patrons. They also have a concierge service who can get you reservations to most places. This service is available to everyone at the hotel.There is a ticket office who provides brokers tickets to all plays and sells tickets to attractions. Of course you pay more, but that's the way they do things in NYC. They have a nice bar and some resturaunts including starbucks. We didn't use any of these so I cannot comment on them. Of couse, summer is a very hot, touristy time to be in the city, but this is a great location, not too much street noise and very secure at nite. We took a taxi here from LaGuardia for around $35. It's only about 30-45 minutes to/from depending on traffic.	
Jul 15 2008 	Really Liked	It is a super busy hotel but that is one of the reasons I chose it. You will have to wait in line to check-in but they are very quick about it. The elevators can be a little confusing because there are 2 corridors of elevators, they're labeled but depending on how rough your trip was or how excited you are to be there...you might not get it.I had one of the newly refurbished rooms and it was so very nice. Really contemporary, great lighting, cool bathroom, cool bed. Like every Hilton I've stayed at, they expect you to pay for the internet. Not a good selection of channels on the tv but are you really there to watch tv? No, so who cares. I just plugged my mp3 into the clock radio and enjoyed instead. One big negative was that you can hear your neighbors in the next room. The walls are pretty thin, I could hear the conversation and they weren't loud people. Could be a little embarrassing. I wasn't bothered by street noise, I think it's a little quieter than where I live.The very best thing about the hotel is the location is so close to the MoMA. I also walked to the Metropolitan Museum of Art and The Guggenheim, a good walk but completely doable. I only ate breakfast at the hotel and the buffet was expensive, but it is convenient and quick so I didn't mind too much. The staff is really friendly and you feel welcome to be there. There's a diner (Astro) about a block away walking toward Central Park on 6th good for a quick bite to eat. I had the gyro plate and it was very good. There's some bad reveiws on Yelp about them and I did have the mean waiter too and another time I had the nice one. Otherwise you don't need my advise on food because I hardly ate while I was there anyway.	
Jul 8 2008 	Large convention hotel but great location	I had reservations at another hotel but tried Priceline before I left. My bid was successful and once again I got the Hilton. I was very pleased.I like this hotel very much. The location is great. Near subway stops and Rockefeller Center - but not in the craziness near Broadway. It is a large convention hotel, but they have added check-in kiosks in the lobby since my last stay. I'm sure that has helped the former problem with very long check-in lines (even for HHonor members). The renovated room (since my last visit) was lovely. No complaints at all with the room.There is a wait for the elevators, even though they are divided up by floors. That's the strongest &quot;negative&quot; I can come up with for this hotel. I appreciated the luggage check for my early arrival and late departure. I was especially glad to be staying at a large hotel when trying to catch a taxi to my friends' home on the UWS. The taxi line was very long, but there was a steady flow of incoming taxis. I can't imagine how hard it would have been to grab a cab elsewhere in the city during a thunderstorm.Nice hotel, nice rooms, great beds, great location.	
Jul 7 2008	Not Worth the Money	Stayed here for two nights on &quot;executive&quot; floor. Staff in the hotel was generally unhelpful. Concierge can do no better than distribute photocopied restaurant lists. We tried to hold a short meeting in the &quot;executive&quot; lounge on floor 44, but mid afternoon restocking of the bar was so noisy, with staff acting as if no one was in the lounge, talking loudly and making as much noise as I have ever heard with ice, glasses and plates. We were asked to leave at 4:45 because they needed to prepare for happy hour or something like that. I am not sure how they could still have something to prepare after a full hour of mayhem.Breakfast in &quot;executive&quot; lounge was more akin to an airport than an &quot;executive&quot; experience, with staff handling the huge flow of guests with a &quot;TSA approach&quot;, talking loudly to guests, hearding and lining up everyone, and generally squeezing people rudely together. Breakfast offering very weak.A very unpleasant stay throughout. Unrenovated rooms are forgettable, with everything a bit run down. Hotel is well located but one can do much better within a five block radius.	
Jul 6 2008 	fantastic location	Hi. I stayed at the Hilton for 4 nights with my 12 year old son. The location was briliant easy walk to Central Park Zoo, Broadway, the stores etc. I went on to the executive levels to have a quieter room. When we arrived the check in staff were thinly polite. The concierge was immensely helpful and very affable. The room was of good size and fairly clean but the bathroom was very small and a bit shabby. The beds were comfortable and we slept well. Could not change the room tempertaure. My son liked the in-room movies :) All in all if you are not staying in your room much and do not mind impersonal service the hotel is in a great central location. Travellers tip: buy your theatre tickets direct from theatres a lot cheaper. Enjoy :)	
Jul 6 2008 	Busy 	I went to a conference in NYC in June and stayed at the Hilton Hotel in Midtown NYC. The location couldn't have been better. It was a short walk to Central Park and an even shorter walk to 5th Ave shopping, Radio City Music Hall and so much more. The hotel is pretty expensive, but I suppose you really get what you pay for in NYC. It's really nice, clean, comfortable and has very friendly service. If you can spring for it, it's definitely worth the money. I did learn one thing (country girl in the city) - if you want to take a cab, get to the street where traffic runs in the direction you want to go before you get in. Otherwise you have to go around the block and generally get stuck in traffic. The street in front of the Hilton NY runs toward Central Park - so if you want to go to Soho, walk a block over first! Have fun!!!	
Jul 2 2008	Great birthday trip	I am from New York but I have not lived there for years(too many to mention). It had been my wish to spend time there during the Christmas season and my birthday is in Dec so I spent a week at the Hilton. The whole trip was fantastic I will never forget it. The Hilton was the perfect base for everything we want to do. I walk to almost everything. Central Park, Times Square, Broadway, Time Warner Building, Bryant Park, Macys, Rockefeller Center. The room was very comfortable great aveda products in the rooms. I was so busy I did not spend much time in the hotel. The elevators were extremely slow and the cab que was very long at times.	
Jul 2 2008 	Mostly good - some bad	I arrived here at 0100 after a flight from London. I contatced the hotel prior to our arrival to advise them we would be late and as an honours member was told this wouldnt be a problem and an honors room would be waiting for us. When we arrived and I went to check in I was told that there wasnt a room available for three nights. I could stay in one room for one night then have to switch rooms. I wasnt happy as I booked direct with the hotel in January so they had 6 months to sort a room out for three nights. After a lengthy discussion I had to accept the room ( I was told by the manager if I didnt like it I could go somewhere else...at 0100!!) We were given a room which was fine as it was a Honors gold or something similar room which if you stay in it comes with breakfast. I then said as we were staying in that room I assumed we would be getting breakfast and after more discussion breakfast was included. The room was a good size and very comfortable. It didn't have a tub but a huge shower. We got up early the next day to go out and asked about the room change to be told that we would have to vacate the room by 1100 and would be issued another room at 1800. I then said that as a checked in guest at the hotel I expected to be able to go into my room whenever I chose to as I had paid to stay for three days. Not have a day where a room wasnt available - again after much discussion we were told we could keep the room until our new room was ready. We eventually moved into our new room at 1800. The manager who was on at the time of moving was helpful and couldnt do enough for us. He had obvioulsy heard that we werent happy and went out of his way to accomodate us. The new room was spacious and had a view of central park. It had a tub and shower although the bathroom was small it wasnt a problem after all how much time do you spend in the bathroon!! The location was great and we didnt have any problema with the lifts and having to wait as mentioned in other reviews. All in all this is a nice hotel. It is clean, the location great and the rooms a nice size. I wouldnt stay here again purley because of the problems we encountered and the atitude of the manager who saw us the night we checked in. If these things hadnt of happened it would be getting a much better review.	
Jul 1 2008 	Buzzy Hotel	What a great eplace to stay. Step out the door off the hotel and you are a short walk to anywhere. This place has a great buzz about it, it is busy so don't stay here if your looking to chill out unless you stay in your room. We had a refurbed room which was huge and had a view on Central Park.	
Jun 30 2008 	GREAT LOCATION NICE AND CLEAN!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for our very first visit to NY. We stayed at the end of May. The price is a little steep, but we stayed over the holiday weekend, So expected the price to be steep. We loved the location, it was in the heart of it all, yet not in the busiest part, so it felt like we were escaping from the madness as we walked the short distance back to our hotel. The room was very nice. We were upgraded to the executive level as soon as we checked in. Which was nice because the rooms do not have wireless internet, and my husband brought work with him. If you are on the executive level you get use of the lounge upstairs with free wireless...and a nice continental breakfast. The hotel is SO close to Rockefeller Center and Radio Music Hall that you can see them from the hotel...and only a few blocks from Central park...a very very short walk away. I loved this place and we will stay here our next visit to NY...and we will be back, we loved NY alot.	
Jun 26 2008 	Fine for a business traveller	I stayed at this hotel with a friend who was in NYC for a conference. The hotel is extremly busy and with only 3 elevators per floor (when you've got something like 35 floors), and only 1-2 elevators functioning at at time, it was nuts.The place was clean with basic immenities... Charging $3.50 for them to hold out bags for 2 hours after we checked out is ridiculous, but they did give us a late check-out so I can't complain. It's your basic large hotel chain place.Location-wise; perfect since close to Central Park, Times Square, etc. Almost everything was within walking distance (if you're a walker).If I had to pay for the room, I'd stay somewhere less busy and trendier.	
Jun 25 2008 	excellent location	We stayed there 4 nights. The location was excellent. The subway is near by. Good restaurants around. Starbucks in the hotel!!!Staff very helpful and pleasant.Our flight brought us to NY very early, we were at the hotel at 7AM, and since they had a free room (our luck) they checked us in.I am sure that this will be the hotel were I'll stay on my next trip to NY.	
Jun 17 2008 	Pleasant Hotel with reservations	Stayed at Hilton for 4 days as part of tour of New England. The room was clean but the Market Place restaurant was poor. Staff were friendly and location excellent. Being one of the largest hotels in New York, it is extremely busy. Bellman was very helpful and even took bags to car rental office around corner.	
Jun 17 2008 	Perfect Location	Loved the Hilton New York. The location was perfect for those who have never been to Manhatten before and want to see all of the famed New York sights. It's walking distance to Broadway, tonnes of retaurants, lots of shopping, close to public transit, times square, MOMA and lots of other cool stuff. Our room was one of the recently renovated ones, and it was really quite nice - nothing to complain about there. We were on the 42nd floor, with great views of the window cleaners, cleaning the windows of the sky scrapers across the street - entertainment unto itself. The concierge was definately worth taking advantage of and there was never any trouble getting a cab. There's a starbucks downstairs and a decent, yet pricey, restaurant right in the hotel. If you're planning a trip to New York, and you've never been before, my biggest recommendation is to bring comfy shoes. Walking in NY is lots of fun - but my feet are still recovering!	
Jun 13 2008 	Mixed feelings on this hotel	Stayed here for a week, end May/June. Liked this hotel, but with reservations. Location is great, near everything touristy/shopping/restaurants/subway/park. Room was spacious and clean and we liked the fact it had a sofa. Bathroom was just a shower and miniscule, hardly any shelf room for toiletries. They were mean with the towels, only 1 bath and handtowel each most of the time. Ditto with drinking glasses, we had to request more than one, which we lost patience with and bought plastic ones. On one occasion they didnt clean the coffee machine and cups.The bar in reception area was fine, but one evening when a sizeable party of people arrived for drinks they ate takeaway food! After that we went to the Bridges Bar which was better, and so was the service.When we arrived, we noticed that the Hilton sign outside was missing illumination of some letters, which wasnt fixed while we were there. They really should be aware that this looked tatty.The other thing was that when we were leaving and checked our luggage until we were ready to leave, they charged us 3.50 dollars per item. I travel at least 3 times a year and have never been charged for this before!Cant comment on food there since I rarely eat in hotels. Tip: for a great breakfast go to the Astro Diner nearby. The smoothie stall is also very good if you like fruit.	
Jun 7 2008 	okay city break hotel	stayed here for 4 nights as a b.day prez for my wife &amp; I. Very big and busy hotel 24/7.paid for an exec. room on 40th floor, nice enough but nothing special. looked into other buildings as everything around is so high.The lifts are a disaster zone. There are too few and very busy in the morning. try getting to exec level for b.fast - ended up taking the stairs only to find this area was busy also. They did have the restaurant open for gold HH members - much more civilised.The staff were really good, no real problems there, food was okay - expected more from bagels as in NYC. Location wise was fine and always felt safe out and about.If I were to go back again, I would consider staying here, but would maybe try a smaller style hotel.Generally yes this is an okay hotel, as I say very busy all the time.	
Jun 6 2008 	Eat at 53rd and 6th Halal Cart!	The hotel was nice, had a nice sized room, and was in a GREAT location, but I wouldn't stay there again. They wanted to charge $15 PER COMPUTER for internet access. My husband and I both brought our laptops, but ended up sharing mine, because it simply wasn't worth $30 per day for us to both have a connection. We were there for 4 nights, and I just couldn't justify paying $120 for internet access. The fitness center would have been another $18 per day, but since the hotel is so close to Central Park, it's better to go on a nice run there. Definitely check your credit card statement (in addition to checking your room check-out statement) for miscellaneous charges. We, like several other reviewers, were charged for a $7.75 drink from our mini-bar that we did not drink. The Hilton did reverse this charge for us, but I wonder how many people don't notice and get ripped off. The food and drinks are ridiculously expensive when you consider how many restaurants and carts are close by. My husband paid $25.95 for a burger with fries (plus a $4.50 service charge, which does NOT include gratuity), simply because we were too tired to go anywhere. McCormick &amp; Schmicks has a great happy hour ($1.95 burger from 4-6 and 9-12 pm) and is only about a block away. Finally, on Saturday night, we waited about 20 minutes for an elevator to take us to the ground floor. We eventually packed like sardines into an elevator that was going up, just to reserve our spot when it eventually went back down. So plan ahead if you want to leave the hotel at around dinner time on Saturday night!On a positive note, we had a complicated reservation in that it was booked as 2 nights and then another 2 nights... and they allowed us to stay in the same room all 4 nights. Even though the first 2 nights were supposed to be in a queen bed, and the last 2 nights in a king bed, they let us have the king bed all 4 nights. The check-in and check-out people were very friendly. If you can avoid eye contact with the Hilton's transportation guy, try to walk to the corner and get your own taxi. I see no reason to tip the Hilton guy for hailing a taxi that was already waiting outside of the lobby. But he does come right at you and grab your bags when he sees that you have just checked out.The best part of the location was the cart at 53rd and 6th [-]. I've never had that type of food before, but I would go back to NYC just to have it again. You have to go from 7:30PM to 4AM, or it's a different vendor.	
Jun 3 2008 	Nice rooms; scattered service	I almost never write reviews, but am so tired of booking far in advance to get what we want, only to arrive and find our pretty simply requests are ignored. This is a BIG hotel! Why is it so difficult to get two rooms within shotput distance of each other. My only requests were to have one king bedded room next to or adjoining a dbl/dbl room for children; non-smoking. That's it! When we arrived we were given two rooms 20 floors apart. We refused them and were assigned two on the same floor, but still aerobic distance. We kept those for the first night, then were moved to another floor, closer, but still a fair distance apart. Irritating mostly because they look at you like you are asking for the moon. Anyway, there were a couple very accommodating front desk people working for us, but still, what's the problem Hilton? They have a very pricey buffet breakfast with very average food, that should only be patronized if you get it for free. The rooms are nice size by NY standards and it's a great location.	
Jun 2 2008 	location and a safe bet	We stayed for six nights in the Hilton on the 7th floor in a newly renovated room. Furnishing were modern and an 32inch LCD screen, minibar etc. Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries. And of course spotlessly clean.The location of this hotel is great - Top of the Rock, Radio City Hall, Theatre district, Central Park and good shopping and eating are all in an easy walk. The hotel lobby bar is great to relax in with a good choice of cocktails and the Italian restaurant, whilst pricy, is very good for a splurgeThe guest ticketing services are great and we were able to get tickets to the show of our choice on the night of our choice. They were always busy.Breakfast was expensive $60 after tip and tax. and was just okay. The diner across the road is good and and at $14 is much cheaper. Hilton is a good choice if you want comfort, familiarity and location	
Jun 2 2008 	Hello Rockstar Treatment	I live in New York city and wanted to find a nice place to get away in the city for my birthday, so I took a chance and booked a room on priceline, requesting the highest star rating available for the price--I entered, $130. I ended up with a room at the Hilton New York. I figured, &quot;eh, It's a pretty decent hotel, but nothing spectacular&quot; I checked in and decided to see if I could charm my way into a bigger room. (I was booked in a pretty small-queen bed room) I told them it was my birthday and that I wanted something more luxurious than my own home and guess what?- they offered me a suite for only $100 extra. AND not just any suite, a 1400 sqft PENTHOUSE on the executive floor with a wet bar, A whole wall of amazing bay window views of central park, 2 bathrooms, a huge bed room, a kitchen. WHAAA???? It was of course worth xtra $100. I truly felt like a rockstar. Hilton's ok in my book. Moral of the story: Ask and you shall receive.	
Jun 2 2008 	I LOVE (the Hilton) NY	The Hilton NY has everything a visitor to NYC needs...a comfortable room to sleep at the end of a tiring day, impeccable staff to handle your guest needs as they arise AND an unbeatable midtown location. The Hilton is a 5 minute walk to Central Park &amp; 5th Ave. shopping as well as a 10 min. walk to Times Square. I would recommend the Hilton NY to anyone travelling to NYC for business or pleasure and will definitely stay here again on our next visit to the Big Apple!	
May 29 2008 	Nice room and location. Everything else....eh.	Stayed here for 3 nights in May. The location is good, but the service was generally annoying. Got the upgrade to a recently renovated room, which was pretty nice, but the bathroom was still very small. Being NYC, any room that you can walk around the bed in is considered large, so I can't complain about that. I angled for the executive upgrade, but I was informed by several people to stay where I was. Apparently the Executive floors have not been renovated as of May '08. The Deluxe King is suppose to be the nice room, so don't bother splurging on the Executive Rooms unless you need the Executive Lounge. Breakfast was a joke. Their attempt at a Euro style spread was silly and cheap. If you don't get it comped, don't pay for it. The hotel is huge and full of tourists, so expect to be treated as one. Three different times while asking for info, I was assaulted with time share opportunities! Even the guy at breakfast tried to offer me an &quot;amazing money saving deal&quot;!A new clean room in NYC is a prized commodity, so I would probably stay here again.	
May 27 2008 	GREAT location!!	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Hilton for a conference he was attending. We were fortunate that his company paid for the hotel b/c the $279 a night price tag is way out of our range. We certainly enjoyed our room. It was very modern &amp; clean. While the room wasn't all that spacious, it was plenty big for the two of us. My only complaint would be that the housekeeping couldn't seem to get their ducks in a row. They KEPT knowcking on our door even though I had the do not disturb sign on the door. Urgh....	
May 27 2008	Hotel tip - ask for a recently renovated room	I stayed at the Hilton New York for a few days while attending a conference and was really impressed with the hotel. I arrived at the hotel early (thanks overnight red eye flight!) but was really happy that they took pity on me and let me check in at noon instead of 3pm.The front desk let me know that I was going to be on a recently refurbished floor (floor 10) and I have to say, the room was pretty nice. Flat screen tv, nice lighting fixtures, really comfortable bed, and the room was really clean. I could hear my neighbors through the connecting doors between rooms, but I was fortunate that the loudmouths I heard were actually checking out of the room while I was checking in.The coffee in the room was really good (Lavazza) but I avoided room service and the hotel restaurant downstairs because everything was pricey. But this location is so central you can walk anywhere - the Carnegie and Stage delis are just a few blocks away, Times Square is a short walk, and there are lots of those Jerry Seinfeld type breakfast joins all over the place.	
May 22 2008 	Best place ever!	This is perhaps the best hotel I have ever stayed in. My wife and I stayed at this hotel for our 1 year anniversary, with a high recommendation from one of my co-workers. My wife being a Silver VIP HH member helped us in getting upgraded to an updated king room. Basically the hotel's rooms go in stages, the higher your room is, the nicer the room. The lobby is absolutely gorgeous and the location is just a quick walk from Central Park and Rockafeller Center. The breakfast is a bit pricey, but if you talk with a Hilton representative via phone, see if there is a deal that includes breakfast in your stay (which in most times is cheaper per person). I highly recommend this hotel!!!!	
May 21 2008	Awesome service Stinky room	Just returned from a 3 day trip and if you are looking for convenience, this is the place to stay. The location is outstanding and the service/staff are exceptional. The only real &quot;turn-off&quot; was the odor in our room. It smelled of urine in the bedroom and bathroom and hit you in the face the moment you entered the room. I cannot believe the housekeeping staff didn't notice it immediately or they had no sense of smell. Housekeeping was called immediately and supposedly the room was re-cleaned while we were out to dinner. Upon return, the smell was still as pungent as ever. However, we were so exhausted from a red eye flight we just tolerated it and slept with the windows open. We were out all day and most of the evening the following day so we didn't insist on being relocated. Under different circumstances, especially a vacation, I would insist on another room as this odor was extreme. This hotel is very nice hotel and staff treats people well.	
May 21 2008 	NY NY central hotel	Very Centrally located Hotel, in the middle of the city and hustle and bustle. Subway sttion a 5 minute walk away, behind the property. Very busy hotel as you can imagine, room was good, well appointed and we had wifi connection at a daily rate. Great deli across the street. Try the carts outside for a quick lunch especailly the gyros plates. Expensive breakfast within the hotel, try the cafe/restaurant on the corner. Staff efficient and friendly	
May 15 2008 	Customer Service was Amazing	There are some great things about this hotel however the customer service by the convention team is exceptional. The rooms are quite nice but if you want a great room ask for one that is renovated. The only negative things are you have to pay for the fitness center, and it is not cheap and you cannot sit in the lobby lounge without ordering a drink or snack. That is just silly. You never have to wait very long for a taxi and the doormen are very attentive. Good hotel, good location, would recommend in the future.	
May 13 2008	At last a decent hotel room in New York	Stayed at the Hilton New York hotel (off 6th Avenue at 54th street) for three nights. Requested a refurbished room away from elevator noise and was pleasantly surprised with a great room on the 10th floor - room 1008. It was a corner room with two windows, so nice and light, and it had two double beds and a good amount of space.Even though we only spent a short amount of time in the room we found the beds comfy, the bathroom spotlessly clean and the room spacious enough for all of us and our big suitcases (harder to find in New York than I thought).Room also had tea and freshly brewed (not freeze dried) coffee making facilities plus a decent iron and hairdryer and an alarm clock radio that you can plug your ipod in to so you can listen to your own tunes.Hotel check in and out was quick, friendly and efficient.	
May 12 2008 	Great location nice rooms	Just got back from a girls' weekend in NY. We chose the NY Hilton because of the rate and location. Despite a few bumps, we were pleased with our stay.The rooms were relatively large and had updated linens; bathrooms pretty small (no counter space).Location was incredibly convenient; front desk staff was less than helpful. Housekeeping staff was very friendly and efficient; but the hotel charged $3.50 a bag to leave your luggage with bellman after check out.Starbucks in the lobby--nice plus. Drinks in the hotel bar--way over-priced (and small to boot!).It's NY--I expect things to be expensive but I don't like being nickled and dimed. I'd stay there again if I could get a good rate but it's no better than any of the other major chain hotels in the city.	
May 12 2008 	Great Location and Great NYC Hotel	The Hilton New York has a great location and is within walking distance to all tourist attractions. We took the bus in from PA and just used a cab from/to the Port Authority. We used the subway once to get to Battery Park and walked to everything else. We stayed here 4 days on the 40th floor. As Hilton Hhonors members we had access to the 44th floor Executive Lounge. One review said it was noisy on the 20th floor, well, you could hear horns beeping on the 40th floor too. This is NYC after all. The rooms were nice size for New York. Compared to other hotels in the city we've stayed at, this was comparable. This is an extremely busy hotel. The hotel lobby is a sea of humanity and I personally loved it. The fancy bar next to the elevators was always happening. Overall we had a great experience and will stay here again. The rates were comparable to other hotels in this level. I'm sure if you dropped your standars, you could find cheaper hotels, as easily as you could find higher priced ones.	
May 10 2008 	Perfect Location	This is in a perfect location within walking distance to the park, shopping, great resturants. A very easy location to stay at. The rooms are so so. Nothing fabulous, but big enough and everything you need.I would stay here again, especially for business	
May 8 2008 	Perfect Location in NYC	We stayed at the Hilton NY for 5 nights the last week in March. This is a huge hotel in a great location in Midtown. The room was very nice and very large for Manhattan. We have two children, ages 2 and 10 and we took a small toddler aerobed for the 2 year old and had no trouble finding a place for it. Our room was nice, clean but not extravagant. I can't imagine what else we would have needed though since we were mostly in the room for rest, shower, etc. Nice flat screen LARGE tv. Nice bathroom. Plenty of storage to unpack clothes for 4 people. The beds were good, but the bed at the Hilton in Sandestin was better (or maybe newer). We stayed on the renovated floor for Hilton Honors members and I saw nothing to really complain about. Others have mentioned the crowded halls and I did notice that there was always a housekeeper in the halls but I don't know why that should be annoying to anyone. I never thought it was loud at any point except in the lobby which was understandable. This is a BUSY hotel. There were loads and loads of people in the lobby at all times. Always a line for taxi's. Not a &quot;peace and quiet&quot; kind of place. But you honestly can't beat the location. If you LIKE Time Square atmosphere then you might be happy staying there but I liked being two blocks from &quot;everything&quot;. We did not eat at the hotel since there are millions of other options when eating in NY. There is a fabulous little deli-type place up 6th toward the Park on the opposite side of the street that was VERY good for take out and affordable - the calzones were delicious and the pasta was as good as any sit down place. We brought food back two nights instead of eating out (a bit easier with a tired two year old) and had a medium sized desk that pulled out and we used for a table. You can find much cheaper hotels in the area and next time we might try something else but I was really happy this time to have the extra room and the location. Most everyone was friendly (I think most New Yorkers are anyway) including the staff we encountered. I would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone. If you are very budget conscious then you might not want to shell that kind of money but truthfully it's not that expensive for NY standards. My parents stayed at Flatotel a few streets over and said it was much smaller but &quot;ok&quot; and was about half as much.	
May 8 2008 	Nothing Spectacular...	I had a bad feeling about this hotel when I was making my reservation. They were very unhelpful during that process and the three different people I spoke to were uneducated and check in policies and other information that any staff member should know about the hotel. The rooms are good size for NYC standards, clean and absolutely acceptable for sleeping and spending short periods of time. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom clean (although we did find a hair on the shower ceiling that never was removed our entire stay). We were SHOCKED to see that a bag of chex mix in the mini bar had expired over ONE YEAR ago! When we brought that to the attention of the hotel manager, all she could say was &quot;oh I'm so embarrased&quot;. I think you should be more than embarrased about something like that! The concierge was exceedingly unhelpful and I wouldn't trust a word he said. The room is poorly soundproofed. I am a heavy sleeper and was awakened multiple times each night by sirens and other street noise outside. Overall, the Hilton New York is a fine choice if you get a deal on your rate, but I would never pay the rack rate at this hotel.	
May 7 2008 	Great Location Good Overall Experience	I took my son to New York last weekend and was disappointed I could not find a decent hotel in Manhattan for less than $300. I searched the internet for the last 6 months and the best deal I found was here at the Hilton New York.What a great stay this turned out to be. First of all, the location is as close to ideal as possible if you are looking to stay in midtown. You are one block from Rockefeller Center, one block over from the shopping on 5th Ave, 2 blocks from Broadway and Central Park, and one block from the 7th Ave Subway station.Honestly, my son and I were in the hotel very little except to sleep, so we didn't have a lot of interaction with the staff. The interaction we did have was fine except for the exceptional service we got from the man who checked us in. I asked where a water fountain was or the location of the gift shop so my son could get some water in order to take some medicine. The clerk dropped what he was doing, went in the back and brought out two large glasses of water.The room was clean, the bathroom has seen its better days (a little worn), but it was clean. The bedding was plush and the bed was as comfortable as I have slept on in a hotel in a LONG time.All in all, the New York Hilton is very convenient, very comfortable. and a good choice for a New York stay in Midtown Manhattan.	
May 7 2008 	Excellent stay	Booked a last minute deal with hotel direct and was pleasantly surprised by Hilton.I arrived at 1:45pm ahead of the 3:00pm check-in and this wasn't a problem. As I had booked only the day before I got a good rate, but for a basic room. The lady on the front desk very kindly upgraded me to a king deluxe that was one of the newly refurbished rooms.Room was of a very good size for NYC. Not at all cramped, had ample drawer space and wardrobe space. The king sized bed was probably the most comfortable I've slept in. Drinks in the bar are priced as most hotel bars are, verging on expensive. I didn't eat in the restaurant, but did have a nacho snack in the bar that was very good.Location is excellent.Would definitely stay again.	
May 7 2008 	Small but Perfect	Stayed at the New York Hilton as part of a Hilton Club presentation to buy in to the new Hilton Club on 57th in NYC. As many other reviews have stated it is a very busy hotel. We checked in and were able to get one of the newly renovated rooms on the 16th floor. The room was very clean, nice view, nice Crabtree and Evelyn bathroom goodies. We had a &quot;deluxe queen&quot; room. The decor was nice, but the dresser was already showing signs of wear. The acutal space where the bed and side chair was probably about 9x9. The roll out desk was a nice feature as to not take up valuable space in the room. Safe in the top drawer under the plasma TV was a welcome feature. The bathroom was also on small side but had everything you needed. Plenty of closet space with hangers, good storage in dresser and bedside table. The bed was not as comfortable as I was hoping and needed many pillows to make it tolerable. Both bars in the hotel had great wine lists and generous pours on martini's. The staff that we encountered were all very pleasant and helpful. Overall a nice hotel and as others have stated this hotel is all about location location location. It is close to everything.	
May 6 2008 	Frantic	My wife and I stayed here while attending a Broadway show. The room was comfortable and what one would expect from a Hilton. That said, it is in New York and even 21 floors up the noise from the street was constant. I believe New York cab drivers have one hand on the horn at all times. They hotel tends to nickel and dime you with charges for things that, considering the rates, should be complementary.	
Apr 30 2008 	nice hotel comfortable beds staff unhelpful	We stayed at the Hilton for 3 nights. Overall a good stay and nice to come back to after a hard day's sightseeing.The staff weren't all that helpful and if I'd had any real problems I feel I might be writing a different review.The bathroom was a bit old and I was quite surprised to see that there was a suspicious grey ring around the bath I think due to age rather than lack of cleaning as the room and the rest of the bathroom were clean. No separate shower but a shower head over the bath tub which worked well most of the time. The beds were really comfortable and the room was fairly quiet.We didn't eat in the hotel, preferring to visit local diners etc., but we did have morning coffee from the Starbucks attached to the hotel which was handy.Overall a good hotel and a pleasant stay.	
Apr 28 2008 	Great Trip with my 10 year old!!!	I booked a long 4 night weekend in New York as a present for my 10 year old. The beds are amazingly comfortable. The service very friendly and helpful ( however we did encounter the cleaning lady who basically stalked us for tips, we learned to avoid her the days she worked - I think she was the only negative - and I know next time to just smile - but not look too friendly!). The best part of this hotel is the location - close to Broadway, Rockefeller Center, Time Square, Central Park - but also far enough that it was not too noisy. We booked an executive room which included Continental breakfast and afternoon snacks. We had an excellant view. I feel that I am relatively picky, and was very happy with my choice - which was mainly based on location.	
Apr 26 2008 	Nice hotel perfect location	My wife and I stayed here as part of a trip to visit family and see NYC. I had stayed here before on business and the location is outstanding. Within a couple of minutes walk you can be at Radio City, Rockefeller Center, and Carnegie Hall. A few more minutes walk and you're at Central Park, Columbus Square, Times Square, Broadway or shopping at Tiffany's, FAO Schwartz or many of the other famous shops in the city. .An inexpensive cab ride ($10?)will get you to Greenwich Village or Ground Zero or you can take the subway!Checking in and out was easy. I thought the cost was very reasonable ($250). It's important for people to realize that hotels in NYC are pricier than alot of other places. $200 will get a decent hotel room but its probably not going to be a spectacular room. From our room (which we thought was very nice) we had a little view to Central Park. Overall, the room was decent sized, certainly comfortable for the two of us. It was definitely clean. The decor is perhaps a little dated but the room had a flat panel TV and marble bath area so its not like its stuck back 20 years ago! The bed was very nice, and extremely comfortable. We didn't have any problems with noise at all. We got in quite late one night (after 1:00am) and had no problems sleeping in the next day. One of my cousins works very nearby and he met us one day after work to have a drink with us at the hotel bar. Drink prices ranged between $8-$15 so again perhaps a little higher than you might expect but the higher priced beverages were specialty items using high-end liquors so I didn't think it was out of line.Overall, the hotel was great. We caught a &quot;double points&quot; offer which is great since I'm a Hilton member. Really...everything was great and we had a fantastic time. I'd go back in a heartbeat and would highly recommend it to anyone. I think it would be tough to beat the price/value when you factor in the location and convenience.	
Apr 25 2008 	Great Time!	My mom, 2 sisters and I stayed at this hotel week of April 14th. We had the best time. I was nervous about the service after reading some of the reviews but the staff could not have been nicer. We got one of the rennovated rooms which was very nice, clean and the beds were comfortable. Yes, the hotel is crowded and you have to wait a little bit for the elevator. But seriously, this is New York! You're not in the middle of the countryside; there are people everywhere! I also wouldn't eat here. The prices are outrageous and there are so many other dining options in the city anyway. Heck, there's a Starbucks across the street where you can get a pastry and a coffee for less than half of what you'd spend at the hotel. All in all it was a great stay. You can't beat the location and the accomodations are very nice.	
Apr 23 2008 	Loved It	I just got back from a 3 night stay at the Hilton. I won the nights with my bid on Priceline for $135 a night, the day before I left. I ended up on the sixteen floor in what was a handicapped accessible room, it was very large. I went by myself and ended up in a room with two beds. Everything I needed was provided and was able to travel wherever I needed by either the subway which was just down on the corner, or by taxi. I grabbed some meals at the all night deli across the street, which was so nice for those times I needed to just go back to my room and rest my weary feet. I never had to wait more than 2 minutes for an elevator, and I didn't mind how busy the lobby was, cause what else can you expect it's New York City. I would certainly recommend this hotel to everyone, you are in a perfect location to everything and I felt so safe my whole trip being a woman there by myself.	
Apr 22 2008 	upgraded to a suite!	We stayed at the hilton last July. When we first got there it was early in the morning and room was not ready yet, so they took our baggage and put it in storage. Easy enough, that way you can go start your sightseeing. We didn't get back until 4pm and we were given a room on the top floor. As well we booked a standard room and were upgraded for free to a Suite overlooking central park!!! The room was excellent and clean. Being in a suite it included breakfast which was excellent with fresh fruits and breads. We had a wonderful stay and will be staying there again!	
Apr 22 2008 	Great hotel.. close to but not right in Times Square	I stayed at the Hilton New York on 6th Ave and 53rd. and it was great in every sense. The room looked new with good furniture.. bathroom was clean. the hotel has a great location and is convienient to Times Square. However, with it facing 6th ave. there is minimal noise compared to hotels on broadway.	
Apr 22 2008 	Hilton NY	Stayed at the Hilton NY from 4/15 until 4/18. This is a great hotel that is in the middle of everything. I was near all the things I wanted to do. The museum of modern art (MOMA) was around the block and Rockfeller was a short block or two walk. Times Square is also a couple of blocks away. I have been to NY at least 5/6 times in the last year and learn something new each time. This is my learn this trip. Buy the New York Pass not to be confused with the City pass, I believe they have 1, 3, or 7 day passes. They are worth it. You actually can go to all the museums, statue of liberty, Ellis Island, all the backstage tours (NBC, Rockefeller, Radio City, Carnegie and Madison Square Garden), Bronx Zoo, Madame Trussands and various other. If you plan right you can cover alot. I went on all the backstage tours in one day. This pass cout around $100 for three days and I ordered it online and picked up at the Planet Hollywood in Times Square. Also, you get $10 off each day at Planet Hollywood for food or purchases which is great. So staying at the Hilton was easy to get around. My only complaint is wi-fi which cost around $15 a day. I found a public library across from the Musuem of Modern Art which had free interent access that you can use, they also have a express internet computer that you can use for 15 minutes. You do not need to be a NY resident just talk to the worker at the desk around the computers.Enjoy.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great experience at the Hilton	My daughter and I spent 2 nights at the Hilton Hotel. We both had a very positive experience. The staff was professional, helpful and friendly. The room was well appointed, comfortable, and spotless. The location can't be beat. We walked everywhere. The elevator issue mentioned in previous emails was only an issue at around 5:30 on Friday evening. Otherwise, we did not notice any issues getting on the elevator. I suggest people try and avoid the elevator when the majority of guests are checking in with all of their luggage. I will definitely go back to the Hilton the next time I travel to NYC.	
Apr 19 2008 	Great stay - thanks to previous reviewers	The previous reviewers did an excellent job of describing their stay, so I'll try not to repeat their observations (which is difficult, because they are quite similar to mine). My stay was for four nights, beginning April 14. Check-in was quick and efficient. There was no line at the front desk (at approximately 3:00 p.m.), so I chose to deal with a real person at the desk rather than the computer available in the lobby. The clerk was quite courteous and first offered me a room on the 23rd floor. I asked if it was a refurbished one, to which the clerk said no and offered to place me in one on the 8th floor that was completed just over a month ago. I opted for that one, knowing I was trading any real view for essentially a new room. I noticed later that a separate line was available for HHonors members at the Blue and Silver levels and a completely separate check-in desk across the lobby for Diamond members. There's no cost to becoming an HHonors member, so I highly suggest doing so.The hotel lobby indeed reminded me of a busy airport terminal, just as other reviewers stated, so it wasn’t a surprise upon entering the massive lobby. My first experience with the elevators was not positive, but was due to my inattentiveness. I didn’t notice the elevators to the right were for floors 15 and above, while the ones on the left were for the lower floors. I naturally entered an elevator for the upper floors and had to take a round trip before entering a correct elevator. Having a room on a lower floor also made my elevator waiting time much more tolerable than those waiting for the upper floor elevators.My room was small, but nothing unusual for New York City. It looked newly furbished and indeed was comfortable. It could have been better designed in order to utilize the limited space more efficiently. For example, the desk and chair were situated near the front of the bathroom door, leaving a narrow clearance when entering the room. The bed was quite comfortable. Also handy were the flexible lights on the headboard, which allowed me to lie on the bed while using my laptop with the light shining directly on the keyboard. The only significant noise heard in my room was coming from the streets, but that’s to be expected in the big city. Probably my biggest issue was the $14.95 daily charge for wireless internet service; this is an outrage for a business-class hotel. Oh, please don’t forget to leave a nice tip for the housekeeper each day; they are the hardest workers in the whole hotel and deserve a little monetary recognition.Thanks to previous reviewers, I totally avoided the hotel restaurants and opted for numerous neighborhood establishments. I wasn’t adventurous enough to try the food from sidewalk carts. Several subway stations are available close to the hotel, so venturing to various neighborhoods was quite easy (I only got lost once on the subway, which is great for someone who gets lost in his own house). Remember to grab a handy map of Manhatan available at the concierge desk; it notes subway stations and lines, which you should study before venturing out. Check-out was quite smooth, probably because I did so at 5:00 a.m. Remember to check your final bill carefully before walking away from the front desk! I did so and noticed an erroneous $10.82 mini-bar charge (I never ever use mini-bars). The clerk promptly and courteously removed the charge upon my pointing out the error. In all, I had a perfectly fine stay at the Hilton and would return. I cannot over-emphasize my appreciation for previous reviewers, whose insights and suggestions allowed me to make informed choices.	
Apr 17 2008 	fantastic place to stay	we stayed at the hilton for 3 nights from the 11th april and i must say i could not say anything negative. When we arrived we checked in and were given a room on the 6th floor, we went to our room and found that someone was already occupying it, so we returned to the lobby and told them and they said that the room had been booked to us and they would send security up straight away.The people who had the room beore us had not taken their bags with them and left them there while they went shopping. The lady on the reception desk could not apologise enough and gave us another room on the excecutive floor at no extra cost, This room was on the 36th floor and was fab, the bed was so comfy and the room was well decorated, the bathroom was a good size and the view from the hotel window was stunning. This was our first trip to new york and it was great, we found an irish bar round the corner which did great food. Dont go to lindys restaurant its to expensive and the food is rubbish, needs gordon ramsay to pay a visit. There is so much to do, we shall deffinately go back and stop at the hilton. Great holiday.	
Apr 14 2008 	Hilton New York - Being realistic	Let me preface this review with telling you New York is like my second home. I live three hours away, but travel here one or twice a month, even more so at times, to enjoy the city - and have for years and years. I think what everyone looking for a review needs to be certain they realize is the NYC is a big place - lots of choices..if you choose a &quot;brand name&quot; large scale hotel (such as this Hilton) in midtown Manhattan this realistically is what you'll get:(1) Accessible location - Times Square, 5th Ave shopping, Rockefeller Center, multiple subway stations (53rd - C, E and B, Q, N, R) within a block (1, 3, 9) lines a block further. Theatre District and Central Park within a few blocks. Starbucks on every block and shopping on Madison Ave within a few more. Radio City across the street.(2) Clean, updated rooms of decent size for NYC - decent beds, dressers and good size closet space and a locked mini-bar. Bathrooms are a bit small, but clean, marble counters, good shower heads and pressure, very adequate and updated. Large mirrors in bath and full length mirrors on the closet doors. Towels are fluffy. Rooms range from standard fair to suites - so you have options. Although truth be said (from this Hilton honors member) the only time a suite is worth the money is for a long stay or if using for business purposes and the &quot;executive floors&quot; are never really worth the extra. Midtown location and demand at this convention type hotel make it fairly expensive - but remember it's NYC - it's the demand and the location. (3) There are several hotel bars and several restaurants - all convenient - but remember it's NYC....meaning average (if that) food, very expensive for quality and drinks are expensive. Even an import beer is $9.00 - but again....follow the mantra &lt;&lt;smile&gt;&gt; it's NYC! If you are going to spend $$ this city has a place for every palatte....street food...local places... (even hit the Astro one block north for a variety of simple/local food - reasonable, fast for breakfast and lunches). Get out of the hotel to eat - hotel restauants are last choice - especially in this city of endless choices in thre area and much more so beyond.(4) This Hilton is smack in midtown and hosts convention/meeting spaces - it's close to 2000 rooms - so be realistic, it's lobby will be spit-shined marble polished but as big and wide as an airport terminal; and it will have (at times) just as many people...which means long lines for everything...charging for luggage storage ($3.50 per) and lots and lots of service employees that are not trained to act as ambassadors to the city. Again...it's NYC - I have stayed here numerous times, you do get some helpful people and smiling staff and then you just get those that go about their jobs with no extra or any effort to the public.I travel alot and have stayed at many different hotels in the city - if you want more personalized service and interaction - there are hundreds of boutique or smaller hotels in this city. This Hilton is not one of them - just be realistic! Use the zip check in stations - there are multiple ones in the lobby; it's a good alternative to those long lines. Lower floors get you less wait time on elevators, make a request - and if not - then again, it's a very large, crowded hotel - waiting goes with the territory.(5) The good part of such a large, centrally located hotel such as this? Lots and lots of taxis at your disposal under a covered area and even better - within a block or two you can access the majority of subway lines to get anywhere in this city. It's a busy hotel - so it's populated, still, walking to and from the hotel (at most times) it is not a desolate (at night) - so that's plus. Overall, if you are looking for a great midtown location to many things (Central Park/shopping/theatre/tourist attractions/transportation) and don't mind being faceless - just want a clean, spacious room to sleep and shower in and go about your time seeing the city - this is not a bad choice. In all fairness - I have asked for extra towels and they were delivered in adequate time. I have asked the conceirge for assistance in a difficult reservation and got good service. I have had the door opened for me frequently from the door staff, and had my stored luggage mistagged, but we found it and even gave him a tip (which I'm sure he didn't expect) but then he proceded to carry my bags out front for me (which is not part of his job). So set your expectations realistically, know what you really got when you choose, and this Hilton most of the time will not disappoint.	
Apr 8 2008 	Good Choice	Good Choice in New York. Room was in good repair. My room didn't have an HDTV. Expensive.	
Apr 2 2008 	A good place to stay	Stayed here for a week after Easter. We found it to be a good place to stay with no real problems. There was a large conference going on at the time which made the lobby and lifts very busy but it was not a big problem. We just had to be patient when waiting for the lift.We did not use the dining facilities so cannot comment.The room was very clean and spacious. The bathroom was good with plenty of towels and such.For food we dined out at all times and can recommend Lou's cafe for omlettes, The gourmet Deli for the best toasted bagels and the chicken and rice on the corner of 53rd and 6th. This gyro food may not look good but the very long queues tell the truth. Try it, it is fantastic street food.We would go back and probably will.	
Mar 31 2008 	Bad Idea	This hotel was like a crowded airport the entire time. Do not stay here if you are looking for peace and quiet. The staff is rude, the prices are atrocious for food considering I make better Italian food at home. When I got to my room the mini bar was empty. I called down to the front desk three times before they finally fiilled it on the third day I was there. Then they had the nerve to charge me for it. When I called to report that they charged me for it, I called about 6 times. People passed me around on the phone and I actually got hung up on by the front desk. This hotel stay was a disaster and I will never stay here again. The only good thing was that the room was nice and the bed was really comfy. I give the staff a 2 out of 10, the restaurants and food a 2 out of 10, and the stay in general a 4 out of 10. To boot, there were high school kids staying there and they were running around like hooligans and messing with the elevators (which took 10 minutes to squeeze into) and the hotel staff did nothing about it. I had kids screaming and running up and down the hallways at 1 in the morning and they did nothing.	
Mar 29 2008 	Nice Stat at the Hilton New York	I recently stayed at the Hilton New York. I originally wanted to stay at the Hilton Times Square, but was only able to get into the Hilton New York. I stay at Hiltons to earn points and rewards.First of all, the hotel is extremely large. If you plan on staying here, there will be a lot of people going and coming all of the time. There were two major conventions going on while I was there. The hotel was booked at capacity for the nights that I was there. If you are looking for a smaller hotel, then this is not for you. I believe the hotel has a little under 2,000 rooms. I really didn't have much interaction with the front desk staff, so I cannot comment too much on how polite they were. When I checked out today, one of the ladies at reception complained to a colleague that they were going to be understaffed. They should probably be careful to not let customers hear comments like this. If you stay here, you should definitely ask for a renovated room. Thanks to other reviewers, I knew to do this. My room was very very nice. The bed is extremely comfortable -- I am very critical when it comes to beds. Room was very clean and well appointed. Bathroom only had a shower, which was fine for me, but maybe not for others. I'm sure they have rooms with tubs, but you may want to ask. Shower always had hot water and great pressure. Flat screen tv was in the room with a wide variety of channels to choose from. I would recommend asking for a room that is away from the elevator. Originally I was placed in room right next to the elevator. Though I couldn't hear the bell of the elevator I could hear it going up and down the shaft which would've mad me very crazy!! So, I asked for a room change and was given this immediately with no problems. Taxis are extremely easy to get her. They come into the drive all of the time. If you are going to use the subway you are close to two stops. The F Train and the B, D, and E Trains. If you take the F Train, make a left as you leave the hotel lobby. You will be there in 2-3 minutes. It's on Sixth Ave. If you need the B, D, and E Train, make a right out of the lobby and a right onto 52nd. (I think it is 52nd street. After you make a right out of the lobby onto Sixth Ave., it's the first street. Make another right onto this street.)You'll be there in about 3-4 minutes.I also used the bus that went up and down Sixth Ave. Theres a stop less than 1 minute from the hotel lobby. All hotel incendentals are extremely expensive. I did order room service several times. The food is fabulous. I waited no longer than 20 minutes to get my food. This was very expensive, but costs were well explained in the menu. I have to say the room service was the best that I've ever received. High quality and outstanding service. Just be warned .. very expensive. The hotel was very busy during my stay. I did have to wait a few minutes for the elevator, but never found this to be unbearable. They have different elevators for different levels. The most I waited for an elevator was about 3 minutes. TV in each elevator --- always on CNN. I enjoyed this. Across the street on Sixth Ave is a Deli. I went there instead of buying items from my hotel fridge. I saw a lady in the deli who was restocking her fridge with items she consumed the night before. Thought that was a good idea. I don't know how the hotel will handle this. I did use the business center on the second floor. $10.00 minimum for ten minutes of Internet/computer time. Each additional minute is $1.00. Computers extremely fast. I also noticed that they had a shipping center near the business center as well. I thought this was a nice touch. Room was cleaned each day. I didn't feel any pressure from the maid to leave a tip. I did however have a maid knock on my door and then open my door after I originally checked in. She wanted to make sure everything was okay. I wish she would've waited for me to answer the door. I know she just wanted to see if I was okay. I recommend calling for turn down service each night. Your room is straightened up and prepared for a good nights sleep. Chocolates are left on the pillow.Hotel is in a great area. Many great restaurants around. My room was on the 34th floor. This was a renovated floor. I could not hear street traffic, nor could I hear &quot;my neighbors&quot; next door. Floor was kept clean. I am often disappointed if the area outside of my room is messy. Room service plates were removed promptly. Whenever I called for customer service, I was always greeted by my name. I never had to wait on hold. All my needs were met. Overall, I had a very nice time at the hotel. I found the accomodations to be excellent. Again, it's a very large hotel, so be prepared for a lot of people. Once you are on your floor, there will not be many people. The Hilton New York was a pleasant surprise for me. After reading other reviews, I was uncertain. My stay exceeded my expectations and I would gladly stay here again.	
Mar 29 2008 	One to forget	During a December visit to New York we spent one night here.Thank goodness it was just one night.We were aware that it was a large hotel but have stayed in larger hotels in the Far East and still been made to feel a human being.It is totally souless and the entrance like being in an airport check in hall. The doormen take absolutely no notice of arriving guests. The check in staff seem to be robots having no interest in guests and simply going through the motions. The attitude seems to be - If the hotel creates a problem it is your problem do not tell us. We had an Executive Floor Room and it certainly left a lot to be desired. We actually telephoned and asked were we in an Executive Room because that was certainly not our impression. The hotel staff were less than pleased to receive our query.There were no dressing gowns or any of the touches normally associated with Club or Executive Rooms.The hotel was full and at breakfast in the Executive Lounge it was clear that they had far too many rooms termed as &quot;Executive&quot;. The room simply could not hold the guests and one had to stand in a long queue waiting to be seated.The choice was limited as we do not enjoy fried foods and especially those which are not fresh we ended up simply having fruit. Most certainly it was not worth the money and we would not return to this Hilton.	
Mar 28 2008 	Good location	I stayed in the Hilton last week for a conference. Yes, it was very crowded, and the elevators were a nightmare, but the facilities themselves were not bad. My room had been recently renovated, and I thought it was nice. Granite countertops, flatscreen tv, good bedlinens. I didn't hear any traffic noise, and I had worried about that. The location is great. I did have security stop me at the door and ask for a room key when I entered the hotel lobby after 9pm. The wireless internet was quite expensive, as was the hotel food, but there was a deli across the street.For a convention hotel, it was fine. I'd stay here again.	
Mar 28 2008 	Get a renovated room	I stayed in the Hilton Hotel as part of a conference. Reading through these reviews I guess it is true that it was busy because it is a conference hotel. However, I had a great time. My room was wonderful. Great bed, flat screen TV, corner so had two sets of windows (room 1609). I didn't find the elevator slow but maybe thats' because 15 and 16 are the first floors on the set of elevators I used. Service was fine, though it is true internet is expensive ($14) and checked baggage is absurd. On the other hand, there are lots of very reasonable restaurants within a block or two of the hotel. And I really like the fact you can easily walk to Times Square but you're in a much quieter location.I went to see August: Osage county (half price ticket.. at TKTS. don't get in the line for musicals) it was one of the best plays I've seen.	
Mar 27 2008 	Midtown Convenience	Stayed at the Hilton New York for a conference. My standard double room was well-sized and well-appointed with a desk, soft chair, mini-bar, tv cabinet, double closet, and bathroom with granite counters and floors. The rooms were clean and well-tended with daily refreshments of bathroom supplies. The mini-bar was rather pricey, at $8 for a domestic can of beer and $3.50 for a can of coke. The room had wireless internet access that will set you back $15 a day. The tv had about 40 channels, including HBO and HBO 2 and the usual ability to buy movies and games. I stayed on the 18th floor and was surprised at how quiet the hotel was--expecting a lot of street noise. Either there wasn't any, or the hotel has well-insulated glass. The hotel sits amidst a sea of skyscrapers, so there are no views other than more buildings. The hotel conference facilities were quite large and expansive across 3-4 floors as one might expect in a major city. The hotel is well-situated across the street from the Museum of Modern Art (MoMa), two blocks from Radio City Music Hall, and three blocks from Rockefeller Center, NBC studio tours, ice skating rink, and St. Patrick's Cathedral. A short walk to the west is Broadway and all of the theatre complexes around Times Square. A short walk to the north (about 5 blocks) is Central Park with the natural history and met about 20 blocks further. A short walk to the east is 5th Avenue and all of the high-end shopping (Tiffany's, Bergdorf's, FAO Schwartz, etc.). Location is the best attribute of this hotel, as the pricey nightly rate would indicate. If you stay at this hotel, there are several dining options nearby besides the overpriced hotel restaurants. The Global Kitchen, for example, across the street and down a block on 52nd has made-to-order omelettes and sandwiches for less than $8. If you arrive too early to check-in or have a late flight after check-out, the hotel has a complimentary baggage check service by the front door and taxi stand. Good experience here--I would come back.	
Mar 23 2008 	Stressful Hilton Weekend	We stayed here at the Hilton for a long, Easter weekend. The Hilton Club actually invited my husband and I to check out their new 57th Street property - and we tacked on an additional day to enjoy the city sites - - a good idea, you would think? Well, we were probably better off going home.The hotel is like Grand Central Station - especially the entire lobby area which was loaded with people, noise and NO security! Anyone could get into the hotel off the street and onto your floor without showing ID. We were never asked for a room key.The elevators were horrible. We were consistently waiting going up and going down for an available elevator. By the end of our stay, it was growing pretty old.The glorfied &quot;cafeteria-style restaurant&quot; was SO overpriced - - breakfast for our family of 3 was $76.00!! It was just breakfast!There was no free internet, I think the charge was something like $12 or 14 per day. Ugh.And let's not forget the $42/day we paid for parking. I needed a serious trip to the cash machine to take care of all the expenses on this little NYC getaway. (and i'm from NJ!!!)The finale of the stress was upon checkout. Before we decided to tack on an additional day, the gentleman at the front desk quoted us a $225 corporate rate. We get our bill and it says $299!!! It took about 20 minutes to settle this dispute that wasn't even our fault. The manager at the front desk was rude and completely didn't take our word for this rate. (Like we made it up??). Oh, and I even forgot about how we were locked out of our room because they had us checked out. We then had to go to the front desk and get new keys!Finally, everything's settled with the front desk, they finally honored our $225. We were going to finish up the rest of our double decker bus tour. We decide to check our luggage at the hotel. Would you believe the Hilton wanted to charge us $3.50 PER bag to store our luggage? Just what I needed to spend, another $14.At that point, I was like -- let's just go home. We all had enough of this Hilton hotel. I'll never stay at that hotel and ..and forget about even thinking of buying their time share property - the reason we came to the hotel in the first place. They were very rude and unaccomodating at the front desk. If you're looking to spend some time in NYC, do yourself a favor, stay somewhere else where you can be treated like a human being. Ugh!	
Mar 22 2008 	less than 4 star quality	Although the location was good, the hotel itself fell short in several ways. I was initially given a room that had styrofoam packing bits all over the floor. No apologies, just had to go down and get another key for a similar room on a lower floor. The second room was reasonably sized, clean, with an excellent bed and flat screen TV, somewhat cramped bathroom with loose shower door handle, and a rug and a few towels that were beginning to look worn. Service was good, but not special. The hotel was always bustling, with elevators slow and crowded. For the price, I would have expected more, even in Manhattan.	
Mar 21 2008 	good buffet bfast	We went with our children (9yo and 7yo) for a holiday weekend. It was really cold, so walking outside was tough. It's a great location. Saw the Rockettes...great location for that. We stayed at the upper floor, so we had complimentary bfast...which was great w/the kids.	
Mar 19 2008 	Completely unhelpful and rude	I was suffering from a bad cold at my last stay at the Hilton New York. I ordered food from a delivery service. I got a call from the concierge desk letting me know that the food was at the concierge desk for me to pick up. I asked if it could be delivered to my room and I was told no. In the time it took me to get out of bed and get fully dressed to go downstairs, I received a second call from the concierge desk (different person) basically giving me flack for making the driver wait for me and that the driver was about to leave with my order. I rushed down thinking the driver needed my signature or something. When I got there he just handed me the food and left. Besides not helping the situation, the first call from the concierge desk didn't tell me the driver was waiting and the second call I received was rude.I was very disappointed with the service I received. I pay extra to stay at a four star hotel for the service. The room wasn't even that great. It was small, one of the phones didn't work, there was still garbage from the previous patron when I checked in the room and it was incredibly noisy at night (not from outside noises - must have been some kind of service elevator). I will never stay here again and I'm a Hilton Gold member.	
Mar 19 2008 	Great Location - Great Price!	The Hilton New York is in a great location. 1 block from Radio City, Rockefeller Plaza, 5th Ave, and Broadway. Very close to Central Park. Access to several subway stations within 1-2 blocks. Also, if you are taking a cab, a quick (and cheap) cab ride to plenty of locations, including Penn Station ($10) and Grenwich Village ($10).Rooms are great - very modern and clean. Beds are extremely comfortable! Only problem was that the shower was very slow to drain. Would choose to stay here again.	
Mar 17 2008 	So - So	For $400 a night, I expected a little more. However, what you do get is pretty nice. First, the pros: FABULOUS beds!, flatscreen tv with free HBO, Internet access in room, hotel room service was super fast and VERY friendly, pretty bathroom, spacious, central location within walking distance of some great must-see NY sights, FABULOUS beds.Cons: too noisy (I know that in hotels you can usually hear a little bit of noise, but on the 29th floor, I shouldn't be able to hear car horns, nor should I be able to determine what movie my neighbor is watching because I can clearly hear the dialogue), one restaurant was closed, I couldn't find the other one (and no one answered the phone when I called - 3 times), 1 bar doesn't serve food, no complimentary breakfast (good thing their room service was terrific), Internet access is not free, no safe.All in all, I can't complain too much as this was a business trip. It just depends on what's important to you. :)	
Mar 16 2008	Good experience.	I was a little worried based on the mixed reviews previously posted. However, we asked for a renovated room, and found our room to be clean and comfortable. The crowds of people in the lobby gave it a casino-like atmosphere. Did not eat in the hotel as plenty of places to eat in the city.	
Mar 16 2008 	Absolutely perfect!	Just got back from 5 days at the Hilton New York and can only say it was perfect! The location and price cannot be beat and our standard room on the 32nd floor was great. The room was plenty big with two comfy beds and an extra sitting chair, flat screen, big bay window with sitting sill, mini bar, and plenty of closet and floor space. The bathroom was also adequate and had clever added storage space with in-set shelves and under the sink storage. Everything was clean and well-lit. The location is right by Radio City and Rockefeller Center, one block from St. Patrick's and Fifth Avenue shopping, and very convenient to Central Park. Broadway and Times Square are also walkable, but the hotel is far enough away to avoid the noise and hustle and bustle of those areas. The hotel staff was very friendly and the lobby bars are great. We highly recommend the Hilton New York and would return in a heart beat.	
Mar 13 2008	Needs a do-over!	I stayed at the New York Hilton for a conference. Check in was fine and quick; however, the desk clerk seemed to have her specific list of things to go over for guests checking in. Asking questions seemed to distract her from her main goal.I was given a room on the Executive Level, Room 4121. I was pretty disappointed. I expected something better for this class of room.Here were my concerns:1. All evening, there was a sound coming from the hallway that sounded like a cell phone vibrating. When I called the front desk, they told me it was the elevators. 2. The A/C in the room wouldnt work. I had to sleep all night with the windows open.3 The sound on the TV quit working at 10 PM.4. The faucet in the bathroom was loose and wobbly.Also, being on the executive level entitled you to free Internet access on the Executive Level lounge. This was not mentioned during check in; when I told the desk at check out that it was n;t part of the check in spiel, I was told &quot;Sorry.&quot;The food is way overpriced in the NY Marketplace.	
Mar 11 2008 	Ok hotel but overpriced	Stayed at the Hilton for 5 nights between Xmas and New Year. Arrived early at check in 2.30pm, after a 7 hour flight (and a 5 hour time difference) and were told our room wouldn't be ready until 3.30pm by a very rude employee. We waited in the very impressive lobby until our room was ready and heard numerous people complaining about things in the hotel to staff. When our room was ready we were pleased to find that we had one of the renovated rooms (which we did book) on the 16th floor, the room itself was spacious and clean, bathroom was great with a fantastic shower. Room was cleaned daily and beds made up. Breakfast was not provided so we went to the New York Marketplace within the hotel one morning, which is buffet style I would stay away from it, there are much better places to eat outside the hotel we paid over $60 dollars for the two of us for a couple of pancakes and a cooked breakfast. We ordered room service the first night of our arrival which was way overpriced also. The location of the Hilton is great with Times Square, Fifth Avenue, Central Park only five minutes away. Overall the hotel was clean and comfortable and probably would stay there again.	
Mar 8 2008 	Very Good for Hilton	We used American Express points to convert to Hilton Honors points. Room had been renovated. Great shower and bathroom.King size bed in deluxe room on 16th floor. A very good nights sleep. Very nice decor in rust and gold. Great TV and couch.Only negatives were:1. Previous nights coffee cups and glasses were left outside the doors in the entire hallways from 1 PM when I checked in until the following day at 11 AM when we checked out. 2. Maids hung around the hallway and in one room waiting for what appeared to be tips.3. Wooden furniture in the room was severly nicked in four places. 4. At this property, I was told that using points you can not get a room with breakfast included or on the club floor. Breakfast in the NY Market Restaurant was obscenely overpriced. Two coffees, one juice, two bagels with cream cheese and jelly was $30.00 plus tax and tip.	
Mar 7 2008 	Good location good rooms	The Hilton is well situated in the middle of Midtown, within walking distance of Central Park and Columbus Circle. Other neighborhoods are easily reached by cab or by bus. The room was large by New York standards and had been recently renovated with nice decor. There were Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries, which were a nice touch. The walls are a bit thin so it can be a bit noisy when people are in the halls. The lobby is small and has limited seating but I don't think this is a big issue. Check-in and out was quick and fairly friendly.	
Mar 7 2008 	Disappointing	Not a bad price for NY City, but the hotel room I stayed in does the Hilton chain no favours. The room decor was old and tired, a handle was missing from tone of he cabinets, and there were no complimentaries (except a shower cap), an indication of poor housekeeping. Staff on the desk were not particularly friendly.There are much better Hiltons in New York (notably the Hilton Times Square, if you want a similar mid-town location).	
Mar 5 2008 	Not the greatest hotel....but great location	Was definitely expecting better....queen bed instead of a king, hotel hallways were pretty beat up, and the bed wasn't super comfy. Also, no real temperature control, room was warm for us, even though on coolest setting. However--GREAT location, in the middle of ny, walking distance to museums, theater, central park and shopping, in the end, that made up for the mediocre hotel room.	
Feb 29 2008 	We Love the New York Hilton	We stayed at the New York Hilton for 5 nights from 16 February. This was our second 5 night stay there and we love it. We arrived at 12.30 p.m. and didn't think they would have a room for us. We were nicely surprised when they did and even more surprised when we saw the beautifully renovated room with a very comfortable king bed. Thank you Nati at reception. Our mini bar was not locked so we contacted reception and they sent someone immediately to seal it. The lobby bar is very pleasant. The drinks are expensive, but no more expensive than we found drinks anywhere in New York. They also have an excellent piano player in the lobby in the evenings. We love this hotel. Even though it is extremely big and busy we feel right at home at the New York Hilton. It is central to everything and we walked everywhere. The service is good and the staff are friendly and courteous. We will definitely be back.	
Feb 24 2008 	Good location but there are much better hotels for your dollar.	We stayed here , as we were attending the International Emmys, which were held in this hotel, however i would not have stayed here out of choice. Although the location is goood, slap bang between the theatres of Broadway and the shopping of Fifth Avenue, sadly the rooms are not. We had a suite, which was a good size. However, despite having requested a double bed, my husband and i were given a room with two single beds, being told that was all there was, with a like it or lump it kind of attitude - not the best customer service. The bathroom was miniscule, the toilet was squashed between the sink and wall, had we been an inch overweight we couldnt have seen how we could have sat on it and although there was a bath, it was the shallowest and smallest i'd ever seen, bathing was not a pleasant experience. This is not what you would expect from a suite in a Hilton, in short there are far better places to stay in NY, try the Michaelangelo or the Sofitel!	
Feb 18 2008 	Wonderful hotel at a great location	The Hilton New York is at a great location: close to 5th Avenue, an easy walk to the Broadway shows, and one-half block from the subway We arrived at the hotel in the late morning and were pleasantly surprised to be able to check in immediately. The desk clerk even upgraded us to a deluxe room (it was our wedding anniversary). The room, on the 14th floor, was beautifully furnished, had top-quality sheets, a wide-screen LCDTV, and a view of the corner of 6th Ave &amp; 53rd St. Everything appeared to be new, and the room was quite spacious. The room was equipped with a safe, a coffee maker, and a mini bar. This is a huge hotel, with almost 2000 rooms.The restaurants at the hotel seemed expensive to us, but Lou's Cafe, directly across 53rd from the hotel, is a clean, reasonably priced place for breakfast, and has excellent omelets. For really cheap eats, there are street vendors nearby where you can get a full meal of chicken, lamb, or beef for $5. Also, if you are willing to walk 3 (long) blocks to 9th Avenue, there is a wide choice of inexpensive restaurants lining the avenue. Three that we can recommend are Uncle Nick's (Greek), Pam Real Thai (49th W of 9th), and Oyishi (Japanese; 46th E of 9th).When we checked out, we were able to leave our bags at the hotel - there is an attended luggage checkroom that charges $3.50 per bag. This was very convenient, since our train did not leave until the evening.	
Feb 13 2008 	Dangerous Dirty Hallways	As Long Islanders we visit New York City a couple times a year over the last ten years for our theater fix. Sometimes we spend a night or two and usually stay at the mid-town Hilton on Sixth at 53rd. It’s location is perfect – an easy walk to the theaters, decent restaurants, Fifth Avenue shopping, Central Park, major museums, in a part of town that is busy at all hours.Although the hotel has never been an elegant or trendy “hotspot,” it has always been reliably pleasant and comfortable for us two old ladies -- I travel with my 80-year-old Mom. We love the facts the rooms are very quiet, the windows can be opened, the beds excellent. We always look forward to the beautiful cosmopolitans concocted by the fabulous bartenders at hotel’s Bridges Bar. The hotel is looking a little tired. The rooms definitely need freshening. That is easy to overlook because the hotel offers exactly what we need. But, it’s hard to overlook a housekeeping staff that needs freshening.During our last few stays we encountered hallways cluttered by huge green bins containing what seems to be laundry, many -- yes, many -- housekeeping carts and equipment blocking passage, service doors propped open revealing trash bins and debris guests need not see. The housekeeping staff indifferently clustered together in chatty groups as guests struggle to pass in the narrow hallways.Now, we understand the housekeeping staff has its tasks to do and the carts and equipment used cannot always be hidden away, but the stuff seemed to be in the halls at all times of the day, some of it never moving for the entire time of our stay! (And yes, we visit our room several times during the day and evening.) At first we dismissed these observations as a one-time exception, but now, after a couple more stays, it’s annoying and rude.We have always recommended this Hilton to family and friends, but now we hesitate. A friend joined us for our last stay on February 8, 2008. We booked a suite on the Executive Level. It was embarrassing. We had touted how perfect the hotel was and now we were crawling through a rubbish field to get to our room. Several of the housekeepers were literally leaning against the walls. Ironically, it was obvious the rug in our room hadn’t been vacuumed in a while. How sad. The Sheraton, Le Parker-Merdien, and several other hotels are within a block or two of the Hilton. Need I say more?	
Feb 12 2008 	Great Hotel and Location	We stayed in the hotel for 4 nights, Executive Floor (Rm 3539). I have absolutely nothing to complain about with this hotel. This was our first time there and had an excellent stay. Our room had 2 double beds, as we had requested. Our room wasn't one of the refurbished ones, but was more than satisfactory for our trip, clean and comfortable. Beds comfortable and wonderful Crabtree and Evelyn products in the bathroom. Good New York Views!!Staff were helpful and friendly. Continental Breakfast in the Executive Lounge was more than adequate, free tea/coffe through the day, and hot nibbles served and bar open in the evening. (This lounge is for Executive rooms people only, its worth it)Hotel pefectly located for all the main attractions, walking distance to Empire State, Grand Central Station, Rockafeller Centre, New York City Library, Broadway, and the shopping on 5th Ave and many more. Also close to the tour bus (i recommend the Grayline) tour guides were real new yorkers and certainly know their stuff. Numerous restaurants also within walking but I highly recomment the following - Teds Montanna Grill (order the Bison its fantastic), Del Fusco (expensive but worth it), Heartland Brewery (great for lunch and dinner). All these restaurants are within easy walking distance from the hotel.Taxi - we got a private taxi from the Newark airport (costed about ($75 all in) we got a yellow cab from the hotel to Newark and it cost us $86 - so the yellow cabs are not always cheaper?We flew continental Airlines - even though we were delayed, they were excellent - will fly with them again.	
Feb 2 2008 	Great for business travelers	I go to New York every other month for one night business trips. This is the second time that I have stayed here. It is perfect for the business traveler. I booked through Price line for about 1/3 of the going rates for midtown hotels so it was a great bargain.Check in was super fast at 3 p.m. My renovated room was clean, well appointed with flat screen and comfy bed. Bathroom was clean and well stocked. This is a huge business oriented/convention type of hotel. Not a lot of style or charm but very efficient. I needed to ship something home and they had a little post office on 2nd floor and did not charge over what the actual cost to ship was and they even wrapped the package etc for free.Staff was helpful,etc as needed. I would agree with a previous reviewer that there is no security in this building...anyone can walk in and walk right into the elevators which is a concern. Location is excellent. I block from subway, rockefeller center, 5th ave shops, broadway, MOMA, etc. In summary, great location and a clean, modern hotel at a great price. This is not always easy to find in New York. I've paid much more for much less in the city.	
Feb 1 2008 	Bad Security Uncooked chicken sausage no housekeeping service	Security: Anyone off the street can roam the sleeping room halls, get on the elevators &amp; in stairwells. No ID required, no key for elevator. Food: They served me chicken sausage that was raw in the middle.Housekeeping did not service my room.Bell staff: Argued constantly. The bellman wanted to use my computer case as a doorstop. When I said, no, the bellman argued with me. Security: When I called to check the ID of an employee wanting access to my room, the hotel had no way to check. After I complained at check out, the hotel reduced the charges on my bill. However, I would not ever go back. I was so glad to get out of there.	
Jan 25 2008 	Great location; decent value	Stayed one night on business. Great location for both business and tourism, particularly Broadway/Times Square. Room was pretty large by NYC standards, comfortable with plenty of amenities. Staff was helpful and polite.Price was good for this property at a rate of $229 before taxes, probably due to mid-January time frame. Would stay here again on business or pleasure.	
Jan 24 2008 	good location	I have been meaning to write this for some weeks now but as per usual life got in the way!We stayed here from the 23rd December till 28th December 2007.Our flight was badly delayed and we did not arrive in the hotel til 3am in the morning. I had phoned the hotel from London gatwick to tell them of our late arival and was told all was ok. Anyway we arrived checked in, went to our rooms, just normal ones (not executive) on the 9th floor, we had 2 rooms and our children were staying on the other side ot the corridor which was perfect.Rooms very clean and the most comfy beds I have ever slept in away from home! We had booked to have breakfast included which we thought would be easier so we could just get going in the morning without worrying where to go and eat. The first morning we were late for breakfast about 9 am and there was a rather large queue (about 20 minutes wait. But we got seated got our drinks and we were of to the buffet. Great buffet fresh fruit, bacon (no one does bacon like the americans do!), sausages, eggs in ayway you can imagine, cold meats, lots of pastries (heavenly) and bread, there was also salmon and stuff for the oriental market, they also had something called Birchers Muesli (this looked too much like vomit and therefor left it well alone!!)When we left I was confused as we had paid for breakfast I thought that was it, but we had to pay a service charge of about $15.00, I was not happy with this as it was self service all they brought us was drinks and cleared the table.When we returned in the evening the girls room had not ben made, a call to reception and the room was cleaned, the next day we had no towels, then they had no towels. When they used the hairdryer and the television was on they would loose all the electricity in their room. These were small things and they were very good at putting them straight more or less immediately but it was just a bit annoying. We also had no showergel, when we asked for this we got given more shampoo and conditioner (we are not very hairy people!!) so perhaps they do not use showergel, we have stayed in other Hiltons and we did get showergel anyway this is not very important. After the first morning we used to get down for breakfast by about 7 -7.15 am and there was no queue then. Eventhough it is a very large hotel it does not feel that way, there were always people around but you never felt overcrowded.The hotel is perfectly located for sight seeing, just a few blocks from Central Park, Times Square, subway stations and the main shopping areas. Lots of great delis around, go in to the pubs as the food is great and good value. We were in New York for Christmas, which was good fun, the skating rinks got very busy, everyone looking at the Rockefeller Tree you would not be able to move for the people, the shops obviously were very busy but it was a nice atmosphere. The Radio City show was mindblowing.All in all we had a great time. When we were due to leave we got our bills under our doors, please check them very carefully as they tried to charge us nearly double, it was only because I had the print outs from the UK we got the rate we had booked for. They also tried to charge us for no show on our first night! They also take payment on your credit card straight away, so you may need to extend your limit before you leave the UK. Reception was very helpful , and took off the charges they had added. but had we not checked the bill we would have had a shock when our visa bill arrived. I even persuaded them to take of the service charge for breakfast!! All in all we had a nice stay but if we come back I will look at other hotels first.	
Jan 20 2008 	Best Location-Great experience	I didnt notice that the place needed to be refurbished when we were there. It was Christmas and it was one of the warmest holidays on record. We walked every where and had the most amazing holiday ever.Pros for hotel is location, location, location. it's a Hilton-it's clean it's safe and it has everything you need at rates that are not going to keep you from having a great time. Cabs always ready for you outside but you are within walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, 5th Ave....when we were there we walked to Rockefeller Center and I dont remember it taking long. This is a walking city and you get your best experience if you limit your cab's and enjoy the city.Con's about hotel: I thought the restuarant was very over priced and food was only average. We ate there once because I had a coupon (much to my family's horror). Oh and here is a big problem. They charged per bag if you had a late flight after check out. I have never had this anywhere else and it wasnt cheap-and they didnt take cc-cash only and I had to use an expensive atm to get the money. Radio City Music Hall is across the street and there are many places to get food to bring back to hotel. We went and got a couple of amazing pizza's walking up to Times Square from hotel and brought them back. There is a deli up the street and many kinds of resturants on the street to get a bite.The gym was small but good and the spa service was great.I would recommend this hotel to people who are not very experienced traveler, or maybe nervous about navigating your self in NYC. Girls trips, or trips with kids would also benefit from a hotel that is so well situated.	
Jan 17 2008 	Location means everything	New York is still the greatest city to visit and the Hilton hotel on 6th ave and 53rd street is an excellent base. It is being refurbished at present and the new rooms are much nicer than the old ones. What it really has going for it is location. There is a subway closeby but you can also walk to many sights from the hotel. Well worth considering when visiting the Big apple.	
Jan 17 2008 	Disappointed Overall -- Not a Four-Star Property	We were very disappointed by this hotel. Its rooms, public facilities, and level of service matched that of a 3 or 3.5-Star hotel -- and fall well short of the 4-Star rating advertised.Although this massive hotel was not full, we were placed into a tiny room (601) that was in poor repair. The room itself was worn and tired. The hotel, while centrally located, was so enormous that everything felt very impersonal and very heavily used. We felt as though we were one of 3,500 guests there.The level of service was equally as disappointing as the rooms. After much difficulty trying, we were unable to use the fast check-out kiosks with our reservation and had to wait in a very long line to be processed manually. We later learned that there was mistakenly a $0.01 balance on our account, which prevented the kiosk from working for us.Although there was a 10-minute waiting line at the front desk, the front desk attendants showed no sense of urgency or interest in moving the line along. Several, in fact, simply lingered in the back watching the line.Overall, it was a very disappointing experience. Fortunately, we only stayed one night.	
Jan 16 2008 	Rennovated Rooms are Excellent!	Many might be turned away by the fact that this is a huge, old Hilton Hotel with literally thousands of rooms. You might be nicely surprised...If you are coming to NYC on business or pleasure and you know you don't need hotel amenities like a gym and restaurants, and all you need is a comfortable room, this is an excellent choice.The &quot;rennovated&quot; rooms at the Hilton are first-rate, with reasonable space that includes a huge desk and a couch, an LCD television, and a great bathroom with an excellent, insulated shower box, and not the usual dirty bath tub with a shower head. The shower head was really good, by the way.The location near Times Square is central and excellent. You can get taxis here even during rush hour when flagging one off the street may prove impossible.	
Jan 9 2008	Runs like a well oiled machine	Stayed here for two nights. Booking in was quick and easy. Our room was ready on the 44th floor. Had to change rooms because the window had been nailed shut and the room had yet to be upgraded. They did not have anything available on the executive floors so moved to the 7th floor. Lost the great view but gained fresh air. The staff were wonderful about any requests. The room had two queen beds, very comfortable. Great products in the clean bathroom. Flat screen t.v, mini bar, desk and chair with a coffee maker. The mini bar prices are high, $5 for a can of coke so I would suggest buying your beverages from the gift shop in the lobby. We ate in the bar and I can highly recommend the Sliders, delicious. Breakfast was good in the New York Marketplace. Starbucks is next door. The location is close to shoppingon 5th Ave. I found the Hilton to be great value and would suggest signing up for their points program so you can get the airline points as well.	
Jan 8 2008 	Unimpressed	Date: 8th January 2008Reviewer: Anne &amp; John Scott, Kinneff, Scotland.Date of Trip: 15 - 20 Dec 2007Early 2007 we booked two executive rooms in the New York Hilton for our trip to NYC in December. We chose this hotel because we had previously stayed at the Hilton Times Square and thought it was excellent. Big mistake I'm afraid. As I said, we booked two exec rooms and called the hotel 2 weeks prior to our trip to ensure that the rooms were ajoining or at least on the same floor. When we checked in at 44th floor reception we discovered our rooms were 10, yes 10 floors apart. Granted they did eventually find us two ajoining rooms on floor 35 but it should not have happened in the first place. We discovered that we could not use the telephone in our room because they did not swipe our credit card. Well, they did, but for the original room on floor 44 which was changed for a room on floor 35 but they did not cancel and reswipe or transfer the swipe to the substitute room.Breakfast was on floor 44 and was complimentory with the exec rooms. Trouble was, the place was too small and we had to join the queue along the 44th floor corridor (outside residents rooms) to get into the place. Once inside, it was plainly overcrowded. They did offer guests that if they wanted to take their breakfast back to their room then that was OK. Not for me I'm afraid, to juggle breakfast for 3 along the corridor and down 9 floors was too much.Finally they overcharged us two and a half grand for the stay but did amend this when their error was politely pointed out.All in all, NYC was great, Hilton on 6th Avenue not so great. The staff were courteous however and clearly overworked. I got the feeling the hotel could not cope with the mid December crowd.We will avoid this one next time.	
Jan 8 2008 	Good hotel in a great location	A very large hotel but not unfriendly. Drinks at the bars (and the mini bar) were expensive. We did not eat in the hotel as there was always a massive queue for breakfast - if breakfast is not included in your room rate, I would advise finding a diner nearby (there are plenty). The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable and the Business Centre has good facilities including internet access. The location just beside Radio City Music Hall could not be better for touring the city and there are plenty of yellow cabs to be had right at the hotel's front door. All in all, a decent hotel and I would stay there again.	
Jan 4 2008 	Plenty of Room in New York!!	My wife, daughter and myself came to New York for the New Year with warnings of &quot;rude people and small rooms&quot; ringing in our ears. The first thing that put paid to this myth was the size of our room. Not the largest I have ever stayed in but certainly much bigger than we expected and plenty bigger than anything normally associated with a big city hotel. The second myth was busted when my daughter fell ill to a 24 hour stomach bug shortly after we arrived (Nothing to do with hotel food!) The staff couldn't have been more helpful. They left us alone when we wanted and bent over backwards to help when we needed it, to the point where even one of the maids was advising us on what she gives her children to help them recover and made a real fuss of our daughter! Even room service were acccomating and adapted service when she was ready to eat again,All in all the Hotel was very good with excellent staff service and a great location for all the sights. We will definitley be staying there again.	
Jan 3 2008 	Loved the Hilton	We loved the Hilton from check-in to check-out! Tanya the registration clerk was great. She had 3 rooms available for us all on the same floor before 1pm. Elevators were no more than a 5 minute wait. Rooms nice size for NYC, nice renovated decor. One disappointment was that we had a handicap accessible room and the bathroom was a real problem with water running all over the entire floor, would never get this type of room again. Nice view of 6th Ave. A friendly guy in the elevator had extra coupons for a free breakfast at the MarketPlace and gave us 2, but the food was pretty bad on the buffett, thank goodness it was free. Service was great though, very nice waiter.A member of our party had taken ill the day of check-out and the Manager of the Day was very nice to let her stay in her room until 4pm without any extra charges while the rest of us finished up our shopping and sightseeing. The major drawback of this hotel would be the $3/bag charge for luggage storage. Never have we had to pay for luggaage storage in any of the other hotels we stayed in throughout the city. Hilton could really get rid of this charge and promote customer service!Location and the cleanliness were the 2 best aspects of the hotel.	
Jan 2 2008 	Great Hotel and great costumer service	I loved Hilton New York, It's an incredible location, it's a huge hotel (more than 2000 rooms), nice room, decent bathroom, comfy beds and great costumer service. The only cons is that this hotel is to busy (worst in Christmas days), to many time waiting elevators and 40 minutos waiting a table everyday for breakfast in Marketplace.	
Dec 30 2007 	very nice room	stayed for 5 nights,great hotel very central,staff very friendly.	
Dec 26 2007 	Beware of the self opening minibar and unwanted service visits	My husband and I recently took our annual December trip to NYC and we stayed at the Hilton New York on 53rd Street and 6th Avenue. We were immediately impressed by the spaciousness of our room. It was by far one of the biggest hotel rooms we have stayed in, while visiting NYC. We always take along a 6 pack of soft drinks and some granola bars for use in our hotel room, in case we get thirsty or hungry and need a quick refreshment. The trouble started our first night. We got back from having dinner and immediately saw the minibar was opened. I called down to the front desk and told them that someone was in our minibar when we were gone and we hadn't touched the thing because we have no need for it. The front desk associate told us she was making a note of it on our account and that nothing from the minibar would be charged to the room. About an hour later, my husband and I were resting on the bed and a guy, dressed in a service coat, walked right in to our room. He got almost the whole way in when we asked him what he was doing. He said he was there to service the minibar and would come back later. My husband told him there was no need because we hadn't taken anything out of it. The next morning we gone for a walk and had some lunch and when we got back, the maid had serviced the room. We were in the room resting, for a few hours, before our next trip out on the town and all of a sudden, the maid came walking into our room. She was almost to the bed when I noticed her and asked her what she was doing? She never answered me, just quickly apologized and left. Early the next morning, I got up and found the express check out sheet at the base of our door. I looked at the billing and what do you know, we were charged over $21 for a minibar we never used. I tried calling the front desk 4 times and each time, the operator disconnected me. I got dressed and went down to the front desk myself to explain what had been happening our entire stay. The front desk clerk was very quick with me and assured me that the charges had been taken off and nothing else would be charged to the room. Later that morning, my husband and I decided to go out for breakfast and take a quick walk around midtown before we'd check out of the hotel. When we returned to our room, once again someone had been in our room (and it was our checkout date, so there was no need for anyone to be in the room until we had officially checked out) once again, the minibar was opened, and the money we had lying on the desk had been taken. Nothing else in the room had been touched. The bed was still a mess and the towels were still on the floor in the bathroom. My husband and I immediately checked out of the hotel and we even waited in line to be sure we could talk to someone about the people who were in and out of our room during our stay and also about the minibar charges to our room that we never used. The front desk clerk wrote down our issues on a copy of our bill and assured us that nothing else would be charged to the room. This evening I checked my credit card account and what do you know, there's an extra charge on my card from Hilton New York for over $20 (minibar, I'm sure)! If you like feeling like you are sleeping at the &quot;Y&quot;, then you'll like this place, otherwise steer clear of this hotel, where the term &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; (and even a sign stating such) does not exist and the minibar magically opens by itself!	
Dec 26 2007 	OK	I stayed overnight at the hotel for a business meeting the morning after arrival.The hotel is a good 45 minutes from JFK. On the return, leaving two and half hours to get to my flight nearly had me staying another night. As a meeting location for out of town attendees, it is not a great choice for this one reason.Check in was somewhat impersonal. One has a choice of a line to get checked in by a person or using a credit card to do self-check in. I did that and got a message to check the desk for a package, so it was back into the line. My room was a typical nice hotel room. There were two queen beds, television, half dresser/TV cabinet, desk. There was a window seat and windows that looked out among the may tall buildings nearby. The bathroom was small but otherwise fine. There is wireless internet access in the room that worked in the meeting areas as well. The first experience with the TV was mildly negative. It came on fairly loudly, and there was a very nearly immediate response of knocking from the room next door to turn down the sound along with a verbal request to turn down the sound. It was too loud for me in the room so there was no reason not to turn it down, but it revealed that the walls are a bit thin, especially as I had no trouble hearing the spoken request.Our meetings were on the mezzanine level in a glass enclosed conference room. It was adequate, but the street noises intruded, and the area just outside the meeting room was relatively open to mezzanine level traffic. Food for the meeting was extravagent at meals with continuous snacks otherwise.The exercise facility is open 24 hours. Because I got in late from the West, I was there at 1 AM. It is well equipped with individual TV's at each piece of cardio equipment. Clean headphones were stacked on a shelf along with towels. It was lonely though, so I wondered if anyone was watching to make sure I didn't fall off my elliptical trainer. I did not try the indoor pool.Check out was painless. The hotel is across the street from Grand Central Station. Not being a New Yorker, I didn't realize that that was probably the faster and more reasonable way to go to the airport rather than by car.	
Dec 24 2007 	Christmas in New York = Beautiful!!	Although I understand this is a review about the hotel, I would also love to review the city!!!The Hilton New York was great. Not one problem. It's a Hilton, exactly what you'd expect. I didn't eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel, we just strolled down the streets and ate anywhere looked good. There is one street vendor who cooks up Greek food (gyros, souvlaki...) across the street from the hotel and you HAVE to try his food...awesome!! You might have to wait a bit though cause his line-ups are long, but well worth it. The staff was good and effecient. The rooms were perfect, clean and a good size. Nice flat panel t.v's and the most comfortable bed I think I've ever slept in. The soft duvet and pillows....ahhh...just what we needed after walking the city for 12 hrs!! The elevators were very quick - which you don't find in a lot of hotels ( I have no patience so I hate waiting for elevators). The locations was perfect for us. Close to Rockerfeller Center (which we wanted) and close enough to walk to Times Square &amp; Macy's (about 10-15 mins walk). We walked to both shows (Mamma Mia &amp; The Rockette Christmas Spectacular). You really won't need to taxi it anywhere unless you plan to visit the financial district (ground zero, statue of liberty)...I guess it depends on what you are going to New York to do. We shopped (a lot), watched a couple shows, skated at Rockerfeller Center, visited Top of the Rock, went to beautiful (and it is indeed beautiful) Bryant Park, Macy's, Central Station, Madison Square Gardens, &amp; basically that's all we had time for (3 days) and we didn't have to taxi it anywhere from the Hilton. We did take a short bike-taxi back to our hotel one day only cause our feet hurt so much after 2 full days of walking!! I can't wait to go back and visit other areas we didn't get to see. Bring good walking shoes!!I love NY...go....it's awesome.	
Dec 18 2007 	This place is huge! Good location.	Another business trip, this time for a large convention that was being held on the second floor of this huge hotel. On the way there, my cabbie told me this was the biggest hotel in NYC with 2000 rooms, TripAdvisor lists 1980 rooms, still amazing. And at different times, the lobby did seem like a small town unto itself. I had made my reservations through the organization that was putting on the convention for the rate of $385. I looked for cheaper hotels in the area that I might stay at for less, but couldn't find a rate lower than the group rate they had arranged. I would recommend staying on a Hilton Honors floor if you are in the program, they seemed to be less crowded and quieter. The rooms are pretty big considering its right in the city. My king-room on the 25th floor was nice with a view of Sixth Ave. Even 25 floors up the car horns and emergency sirens were audible until about 10 PM when traffic calmed down. Everything in the room was satisfactory (see pictures).In all my stay at this hotel was fine. I wouldn't normally pay the high price of the downtown hotel, but would stay outside the city. Since work was paying, and my event was actually at this hotel, I decided to stay.There is no pool at this hotel but a pretty good gym facility. The resturants in the lobby area are a nice convenience, but a sandwich platter and a drink will run you about $18. They also have a buffet lunch each weekday for about $18 until 2 PM. There are plenty of other resturants in the area both up and down 6th, plus plenty of street food, even in December, if that's your thing.I spent about three hours walking through Central Park before I checked out. I spent about 15- 20 minutes walking there from the Hilton straight up 6th. Some points in the park that are nearby are the horse and carriage rides (top of 6th), the Carosel, Wollman Rink, and Poet's Walk.	
Dec 12 2007 	Hilton still the best!!!	We stayed at the Hilton for a convention, and were given a &quot;special&quot; rate of $450 per night which is HUGE by NYC standards at this time of the year. We were in a deluxe king room which means it had been updated. When you step out of your bed, a low light is triggered by your feet to light the way so you don't stumble. The beds, as always, are like sleeping on a cloud in heaven. Coffee maker, hair dryer, nice toiletries by Crabtree &amp; Evelyn make the stay nicer. The Marketplace for breakfast is nothing special, but hey... u r in NYC, step outside the door and eat ANYTHING!!! The location is obviously PRIME. Getting a cab wasn't always so easy because we were competing (at times) with 4,000 other people there for same convention. The lobby is lovely, and the employees are always very nice and helpful. We did switch rooms after 1 night because the heat is on (obviously) for the hotel and we couldn't cool the room enough. So we moved to a room across the hall where we could crack the window just enough to be more comfortable. We stayed at the Sheraton on 7th last year.... YUCK!!!! We love HILTON!	
Nov 30 2007 	Incredible location we had a wonderful stay!	Although the Hilton is an older one in New York, it is kept remodeled and well furnished. The amenities are extremely nice and the service staff beyond reproach. It was a great place to &quot;come home to&quot; at the end of a tiring day of siteseeing or night at the theatre.This Hilton is my favorite in all of New York...and I've stayed at the posh Waldorf and the very modern Millenium. (In fact, my daughter became very emotional at the Millenium because it overlooks Ground Zero.) This Hilton is smack dab in the middle of Manhattan near all the theatres.And we got a very good rate booking through Broadway.com while purchasing show tickets to Wicked.Love it, love it, love it!	
Nov 30 2007 	Great Location for families with young kids	Stayed at the Hilton for 8 nights with our two kids (ages 8 &amp; 9). Great location, nice room and friendly staff. Yes it is expensive by Australian standards (A$500 per night for a room that would cost approx $250-$300 in Australia) but that is New York for you. It is well located for families as you can walk to Central Park, Times Square and Rockefeller Centre. We had a high room (around the 30th floor) and experienced no noise at all. Beds were very comfortable and the room was always well cleaned. Overall, a great experience at the Hilton New York.	
Nov 28 2007 	Good Location Mediocre/Overpriced Hotel	On the day we were to travel to New York for Thanksgiving, we learned that we could not stay with family members due to an illness. We thought it would be fun to stay near the Macy’s parade route and take our 2-year-old to the parade, so we chose the Hilton—which would also put us in a central location for visiting scattered family members. The location was great; we walked out to the parade, visited the Central Park Zoo, and took quick cab rides to other locations. The hotel itself, however, was mediocre and overpriced. Upon checking in, we were told that we had received a free upgrade. We were baffled by this information when we saw our tiny room with one queen bed (upgraded from what??). I had requested a crib for our son, and I phoned a few minutes before our arrival to ask if the crib could be ready for us, since it was around midnight. After some back-and-forth, the clerk said we were “all set”. Of course, there was no crib in the room when we got there, and it took about half an hour longer to arrive. There was barely enough room between the bed and the wall for the crib. Throughout the night (every night), a mysterious rumbling noise kept me awake (unseen freight elevator, maybe?). Our room rate included free American style breakfasts at the Marketplace restaurant. This was decent enough (except for the terrible coffee), and included things like bananas, yogurt cups, and small boxes of Cheerios that I could pocket for my son’s snacking needs. However, the stated value of the free breakfast was $30 per person, on which the gratuity was calculated. While I fully expect to tip the staff at a complementary meal, the price was ridiculous. On the 2nd day, the breakfast went from “decent” to “disappointing” as my husband got a moldy orange. These things happen, but again--$30 per person?? We skipped the breakfast on our third morning. I had been using the room’s minibar fridge to store milk for my son. The fridge door was crooked, and each day Housekeeping would apparently open the fridge, fail to close the wonky door properly, and leave the fridge cracked open. For $350-$400 a night, can my minibar have a door that’s not hanging off? Regarding the lobby and elevators, I chalked up the crowds to the holiday weekend. I see from other posts, however, that the long wait for elevators was not unique to Thanksgiving. We enjoyed being in midtown, and didn’t encounter any major horrors with the hotel, but I would try someplace else if I stayed in midtown again.	
Nov 26 2007 	Wonderful as Always	This hotel is wonderful. Traveling with 3 teenage girls. Checked in from another hotel (Doubletree-bad stay). They upgraded us to the top floor with an awesome view of the city and partial of Central Park. Our room was a deluxe and extremely roomy. Oversized for New York standards. They gave us complimentary full breakfast each morning. Clean and helpful. Could not have asked for more.	
Nov 23 2007	Excellent location. Ok hotel.	The location is excellent and within walking distance of many restaurants, stores, and events. The hotel room is ok...nothing great. The bathroom is extremely small with absolutely no counter space. The room is small as well but about average size for NYC. The bed was comfortable and the room was acceptably clean. The hotel is very busy and crowded. We waited up to 20 minutes on multiple occasions for an elevator. Since we were on the 16th floor it was a little difficult to take the stairs each time. The check-in staff was very average...not pleasant but not really rude. There is a Starbuck's in the hotel but the line was always too long. We ate one time in the restaurant and the food was very mediocre and overpriced. They do have two nice bars. One is great for people-watching and the other is a perfect escape. Nothing about our stay was outstanding but we would probably stay here again if the price was right.	
Nov 22 2007 	Great place to stay	Wonderful hotel close to everything. there were lines at check in but they had a Hilton honors line. That line also had a couple in front of us so a gentleman told us to go over to the Hilton diamond desk. We were checked in promptly to executive level floor 39.In previous reviews there were concerns about the elevators and the wait time. The longest time we had to wait was approximately 2min. I didn't feel the elevator was an issue at all. They have executive level only elevators, so you can by-pass the first 33 floors.The complimentary breakfast and evening snacks were OK. There was nothing hot in the morning just carbs (cereal , breads and fruits). The evening was good but not outstanding. I guess I would not do the executive level for the lounge. For the extra charge per room you felt like you really needed to utilize it and there are so many better food options in New York city. But an argument for the executive level is the wonderful view, Awesome!!!! We had a peak of central park and the river.The room was very comfortable similar to other Hilton's we have stayed at. We had a wonderful time and enjoyed all the people we encountered, great place to stay.	
Nov 22 2007 	so so at the Hilton	I was in New York for a conference and the Hilton was one of the convention hotels. I loved the location. The room was very nice-comfy beds, not much of a view. What really drove me crazy was the thermostat which could not be lowered although it appeared you could set it it seemed automatical and I find 20 degrees centigrade too warm for the night! I also found service very impersonal. When I phoned ahead they were very helpful as was my initial clerk when we checked in. but there just seemed a bit of sterility about everything. Also as someone else noted the elevators took forever! The convention rate was so reasonable I can't complain but if I had to pay regular rates I don't think I would hurry back!	
Nov 19 2007 	Dreadful - Overpriced 	This was a really disappointing experience. My colleague and I spent nearly a week there for work and could not wait to leave. Our main issue was that we paid a signficant room rate (nearly $600 a night each for an Exec Floor room) and got none of the basics we expect. Our main issues:1 - It was far too busy so we felt like we were in a railway station all the time... it meant no-one helped us with our bags and everything from the lifts to checking in was slow 2 - Excessive charging - eg, desktop net access in the business centre ($1 per minute), $3.50 per bag for storage which was on a lower floor meaning we had to lug our bags back up to the foyer on departure. Really galling given the room rate!3 - Inconsistent service - especially in the bar and in housekeeping4 - Lack of consistently available wireless net access5 - The food was inedible... my colleague tried the eggs benedict in the restaurant early into our trip and was unable to eat any of her meal.. I tried it and understood.. eggs drowned in a bitter cheesy processed sauce... dreadful given the price.We did have reasonable views uptown to Central Park, but that was about the only positive comment we would make.We have learnt our lesson.. next time we will go boutique hotel and forgo the brand-names as clearly they don't mean quality.	
Nov 18 2007 	Nice hotel a bit busy	I arrived at the hotel around 11AM and despite a top-tiered HHonors member, I was unable to check-in as my room is not ready until 3PM. Later in the day, I came back and a newly furnished room was ready for us. We were given vouchers for continental breakfast at the Market Place restaurant.The Hilton New York is quite a busy hotel with lots of guests check-in. The lobby sometimes feels like a zoo. Although the lifts are separated by levels, they are small and crowded at times. The twins room that we had was surprisingly large and bright. In addition to the bed lamps, we have 2 overhead bed lamps and a LED reading light per bed. The room is completed with a armchair and ottoman. The desk also have place for a 32&quot; Phillips LCD TV with integrated Nintendo 64 game console. The twins bed are comfy if not a bit on the soft side.The bathroom is not huge but is a good size and does not feels claustrophobic like the other NY hotels. The CrabTree &amp; Evelyn amenities are again ever present here.The Market Place restaurant breakfast is a bit pricey at $24 but if you have a Continental voucher, you can upgrade to the full breakfast for $7. If not, there is a Starbucks right inside the property.The location is not as good as the W or Westin Times Square but still it is a short walk to the premise if you like. However, it is a few blocks from Central Park so that you can get a little fresh air or have a picnic lunch.The Hilton is a good hotel if you can score one of the newly furnished room. A much better choice then the Sheraton Hotels and Towers nearby.	
Nov 16 2007 	Excellent Place to stay in NYC	I stayed at the Hilton New York for five nights at the end of October and I really loved the hotel. My friend and I shared a room with two double beds and found it to be very spacious - the beds and linen are amazing and if you are in NYC as a tourist you will do a lot of walking, we were really busy every day and getting into those beds every night was amazing - coming home my own bed seems quite disappointing.We didn't eat at the hotel so I can't comment on the restaurants or the breakfast - the location is just brilliant so there's no need to breakfast at the hotel, and there is a fab place across the street (Lou's place) that had a really good selection, inc veggie. (my favourite breakfast was at Cafe Bari in Soho - highly recommended)Check-in wasn't very informative and I didn't really like check-out as the bill had been put under our door in the morning and our credit cards already charged - obviously I'm British so this isn't really considered polite service and i would certainly prefer to confirm the bill is correct before it is charged. On that note be aware that there are three different taxes on top of your room rate and a daily room cleaning fee that we were not aware of - this added a lot to our bill (400 GBP) so you should check your total rate at check-in.I found the concierge and the doormen and security all to be fabulous.Security is good, we felt very safe at the Hilton, you can't get lost, it's easy to find, you're not far from anything, so while it isn't cheap i would pay the price again for all of the benefits it provided. It's great to walk out and be in the middle of everything whilst avoiding the madness of Times Sq)I couldn't have had a better holiday in NYC and can't wait to get back there!Some of the reviews I'd read before going made me feel very uncertain about my hotel choice - having been there now I'm not sure what people expect from a hotel in the centre of a large city - the rooms were spacious, the hotel very clean, the beds very comfortable. I don't go to a hotel to sit in the Lobby and don't time the elevators, and don't care how many people are staying there as long as they don't bother me. Of course if you want personalised service, and staff to know your name, a quiet lobby to sit in and talk to other guests, you should probably go to a B&amp;B - you might find that NYC is not the place for you at all as you won't get friendly attentive service anywhere you go and you will feel quite anonymous - all part of the thrill of a city which I totally loved!In relation to comments in other reviews - we had wonderful weather so I didn't get the chance to ask the front desk for an umbrella!!!To summarise this hotel compares well to any central hotel of it's class in any of the capital cities I've visited and the rooms were far more spacious than is usual.	
Nov 15 2007 	Fabulous location	Stayed three night at the New York Hilton on 6th Avenue. This was my second visit to the Hotel having visited five years earlier.The hotel is in a fabulous spot for sightseeing and for getting around New York. It is close to Times Square and Broadway and all the main attractions.The hotel represents excellent value for money. The rooms are spacious, very clean and of a high standard. The restaurant serves wonderful breakfasts and overall the service was of a very high standard.I would highly recommend this hotel for familes as well as couples.	
Nov 15 2007 	Very little to fault	Immaculate, beautiful spacious room (for New York), two good bars, eat your breakfast out in one of the many coffee house/ delis it's much cheaper and is far more of an experience,(breakfast in the hotel was very good ,just expensive).Great location easy walking distance to central park, T- square, rockerfeller centre, shopping on 4th, 5th and 6th avenue and also Grand Central Staion and the Chrysler building. Under a 10 minute walk to most of the broadway shows and about one minute from Radio City Music Hall - who could ask for more.Only one slight criticism.......do not leave your bags with the luggage room when you check out! We didn't even think ...we checked out at 9am and we didn't need to leave for the airport until 4pm, so we checked our bags with them while we went shopping. When we collected we were faced with a $17.50 bill yes thats right £17.50 plus tip to store 3 bags for 6 hours!!!!! It's a private company - no one tells you that, we were disgusted we paid a £1000 hotel bill and then had to pay for our luggage to be stored - not amused! Check out the options before you call the bell boy!	
Nov 13 2007	Service is THE WORST	The rooms are fine but the service is truly awful. I ordered a single glass of wine and had to wait a full hour for it to arrive. When I called after 40 minutes to check on it I had to wait on hold for 5 minutes to even speak to someone. When I called the manager to complain I waited forever on hold after asking the front desk to speak with one and no one ever picked up. This hotel is huge and impersonal, but also seems severely understaffed. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else - you can find a much better hotel for $400+ per night.	
Nov 12 2007 	Better Than I Thought It Would Be!	After reading several reviews, I was quite nervous about booking here, especially if I didn't get the guarantee that I'd be getting an renovated suite. I booked directly though the Hilton site and left a comment in my reservation that I wanted a King suite that was newly renovated (at the time of booking, all that was available was a Queen). My husband and I checked in on Fri. Nov. 2, the weekend of the NYC Marathon, and although the lobby and streets were RAMMED full of people, I was swiftly checked in, and placed in a renovated room (3202). Very very courteous and friendly staff. The room did not disappoint, superb quality, flat-panel tv, softest bed, clean linens, great Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries. The highlight of the trip was checking out on the Sunday...my husband and I had done a bit too much partying the night before and we wanted a sleep in, so we didn't want to check out at noon - we called the front desk, who told us we could check out at 1pm with no extra fee since it was the Sunday when clocks went back, and a lot of guests experienced confusion. I told the front desk we'd probably end up checking out later than that, and they told me I'd have to pay an hourly fee (which was fine). We finally checked out at 3pm, and they didn't charge us! They said &quot;don't worry about it, have a great day&quot;!! AMAZING! Oh, concierge staff are excellent - I told them I wanted to eat at a Thai place in the East Village, and within seconds I was recommended an amazing place. Would stay here again!	
Nov 12 2007 	Excellent Stay	Having arrived in the evening the lady at Reception was perfunctionary = efficient and I was i my room in no time. I was somewhat woried after reading some reviews, bu I was very happy with the room. Almost as spacious as the Conrad in HK. All the ammenities were spot on, flat screen was clear and crisp, room very clean and the bed just snugled me up.The bathroom was a bit dated, but everything worked fine and immaculate.I never notice the noise the 5 days I was there, great base for exploring the area. I never tried Concierge other than for a free map or any of the other facilities.Really loved my stay &amp; would even stay here again. I stayed at the Millenium Hilton several days later but this one was better, the room anyway.The hotel is very busy, the Reception desk etc.. is busy, but I never had an issue with it, just one of those things.	
