Nov 25 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Location Nothing too special	Stayed here on my first trip to NYC for 3 nights. Was expecting a little more. The location is great with beautiful views from our window in the spacious enough room. We looked over the tree tops of central park &amp; to the side could also see broadway snaking it's way down toward the theatre district. It's perfect for 2 adults, but those with kids might want a little more room. The hotel bar is not really a bar, but hey all you want to do is head out and explor ethis great city. For the price we paid approx. €340 per night room only is was not as good as 5 * hotels in Ireland. If I were travelling again I would stay lower around 34th ot 42nd streets. Central park was amazing, the weather that week starting 23rd Sept. was beautiful, so we saw NYC in all it's splendour. Any visitor for the first time don't miss Bryant Park close to times square, Rockafella Centre &amp; Observatory &amp; also Battery park. Battery park bar &amp; Grill on the water's edge cannot be missed with stunning views of the hudson &amp; statue of liberty. Overall this hotel was lovely, a pleasant stay but lacked a little life. The decor was a bit old fashioned and not that modern.	
Nov 24 2009 	christmas get away	absolutely fabulous hotel ...had a great time perfect location over looking central park wow!!	
Nov 14 2009 	a must do	Everyone speaks about the staff and the location- and rightly so. The staff are so warm and friendly unlike what I expected. Their attention to detail is impressive. The location is so perfectly new York, just steps from the park and Columbus Circle. Having Wholefoods so close by is a total bonus, this store is amazing. The rooms however are very small. In the basic room, it would have been very squeezy for 2 people as one persons head would be so close to the desk, its actually dangerous. At this price, a queen bed is not good enough. The amenities, incl lush robes and kitchenette however are lovely but the bathroom is so tiny, you have to step back to close the door fully. Please do something about having a decent size hairdryer. Again for this level hotel and the rates, these small cheap hairdryers are not good.Thanks to Lincoln Limousines for fantastic service from and then back to the airport.	
Nov 13 2009 	Absolutely fantastic	This was a surprise birthday gift for my husband. The location of the hotel is superb.We were on the 16th floor so the views overlooking Central Park were spectacular,especially at this time of the year. The staff couldnt do enough for us and the room was very luxurious with its own kitchen! The facilities were great, although regretably we didnt get to use the gym or pool.Perhaps when we return!	
Nov 5 2009 	Love the location love this hotel	Quiet, discreet, first class. Across the street is Central Park. In the other directions is Starbucks, and Whole Foods. The casual Jean George restaurant is wonderful for lunch or dinner. From this hotel you can walk to the theater and tons of wonderful restaurants. Fifth Avenue and Madison Ave. are minutes away. Bring your walking shoes and you'll never need a taxi.	
Nov 2 2009 	The definition of class!	I was lucky enough to stay at the Trump Hotel for a business trip last week. Every element of my stay was thought-out. My room had an amazing view of the park, the food was amazing, and even the meeting rooms were well stocked and attended to. If you're a business traveler looking for a way to add a little bit of luxury to an otherwise dreary and boring trip, I recommend you stay here.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great stay.	We stayed in the executive city view suite for one week. Excellent room with a well equiped kitchen. It was perfect for us because we needed to feed our toddler in the room sometimes. I found the bathroom a little small for the size of the suite. Also the water was kind of clogged in the tub. This was the only problem I had, though.The staff at the hotel were always smiling and kind. We enjoyed the dinner at the restaurant in the first floor. Actually we thought about eating at Jean Georges, but the concierge told us that the food came from the same kitchen and it's just a personal choice if you want to dine formal or casual. As we wanted to have a casual evening ( one of our friends didn't bring a fancy outfit either), we had a dinner at Nougatine. A very pleasant evening.Oh, I have to mention the funniest thing about this hotel. The free water bottle we found everywhere in the hotel, which has a picture of Mr. Trump! This water was hilarious. I think that was almost cute. I took one for a souveniour.	
Oct 6 2009 	Location location location..	Ok, it's hard not to love a spot on Central Park. The service was impeccable, the location perfect, I guess my only quibble would be size of the rooms.. was expecting larger but what the heck.. the carriage ride in the park made up for it.	
Sep 27 2009 	great location and service	Our room was not very large, and I certainly wouldn't want anything much smaller for four nights. The staff were excellent, I had expected a kitchen but when we were shown to our room it didn't have one, when I pointed this out they immediately cleared a kitchen adjacent to our room for our use. When we asked for directions from the concierge he arranged the use of the in- house car to take us where we wanted to go. We did have a problem with very noisy guests having a party in the next room one night, but when we told the front desk the noise stopped within minutes.Our room was well equipped with plenty of toiletries and we were brought complimentary tea &amp; coffee when we arrived. We were on the 10th floor and had a great view of Central Park and the skyline.The bed was possibly the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The hotel is adjacent to the Columbus Circle subway and is well placed for shopping and restaurants. For the price we paid (special offer of $417 per night + taxes) this was a very good experience.	
Sep 22 2009	Couldnt fault it	Myself and my brother stayed in this hotel in September of this year for 1 week. We couldnt fault the hotel, the room was immaculate, service impeccable and facilities spot on. The location was great- at the entrance to Central Park. The rooms were very well sound proofed- absolute silence all day. Room ammenities included 2 walk in closests, full kitchen, bathroom with jacuzzi bath, robes, slippers, iron/ ironing board, complimentary newspapers delivered in a trump bag each morning, free water and chocolates each evening, Strawberries with Tuxedo icing on arrival, TV, DVD, CD player, fax machine, desk with paper and magnifying glass. These guys literally thought of everything.The pool and spa facilities were also fantastic. Will defanitely return.	
Sep 2 2009 	The service makes this hotel what it is	My wife and I stayed at the Trump in late August. We booked through Amex platinum and also took advantage of a 3rd night free promotion.Location: Fantastic location. I lived in NYC for 10 years and knew that the location would be good, but I don't think I appreciated it until I finally got around to staying here (I tend to hop around hotels a lot depending on business vs. pleasure and prevailing rates). You've got Central Park outside the front door, the Time Warner Center with a Whole Foods for snacks/quick meals, great subway access at Columbus Circle (and the N/R at 57th &amp; 7th). Rooms: We booked the cheapest room available and were upgraded (through Amex) to a room facing central park. The room was very spacious with lots of storage, a walk-in closet, and a nicely appointed kitchenette. As others have pointed out, the bathroom was very small compared to the size of the room. Also, we had a queen bed when a king bed could have easily fit the space. Decor is somewhat dated. They had free bottled water everywhere (Trump Ice mostly ; I joked that maybe they're just trying to get rid of it) and great chocolates on arrival and turn down.Food/amenities: We had two $25 breakfast vouchers through Amex and ate breakfast all three mornings. The food was very good although it took a long time for the food to come out all three mornings. Because of the high prices ($8 for two links of breakfast sausage) I wouldn't have eaten here except that it was included. But, it was good. We went to the gym/spa a few times. They have a nice lap pool (oddly, with a rather bored looking but very nice lifeguard) and the fitness equipment was great. The locker rooms looked outdated but the steam/sauna worked very well and there were plenty of towels and robes. My wife got a stone massage pedicure (had a $100 spa credit through Amex) and said that she enjoyed it quite a bit.Service: As noted in some other reviews, there is one thing that differentiates this hotel from its peers; the service. There were always several people at the door waiting to help. Always someone in the lobby waiting to help. Housekeeping did an awesome job keeping things tidy. Lots of gym attendants to help if you needed it. Overall: I may finally settle down and stay here whenever I visit NY. Great value relative to the cost and the staff and location were terrific. It wasn't at all what I was expecting and I mean that in the best way possible.	
Aug 23 2009 	Disappointed	I travelled to New York for a long weekend. It was my 40th birthday present from my hysband and we really pushed the boat out. We flew from London to New York first class and I spent weeks agonising over the best hotel in NY. I finally settled on Trump Tower for location and the spectacular views of Central Park.We checked in late and were given a room on the third floor with no view at all really although we had paid for a deluxe CP view room. I asked at Reception if we could change the room and was told no. The staff were polite but it was very clear money talks!! I felt that unless you were a celebrity/millionaire expect to get a mediocre room and service to match.Room service was not just expensive but extortionate and even if I was a millionaire I would not have paid $5.00 for a kit-kat or $12.00 for a bowl of cereal. Overall the room was nice (and the bed superb, it was like sleeping in a cocoon of feathers) however it wasnt worth $600 per night. With no view it could have been any nice hotel anywhere.Definitely not what I was expecting and desparately disappointing for our special trip!(P.S. I did provide feedback to the hotel but did not get any response)	
Aug 22 2009 	Quietly luxurious in New York	We were in New York ,August 5-9 and had the pleasure of staying at this hotel.My family and found the physical surroundings in good condition ,the plumbing was good, in suite safe worked, television worked etc. The location at the door step to Central Park and being so close to Broadway was another added bonus.What really sets this hotel apart from other hotels in this luxury segment is the people. From the moment we arrived, the staff went above and beyond to meet our needs,with professionalism and human kindness.The hotel staff met you with a smile and a greeting ,even when they were busy. These folks cared,not just for the tips but gave me and every one else that little extra. My daughter misplaced her travel stuffed bear,we searched the room twice, could not find it anywhere. Phoned house keeping about our problem and within five minutes he was back ,delivered on a pillowA JOB WELL DONEThe hotel was quiet, quite an accomplishment in the heart of the traffic.The hotel is located right on the southwest corner of Central Park, perfect walking distance from everything- Broadway and Times Square, shopping on 5th Ave and the Garment District, restaurants on 9th Ave, the Hudson River to the west, and directly across the street from a large mall , The Shops at Columbus, with a Whole Foods store- perfect for snacks or meals, and a book store. Thank You	
Aug 20 2009 	Superb Location Impeccable Service	After having travelled to NYC over the years on business, I decided it was time to show the family around. Had previously stayed at The NY Palace, Grand Hyatt, Barclay Intercontinental and Millenium Hilton downtown. The NY Palace is perhaps the closest in stature to the Trump with the others being relatively cheaper business hotels. Nonetheless, I had very clear benchmarks in mind in terms of what to expect from a hotel of Trump's stature and price. I'm pleased to say that Trump trumped our expectations !- The check-in was smooth and friendly..took all of 5-7 minutes. Luggage arrived in the room promptly.- We were in the Executive City View Suites..very comfortable, specially the fully equipped kitchen, floor to ceiling windows in the living room, large LCD TV etc. Some people have complained here about dated furnishings. We don't agree. Could be because different rooms are furnished differently but ours seemed fine. Some have also complained about the size of the bathroom. The bathroom is no doubt small, but again, in the bigger scheme of things, it didn't bother us. Remember this is New York ! Infact, we loved the jacuzzi tub.- Room service was impeccable. The waiter took time to set the table in the living room, table cloth, napkins, flowers included !- Staff / Service : Our son caught a stomach virus and fell ill. We requested a doctor quite late at night on a Friday. The doctor arrived in a couple of hours and the staff kept us updated as they tried to trace him. FIne with us as it wasn't an emergency. The hotel promptly settled the bill which had to be paid in cash to the doctor and charged to the room. On another occasion, my wife wanted the location of a niche store in NY. The concierge didnt know but promised to revert. When we returned from an outing, we found a detailed msg on our answering machine listing stores in NYC which sold that product and their locations. Also generally, the staff were polite, helpful and almost always in good cheer.- Excellent location with Central Park across the street, a Whole Foods in Columbus Circle and the tube adjacent to the hotel. Within 15 mins. walk from Times Square.Overall, an excellent experience and one we are likely to repeat in the future.	
Aug 17 2009 	Amazing Hotel	I have to echo everyone else when I say this really is a fantastic, perfect hotel. The location to begin with is excellent, right next to columbus circle and just far enough away from the midtown frenzy but it's all easily accessible. The time warner centre has wholefoods,sephora and bouchon just steps away. And the world's most expensive foodcourt if you are splurging! Per Se is absolutely amazing.The room itself is gorgeous. Comfy beds, great turndown service with fiji water and cookies...the staff are always polite and lovely. There's a good chance of seeing famous people too!we had a NBA team there at the time that could barely fit into the lift!We also splurged on a dinner at Jean Georges's. To this day we have never had service as amazing in our life and I still dream of that wine list and cheese cart. The concierge arranged it all for us seamlessly.One slight thing to note is that the kitchenette isn't actually designed for cooktop cooking...but having a fridge is great!It def isn't a cheap stay but we really think it was well worth the money...especially if it's for something special or just a night or two!can't wait to return.	
Aug 15 2009 	Now that's how service is supposed to be!	Our business in New York meant that we were all over the city, in heels and rain/humidity for 8-10 hours a day. When we got to the Trump late one evening, after a day of running about in the pouring rain, we were more than ready to relax. The Trump did not disappoint. While they were checking us in we were each given a warm, moist towel to wipe our hands and &quot;refresh&quot;. They asked if we would like a beverage (lemonade, iced tea, coffee, water-- the list went on) which was a nice touch.We were shown up to our spacious suite, where we decided that we were too exhausted to venture out for food. Room service it is. Just as we were poring over the menu, the doorbell rang. Not only had they sent up the iced tea we requested, but we also had a plate of delicious cheeses and crackers to nibble on while we decided on dinner. Coupled with the chocolates and bottled water in the room, we felt quite spoiled. It's nice to find a hotel that doesn't nickel and dime for every little thing.Dinner in the room was brought within about 20 minutes and was beautifully laid out. Pasta, a glass of wine and chocolates were the ideal end to a long day.The suite was quite spacious (I believe it was an Executive Park View-- it had 1.5 bathrooms, kitchenette Central Park views) and very comfortable. Being two women traveling together, it was nice to have two bathrooms for getting ready in the morning.We were too tired to make use of the pool or fitness center, but they certainly looked more than adequate. All hotel employees we encountered were wonderfully pleasant and welcoming. Thanks, Trump!	
Aug 7 2009 	What can I say......perfection!	We have stayed in New York lots of times and on our last visit decided that the Central Park area was where we would head the next time. And so we decided to stay at Trump. Certainly not a cheap option but it more than lived up to our expectations. The room was excellent, maid service second to none (for example, usually if you're in when they come to do turn down, they never come back - not so in Trump - we always got our wonderful choccies!), all the staff were really helpful and friendly and room service was superb. We had stayed in a deluxe park view room which the website had indicated 'mostly' had kitchens. Ours didn't but key for us was a cuppa in the morning (and there were coffee making facilities) and a fridge - we asked the staff to empty the mini-bar on arrival so we could use that and they did so immediately. The best things about the hotel were the view first and foremost (you need to ask for at least the 7th floor), the breakfast which was exceptional and the location. Close to Central Park, shopping, the subway and a vast range of restaurants and bars, I'm not sure how Trump could be surpassed. If I'm going to nitpick, we had asked for an early check-in as were arriving at 2pm and our room wasn't ready until 4pm. But you're in New York, we shopped and had a drink before returning for complimentary coffee and hot chocolate. Will we return? We will never stay anywhere else in New York.	
Jul 28 2009 	Too many maintenance problems for a 4.5 star hotel	Unfortunately, we had many issues. This was my second stay in a 1-bed Executive Suite. The room looked literally the same as two years ago. My reservation stated bedroom had plasma TV when, in fact, there was still an ancient tube TV, not anything we would want to watch a movie on which is what I wanted to do after the kids were asleep on the sofabed. Come on Trump people, flat-screens are dirt cheap! We used Expedia for the first time and maybe they give Expedia people older rooms? Not a smart move…why would I spend twice as much on their website when Expedia was offering a discount? Silly. Otherwise, room is nice with huge closets – one in bedroom and another in front hall. The kids slept on the sofabed in living room. Kitchen is great if you have kids traveling with you (need paper towels though). Bathroom was tiny but I already knew that and didn’t care.One of the reasons I wanted to stay again was the jacuzzi…nothing better after a long day walking. First night relaxing in tub I noticed mildew/mold on the underside of the toilet bowl and that a knob was missing on the base revealing rust and corrosion. The next morning we found the shower wouldn’t drain properly so you’d stand in your own dirty water while showering. We had to call maintenance two days in a row because the drain plug didn’t work in tub. Shower problem was never fixed. Another reason I wanted to stay again was the great room service food on my previous trip (and having read on here too). We got the kids’ pizza early and ordered what we thought would be a wonderful meal and…it was awful! I’m a great cook and this food was a joke. Husband’s meat was totally overcooked. They removed the cost but who cared about that – we wanted a nice meal. Needless to say, we didn’t order any more room service. Instead of room service breakfasts, I walked over to the Whole Foods and picked up items. I almost hate to bring this up but...the floor-to-ceiling windows were great for people/city watching day and night…as long as you don’t fall out! My busy 3.5-year-old son and I were sitting on the floor looking at the people below when he was able to open the floor window (windows a child could easily fit through)! The window is supposed to be locked but the lock was broken. Of course, maintenance man was in room fixing the tub and fixed it quickly. I trust this was not normal but I will write the hotel about this so something terrible doesn’t happen. Of course, I emailed a few weeks before our trip with some questions and never received a response and had to phone…I wish all the negatives hadn’t happened. Hotel still has great location, guys out front and most at desk were always friendly and helpful, security excellent, appreciated early check in, chocolates at turn down, etc. but I can’t give the place a great rating since we had so many problems. Would I stay again? Probably not because all the issues took away from what should have been a wonderful long weekend in NYC.	
Jul 26 2009 	Very Nice Not Tops	We just returned from a four night stay at the Trump Intl. that we booked through the American Express Platinum Card, which is a nice way to book because we received some nice amenities such as breakfast vouchers for $50/day, a $100 voucher for the spa and &quot;upgrade when available&quot;. Only glitch is that the park view room couldn't accomodate a rollaway for our daughter, so with the help of Amex we were upgraded to a jr. suite with a park view, which was very nice.The concierge members were extremely helpful in getting us tough reservations and assisting with questions/directions. Hotel was also generous enough to offer hotel car (mercedes suv) for rides to dinner/theater. Lobby is small but lovely, housekeeping was really on top of things. You can't beat the location for park access, short walks to upper w. side and midtown/Times Square. Entire hotel staff from doormen to security to front desk were very friendly and welcoming.Suite was spacious enough but I must warn that the bathroom was TIGHT....two at a time just didn't work. Though we didn't use the gym it looked like it had all the equipment one would need. The indoor pool looked nice as well. Some downsides to the spa: the attendants didn't keep the spa area as tidy as it should have been(showers with used razors, towels); and my massage room was immediately off the pool so I heard kids playing Marco Polo for a good 20 minutes of a pricey (tho still very nice) massage. The breakfast was tasty, not outstanding, and must cater to business accounts as it's very, very pricey. This is more of a dinner spot anyway and if it hadn't have been for the vouchers we would have grabbed food elsewhere as there are dozens of great places within a few short blocks. (also note - this hotel occupies lower floors so don't expect a view from much higher than the 9th floor unless i suppose they rent out condos). Overall we would definitely stay here again, though if price creeps up much more there are other noteworthy hotels in the area for less $$.	
Jul 24 2009 	Few glitches generally OK	Stayed for six nights in an Executive Park Suite. First and last, this is the best reason the get the hotel - opening the curtains on Central Park each morning, watching the sun set, walking out to Ferrara's for morning snacks, strolling through the park, all this is great. The room is way smaller than the advertised 1,000 sqft (did they include the common areas like the lift?) but not a bad layout for family with two young kids. Kitchen is a bonus, yes, toilets are small , but still workable. We had a bizarre problem with a lock that the hotel took way too long to fix (1 day plus) and as compensation , we got some popcorn and biscuits (hmmm) . Good gym and pool is bonus	
Jul 18 2009 	Not what I expected for the price	I wanted to love this place...really I did. It was rated one of the highest by travelers, which is why I picked it. I traveled with my husband and 8 month old son. We got a city view executive suite so we could put the baby in one room while we slept in another. We got 50% off on the second night even, which made me feel like it was a better deal. On the phone, the concierge was accommodating and helpful - offering up to go buy a rocking chair and baby food if I needed it, otherwise, there was a Whole Foods Market right around the corner. He said they had a full size crib, complete with bedding, a Trump Kids Onesie, etc. They made me feel comfortable with the babysitting service they used, etc. - couldn't have been nicer. On the plus side, in addition to the concierge, the location was great, right off of Central Park and mere blocks from Times Square.On the down side - we ordered room service the first night and had to call twice to get the menu as it was not located in our room. Room service themselves brought it up and then the first guy we called came to the door and asked what it was again that we had wanted (20 minutes later.) We asked them to knock on the door instead of ring the doorbell as the baby was sleeping - and they rang the doorbell anyway. My husband said his meal wasn't too bad, but mine - appetizer and meal left alot to be desired. The crib was full sized as promised, however it was shaky at best - anytime we moved it, it rocked back and forth as if the screws weren't fully tightened and I pinched myself several times on the top bars. We couldn't get the side to lower and I'm 5'8&quot; and on my tippy toes, my son still sort of rolled out of my arms when I tried to place him on the mattress because it was at the lowest point. (we didn't bother to raise the mattress, we were only there 2 nights.) The movies didn't work in the bedroom. And just a note to those with babies taking naps (not as a negative to the hotel in anyway, just fyi) - there aren't drapes to close in the living room for the baby to nap during the day, only mesh shades to pull down, which didn't make it very dark (for naps or for morning sleep.)It wasn't horrible - just wasn't anywhere near the $800 + a night we paid for the first night. With the second night 50% off, we averaged around $600 per night for the hotel --- still -- I would look elsewhere - it touted itself as higher class and it felt more like a run of the mill condo with gold fixtures than the high ranking it got. I will not return, nor will I recommend it.	
Jul 6 2009 	Excellent Service Location and Space	Travelling with small children can always be difficult especially when it comes to eating. Not only do the separate rooms allow for some privacy at night, but the small kitchen proves to be a godsend. You can stock up on the some food for the kids at the local Wholefoods and save yourself a whole load of aggro.Rooms are spacious, the views are amazing and the rates appear to be a lot more attractive than they used to be.Recommended.	
Jun 25 2009 	Good but not the Best	A wonderful location by Central Park, spacious (by NY standards) and well-appointed rooms, fabulous spa with pool, very helpful and attentive service - everything you would expect from an hotel in this price category.However, the service, though good, does not match that of hotels such as The Peninsula, Bangkok or the Goodwood Park, Singapore. If the Peninsula in New York is up to those standards I would stay there next time.	
Jun 13 2009 	Do not make a reservation with	Dc Luxury hotels or New york luxury hotels or anything that connects with them.They actually told me they were making a reservation for my anniversary. Then I called this supposed travel agency and was told they would not book the reservation for me.This is against the law. What ever you do donot make a reservation with this company because their may not really be one. I know this hotel is the best hotel in new york. Book directly with the hotel or another travel agency.	
Jun 12 2009 	Lives up to its reputation	The Trump is one placed I always wanted to stay at because of its aura, and for once a place that was hyped lived up to its reputation.Of course, with a location at 1,Central park you cant go wrong. Even in winter, looking out at Central Park was nice . Trump is probably the only NY hotel that's heard of service. Room service is prompt, they're very accomodating of luggage storage requests and odd checkout hours. I typically leave at 6 am to go to work and typically have to put up with lousy morning service, but the Trump surprised me very positively. They had chargers for all kinds of mobile phones and were helpful with city information.You have the Time Warner center at stone's throw -great shopping , great top floor view and some really cool eating joints make it a convenient hop to place.Cant wait to go back in spring!	
Jun 2 2009 	Bathrooms the size of a broom closet	My husband , son and I stayed at the Trump Hotel for a weekend visit with some friends. Although the service, location and Restaurant were outstanding we were very disappointed in our suite. We had a Park view suite so the view was beautiful but the room was very small. The living/dining area was very tight and we did not have a kitchenette as advertised. The bedroom had a King size bed but the room was really too small for it. There was only room for one night stand and you had to stand sideways and work your way along the wall to enter my side of the bed. The worst was the tiny bathroom. It had one small sink with a very small vanity and the tub/shower combo was just everyday. The shower pressure was very good though. This was considered an upper range room at over $800.00. The hotel lobby was almost non-exsistant and the Spa, pool and Gym were also small. Small must be the theme here. We usually stay away from big hotels and stick with boutique type places but this place was definitely clasthrophobic. I love the Trump brand and have stayed in their beautiful hotel in Chicago so I was disappointed by our experience. We will be choosing a different hotel on our next trip to New York.	
May 21 2009 	I have to blow my "Trump"et for the Hotel 	My partner and I stayed for four nights in the Trump International Hotel and Tower. The location is excellent beside Columbus Circle and taxis, underground and buses all easily accessible. The service is second to none and the concierge is excellent, booking restaurants, advising on trips etc.Upon arrival we were offered tea/coffee and the bed turn down service every night was welcome. Our room was the standard set up two walk in closets a small kitchen area but more than sufficient for our needs.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a high quality, excellent service hotel beside central park.	
May 20 2009 	STILL THE BEST IN NYC	TRUMPSome things never change and the fabulous Trump hotel is one of them. Please see my previous review for full details. I once again asked for suite 1710 and was most fortunate to get &quot; the most requested suite&quot; again for a trip to NYC with our grandchildren. The Trump is none the worse for wear. Trump has remained up to date technology wise and the furnishings are fresh and some are new. My wife says the mattress and Frette bedding are the cuddliest in the world. The spotlessly clean indoor swimming pool and fitness center have been upgraded with the latest equipment and individual TV's at each machine. This free facility also includes lockers and fruit and bottled water all free. Trump includes lots of freebies (with one exception) that most hotels charge for. For instance: Complimentary immediate pressing of one garment upon arrival; free laptop computer in your room or free use of a computer with free internet connection in the business center; free bottled water in your room; free local and 800 phone calls. The exception is a charge for internet connection in your room. It is an extremely fast wi-fi or ethernet connection, but, at these prices, I resent the charge.One change for the better has been the beautification of Columbus Circle. The new fountains, statuary and plantings are nice to enjoy and particularly lovely to view from our suite which is one of the few suites to enjoy views of Central Park, Columbus Circle, Broadway, and the New York skyline. These are the views that the Trump is known for and we enjoyed them all. This trip we were blessed by good weather and could fully enjoy Central Park which is at the Trump doorstep. Our family enjoyed the many playgrounds (some are age specific and in others adults are only allowed if accompanied by a child). The zoo, the merry-go-round, and the boathouse restaurant were loved by all of us.The famous Tavern on the Green was a disappointment. The over-priced food was awful and the service was worse. The dining room's decor is the attraction so, if you have the nerve, walk in like you know where you are going and turn right to see the several unusual dining rooms.Chance meetings with celebrities are still a common occurrence here at the Trump. I shared an elevator ride with Robin Williams (who was also here on my previous visit), another with Nelly and the Jonas brothers were all over the place.The Trump is still my selection as the best in NYC and one of the best in the world.Now we leave the grandchildren and set out for a month in Italy. Trip Advisor has been very helpful to me in planning the next month, so I will return the favor by reporting on the hotels in Italy.	
May 17 2009 	Service and Location are great.	Excellent location and service....the only knock on the hotel is that the rooms are slightly dated. Smallish bathrooms with tub-shower combos, but the slightly dated decor is well compensated by the location and service offered. Great fitness center here, as well. Will return.	
May 16 2009 	Great place for a night out -- with Jean Georges for dinner	Came with wife for a night away from the kids; got a room with a Central Park view. Hotel is run well; nothing to really complain about. Rooms are no big deal but they are certainly adequate -- lighting in the living room of our suite could have been better. The kitchens in the executive suites probably matter if you want them because you're not getting those at other area hotels. Hotel rooms could use a bit of spit and polish for something claiming to be of Leading Hotels caliber. Location is perfect; major subway station is right outside the door. Breakfast entrees are good but our croissant wasn't fresh and we sent it back, so don't expect perfection. Jean Georges is very good for dinner and surprisingly affordable; you can have a full dinner for $100 before tax, tip and beverage. Upon check in, I felt I was roped into an upgrade I had already been promised, paid the bill and complained at checkout; the manager checked into things and made good on it by refunding the extra money I had paid. I'd come back if I got a good deal but I wouldn't pay rack rates here with the Mandarin Oriental a block away.	
May 12 2009 	Excellent Location	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in April. Our favourite thing about the hotel was the location and the absolutely brilliant view. Service on the whole was great (although there was a slight problem with our reservation) on the doormen are great - always setting you off for the day with a wisecrack.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great value and location	Booked through American Express platinum paid for two days one night free,upgraded to suite,free breakfast, 100 dollar spa credit,minor problem with bed within five minutes was given a bottle of wine., great lunch for 24 dollars best lunch in NYC at Jean George	
Apr 22 2009 	Looking tired and with inconsistent service	In short, I would stay elsewhere. I travel to NYK regularly from London and find other nearby hotels in the same category such as the Ritz Carlton and Madarin Oriental much better. Back to the Trump. I attempted to check in the hotel at 11am. They said they would call me when the room was ready. The didn't call me and when I went back at 4pm they still did not have a room. Thankfully, I had not just flown in but it wasn't a good start. The room is very 'Trump' with lots of gold and magazines featuring his offspring. However, it looks rather tired and grubby and various things in the room did not work very well. The maid service was also very patchy with various small things missed but also things like a whole evening service forgotted. Room service was fair but some of the dishes served with overpowering sauces. Overall, it just didn't quite hit the mark for me and I won't be returning.	
Mar 15 2009	Great Location 	The hotel did not disappoint. Being on Columbus Circle and having a subway station on the corner and the Time Warner Center just across Broadway with Whole Foods and The Landmarc Cafe made the location terrific. The service was excellent. We were taken to our room immediately upon arrival despite it being 2:40pm. The maid service was timely each day and unobtrusive. We had room service once and the food arrived exactly at the time requested and very good. Having a full kitchen (small) also was nice and very usefull. We had to ask to have the gas turned on to the stove, but it only took 3 minutes after calling for someone to arrive and take care of it. While not of tremendous importance, I would like to point out that the elevator service is the best of any hotel we have ever stayed in. During a 5-night stay, we never had to wait more than 20 seconds to get an elevator. I would gladly stay at the hotel again. The one negative I would mention is that the price/value ratio is a little high unless you can get a special rate, but compared to other properties with the same level of service and location, the Trump International is certainly a good option.	
Jan 28 2009 	Best hotel in New York	The best hotel in New York. My family and I have stayed at all the top hotels in the city. Without question Trump is the best. Location, rooms,service cannot be topped.	
Jan 8 2009 	LOVED this hotel!	We paid just over GBP500 per night for a park view one bedroom suite, just before Xmas and stayed for 5 nights. Our suite overlooked both the park and Columbus Circle and was spacious and comfortable. It had a little kitchen (with new and clean utensils) which was perfect for preparing meals for our young kids (just pop across Columbus Circle to Whole Foods market to get a huge selection of ready-made meals). The bed was extremely comfortable and our daughter (aged 4) slept on the sofa bed in the lounge. Our son (aged 2) was in a cot - the first one they supplied wasn't big enough so they got us a bigger one which was perfect. The only disappointment was the size of the bathroom, which was tiny although it had a whirlpool tub and good overhead shower. We also had a separate cloakroom (WC) and hallway cupboard for coats and shoes. The Trump building also houses apartments and the hotel has very much the feel of an apartment building. The lobby is small which means you get noticed and the doormen and front desk staff were all very friendly. The concierge Carlos was great at booking us restaurants and recommending places. One time when it was snowing he even arranged for the hotel's limousine to take me and the kids to a museum (for free). The Housekeeping service was excellent - things came right away and we never had to ask twice. When my husband complained about the cost of some laundry, they just removed the charge from the bill. The hotel has a great gym, including lap pool, which it shares with the apartments. The location is fabulous - next to the park, right by the Columbus Circle subway station which connects various lines and the Time Warner building with its great range of shops is just over the road. We stayed at the Jumeirah Essex House the same time the previous year and while that was a bit more glam than the Trump, the Trump certainly 'trumped' it for service (and it was cheaper and the kitchen was a great bonus for us). Just a really lovely, friendly hotel.	
Dec 28 2008 	1st class business hotel	We stayed at the Trump for two nights on our way to Europe. The suite we received was just as described and overlooked Central Park. At $1600/night, we were a bit underimpressed for the size, but not too many hotels have this view. The lobby is very understated (one counter and a bell station - probabably 400 sq.ft. total) but all one needs in a business hotel. The elevators work only with the room key, which is a good safety feature. All features in the room were in perfect order and the room was very clean. The hotel is located at the SW corner of Central Park - perfect for jogging in the park, getting to the Theater district or to fine shopping (just a few blocks to 5th Avenue and to Bergdorf Goodman). We even saw a few famous faces passing us in the lobby.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great location and service but...	My husband and I stayed in a Jr Executive Suite right before Thanksgiving and were quite diappointed. The service was extremely professional. Very solicitious, perhaps too much for us. The room was just ok. My husband thought it looked like a Best Western inside- boring! The thing that pissed us off was the nickle and dime stuff. Wi-fi was $16 bucks a day for each computer! For the amount we paid for the room, I would expect it to be free- really lame!  I felt like it had a veneer of service as opposed to really making the guests feel comfortable. My husband called to complain about the computer fee and they were going to send a manager up to speak to him. Not sure what good would that have done. We checked out the next day. The location was really excellent, but I thought it was too expensive for what you get.	
Oct 7 2008 	VERY NICE STAY!	Trump Tower is located in the best place of Manhattan. It is right across Central Park, close to Lincoln Center, steps away from the subway and Time Warner Building. Room is fantastic!!!! Very large bedroom, bathroom, living room; and the kitchen is very well equipped. If you prefer, you can buy food at Wholes food inside Time Warner, and have a relaxing time looking at Central Park. It is perfect for a long stay, when you want more than a simply hotel room. I highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 25 2008	Wonderful	I went to Trump in May for two nights with a friend of mine and the whole purpose was to see the Little Mermaid on broadway. The concierge got us great seats to the show (at $250 a piece) and we had a two bedroom suite which was huge and had a great view of the Park. Good location on Columbus Circle and Central Park West. We arrived on Friday and had dinner at Jean-Georges, the hotel's signature restaurant which was amazing! On Saturday morning I made use of the two lane lap pool which was great. They recommended a great place for dinner before the show, Trattoria Dell Arte which has great Italian food. Would definatly go back!	
Apr 27 2008 	Hmmm...... Second visit to trump....	We spent another week at the Trump in April 2008. My earlier review on this site is 2 years old. Returning to the Trump was a mixed experience really.Booking was simple, e-mail communication with the property - flawed - as they apparently forgot that we were arriving early. Also, they never made a note of us being return customers (odd). The location is of course the same ;) - excellent - right on Columbus Circle with a direct view of Central Park. Excellent.The hotel itself looked much the same. I could definatly see the wear on the room (identical suite, different level) compared to two years ago. The carpet was clean, but had lots of spots on it. The chairs were clean - and had tons of stains on them, the headboard on the bed was clean - and with tons of stains. The wallpaper was &quot;rough&quot; in the corners. Anemities such as personalized stationary, travel accessories, etc, never materialized. Cleaning staff effectiveness was not quite up to par. Our tile floor in the kitchen was dirty, and stains i spotted on day 1 - was still there on day 7. The edges around the stove and fridge was dirty. The ice bucket had water in it, upon arrival. The complimentary Fiji water arrived 2 out of 7 days.On the positive side - it's still a super location, safe surroundings, high level of security, great pool, good concierge service and very attentive staff.Am I going to stay there next time ? I think i'll give one of the freshly updated properties a go.	
Mar 31 2008 	Terrific Trump	Booked a suite for two nights for a &quot;big&quot; birthday. Hotel upgraded us to larger suite which included a kitchen at check-in. It was like having our own one bedroom apartment on Central Park. Hotel was quiet, elegant , Excellent service. Really nothing to complain about. First rate -- hope to return.	
Mar 25 2008 	Nice view but Trump is a bit cheap..	We got a deal on a 2BR suite overlooking central park for a long weekend with my in-laws. The suite was a nice layout and included a small kitchen. Trump is great with real estate as it really is a fab location esp if you are seeing a show at the Met as we were.. The service was fine though a bit annoying..they just kept calling to find out how things were which is great but who wants the phone ringing 2x a day with turndown service offered at 5pm everyday?! :) One King and one Queen bed in the 2 suites with the King with the jacuzzi tub. But guess what..the tv was not working well in that room, the jacuzzi was small and the jets were only on the side, not located at the back. The drain was broke so we had to manually fix it to keep the water filled out (which to me is unacceptable for a 5 star hotel). Maybe I've just been too well travelled but I thought the toiletries provided were quite on the cheap side and the bed was not the best - the mattress was way too soft. The sheets were ok but I've slept on many better mattresses at other 4 star hotels. The plasma tv in the living room had a terrible picture quality which was also disappointing. On the pluses are comp. tea/coffee service provided and really, a fabulous view! If you get a deal on the room, it's a good buy but I think there are better places for 5 star hotels. Def. there for the view and location! :)	
Feb 20 2008 	Nice view	I have to admit this was my first &quot;splurge&quot; hotel, so since I cannot compare I will just review. The location was ideal. Right on the Upper West Side of Central Park. Although our view was from a side window, it was beautiful. Service was excellent. Very attentive. The room was small for a &quot;suite&quot; but it accomodated myself, my husband and our teen (without privacy though). The hotel was quiet, extremely clean and comfortable and the staff accomodating to anything you may need or want. The shower was wonderful! Great water pressure. The pool was small but good. We parked out rental here ($50.00 per day). All service was prompt and friendly. We comfortably walked to Times Square, Fifth Avenue, the Museum of Natural History and through the park.	
Jan 7 2008 	Holiday in New York - Hotel was fantastic	We have stayed at many other hotels in New York, so we were expecting about the same. Previously (Hyatt, Sofitel, etc.)As I always do, I will break down each category:Room: Very spacious with an amazing view of Central Park. The room had a work desk, couch, lounge seat, small kitchenette, and a great bathroom. Every detail was in the room and would be somewhere you could stay for 2 months and never feel you were in a hotel.Service: We had forgot our toothpaste and the housekeeping brought up that along with a full care package (combs, shave cream, etc. - All in a leather Trump case). It was these extra perks that made this stay special.Food: The breakfast at the hotel was excellent and reasonable for a New York high end restaurant. The room service was OK.Overall - This is a great place to stay in New York. You are close to everything, but far enough from the New York hustle and bustle. This is a great place for families, couples, or business folks.	
Dec 15 2007	great views and service in New York City	My husband and I stayed in a 1 bedroom suite at the Trump International for 4 nights in early December, 2007. The hotel was comfortable, classy, and very nicely located off of Columbus Circle. New York in December is my favorite place to be--The Trump Hotel is located just off of the southwest corner of Central Park. During the month of December, there is a holiday vendor fare on the corner of the park (fun place to walk around).On the other side of Columbus Circle is the Time Warner Center. Top end shopping stores, the Bouchon Bakery (great place for lunch), more recently opened Landmarc Restaurant (we used to eat at the Landmarc in tribeca and this one is just as nice with even more space!). We went there for breakfast and the food was fantastic (especially the AMAZING French toast).Now--getting back to the hotel review.The room was veyr spacious with gorgeous views of Central Park and Columbus circle. we were on the 8th floor in a corner room. One pitfall is that with the lights on at night, you can see into the rooms next to you--and they can also see you) because of the way the building was built. However, just make sure you don't walk around naked and you should be fine :)During the day the room got a bit warm because the sun was shining so intensely, but thats OK given how cold it was outside.Each day there were chocolates from Jean Gorge's restuarant and also Fiji water bottles. nice! there was a full kitchen stocked with Le Bernardin plates (I wish I could've taken those home with me!). A flat screen tv in the living room area, as well as a dining room table, desk and comfy couch. the bedroom was spacious with a closet and television. The only problem with the closet was that a set of drawers was inside on the right, and the safe was inside on the left--which made it seem like there wasn't much closet space.The bathrooms had very nice soaps, bubble bath, shampoo, conditioner--everything was stocked eveyr day.The turndown service at night was well done with slippers, a bathrobe, and even a linen towel placed on the floor next to the bed.I thought the hotel was fantastic and would highly recommend it for anyone traveling to NYC.	
Dec 3 2007 	Honeymoon Perfection	We stayed for 7 nights for our Honeymoon and everything was perfect.Before we left the UK we booked tickets for the Yankees game using the concierge and they couldnt be more helpful. The seats were fantastic and we had the best time.The room was upgraded to a suite and we had a kitchen to share with the suite over the hall with all usual amenities. The lounge had a huge TV sofa area desk dining table and lots of space. The window looked out onto central park and was spectacular day or night. When we arrived champagne and chocolates were in the room along with a nice welcome card.We had a huge bed with another TV and there was CD/radio DVD players and a nintendo! The bathroom was very classy and had a very good shower in it over the bath.Each night they came and turned down the beds and left chocolates and water on the side table. The bedroom also overlooked central park.The staff were fantastic and the restaurant was nice...its very well thought of but we thought it was slightly too experimental for us but we did have two meals there and room service. The restaurant was not particularly pricey compared to London and really 3 courses with wine for £45 was a bit cheap...but nice all the same and very very very good service.The pool area was very uninviting if you were swimming on your own but I guess its made for those who swim fast for exercise. The sauna did not get up to temperature very fast and it is in the changing rooms. The door staff were superb, we met Adam Sandler and Kevin James thanks to Horacio and we would thank him for all of his tips about places to go etc throughout our stay. Many big celebrities stay here and it is clear to see why. It really was the best hotel I have ever stayed in and if I am ever in the money again I'll stay there. The location meant at least 10 mins walk to the main shops but it was worth it and taxis were so easy to come by and cheap.	
Nov 28 2007	relaxnice mood..special hotel	I have ever been such a great hotel,so everything is parfect,Id love to stay again,so here is my special apartmentBy[--]	
Nov 7 2007 	Excellent	We stayed here for four nights in their standard double room which turned out to be a spacious suite with sittingroom, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom, 2 TVs etc. All very luxurious although in somewhat vulgar taste with gold taps, boring nothingy pictures on the walls, but nevertheless extremely comfortable and with excellent service, particularly from the chamber maid, which included turn down service complete with bottles of water, chocolates, bathrobes and so on. The bed itself was particularly comfortable with a lovely soft, thick mattress cover and nice pillows.On arrival we were given a complementary drink (tea or coffee) in our room. Breakfast was in the famous Jean Georges restaurant overlooking Central Park and, again, was excellent and not bad value either.This is an expensive hotel on Columbus Circle, perhaps not the perfect location, but certainly to be recommended if you feel like treating yourself.	
Oct 28 2007 	Exceptional Hotel !!!!	We just returned from a weekend in NYC at the Trump Intl. Hotel. The hotel is wonderful and the service is excellent. We took advantage of the Suite Sunday deal and stayed in a Jr. Executive Suite. The room was huge; since there were 3 of us we were worried it would be too crowded. This was not the case we never seemed to get in each others way.The hotel staff was exceptional making sure every need was fulfilled and didn't even give us a hard time when we needed a vase for flowers at 2am when returning to the hotel. We also requested maintenance at this time to unlock the windows and it wasn't a problem.The location is great right across the street from Central Park and Columbus Circle. This made it easier for cabs to find instead of giving the street address. There are also nice shops across the street too.Although we did not dine in the restaurant we had drinks at the bar. The drinks were good and the prices were average. We did dine at DelFriscos Steak House which I would highly recommend the food was the best I ever had.This was my first trip to NYC and definately not my last. If you're planning a trip to NYC I would highly recommend you stay at the Trump Intl. Hotel.	
Oct 4 2007 	can't go wrong here	Very hard to find fault with this hotel. Ideal location, great staff, well appointed rooms, 2 big closets, nice gym, free computers in business center to check email. Our room had a long hallway, mini kitchen complete with stove, toaster, coffee maker. Very nice to make a simple breakfast in the room instead of going out or room service. There is a whole foods in the Time Warner building across the street. Of course, this is an expensive hotel, but we got a great corporate rate ($380) which made it a good deal.	
Sep 23 2007 	Great Hotel Except for the Shower	Overall, the hotel is great. Loved the service and attention to detail. Only problem I faced was after a very long day, I wanted to take a bath and relax in the jacuzzi tub. First problem - the knob to turn on the water was broken! I called the front desk and they sent facilities immediately to the room. An hour later after ripping the wall out, housekeeping came to reclean the tub. After I finally had some running water, I turned on the shower just to give it an extra rinse - and the shower head was facing the wall and I couldn't turn it! I called the front desk again and this time I was upset. They sent facilities back to fix the shower head. I asked if there was anything else the Trump hotel could do to help soothe my nerves after a long day, and now the disappointment of waiting for an hour and a half to fix the shower. So, they said I could have breakfast on them. Well, next time I book into the hotel, I will be asking if the shower is working!!!	
Sep 16 2007	Definitely worth the money	Staying in New York can always be a toss up, but one thing is for sure, whether the hotel lives up to the 4 plus star rating or not, the prices are sky high. Trump is worth the money and was suprisingly a bit lower in price than the other high end hotels (Mandarin, Ritz, Four Seasons). We stayed at the Ritz Central Park last year and were VERY dissappointed. We were just paying for the name because the hotel was less than par. Trump is luxurious without being over the top. Very neutral decor, midly scented bathroom products, located across from Central Park. Trump pays attention to EVERY detail. We were very comfortable in our room and were able to get a great nights rest on the bed. Wonderful spa with 80 degree swimming pool (2 lane pool) and right next door to Whole Foods! While the food from room service was delicious, it was nice to be able to save a bit of money by running over to Whole Foods for snacks, drinks, etc. Well worth the money if you are in the market for spending the 4-5 star prices for hotels in Manhattan.	
Aug 27 2007 	Sensational Romantic Getaway	The Hotel was beautiful. Gold, Gold, Gold is what you open your eyes to when you look at this massive hotel. I checked in early Thursday morning into an executive one bedroom suite(get it if this is in your budget) and the room was ready how wonderful. The room was clean, updated, cozy and comfortable. The best staff I ever encountered. The Best Bellman award goes to &quot;Ming&quot;. This guy is helpful in shopping ladies. Very professional and helpful. I ate breakfast everyday at the hotel restaurant. The best breakfast in the world. I did not know eggs and buttermilk pancakes can taste so good. The hotel was pricey for most people (including myself) but I wanted to indulge in luxury to treat my husband and I on an unforgettable weekend trip. Because of Trump hotel I will always stay at the world's finest hotels. My next New York trip I will be at the Trump international Hotel.	
Aug 27 2007 	Fabulous	Spent three nights on a girls' road trip. Wow. I am very very picky and this wonderful place certainly lives up to its reputation. The service was impeccable; best I have ever seen. The staff are great and go out of their way to make sure you feel like royalty. The location cannot be beat. We had a suite which is more like an apartment with a full kitchen. This is a keeper. Would absolutely stay here again. Room was spotless; furniture looked new. Really worth the money and I frequently don't say that.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great Hotel	Room was fab with a great view of central park. Staff were very very friendly and helpful. Room Service was excellent. No complaints at all except we were told that we had been upgraded when in fact we hadn't been at all it was the room I had originally booked!	
Aug 5 2007 	One of the best	Staff was great food was great. Everything was so nice and our view from our room was so cool it was fantastic one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. 5 Stars all the way. anyone who thinks this hotel is a dump is crazy! Sure it is a little pricy but it is worth it! For those who are looking for a getaway for 2 or 3 days this is the place for you!	
Aug 4 2007 	Absolute perfection	Hands down the best hotel in NYC. I stay at the 4 Seasons, Penninsula and Regency for business and this would always be my first choice. The rooms are beautifully appointed. The pillows, linens and mattress are heaven. Front desk service is the most professional and service oriented. Room service is from Jean George Restaurant in the Hotel. One of the finest restaurants in NYC. Absolutely delicious. A great neighborhood, easy to walk to great shopping and the theatre. Try to get a one bedroom suite if you can. If not the standard rooms are lovely, all with discreet and well equipped kitchens. The bathrooms rock! Jacuzzi tubs. BOOK IT!	
Jul 31 2007 	Absolutely the best!!!!	I arrived at the hotel after a very long day, having left Helsinki, Finland many hours earlier. I was greeted at the taxi and escorted directly to the front desk. The lobby is calm and much smaller than I had anticipated. The staff warmly welcomed me and within moments I was on my way to an upgraded room on the top floor, an absolutely gorgeous room with more amenities than I've ever seen in a hotel in my many years of travel. My bags followed shortly and the porter gave me a tour of the room, showing me all the features. As tired as I was, I didn't want to go to sleep, luxuriating in this splendid place.The staff was perfect: Totally professional, friendly, but never instrusive. This description fits everyone I encountered, from the front desk to the maids. As I was about to leave the room, I received a call from the hotel manager, just checking to see if I had been happy with my stay. I told him that my only problem had been an inability to get connected to the Internet. He immediately told me all charges would be reversed (and they were!).I am totally sold on this hotel and plan to use it whenever I am back in New York.	
Jun 22 2007 	Not Up to Par	Checked in for a two night stay over the first weekend of June. When we arrived, they could not find our reservation in the system. Needed another 10 minutes to pull it up. Then we were told that the we have to move after the first night since we booked through Expedia and each room is owned by a different owner. We had to move because the rates (at $800/night, mind you) were already separately paid to the two owners. Folks, this is not your standard luxury hotel. It's more a hotel-condo where owners can put their units up for rent outside of the Trump reservation system. The check-in fiasco aside, while clean, the rooms were mediocre. Blond wood furniture with mirrored walls and white kitchen appliances - reminded me of a fancy dorm room. Bland and in need of a stronger design vision found in many luxury hotels such as The Mandarin Oriental and Four Seasons.The health club was complimentary and staff friendly. Jean-Georges, the in-house restaurant, also looked rather dated. Choices were solid but service lacked professionalism. So many other better restaurants in the city.Come on, Donald, time to invest some money to make this property better!	
Jun 20 2007 	Enjoyed Trump Hotel very much; a few things might annoy others	Spent a weekend at Trump Hotel &amp; Tower in NYC in June. All told, I enjoyed the hotel very much. I must preface remarks with the fact that I'm a male, solo leisure traveler who's taken 60-75 trips by himself in close to 20 years. My tastes, habits, wants and needs probably aren't the same as couples, families, etc...So, keep that in mind. These reviews are supposed to be about the hotels, not the reviewer, so I'll get on with it!All staff at this hotel are very friendly, professional and courteous. They genuinely seem to enjoy their jobs. I'm the type who carries his own bag(s) but tips porters anyway, while telling them I prefer to do things for myself . During check-in, clerk says to me, &quot;I see where you requested some of our complimentary business cards and letterhead.&quot; I'm positive I hadn't, but I took them anyway. Was going to take them home to show family and friends (yes, I do have lots of both), who'd get a good laugh out of it. Joke was on me; my first name was wrong, not even close, like having &quot;Bill&quot; for a guy whose name is &quot;Steve.&quot; So the joke was on me. But I can shrug off something like that, even if steep rate probably includes printing cost for such needless items. Then, clerk asks if I'd like a complimentary drink, help with luggage, etc...Again, a polite &quot;no&quot; suffices. I would have appreciated it, however, if clerk, or security man who stands at attention by elevators would have informed me that to get to rooms above 12th floor, one must insert room key into slot on elevator floor button panel. As a result, I got stuck on the 12th floor. Quick call on intercom produced explanation of how to get to 15th floor. Two days later, though, after using outstanding fitness room (all types of equipment for all parts of body, plus treadmills, Staairmasters, two-lane lap pool, towels, ice water) my key &quot;expired&quot; when I tried to return to room, so I had to go down to lobby and have it reformatted.I reserved a one-bedroom executive suite. Very nice, about 700 square feet, with lots of closet space and drawers. 42-inch plasma TV in living room with DVD player, nice floor to cieling windows with city view. Room had a very comfortable sofa bed, and solid, roomy work desk, plus another comfortable chair. Coffee table with complimentary Trump Magazine, New York Magazine, Bergdorf Goodman, along with complimentary Bergdorf Goodman $50 gift card (I gave mine back to front desk, advised them to use it themselves or give it to a friend or family member) and $50 credit toward spa (as if I need a spa treatment!). When I pay a high rate to stay at a nice hotel, I do it for the larger-than-normal room and access to fine facilities (fitness room) and security advantages. Some will say, &quot;Well, you're paying for all that other stuff, why not take advantage of it?&quot;On to the little kitchen area, complete with stove, microwave oven and full-sized refrigerator with its own freezer section with ice maker and trays. What's nice about this fridge is that guests can actually put their own items inside (there's plenty of extra space) without having to rearrange all the mini-bar items that already are inside. It's probably a misnomer to call this fridge a mini bar, but, in effect, it is -- part of the three-part mini bar. There's also a &quot;Pantry&quot; which needs a key to be opened. That's the other key that comes with your room key in the little packet when you check in. Even more mini bar things (snack foods + disposable camera, guide to New York book/marketplace, intimacy kit) are across from fridge on counter next to sink.Bedroom is small but includes a comfortable bed, radio/CD player, and easy chair. I'd say 27 inches for the TV inside the armoire in bedroom, again with DVD player, plus VHS capability.Bathroom smaller than those at other snazzy hotels of this name and reputation. One-basin sink, commode and deep tub with whirlpool jets). Water pressure good and hot at all times of day. A bit cramped in bathroom. Not much room for bathroom kit on counter. There is, however, a spacious cupboard directly beneath the sink, good for storage. Nice bath products (shampoo, salts, body lotion -- no mouthwash, FYI).There also is an in-room safe (key in four-digit code to use) which is large enough to store a laptop or small briefcase.Housekeeping/turndown service excellent and inconspicuous.During check-in, overheard a (female) guest complaining to front desk about $10 per minute charge for long-distance call from room phone, so you might want to keep that in mind. I understand local calls are free. I just used my cell phone for all calls I had to make.All in all, this is an outstanding hotel. It has a very calm, peaceful, serene atmosphere about it. It felt very good going back to the room at night after moving around the heat, humidity and madness that can be NYC. I will definitely go back.	
Jun 11 2007 	great !	Really excellent.Perfect service. Perfect location between Lincoln center and Carnegie Hall both within 5 min walk !I was upgraded to a suite because of my amex package. I first get a 4th floor suite where I could hear the traffic a bit too much : despite it was a very busy time, when I complained they found a 10th floor suite for me, with far less traffic noise !The suite was large. The furniture was excellent. The bathroom a bit small in such an hotel.The staff really takes care of guests : they offer you chocolates, flowers, spring water for the night...The swimming pool is unexpetedly large for NY standardsBreakfast at Jean Georges is good. The view is pleasant if you sit near the window. But the place can be noisy : I experienced it on my first day when 10 women where sitting together at a table talking...Worth the price even if a bit expensive.	
May 19 2007 	Heaven on the park	From the moment I arrived to the moment I left the service was flawless. The doormen were to attentive and rushed to the taxi to greet me, they then escorted me to the front desk who welcomed me by name (how did they do that?) and then was escorted by Ford the bellmen to my room. Ford went above and beyond explaining all about the hotel and the amenities it offers. The room was beautiful and had a very residential feel to it making it feel more like returning home than a hotel. The view was breathtaking of the park. Within a few minutes there was a knock on the door frm room service with a wonderful coffee service amenity.The restaurant was amazing my boyfriend and I had the tasting menu in the dining room of which every mouthful was delicate and stunning flavors.The spa was small but had all the services needed to pamper yourself.What really stood out about this hotel compared to other hotels I ahve stayed in is the friendly staff who make sure you never walk past them without being greated with a Goodmorning/afternoon/night. They were always on hand to help me with my large amount of shopping bags upon my return each day to the hotel.This is a discreet first class hotel I will never stay anywhere else in New York from now on.	
May 14 2007 	Beauiful hotel great room great service Not perfect	This hotel was a i just want to try this one time thing. I reserved the Suite sunday package, one room suite for two nights. I was quoted $1800 for two nights. Valet parking cost me $135 for two days, not cheap, check in was fast. Room very nice, clean all the extras, asked for one king bed and got two queens.(may be due to checking in at 530 when the earliest check in was 3). I had ask for a good view of the park and it would have been just but it was on the 5th floor, almost tree line view, not high enought too really see anything, it was pretty but not what i wanted for $900 a night! If you want a real park view make sure you get above the 5th floor!Other things, using the gym after hours requires signing your life away and geting down too the gym which was not too bad, great equipment, clean gym, nice pool. Breakfast, was ordered the night before(had too be on your door by 2am) and i requested it be delivered between 9am and 930am, it was there at 909apm, very nice!! Two newspapers as requested, food was layed out great and the food was GREAT! Not cheap, but for a vaction thing well worth it. I would stay there again.	
May 9 2007 	The trump was OK....	Stayed at the trump for 5 nights and everything felt very average. The room was pretty bland, it didn’t look like they put any effort into decorating at all; in fact I don’t think there was a single piece of art in our entire room. The lobby is very very small and you never really get the hotel atmosphere. Even though the building is over 500 feet tall the hotel is limited to the first 15 floors (condos occupy the rest) so don’t expect incredible view unless you’re lucky enough to get on the 14th or 15th floor. We were on the 7th and could barely see over central park’s tree line. The staff was certainly great and the food from jean georges was amazing but the room left much to be desired. We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental right after the trump and I won’t be going back to the trump as I felt the mandarin was better in nearly every way. Even though the mandarin is a bit more expensive; I’d rather have a beautiful non-suite room with a view 500ft up in the air than a bland suite on the 7th floor for the same price.	
Apr 20 2007 	Pampered on the Park	First impressions: the hotel is very private. The lobby is small but opulent and welcoming.The level of service is beyond outstanding. The professional,discrete, yet welcoming, staff, from bellman, to front desk, to management, could not do enough.Concierge service is exceptionally knowledgeable &amp; helpful, in a city where such insight is invaluable.The Views &amp; location are matched only by the comfortable, well designed, and beautifully appointed rooms. On my many stays, each room has been delightful.First impressions: the hotel is very private. The lobby is small but opulent and welcoming.The level of service is beyond outstanding. The professional, yet welcoming, staff, from bellman, to front desk, to management, could not do enough.Concierge service is exceptionally knowledgeable &amp; helpful, in a city where such insight is invaluable.The Views &amp; location are matched only by the comfortable, well designed, and beautifully appointed rooms. On my many stays each room was delightful.Additionally, the fitness center is magnificent.They excel at everything necessary to make you feel at home.Overall, you will get more than what you expect from a five star hotel!	
Apr 17 2007 	A Lot like Heaven on Central Park!	We were welcomed at the Trump Tower Hotel like long awaited special friends. The newly appointed General Manager Suzie Mills greeted us personally and supervised our check in. Security for guests is paramount and new keys are cut for each new check in. Our suite was absolutely delightful, the epitome of luxury, whirlpool bath, exquisite exotic flower arrangements, and complimentary hand made chocolates (thankfully not on the pillow!) and silver flasks of ice and bottles of fiji water for the turn down.Breathtaking views overlooking central park, and possibly the most comfortable bed ever made - jet lag just melted away. Breakfast in the beautiful restaurant was an unforgettable experience, with panoramic views over the park attentive service and fabulous food. Ms.Mills has surpassed all competitors with her attention to detail. This is a luxurious hotel for those who wish to be cared for in an understated and discrete way - even the small lobby is a testament to chic anonymity - no flash Harrys here - just quiet sophistication that reeks of class. Nothing was too much trouble, the staff knew our names before we arrived,they were friendly but not familiar.If a hotel could be awarded six stars then it would be Trump Towers. We cant wait to go again!	
Apr 15 2007 	Five Star Experience	I'm not sure why this hotel received some negative reviews as my recent stay there was flawless, and worth the money spent. My family and I booked and received a 1 bedroom suite, an elegant and comfortable space with a full kitchen. The staff was professional and friendly from the moment we arrived, including sending complimentary hot chocolate and cookies to our room upon check-in. Room service was fabulous and the cost was no worse than most other business hotels (of lower grade) in NYC, and it included a full table setup with tablecloths, flowers, etc. Despite the fairly high cost, we loved the Trump and would definitely come back.	
Feb 20 2007 	Stay Away!	As a frequent traveler to NYC luxury hotels, I have one word of advice for anyone thinking of staying here: DON'T. Despite having a confirmed reservation made through Expedia (with both an Expedia and hotel confirmation #), the front desk had no record of my reservation when I arrived. So I spent my first 1/2 hour in the hotel standing around the lobby waiting for answers. When answers finally arrived, they were completely unsatisfactory. The hotel staff decided that I did not have a reservation with the hotel, but rather with the owner of one of the rooms in this so-called &quot;hotel&quot;. The upshot was that they assigned me the worst room in my category (lowest floor, closest to elevator, no view, noisy, dingy interior) based on the misguided notion that I rented a specific room from a specific individual, rather than from the Trump hotel generally. The front desk person told me point blank that they would have gladly moved me to a better room in my category if I hadn't booked my trip on Expedia. (Something the hotel manager later confirmed). Absolutely ridiculous. Things didn't get much better from there. Cold coffee from room service, no am delivery of NY Post (after the front desk specifically asked me what newspaper I'd like), tepid hot water for the shower/bath, dated furnishings and a small bathroom. No hotel is perfect, and I could look past some of these glitches, but a hotel that chooses to treat certain guests like second-class citizens based on where they made their reservation (and presumably how much they paid) doesn't deserve your business. Stay elsewhere.	
Jan 19 2007 	Loved the location	The staff was always courteous and helped you with cabs. We had a 1 bedroom suite with a view over Columbus Circle. The room was large and had great amenities. Our friends joined us for 2 days and slept comfortably in the fold out bed, and there was no extra charge. The only minor challenge was the bathroom was a little small. Overall this was one of the best trips we had, and we hated to leave.	
Jan 17 2007	Pleasant stay	I stayed here with my boyfriend for 6 nights from January 2nd, we had a deluxe room on the 12th floor. I had requested an early check-in at 2pm (the normal time is 4pm) but on arrival the room was not ready so we had to wander around town. The room was extremely spacious with a huge plasma tv, kitchenette and an unbelievable view of Central Park. The decor of the room is nice enough and the bed was very comfortable, although the duvet seemed a little dirty. The bathroom was very small and desperately needs updating. The turndown service was generally excellent (free Fiji water, chocolates etc) but our room was not cleaned on one occasion and for the price we were paying per night this is a little annoying. The lack of lobby or bar was a real pain as it is nice to have somewhere to unwind, and for this reason we would probably want to stay somewhere else next time. The gym is well equipped and the pool is fine if a little grubby. On check-out we were surprised to see there were charges for a film and mini bar items which we did not have, this was very irritating. Overall for this price I expect more, the view was amazing but I would want to try somewhere else next time.	
Jan 3 2007 	Good	We stayed here for 4 nights over the New Year period. The pros:We liked this hotel because it was well located at Columbis Circle, our suite on the 17th floor was good with a separate living room with sofa bed for our son. The turndown service was the best we have ever experienced (but.... see below) with water, ice, clean robes etc. It had a geat kitchen with cooker, microwave and fridge. We had a really good, but expensive, New Year's Eve celebration in their Cafe with good music and food. Front desk were helpful and doormen great - friendly.The cons:We had no turn down service on New Year's Eve - which normally would not be a problem - but our son had nowhere to sleep as the sofa bed was not made up!! The staff were quite indifferent about this so it took quite a lot of persuasion to get them to sort it out. At 1.30am in the morning this was not funny!Heating in the room didn't work - it was noisy and cold and after several calls to front desk it made no difference!Would we return - probably not. We like somewhere to chill out after a meal. This hotel only has a small reception area. The bar/restaurant is a franchise of the hotel and therefore not always open.	
Jan 1 2007 	Little tired	After an amazing stay in DC at the Hay Adams I was a little dissapointed with the Tump Tower. We stayed in room 1706 and had a great view of the New Years fireworks and Central Park. After being advised at 3pm that our room would not be available for another hour we were a little dissapointed that there was nowhere to 'hang out'. - Oh the receptionist said we could go down to the pool and have a swim - 'What the???'  The room on the 17th floor was functional although it felt like a bit of a time warp - had a 70s sort of feel to it. Loved the Plasma screen and the video/dvd in both rooms(was charged 100US in the Waldorf for hire of a video/DVD), 2nd bathroom opposite the kitchen and a sitting area. Loads of hanging space and the fridge with ice maker was great to have in the room. The sofa was made up at about 6pm for the kids.The room service was pricey and I found the chef totally rude when I asked if our steaks could have pepper sauce on them. He basically told me he was too busy for private orders and if he could 'fit it in would do a cream reduction with abit of pepper in it' For over 1000US a night for the room and a steak that was 32US - I was hoping for a little bit more love . The sauce came up and was sour. Needless to say I didnt order again. The position is great -opposite the Time Warner Building and Central Park. The heater really came out of the dark ages and was quite noisy when operating. You can also hear the traffic down stairs and although it was busy - 17 floors up and I still felt I was on the pavement. Some of the furniture was broken and the pillows had the stuffing hanging out. Fiji water and choccies from the turndown sevice. Great bath products that were replenished all the time in large bottles. Room staff were polite and kept the room clean and organised(something I never have been able to do on my own!). Reception were friendly although the 'bling or fur coat ' factor helps you to get served. Stay again. No. Bit tired and getting abit old in the tooth. Loved the kitchen/size of room and plasma. The chef really got up my nose and I think I can spend my money elsewhere and not get attitude.	
Dec 27 2006 	Very Nice hotel!	We stayed here one night dec 11th after staying 6 nights at the michelangelo hotel. Wanted to try 2 hotels while we were in new york and trumps was booked some of our nights...so we had just one night at the trump. We stayed in a city view king suite i think it was called. It had a seperate living area and a kitchen and also a bedroom. It was very nice and very clean. The bathroom was nice and had a tub with jets which were nice. The bathroom was a little small but still very nice. The room was expensive especially in dec but still only 100 dollars more than our michelangelo room. They had nice toiletries, a couple free bottles of trump water and at night after turndown service they leave a couple chocolates. (The michelangelo gave us freeflowers and a box of godiva chocolates and a bottle of wine) We could hear traffic noise and horns honking but we were both tired and slept soundly which is unusual for me because i am a light sleeper so I guess the room was great for sleeping. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at the trump and would stay here again..however we do feel the michelangelo beats them on location. The Michelangelo was very convenient for walking to broadway shows, rockefeller center, radio city and times square. But the trump is nice for central park. I dont think you can go wrong with either of them.	
Dec 21 2006 	Shaky at first but there's a lot to like ...	Just got back from the Trump Intl. for my son’s 5th birthday celebration from Dec 17-21. Our party consisted of me, my wife, our 5 year old, and infant son. We booked a park view king suite with a sitting room w/ sofa bed. We stayed in room 1108. There was a main bedroom, a separate room with dining table and pull out couch/bed, a full kitchen, 1 and ½ baths, and a walk in closet.I’ll go through the bad/annoying first, and then the good stuff…1.Check in was miserable. Check in was supposed to be at 3:30, but we couldn’t get into our room until 4:30. This is a big problem with two tired kids and a miniscule lobby area.2.They won’t admit it, but I’m convinced we weren’t put into the right room category. There’s no way what we were in could count as a king bed. (the room is needed when 2 kids are in the bed to start off the morning!). The room had a very tiny bathroom. The tub was small, and there was only room for one person in the bathroom at a time. I could not stand at the sink with the door open because it was so small. Also, most high-end places have glass shower doors, not curtains! 3.Service at first was lacking. First, our room was supposed to be outfitted with all the children’s amenities.(Robes, slippers, soaps, cookies and milk, etc.) Nothing there. We had to complain to get it. The biggest problem was the turndown service. Normally, this isn’t critical, but with a pull out couch, we couldn’t put sheets on it ourselves. The first night, after checking in 1 hour late, we asked for turndown service at 5:30. We went for a walk and dinner, and returned only to find that the pull out couch wasn’t made up, and still no cookies and milk! (It was his birthday, you know). The next night, we asked for the same 5:30 service, and again no turndown. It’s really tough when you come back to put your kids to bed, only to find out that you can’t!4.I think the hotel should spend the extra money to have more window treatments put in on the extra rooms. The main bedroom was plenty dark enough, but there was only a light sheet covering the extra room. Since the room has floor to ceiling windows on 2 sides, the light coming in from Columbus circle was incredible! I only hope my 5 year old doesn’t grow up with subliminal messages from CNN as he slept under the blinding glow of their 24/7 non stop advertising electronic board…The good1.The rooms were very spacious. The views were simply spectacular. Our bedroom was a great park view, while the extra room had one wall of park view, and the other on Columbus circle. These aren’t little windows, either. They are floor to ceiling windows. 2.After the initial problems, the service picked up. Very timely room service, the staff at the restaurant knew our kids names, everyone treated us like we were royalty. On our son’s birthday, they put balloons and a full chocolate cake in the room for him.3.The toiletries are full size, and they aren’t afraid to keep giving them to you..(My wife loves the “free” toiletries..)4.The food, both at the restaurants and for room service, was excellent. Orders were always correct, food hot, you name it, they nailed it.5.Good location, particularly at the Christmas time of year. The park is across the street, there’s a Christmas fair next door, and the shopping is only a 5 minute walk away. It’s also nowhere near as crowded as the times square area.6.The building is immaculate. (Some might say too cold, lacking warmth, but I was fine with it)Now, would we stay here again? Trump was running a great deal on these rooms. They were about $400 a night cheaper then usual. We hadn’t thought much of Trump in the past, not thinking it was a “family” hotel – one that will pamper your kids. We were wrong in that regards. Our favorite hotel in NYC is the Four Seasons, with St. Regis a close second. Trump has a great hotel here, but I’m not sure it’s worth the “list” price. If we got a good special again, we might stay again. If not, we’ll probably opt for one of the other two…	
Nov 29 2006 	The bomb!	I stayed at the trump because I read reviews about it. Although out of my price range for a hotel...i thought you only live once so why not. I was blown away. Security top notch, room service was unbelievable and it was so clean that i had to compliment our attendant personally. The rooms were big for NY-garden tub spacious and comfortable bed like you would not believe. I like this hotel more than the waldorf because its so much more updated. I am young and dont want to stay in a hotel to get a tour of how ancient it is. GO TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 18 2006 	Excellent	Great . Stayed in October atfer flying in from the ritz Carlton in LA.Loved the discrete and laid back nature of this hotel, the staff are excellent and they make the place. We were waiting for our car to the airport in reception and met Bruce Willis, Adam Sandler and Colin Farrell. If these guys stay here they must be getting something right. Stay you won't be disappointed.	
Oct 16 2006	Wonderful hotel. Superb on all levels.	We stayed three nights at the Trump. The hotel is located on Central Park and the Columbus Circle. The staff is friendly and follows through on our needs. Of the finest hotels that we've stayed like the Ritz Carlton in St Thomas, Marriott Marquis in Hawaii and the Fairmont in Bermuda, this one ranks in the same class and the finest hotel in NYC.	
Oct 15 2006 	Best Option In NYC!!!	Stayed at the Trump for two nights mid October 2006. My stay could not have been better. Because I am a member of the Leader's Club I was given an complimentary upgrade. Which was really nice. I was whisked away to my suite right away, and was also given a complimentary drink of my choice at my arrival. The suite was beautifully decorated and maintenated - and it had EVERYTHING that I could wish for. It was large - lavish bedroom and a nice living room with a striking city view. The bedroom had a tv, dvd-player, a vcr-player, large closets and an extremely comfertable bed. The living room had a HUGE plasma television with dvd-player and a Nintendo. The living room had a dining area and a huge sofa and a coffeetable. Very spacious and convenient. The kitchen was well equipped and had a large bench, a large oven and a huge refrigerator. The bathrom was rather small, would be a big plus if it was more spacious. But it was nice and it had a whirlpool which is a nice feature after a long NYC-day:) Overall, the suite was so nice and all the technological features was working well, including high speed wireless internet.The service was execellent - the best ever experienced in NYC. They compete up there with the service of Four Seasons. Everyone was so courteus, humorus, smiling and attentive. Could not have been better. Everything was fixed within minutes. And the attache-service was very attentive and convenient. The food was great too. The personalized stationary and business cards was a convenient feature as well. Everything you could wish for was provided in the room, without a hassle nor a question.I have stayed at many high-end hotels in NYC, among those Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental, Ritz-Carlton, Soho House, Waldorf Towers, etc. But after this trip the Trump is my new favourite in New York City!!! Everything was so perfect and great, and I don't have a negative thing to say about the hotel. Trump knows what excellent hospitality is!! AND, the hotel was great and outstanding for a nice little romantic getaway:)	
Oct 14 2006 	Best Hotel Experience I've Ever Had	Well this was the best hotel experience I have ever had. I am a single dad with two kids. We had traveled all day from San Francisco and our luggage was lost. We arrived at the hotel around 10:00pm and were tired and a little depressed over our luggage predicament (Thank you American Airlines). We were greeted with a smile, respect, and much sympathy. The front desk had complimentry cookies and milk with a white table cloth delivered to our room to cheer us up. The hotel called me on my cell phone as soon as our luggage arrived the next day. The service was incredible. The location was outstanding. The rooms were spacious for New York. This is the place to stay when you are in NY. I will never forget this experience neither will my kids. Kudos to all the staff at Trump Tower!	
Oct 8 2006 	Great service style and location	My wife and I recently stayed at this property in NYC and we were blown away. We typically stay at the Peninsula, and decided to give this property a try based on Amex Platinum Travel's recommendation. We were upgraded to a beautiful suite, complete with a full kitchen. The service was great, as was the location. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 26 2006 	Don't Stay Anywhere Else!!!	Before our trip to NYC, I used Trip Advisor to read reviews about the hotels in Manhattan. The only hotel that had nothing but perfect reviews was the Trump Intl...with good reason.The reviews we read about the hotel were exactly right. The staff at the hotel did anticipate our every need. There was not one thing we wanted for during our stay. (Usually, I have to ask for an extra blanket or extra coffee - not here.)Coming from a small town in Texas &amp; staying at such a high profile hotel in such a huge city, we did not expect the truly personal attention we received from every hotel employee. Each of them went out of their way to be more than friendly &amp; could not have been more helpful with directing us around the city.Not only will we visit NYC again &amp; often but we positively will stay only at the Trump. It may be more expensive than the other hotels in the area but it is truly worth it!	
Aug 21 2006	Wonderful Experience	Our suite had a view of Columbus Circle and Central Park, and was simply magnificent. Staff was impeccable -- helpful in every respect without being pretentious. We paid $1395 for 2 nights and the 3rd night was free, bringing the rate to $1100 per night. It was worth every penny -- a surprising alternative for 3 women who were sharing the 1,000 sq. ft. room (only $350 each) with 1.5 bathrooms, a livingroom, a large bedroom and kitchenette. We were very comfortable and well taken care of. All of us are experienced business travellers with high standards.	
Aug 17 2006	Loved it.	Ok, so its a five star hotel, costs a bomb, but you expect the best. It certainly lived up to our expectations. When we were checking in, we mentioned to the receptionist that we were getting married in the city a few days later. She came up trumps (excuse the pun), and promply gave us one of the best suites in the hotel. Top floor, Central Park, and Columbus Circle view. We had already paid for the view, but we had not paid for a suite, but got one anyway due to our special occasion. It was HUGE! Much bigger than our house at home! Which is a nice surprise as hotel rooms in New York are notoriously small. It had a seperate guest toilet, kitchen, two walk in wardrobes, big bedroom with central park view, main bathroom with seperate vanity area, and big living room with floor to ceiling views of both Central Park, and Columbus Circle. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, and they were all polite and friendly without being intrusve. Overall, very impressed!	
Aug 13 2006 	expected more	We had a lovely 2 room suite with a view of Central Park. The suite comes with a small but complete kitchen. Maid service was excellent and unobtrusive.The staff were not discourteous but they were not friendly either. Room service arrived cold. Lighting in bedrooms and bathrooms is very dim. Our suite had a peculiar odor which didn't go away during our 3 day stay. I probably wouldn't stay here again.	
Jul 31 2006 	Overall great experience	The Trump Hotel definitely exceeded my expectations. What really impressed me were the level of service by the front desk, housekeeping, and all of the attendants and doormen as well as the range of hotel services. The room was impeccable and very comfortable, although a bit on the small side in comparison to other one bedroom suites I've stayed in. Large flatscreen and huge windows and a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was a bit small, but very nice. Overall just enough for a very comfortable stay whether long or short.The room service was speedy, delicious and well worth the money.They had a complimentary laptop and printer brought up to my room at request.I can't say enough great things about the staff... they were extremely friendly and courteous. A very comfortable atmosphere. The location was great as well.The Jean Georges restaurant's formal dining room is also nice for a romantic evening and the food isn't bad either, although the attitude of the restaurant staff wasn't nearly as warm as the hotel staff. I would suggest looking elsewhere, unless you're really lazy (in which case it would be more worthwhile to just take advantage of the great room service).My biggest gripe was with one of the concierge. I had called down to ask about the availability of the hotel car. I was advised it would be available in about 5-10 min and that I should come down to wait for it. When I went down and asked the concierge about it, he was SO EXTREMELY RUDE! and antagonistic about it... as if I was out of line to even ASK about the hotel car. I was really shocked with his coarse attitude and it was just uncalled for. I've never encountered such a rude concierge in my entire life... but the rest of the staff made up for it.	
Jul 21 2006 	Trump Tastic - Loved it	Last leg of our Honeymoon - previously stayed at the Regent Beverly Willshire (LA) and Bellagio (Vegas). Arrived into the small and personal (less imposing than I'd thought) lobby, and greeted warmly and offered an upgrade to a park view suite - excellent!! The suite was very nice - quite small by LA standards, but had a large plasma TV and the most comfortable bed of the whole stay (sorry FS). The bathroom was a little small and surprised we had a shower over the bath rather than a separate. Views to die for, apart from if they have a fun run at 8am on a Saturday morning!! Food was very nice, although the breakfast was not as good as other hotels, so we ended up using diners for $20 instead of $80 room service. Conceierge (Carlos) was brilliant and everybody was very friendly - although not FS friendly - can anybody be as friendly as the FS staff???I would recommend this for the service, location and the accomodation - although not sure the reaction if we hadn't had been upgraded - I suspect the standard room would be very small. Perhaps we'll try the FS or Ritz next time.....p.s. See Dirty Rotten Scoundrels - absolutely brilliant!!	
Jul 4 2006	We love the Trump	This was our second stay at the Trump. We were in NYC for 8 nights, so I split the trip between the Trump and the Ritz in Battery Park. I should have stayed at the Trump the entire time. Why?1. Fabulous location, Subway station 30 seconds from front door, easy access for taxis and Whole Foods Grocery and great jazz club across the street in the Time Warner Building. Central Park Views...I could go on.....2. There is no better housekeeping staff that I have encountered in any hotel I have stayed at in NYC, ( St. Regis, Plaza, Meridian, Ritz).3. The bathroom has two sinks, a Jacuzzi Tub and the best linens.4. They clean and refresh the bathroom twice a day.5. Lot's of closet space6. The Lobby is small, but so what. I think that is probably safer so they can monitor walk-ins more closely. The security seems very good.I did check out the Mandarin, but I think the taxi access is not as good, especiialy if you are in a hurry to get to a show.The Ritz has some nice features, but the items above were the differences that were important to me. The taxi rides (dangerous drivers) from Broadway to the Ritz were a nightmare and the subway station is several blocks away and I didn't feel safe walking in the area.	
May 31 2006	Stellar Experience	Stayed 5 nights in one of the larger 1 bedroom suites. Upon arrival we were greeted by name and whisked up to our suite immediately. The suite was truly gorgeous; large (about 1100 sq feet), with 2 bathrooms and a huge walk-in closet as well a very functional kitchenette, and fabulous views of central park, columbus circle, and down broadway. Furnishings were modern and high-end. Wine for us and treats for the kids were waiting for us, as was a gift of a beautiful leather travel wallet. Luggage was delivered promptly, along with an offer to unpack for us. The technology butler arrived within minutes to set up a complementary laptop with broadband access, and the bellman brought up four six-packs of Fiji water on the house. Service was truly top-notch throughout our stay. We had guests visit several evenings, and decided to order in rather than leave our beautiful suite; the concierge staff provided a thick packet of take-out menus ranging from Pizza to Chinese to Italian to Thai, etc., then delivered our order to the suite, along with more complimentary Fiji water and fresh truffles. I must admit that I had expected Trump to be more about flash and glitz than service, but this hotel was understated elegance with impeccible service; the opposite of what I expected! No question of where we will stay next time we are in NYC!	
May 23 2006	Wonderful	We just spent an amazing 3 nights at Trump. It was the highlight of our trip, especially for our 16 yr old son. We had a one bedroom suite.	
May 8 2006	Flawless!	We had the opportunity to stay at the Trump Hotel in late April for a 4-day anniversary celebration. I spoke directly with the hotel when making reservations in January, and booked a 3-night-stay (for the price of 2 nights), which was an AmEx deal. Even though we do not have an AmEx card, this was not a problem, and the reservations office worked with me for almost an hour to determine the best package/price available. (No deal on other booking sites priced out lower than the one we chose.)We arrived in NYC around lunchtime, and hoped to stow the luggage before going on walkabout since we were quite early for check-in. We were pleasantly surprised to find that our room was ready, and we had been upgraded from a deluxe room to a city suite (an extra 300 sq. ft.) overlooking Broadway on the 16th floor. I had requested a higher floor (to avoid traffic noise) when booking, and they were more than accommodating. While we did not have a view of CP, the lights at night were lovely, and watching the traffic in the morning was fun.Upon settling into our suite we found a bottle of champagne in honor of our special occasion, along with notes from the staff. (In fact we received quite a bit of mail from the staff!) As we do not drink, I called the attaché the next morning to ask if perhaps they could find a new home for the lovely gift; they responded by offering some sparkling grape juice, if available, which would have been fine. Instead, they provided cheese and fruit trays in the late afternoon on our second day—quite a welcome snack and a great addition to the breakfasts we picked up at Europa Café or Starbucks each morning. (Godiva coffee is also provided for free in the suite’s kitchen.)The room was cleaned to the most discriminating white-glove standards, and tended to be a bit more modern (Scandanavian) in design rather than old world luxurious; but the furnishings were in excellent condition, and, along with the lovely bedding, quite comfortable. The marble bath had ample counter space for 2 and we made use of the kitchen facilities throughout our stay. (I especially loved the dish fairy who whisked away any dirty dishes/linens in the kitchen twice a day!) The towels and robes were luxuriously heavy; the amenities provided left us lacking nothing; and the Belgian chocolates and chilled Fiji water each evening were the perfect finishing touch. I have never stayed in a cleaner, better-appointed room in any of my travels worldwide (though hubby still favors a suite he once had at The Plaza overlooking CP—not really a fair comparison since The Plaza is no longer a hotel). The daily maid service, door men, concierge, and spa personnel were consistently helpful and polite; in short, the service was flawless! Having worried about whether to book at Trump or The Palace, I was not disappointed.The spa/exercise area is well-equipped and scrupulously kept, and the changing rooms provide everything you could need. Even swimming is easy with all of their amenities—just bring a suit! I wish there had been more time to enjoy this area, and the staff was quite helpful.We chose not to eat at Nougatine for breakfast or lunch, picking up less expensive alternatives and bringing them back to the suite. But we did enjoy a dinner at Jean-Georges on our last evening. (This had been booked over a month earlier with the concierge, who took care of reserving on the proper day; much easier as you don’t have to worry about which day to call or difficulty in getting through on the phone lines.) The dinner itself was delightful, the food having wonderful flavors, esp. on the tasting samples and first two courses. The main course and dessert were quite nice, but not as exciting in comparison to the first two courses. The service was seamless and the presentation of each dish like admiring a work of art. We even caught sight of the master himself overseeing details in the busy dining room. It was a memorable evening and the perfect way to end our stay at the Trump, but we would probably consider trying Daniel on the UES next time as an alternative.The lobby area is intimate, as some previous reviewers have noted; I enjoyed the coziness as the feel is more like returning to a home than a hotel. Hubby would have preferred larger seating areas, esp. on our last day, when we checked out and stowed luggage for most of the day. We returned to freshen up in the spa area, but still had about an hour before leaving for Penn Sta.; we waited down in a seating area of the spa, but probably would have preferred the lobby, had it been larger.Location at Columbus Circle is quite convenient for enjoying CP, walking to Lincoln Center, or shopping on 5th Ave; we even walked through CP several times when going to the Met. Museum of Art, and subway access is just down the street from the front door. We hated to leave and return to common life, but as the housekeeping personnel assured me on our final morning—the only way to come back is to leave! Hope your stay is as perfect as our experience was.	
Feb 27 2006	Very nice but not perfect	My husband and I stayed for 1 night this weekend as last minute getaway. What makes Trump special: intimate feel to hotel;prompt response to requests;fab restaurant ;rooms are well stocked with quality amenities ie: full sized bath products, large braun coffee maker,Godiva coffee, robes and slippers, umbrellas; health club is great and included in room rate. What I didn't find special: We had the lowest room category. Next up category was unavail when I booked and I didn't want to spring for a suite on this trip. At check-in I asked to upgrade to Dlx king and desk immediately said it wasn't available--but when I later checked web-site from my room, they were showing EVERY room category open? Point is, hotel was not sold out but we must have been given worst room in hotel---probably due to paying the weekend special rate of $475++---an admitted bargain for Central Park. Extremely small, even by nyc standards as square footage was taken up by a foyer and bathroom. Two pple couldn't walk around the bed or get to closet. View was straight on of construction. I also felt that staff was pleasant but on auto pilot. I stood at concierge desk but needed to address them first as no one asked to help me. Upon return to hotel, no greeting by name and concierge didn't ask if we liked his recommendation. This is a small reception area where more personal guest interaction would seem appropriate. We paid a low rate and I believe the attitude here subtly reflected that.I really did not get the feeling of being an important guest at this hotel and THAT is what usually sets exceptional hotels apart. Maybe I had a chip on my shoulder or maybe I'm unfairly interpereting lowkey as disinterested. I would be curious to try this hotel when paying their usual 850+ room rate. We have stayed in many of the city's 4or5 * hotels and depending on the time of year/week, pay either fairly or exhorbitantly so I'm trying to make a fair comparison. In all, I would recommend this hotel if you are in a suite or room w/ view. Just not special enough to me otherwise. I just got the feeling that at this hotel you definitely are what you pay.	
Jan 10 2006	Great choice in NYC	I have stayed at several NYC hotels and Trump is my new favorite. Fabulous location by the park and Cols. Circle, very nice rooms and the best service I have experienced in NY. You can often get suites at good rates from the hotel booking services and the rooms are very nice. Perfect for families with 2 kids without having to get a 2nd room and they include a kitchenette that they will pre-fill with snacks etc. The concierge staff, lead by Carlos, is top notch in personal service. I tested them well and they came through several times. The fitness center and spa is not huge but more than adequate and the pool, which is often hard to find, is a nice extra, especially if you are with children. Food in the restaurant is also excellent, be sure to try the breakfasts.	
Jan 4 2006	Couldn't fault it.	We arrived on 31 December early afternoon, and were informed that check-in was at 4pm but they would call me on my mobile phone when the room was ready. Being cynical I didn't believe they would call, especially since my number is a UK mobile. However they did call a couple of hours later to say the we could check-in at our convenience.When we checked in we were upgraded to a suite with a view of Central Park and Columbus Circle. We were really delighted about this, especially since this was New Year's Eve and we'd paid a really good (low) rate for our original room-type (an executive city view suite).The reception staff, doormen, security people and porters couldn't have been more pleasant - very professional yet down to earth. I can honestly say they made us both feel really welcome - unlike many, many other hotels we've visited.When we got to the room there was a welcome letter, 'thank you' gift (a leather wallet), red rose(!) and personalised stationery set with our names on it. Small touches like that made a really good impression.The suite itself was amazing, but I have to say that we were probably impressed by the views more than anything else. If we'd had a similar suite with a view of the surrounding streets, we'd not have been so impressed.Having said that, the bedroom and living room were both a very good size, immaculately clean and very comfortable. The kitchen was useful. The only criticism would be that the bathroom and the WC were both really small.Check out was the most slick and professional we've had. The porter came up to our room to collect the bags almost immediately I called - this is unheard of, and typified the superior service we got from the Trump.The doorman hailed us a cab and we were on our way back home, sorry to leave the Trump International, but delighted with our experience there and promising to go back as soon as we can.Final note: if you want a hotel with a lobby the size of a football pitch, go to the New York Hilton, but it seems to me that the size of the lobby is inversely proportionate to every other aspect of staying here.	
Jan 1 2006	The Trump was a Flump!	The lobby was small. I've seen better at a motel. The concergie dropped one of my bags which resulted in damage to a few of my items. The rooms were average and not worth the price.	
Dec 7 2005	Service Service Service	We traveled to NYC for Thanksgiving with our two teenagers. We'd been to NYC before, and stayed at the Plaza (which we were not impressed with). I usually go for traditional type hotels. The Trump International is not traditional and is very modern. But we liked the location. The service couldn't have been better! We called for an extra set of towels, they arrived within 10 mins and for the remainder of our 5 day stay, an extra set of towels was placed on the bed. There was no detail left out to make your stay as enjoyable and as comfortable as it could be. The drain in our tub was a little slow, so I called down, on Thanksgiving morning, as the parade was strolling outside the hotel. Someone was up within 5 mins and it was fixed. The concierge staff was delightful, helpful and very courteous. As was everyone we encountered at the Trump International. The housekeeping staff was the best we've ever seen. We usually stay at places like the Four Seasons, Ritz, etc. So we have many great places to compare the Trump with.The restaurant, Jean-Georges, was excellent. We went there for Thanksgiving dinner. Although it wasn't the traditional meal the teenagers were looking for, the food was fabulous! Again, the service in the restaurant was top notch. No one was stiff. They were all friendly and not &quot;fake&quot; friendly. We ate other meals in Jean-Georges and found them equally as wonderful.The location of the hotel is perfect. It was easy to get in and out of. Easy to return to. Centrally located. And we could take taxi's or walk just about everywhere.Oh and the creme-de-la-creme - the bed, pillows and sheets. Out of this world! I have NEVER slept so well away from home, ever! The room was nothing fancy in terms of decoration, but it helped for us to have the full kitchen there for late night snacks, drinks and entertaining. Everything was spotless too.We stayed on the 7th floor overlooking Columbus Circle. The sunrises and sunsets were magnificent over the park.When we go back to NYC, I'll always want to stay at the Trump International.	
Nov 28 2005	Fabulous Suite!	We just returned from our visit to NY city and the highlight of our trip was our stay at Trump International. After having to wait until 4pm to check-in we were delighted when we saw our &quot;room&quot;, as we were upgraded to a one-bedroom suite. We booked a Deluxe Room. It was the nicest room we have ever stayed in, mainly because of the size of the suite and the view...WOW! We were on the 10th floor overlooking Columbus Circle.The location was perfect. The Time Warner Center is right across the street with access to good shopping, fine dining and entertainment. A major subway station is less than a block away at Columbus Circle, making it very easy to traverse town......as soon as you figure it out, which took us a couple of days. (Get a good subway map from the concierge). Since I am a jazz fan it was very convenient being right across the street from Dizzy's Club Coca-Cola, a wonderful intimate jazz &quot;supper club&quot;. Go if you get a chance. The food and jazz are fantastic. Check it out on the internet. There is also a &quot;bigger stage&quot; within the complex where Wynton Marsalis is usually performing.The service was impeccable and you will not be disappointed with Trump International. The little details were a treat. We used to faithfully stay at Le Parker Meridien on 56th Street but there is NO comparison. We are now loyal fans of Trump International and we are looking forward to our next trip to NYCity!	
Nov 19 2005 	Not 5 Star	The Trump is more hype than luxury. We booked a specific room type through Amex Platinum for 5 nights and were given something totally different that smelled awful. When we complained, after 1 hour, they moved us to a smaller room over the front door. This room had street noise and a tiny bathroom. The Plasma TV had poor reception and the room really needed touch up repairs.I found a typically New York &quot;whatever&quot; attitude at this hotel and impersonal service. The lack of any public spaces was also very annoying and the bar in the Jean-Georges restaurant has few seats. For $500/night you have many other choices, I suggest you use them.	
Nov 18 2005	Like Royalty!	We just got back from our trip on the Remembrance/Veteran's Day long weekend. The hotel was one of the great highlights of New York. It was very close to all amenities. Across from Central Park and a 10 minute walk to times square. The room was very spacious and we had a great view of the city. The lobby was small but the people were very generous and helpful. The concierge would find out any information we needed about restaurants, tickets and attractions and even made reservations for us. The staff pretty much knew who you were after the first day! There were many celebrities that were staying at this hotel as well! That was a nice surprise. I would come back here again!!	
Nov 6 2005	Perfect Luxury Family Hotel	Elegant rooms with full kitchens! Ceiling-to-floor windows with city and park views. Nine foot ceilings with eight foot doors. Outrageously clean. Attentive staff. Since the hotel is relatively small, the security and front end staff easily recognize you. This, combined witht he mandatory key accessed elevator leaves you with a sense of heightened security.This hotel is perfectly located on Columbus Circle and Central Park. It's 7 years old and looks newer. Get over the price and the rest is a &quot;10&quot;.	
Oct 25 2005 	Best hotel in NYC	As many people have attested to on this site, the Trump Intl is really one of a kind. I have always stayed in one of the executive suites and the rooms, service, views, amenities, etc., have always been top notch. Upon arrival, the look of the lobby area can be deceiving because it is very unpretentions and smaller than most Marriott/Westin/Mandarin type lobbies - which is actually a good thing. The smaller entry translates into a much cozier environment, where all the staff try to recognize your arrival and treat you like royalty. They are extremely accomodating and don't hover for tips; they genuinely try and help you out. Additionally, the rooms are fabulous. As many have already mentioned, everything from the plasma TV, to the bathroom fixtures to the soaps and bath salts, really make you feel right at home. The kitchen is fully stocked with china and you can even have the chef from the downstairs restaurant come up and cook you a private meal if you wish for a little privacy.It's really an amazing place and although the rooms are not cheap, the Trump really goes the extra mile to ensure that your stay is worth the money. Don't fall into the trap of staying at one of the older name hotels. The Trump has it all and more.	
Oct 23 2005 	GREAT	This is a great hotel i would definetly recommend all to stay here if price is not an object. Service is top-notch good recommendation of restaurants, bars. Rooms large and comfortable, nice linens, chocolate, water, orchids, letterpaper with your name printed on it is a nice touch. Own kitchen, large wardrobe. Jacuzzi hot tub not so large but comfortable for one person. I would like to stay there again if somebody else pays the bill...One of my best hotel experiences sofar.	
Oct 10 2005	Trump International Hotel and Towers Outstanding	My husband and I stayed at the Trump International Hotel and Towers for 3 nights Sept. 28- Oct.1. What an incredible place. I have stayed in larger rooms, but have never stayed in a hotel any better. The location is the best across the street from Central Park you can walk almost anywhere. One day we walked 64 blocks and saw everthing from Grand Central Station, The Empire State Building, Time Square and over half of Central Park. They think of everything. An umbrella in the room for when it rains; a small filled kitchen with stove microwave, fridge with free water, silverware, coffee pot and even a toaster; 2 walk in closets with robes very soft and a dresser; the bathroom is a little small has a jacuzzi tub/ shower. The bed was extremely comfortable and the pillows outstanding[ great after a 5+ hour flight.] Now the service. They make you feel like you are the only guest in this 173 room hotel. Ask and they will do everything they can to fill all your requests. This hotel isn't inexpensive, but neither is any other hotel in New York. I know that if I return to New York I won't stay anywhere but Trump.	
Oct 4 2005	WOW ! Everything is Just so well done	My Fiancé and I stayed at Trump International for 3 nights and I cannot recommend this Hotel highly enough. Our room on the 16th floor had an amazing view across Central Park. The kingsize bed was soooo comfortable. We had Dinner at the restaurant in the hotel “Jean George”. This meal was probably one of the best I have ever had. Expensive ($500 for both of us) but worth every penny. Breakfast was also of the highest order. I wanted to eat at a Downtown Restaurant called Nobu but couldn’t get a table. I asked a Concierge called Carlos and withing minutes he had arranged a table for us that night @ 9.30pm. He was so helpful with every aspect of my stay. All the staff were so helpful and polite. I can’t wait to visit again.	
Oct 3 2005	Great Family Apprentice Weekend	While visiting family in NJ from Colorado, my husband and I took our two sons (10 and 7) to New York City for an &quot;Apprentice Weekend&quot; during the first season of the show during April, 04. Our plan was to show them all the &quot;sights&quot; shown in the TV show that they loved. So naturally we had to stay at the Trump Tower Hotel. We booked a single room for three weekday nights, which I was told had a Queen bed and a pullout sofa bed large enough for 2 kids. The weekday price was around $480 per night.Upon arrival we were initially disappointed at the understated and very small lobby -- we expected a grander one given &quot;the Donald's&quot; famous &quot;over the top&quot; personality. However, we grew to like its intimacy during our stay and loved the staff -- who kept good-naturedly &quot;teasing&quot; the boys if they had seen Britney Spears (who was also there during our stay). The lobby feels very safe and homey and a bit of a throw-back to a &quot;50s-style&quot; NYC hotel, so I can see why it attracts some celebs to stay there.The bellman and front desk staff were very friendly and professional. We were shown our room which was pretty small, but beautifully decorated. Unfortunately, the pullout sofa was a single bed and there was no floor room for a rollaway or cot for the second child. The view of the park was exceptional. But we didn't feel this room was worth the price or met our high expectations of staying at &quot;Trump Tower.&quot;So with prompting from our great bellman, we nicely explained to the front desk that we needed a larger room. Our wonderful bellman waited with us in the room and &quot;coached&quot; me on how to get the upgrade for no additional cost, which we successfully did in only 20 minutes. We were then shown to a one bedroom suite which was FABULOUS!! It did not overlook Central Park -- so we lost our view, but we absolutely loved our new suite! It had a large bedroom -- almost twice the size of the first room with the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in -- and I've slept in some nice ones! That room had a large TV and plenty of dresser space and a stuffed chair and ottoman to sit by the window. We also had a huge closet. The boys were in a separate room -- the living room -- which had a very nice comfy pullout sofa (double) and a flat screen TV (complete with video games to rent) and a telescope!! The room also had a large desk, two stuffed chairs and a round dining room table for five/six people. The suite was extremely homey, perfectly decorated in a sage green color-hued contemporary style, and had just the right space for a family. The white and black kitchen had pots, pans, dishes, a mini bar, etc and was as large as most NYC kitchens -- 8x7 or so. It was stocked with Donald waters and every night we found &quot;Cookies and fresh milk&quot; waiting for us. The room had great plush bathrobes and slippers and the bathroom was large and luxurious. We even entertained friends from NYC one night in the suite. The locatation was also fantastic. It is right on Central Park and there is a great place for kids to climb and play -- a huge &quot;rock&quot; and cement structure- kindof thing that they loved right by the hotel in the Park. There is a subway stop at the corner near the hotel that we used to go everywhere. (We didn't know about the &quot;hotel car.&quot;) You really don't need a car if staying here since it is really pricey to park it. We shopped every morning for bagels and coffee next door in the Whole Foods. There was also a cute deli and a Star Bucks nearby. Never ate at Jean Georges as it wasn't a kid-type place (why pay $50 for chicken fingers right?), but it did look nice for adults.All in all we loved this hotel, but really loved it because of the upgraded suite that we got for the same price as a small room. I would not have liked it if we keep the first small room.	
Sep 28 2005	Finally an American hotel with top Asian service	As a regular business traveller to Asia and sometimes Europe, I am always telling my friends how I am so spoiled by the great hotels of Asia and how American hotels, even the top ones really ----.Well I now stand corrected. My wife was having a &quot;milestone&quot; birthday and I decided to take her to NYC for a surprise weekend. After reviewing many hotels and using tripadvisor I decided to spend a little more and stay at Trump International. For the money I was paying I could of stayed at a suite at the Peninsula in HK or my favorite hotel Raffles in Singapore, so I was not too excited to spend that kind of money for a NY hotel.I was very surprised upon arriving that this hotel had a very understated and small lobby which I liked. I was greeted at the door by the doorman then by the front desk staff, who were excellent. We were informed that we were early for check in but that our room should be ready in an hour and suggested we go and relax in the spa or take a short walk for breakfast. Upon check in we were upgraded to a corner suite! The room was GREAT. Two bathrooms a kitchen, bedroom and a living room dining room with views of Columbus circle and the park. My only complaint was the size of the bathroom in the bedroom. A bit small.Overall the room was great! I did not want to leave the hotel. In fact one day (Sunday) I had guest over for breakfast (the room had a small dining room) and we just hung out looking at the great views and watching some sports on the nice flat screen TV while my wife and friends shopped on 5th avenue ( a short 2 or 3 blocks away).During my stay I had a Fed Ex delivery and I can say that everytime I needed anything from the staff they were excellent and very polite. In fact after checking in, the first time we left the building the doorman said goodbye to us and called us by our name. It really felt as we lived in the building.I will never stay at another hotel in NYC other than this hotel. This is really a first class hotel with world class service and GREAT views!Good job Donald!	
Sep 26 2005	good quality hotel	We had a queen room with city view. Room was large, had kitchen and loads of storage. When we arrived at the hotel our room was not immediatly ready. I expected it to be ready as the staff had previously asked us to state time of arrival so they could have the room cleaned.The front desk staff were very attentive and friendly, and not condescending (my boyfriend and i are 23 and not wealthy!) as another review had suggested. However, the other guests in the hotel were either blonde model types or older couples with face lifts and giant hair(a little scary after a 7 hour flight).We were promised a fresh pot of tea shortyl after checking in. We waited for an hour and nothing arrived.....so I gave up! Not really a problem as there were plenty of teabags in the mini kitchen in the room! The room itself was really nicely decorated and the flat screen TV a treat. I loved the view and the bed was incredibly comfortable. The room service (which we sampled on 2 occasions) was brilliant, very fast and not too expensive. I had a Sweish massage in the spa which, although exp., was very relaxing.The location cannot be beaten.....and the bottled water with Donalds face on it in the spa was brilliant. If I was rich I would stay here again but in a suite.....	
Aug 12 2005	Great location 	Our experience in shopping around amongst the hotels that could guarantee a park view was that this was one of best priced options available, given that we were looking for a suite and not a single room.We called all the major hotels bordering the park (as well as many a street or two away), and the Trump was the only place where we could get a 1 BR suite with a guaranteed park view for under $1,000 a night (admittedly we were calling at short notice, less than a week in advance of arrival), and the TI beat that price by a comfortable margin.The views through the floor-to-ceiling windows were wonderful, and the rooms were spacious, clean and well appointed. In particular, the linen was high quality and the large plasma TV and DVD player were a big hit with our 11 year old, as was the telescope (a very nice touch we thought).We found the room to be very well maintained with the exeception of a broken lock on a window that opened at floor level (quite dangerous for our inquisitive 4 year old), but this was very promptly fixed when we pointed it out.All the staff that we encountered were helpful, courteous and well presented.We liked the fact that the lobby space was small and quiet, without any unnecessary extravagence.Room service food was wonderful, but bear in mind that it comes from the restaurant at ground level (Jean George) so it's not cheap. The restaurant itself is well worth a visit -- we found the food inventive but not overly complicated and very much enjoyed a meal that was very tasty and promptly served despite a full house.Overall we were very impressed by the Trump International -- in our opinion we got great value for our money and will definitely stay there again.	
Aug 7 2005	Living in Luxury	We arrived at Trump Towers for a two night stay in an executive city suite. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left we received seamless excellent service. The room was beautiful, the whirlpool bath perfect after a long walk in Central Park. The location is perfect; within walking distance to a lot of exciting places. Whenever we called the front desk with a request it was handled in the shortest time I've ever experienced in a hotel. The rooms were nice sized, the ceilings high, and the walls well insulated. We felt at home, not like we were in a touristy hotel. (There is even a doorbell to the room.) The nightly turn down service with chocolates was great, as well as the ice bucket filled each night by staff. The bath products were top notch. Mr. Trump and his staff have an eye to detail and service. We were living in luxury.	
Jul 27 2005	Not sure it was worth it	We stayed at the Trump Hotel in May, and overall, it was probably not worth the money, especially if you are paying full price. We booked a one-room suite for two nights, with one night for free ($1200/night was standard rate). The suite we were brought to was NOT what was described to me by the Trump Hotel employee on the phone when I booked this trip - there was no kitchen, there was only one bathroom and it was actually pretty small. And, it reeked of old smoke. We had our two young children with us, and we were all pretty tired by this point, and they had no idea how long we would have to wait. It's not much fun to sit in limbo with two little kids. After waiting for two hours and hearing nothing, we had to call the front desk to find out what was going on. We were eventually brought to the correct suite, but NO ONE apologized or seemed to care. We called a manager the next day, assuming that perhaps they were not aware of the mistakes - he pretty much didn't care beyond offering a half-hearted apology. Please understand that we were polite and probably a little too nice during all of this.At checkout, there were $60 of charges on our final bill that we never made. And, there was a big grease mark on our glove compartment that wasn't there when we dropped off our car at valet parking. On the plus side: The corner suite that we ended up staying in had absolutely incredible views of Columbus Circle and Central Park. Every employee that we encountered, with the exception of that one manager, was very professional and pleasant. Room service was prompt and the food was delicious (insanely expensive, but delicious). It was great to use the hotel's car instead of a taxi. And yes, after a second phone call to a different manager the following week, we did receive a small refund.We had very high expectations for this hotel, mostly due to all of the hotel's hype on its website (I'll admit that I do fall for that kind of thing). We wonder if it was a little bit of &quot;bait and switch&quot; due to the fact we were only paying half-price (still $600/night). If you can get a great deal, maybe it's worth a try - but DEFINITELY make sure you get what you are promised.	
Jul 14 2005	Spectacular Service at the Trump	My husband &amp; I stayed in a deluxe room at the Trump for 3 nights, 4 days. The service was absolutely outstanding. From the friendliness of the doormen to the attentiveness of the elevator operator, not one detail was overlooked. We had booked an early flight and arrived at the hotel shortly after 930 on the morning of check-in. We quite expected to leave our luggage and come back after lunch to see whether our room was ready, however the staff at the desk informed us that our room was available and that we could check in immediately. The room itself was spacious and modern, with 2 large closets and a mini kitchen. The decor was restful, the lines and colors clean and not overly fussy as we have seen in other 5 star hotels. We were on the 15th floor with wonderful views of the city. We didn't have any trouble sleeping, nor did we ever hear noise from any other part of the hotel. We did take advantage of room service from Jean Georges and it was prompt and courteous. The food was exquisite. The concierge was wonderfully helpful and honest with his recommendations. All in all, while the hotel as a whole is what you would expect from a 5 star property, what really made the Trump stand out for us was the hospitality of every member of the staff. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 3 2005	Location Location...Service Service!	After trying unsuccessfully to find a room on short notice by internet to take my 12 year old daughter to Midsummer's Night Dream at Lincoln center, I began desperately calling to check cancellations. Trump has a 48 hour cancellation policy so I was able to call on Monday before I needed the Wed room. The reservationist was not only sympathetic but thought he had just heard a cancellation called in. After a couple of minutes on hold, he told me he had a 1 BR suite available and even though it normally goes for over $800 a night, he could let me have it for $695. Yes, it is a lot of money for a room but it was entirely worth it-especially for ultra luxury in New York City. Check in is at 4PM. We found ourselves at Columbus Circle for lunch and went on over to check in. We knew the room would not be ready but we dropped off our bags, checked in and came back at 4:30PM. The room was ready but I had noticed construction going on next door and I asked if the room overlooked the construction. The lovely lady at check in said yes and I explained that we really wanted to sleep late. She said she would check to see what she could do. She really worked at it and put us in a wonderful corner room on the highest floor of the hotel overlooking the Time-Warner building. I felt that we had been treated like Donald Trump would have been. The staff was all interested in my daughter's happiness. They even printed her own Trump business cards. When we returned from the ballet, they were interested in her review of the ballet. She is an aspiring Prima Ballerina. The bed was soooo comfortable, the bath amenities were wonderful and generous sized. There was complimentary bottled water in the frig(Donald's face on the label.) The chocolates left at turn down were wonderful. Even the sofa bed was comfortable; usually my daughter hates them but she slept very comfortably.I had planned a pre-theater dinner at a charming French bistro but my daughter was having so much fun with the remote control curtains, the bubbly jacuzzi bath and the exquisite view, that I cancelled the reservations and ordered room service. Wonderful food, wonderful service!Instead of finding our usual deli-style breakfast, we really splurged and had breakfast in our jammies! I thought the better value was dinner. Breakfast was really overpriced although very good...and as the commercial says...the experience was priceless. We will always remember breakfast in our jammies at the Trump International.Thank you, to the staff of the Trump International for helping to build memories!	
Jun 27 2005	Pampered	We spent two nights (Friday and Saturday) in a 1-bedroom suite overlooking Central Park and Broadway. The room was impeccable, tasteful, extremely clean and very comfortable. We arrived to a bottle of champage, a dozen roses, chocolate covered strawberries in the refrigerator and a fantastic breakfast the first morning. When we left the hotel to shop on Saturday around 11 we came back at dinner time and found our room clean and fresh as if we hadn't been there at all. I really enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to anyone. The location is also such a benefit!	
Jun 10 2005	Excellent Location Fantastic Staff Luxurious Environment	We stayed in a two-bedroom park view suite for $1895 per night. Loved every minute. Room service was exceptional; the staff was more the helpful; and the added bonus of a full kitchen with china was most appreciated. This is BY FAR the best hotel in New York City. We will return again and again -- because it is such a bargain.	
May 18 2005	Disappointing	We arrived at noon on Saturday the 14th. We didn't expect our room to be ready because we were quite early. Hotel stored our bags and told us to check back at 4pm. Came back at 5pm and our 2 bedroom suite still wasn't available. They gave us another room to stay in until our suite was ready.Went to dinner and came back at 9:30pm. Bellman was just moving our bags into our suite. Yes the suite was awesome. 2 1/2 baths, beautiful view of Central Park on one side and Columbus Circle from the front. All the amenities including a plasma screen tv, robes and slippers in each room. Was a bit noisy as we were only on the 5th floor. We had ordered a cake to be waiting in our suite as it was our daughter's 17th birthday. Had to call about the cake and it finally arrived at 10:15pm.However it was the most awful cake. Couldn't eat it. Told the front desk and they told us to order whatever we wanted from the dessert menu and have it sent to our suite. They also agreed that we should be able to order anything for breakfast and have it sent to our room since our suite was so delayed in being available.Fortunately the weather in NYC was beautiful on Saturday and we were able to spend the entire day enjoying the sights and shopping. However at over $1200 a night there should have been NO PROBLEMS!Would we go back? Hmmm, not so sure. This trip was a very special occassion for our daughter and that it is why we decided to really splurge.We have stayed in many other beautiful hotels in NYC and not had such a delay. I will say that the staff was very friendly and did try to accomodate us as best as possible. But they need to come up with a better plan for getting guests into the type of accomodation they reserved.	
May 16 2005	Trump Towers is the Best!!	I have just returned from a trip from London and checked in to my suitearound 10:15Am to shower and get ready to experience the sites in theBIG APPLE. I have been here several times but always on buisness excursions so this was my oppurtunity to indulge myself and get moreaquantied with the sites. I first thought to see a show on broadway butthen decided against it becuse i felt What would Donald do? It finnally came to me, YEs I will fly over the city from a helicopter (mind you thiswas a blue sky no clouds) and so thats what I did. It was exhilirating andfun to see the Empire State Building, The Statue of Liberty, And CentrallPark, with its grandouer, but the best was flying over the Cathedrals,andtaking in all the architecture of the landscape! NEw York City is got to beone of the most exceptionally breathtaking cities ever that I have been to inc. one that has everything to offer! I highly recommend this to anybody who wants to know what it feels like to really get away and enjoy the best vacation ever here in the states. You have it all right here and you dont even have to fly over the ocean to get there. Its got taste, style, life, color, pizzazz, food, entertainment, music, museums, parks, and exceptionall fine art of rebirth and vitality, after all this city has stood up to a lot of adversity and history, so we are very proud of claiming her as Americas own!!May God Bless Her &amp; the U.S.A. Thanks for the time of my life to finally experience it without living in a hotel or boardroom and missing the best of New York. Keep Strong And Shine like the torch of Hope for All who visit or live here. It was a dream come true and I definetly will return....	
May 2 2005	Trump NY Spring 05	Stayed here for separate stays of 2 and 3 days in April-May 05 on vacation with my wife. Hotel offered us room upgrades both times. The rooms were nice- modern and cleam. We didn't eat at the restaurant. Staff were very helpful. Location is great.One point to consider if you are going in the near future (ie early summer 05). Generally the rooms are quiet. However, there are building works at an adjacent plot and these start at 0700 on weekdays. They could certainly be heard from our city-view room on the 6th floor and might wake a light sleeper.	
Apr 5 2005	Super Service	My husband, daughter and in-laws shared a 2 bedroom suite for the weekend. What we loved most about the hotel was the employees. Yes, the room was lovely (5 walk in closets!) and the view of the park was nice but the people there really made our stay special. The gentleman that showed us to our room made sure we had milk and cookies waiting for our daughter after the theatre that evening. What a treat! The concierge, Nector, was wonderful, friendly and helpful. The doormen were smiling, energetic and welcoming. We'll never stay anyplace else!	
Mar 16 2005	Best kept secret	I stayed at the hotel in the middle of February. I must say, this is by far one of the best hotels that I have visited. 5-Star service does not even begin to describe the services. My stay was short, only 3 days, but it felt like home. Upon arrival I was able to check-in early and received an upgrade to a park-view suite. Since I was a returning guest I received a hand-written note from the manager welcoming me back to the property. I also received compimentary juice and other beverages after check-in that were delivered to my room. The staff were always polite, curteous, and professional. Room service was on the expensive side, but isn't that excpected in a hotel/location like this? The views were spectacular (of central park).... The manger also granted me a late checkout on my depature day. Overall, this hotel is worth the money. The hotel even assigns you a personal assistant to do errands or accomodate any requests during your stay. Truly, a fine and exceptional hotel. (I wish there were more of this chain around...if there were I would only stay with Trump...)	
Mar 13 2005	Mediocre at best. Should be removed from AM EX Fine Hotels List!	This is not the luxurious hotel with superb service as it claims to be, and as people have reviewed it to be. It is mediocre at best. It was like staying at a Sheraton. The check in was a nightmare. I booked with Am Ex Platinum, and was told I was getting as an early check in. We live in NYC, so I went to the hotel to check in, to find our room wasn't ready. The attendant checking me in promised a 3pm check in. It not only wasn't ready, but I had to check 5 times w/ the front desk for the status, as they didn't bother to come to me to give me an update, as I sat awaiting the status. They didn't even offer me a complimentary soda for waiting. Meanwhile plenty of other people were getting their rooms. I had gotten an upgrade due to AM EX, so maybe this is why I was low on the totem pole. The room was still $440. Any other 4-5 star hotel would have busted their butt to get a room available immediately. The staff was confused, borderline incompetent.I get to the room, which is furnished like a midwest Marriott, to find a horrendous view of Starbucks from the fourth floor. No curtains either, only light scrims. Next I ordered an ice bucket, ( and the phone was borken), which took 1 hour to receive.I then went to the gym, which the attendant there proceeded to return to me the wrong room key, so I couldn't even get to my floor, and had to go back to front desk to gst a new key.On top of this we got a voucher for a free lunch (thru Am Ex) except there was only brunch available. Nobody explained that the voucher was only good for $40.If you want a 4-5star hotel, stay at The Ritz Carlton, The Four Seasons, or the The Gansvoort.This Trump hotel is for amateur travelers!It should be removed from AM EX Fine Hotels List!	
Feb 20 2005	Expensive and superb!	It used to be you would spend $120 on a hotel room in any town and get treated like you were the only guest in the place. Unfortunately you now have to spend $1200 (or exactly $1225 before taxes) to get treated like royalty. By far the most expensive night we have spent in a hotel, but by far the best spent $1225 ever...we got a huge executive suite, bedroom, bath, lounge, kitchen, 2 baths, huge corridor...corner suite so a view of the park AND Broadway on the top floor. Superb attention to detail...handwritten notes to us from the management welcoming us, with chocolates and fruit. Unbelievable staff...not once did they hover for tips...I had to chase them down and press the money into their hands and they were all absolutely gracious...just how it used to be in the $120 rooms in chain hotels. I'm very glad we handed over our cash to Mr. Trump.We only stayed Friday night, yet they allowed us to leave our luggage at the hotel until Saturday night AND use the spa to freshen up before our trip home later on saturday.Only one small thing I forgot to tell them about...the water temp in our shower varied pretty wildly...so if you stay in 1710, you might mention it to them if it hasn't already been fixed. For the price I would also have liked to have seen digital/HDTV on the plasma TV...but these are minor quibbles. Lastly, the guy who wrote the review about getting hasssled by security, I was actually surpised at how low key the majority of the guests coming and going looked like...they all looked like us...pretty normal folks, so I'm not sure what the problem was there.The next time we are in NY we will be staying here. I admit initially i was concerned because of all the Trump hype lately, plus the Mandarin and Ritz were already full...but Trump delivered.	
Jan 19 2005	Amazing	Well, what can i say that has not already been said? We stayed for three nights at the Jolly Madison, and would not stay there again. It was such a relief to finally go to a hotel where the doormen did as they were made to do, and to receive such personal, individual service. Whether you are extremely wealthy or just someone who wants to stay in luxury ince in a while, Trump is for you. The views are amazing, the service is amazing, the rooms are amazing, everything is fantastic.I was visiting New York for my partner's birthday, and after about an hour of being complimetary upgraded to a better suite, a knock at the door brought in a lovely bottle of chilled white wine and a personalised birthday card, such a fantastic touch.I will definately be going back again. Anyone who is planning to go, ensure Ford attends to your needs as he is the best!!!	
Jan 17 2005	"Trump" ---- impectable hospitality service and excellent design	We stayed for one January mid week night for $440. Well...from arrival the service was excellent. The valet/doorman greeted us upon arrivaling and helped with the luggage. Walking in the lobby, it was small and ended up to be in my opinion well designed as I will later explain. We checked in, they handed us our custom business cards and paper and had a bell person bring us up to the room they upgraded for us (hotel room to a one bedroom suite). I have to say the room was excellent and one of the best I have seen. The kitchen with everything you may need (from what we saw, we didn’t use any of it), bar that had everything you may desire, as well as one in the main refrigerator free trump water). Their was a 42&quot; plasma TV, great Sony sound system, free internet, curtains that close and open by remote, chocolates (which were very yummy... from Belgium), nice furniture (except for a stain). Now for the bathroom, make up of half marble (tub area all marble), towels (made special for trump...? with trump label), unbelievable soup, shampoo, and salt crystals in the bathroom. Gold everything and on things such as the toilet paper they had a trump gold sticker. Nice small 5x mirror, candles, etc.Now for the bed... Once you saw it make would make you one to jump right on it (which we did). Lots of pillows. Nice (not the best) bathrobes, slippers, and a bag to get your shoes shined for free. While exploring the room a door bell sounded (yeah a door bell). It was room service with a free bottle of wine (since it was my girl friends birthday)... The bottle didn’t have a name that i recognized but was a good gesture along with happy birthday cards, etc. Oh i forgot to mention on the desk in the living room they had a small fresh cut flower. I have to say we ended up with a room with the view of star bucks (like mentioned on other review) on main street (and we were even on the 12th floor.) In the morning when we went down to the restaurant to have breakfast we were greeted immediately. This is where the small lobby was great. Everyone... and I mean everyone greeted you “good morning” as we walked through the lobby to have breakfast at their restaurant. Excellent food... pricey but fair (6 orange juice and 17 waffle) plus an automatic gratuity. Service I am sure was not at its best because of this). Although when I dropped my knife on the floor it was quickly replaced. On the table they had miniature version of jelly and ketchup... sooo small …I have never seen one before (so we kept it.) Lunch in the restaurant was booked til 230pm. We had a free voucher that AMEX provided but could not make it because we did not make a reservation weeks in advance is what we were told. So, no lunch there. After we had lunch we went up to the room to get ready to explore the town (before lunch I advised the front desk that we were checking out late) to find out that when we entered the room, it was already being cleaned. The safe box which I had thousands of dollars was open (wide open). I was very upset but did not pass that on to the housekeeper or management. When we checked out the service was again great. As soon as the elevator door opened they helped us out with our luggage. My girl friend wanted business cards and they made it on the spot for her. I will surely return as this was one of the best hotels I have stayed at.	
Jan 17 2005	perfect for families	We stayed with our family over the xmas holidays. Using our Platinum American Express we were able to book a one bedroom suite for significantly less than the rack rate and the suite was perfect for us and our two young daughters. The location (columbus circle) is great, the staff was very friendly, and the small suite was a great deal for New York. The only problems were minor: a drawer that wouldn't close and a tv that wouldn't get the cable reception. They fixed the drawer but couldn't fix the tv our entire stay. Best thing about the suite is the large fully appointed kitchenette. This makes a big difference when you're travelling with children. I would highly recommend this hotel as a relatively reasonably-priced suite in what is usually an extremely expensive hotel town.	
Jan 8 2005	A wonderful stay	Stayed at the hotel for 6 nights over xmas, I can only say i agree from all the other positive remarks.The Trump has something different than other 5 starts , something you cannot put your finger on.Absoutely loved it, service excellent, rooms spacious and spotless.Would definetly stay again.	
Jan 3 2005	They deserve a sixth star!	However many gleaming superlatives I used in my previous attempt at reviewing this hotel...Trump deserves them all, and more. Not to inflate anyone's ego or anything, but fellow travelers, this unadorned black monolith of a hotel is New York's best kept secret. We stayed Mother's Day weekend '04, and since we made our reservation at the spur of a moment...I decided to attempt another stunning failure at conciseness...also at the spur of a moment. At check-in, we were given a surprise upgrade from a regular park view guestroom to rm. 902, a two-bedroom park view suite. Easily trumping the size of my apartment, the suite's living room and flanking King bedrooms had floor-to-ceiling windows with expansive vistas of Central Park, with Columbus Circle to the right and the Met museum to the left in the distance. Having just been redecorated (with subtle inferences of the Trump diamond logo everywhere), our suite had a massive flat-panel plasma TV, with a complete cd stereo system, fax machine and playstation discretely tucked into a cabinet underneath. Since I forgot my laptop, they brought an high-speed internet PC (yes, a computer) in and set it up on the park-facing desk for me...complimentary. The suite had two exquisite marble bathrooms, the master bath featuring a jet tub and separate shower. The beds use highest-quality white Frette linens (best night's sleep in years), and the bathrobes feel like the best in New York. My favorite details of our suite included the mini-library of intriguing books on New York, the telescope, the 8&quot; bottles of herbal shampoos &amp; lotions and the kitchen. Each suite at the Trump is equipped, and I mean equipped, with a full kitchen intended for a cook to prepare a full meal for up to eight. The cabinets are stocked with standard hotel-mini-bar goodies (priced such that the Trump organization will surely avoid bankruptcy for the time being), not to mention many fine spirits; folks, any suite that comes with a bottle of Hennessy cognac means business. Anyway, with the fantastic Whole Foods Market next door in the new time warner center, we rejoiced over the idea of that kitchen...until we discovered the room service menu. I have three words for you. Jean-Georges Vongerichten. Well, ok, it's two. Well, his staff of gastronomic geniuses have two more words for you: &quot;We deliver&quot;.The staff was a delight. When the skies opened up after the concert we attended at Carnegie Hall, we made a run for it but arrived in the lobby admist celebrities and dry folk...absolutely soaked. We were welcomed with a smile and immediately handed warm towels (albeit with relief that we went right up to the suite and didn't stay and chat with Bruce Willis, who had just finished dinner and was the first person I walked into when entering...imagine the look on his face...). That night, they had our clothes washed, pressed and dried before we could lift a dollar bill. When I went for a morning run in the park, there was someone in the lobby waiting for me with a cool water bottle and a warm towel when I returned. It's good to experience unpretentious, anticipatory service from an organization that isn't really in the hotel business. This staff could teach a thing or two to the folks down at the Peninsula.So we were blown away by the room, the view, the 'stuff' and the service, but what we didn't like was, well, it felt like an office building.Surprise: the hotel used to be the Gulf &amp; Western Building the 70s and 80s. Despised by the public until 1997, the building was completely re-clad and redone by Trump and famous architect Philip Johnson. The small lobby is 'residentially scaled' (read: a room the size of a three-car garage with couches and chandeliers), and the entire setup of &quot;back door discretion&quot; does provide a secure environment for high-profile clients. However, those of you who seek a grand, rather theatrical hotel experience that is an integral part of a memorable journey to New York should look elsewhere. The hotel is so clean, everything feels as if it's been sterilized. There is no ambient presence of history; there is no acknowledgement of that theatrical experience, that essence of what it is to stay in this kind of hotel, especially one where Bruce Willis may be your next-door neighbor. Superlatives and ramblings aside, the Trump is on the way to becoming the finest luxury hotel in the city. It's all about consistency, attentiveness, and letting people feel like honored guests without making them feel as if they're on display - I hope they get the message that yes, they could drop the ball very quickly by simply being snobby - so that said, for $700 per night we got our money's worth, and experienced the added value of a place that wants to be better than it is. Bravo!	
Jan 2 2005	Great for families	My family and I (five people with three teenagers) spent the holday week at the Trump International Hotel. We had the PTS upgrade of adjoining one bedroom suite and a deluxe king bedded room. The accomodations were perfect. There was a common door to the hall and then a private hallway to the suite and bedroom. More than enough space and privacy. The health club was excellent with a more than adequate pool, sauna, steam room, plenty of towels, water, and robes. The breakfast was at the Jean-Georges Nougatine room, very contemporary and good. Service at breakfast could be slow at times though. The location of the hotel was excellent- easy access to subway, buses, Broadway, Lincoln Center, etc.This is a hotel that is worth the money.	
Nov 17 2004 	Great hotel	Stayed here because we were traveling with a toddler and wanted a clean hotel room for her. The Trump hotel was that and much more. I had no problems with her running around the room touching everything and I'm usually very touchy about that. The room had the greatest view of central park and the hotel was centrally located. The service was impeccable. I thought that I left my baby shampoo at home, called the front desk to see if they had any, they said no. I thought I would have to go out later and get some, next thing I know we had a small bottle of baby shampoo in our bathroom. I will stay here any time I'm in NYC.	
Sep 30 2004	A wonderful hotel for the most finicky traveler	I was planning on staying at the Four Seasons but reluctantly switched hotels because our friends had booked rooms at the Trump. This hotel far exceeded my expectations. The excellent service and luxurious accomodations won me over. The large flat screen TV is the best television set I've ever experienced in a hotel and the shower was likewise impressive with great water pressure, ample hot water, and a terrific shower head. The bathtub has a jaccuzzi which I also put to good use. The bath towels are large, absorbent and abundant. I am an incredibly snooty traveler but I really enjoyed the Trump Hotel. I will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 6 2004	It Trumps the competition!!!		
Jul 19 2004	Perfect		
Jul 2 2004	Fantastic		
Jun 5 2004	Wonderful Hotel		
Apr 29 2004	Heaven On Earth		
Mar 15 2004	Very Nice but we didn't fit in and the staff made it obvious.		
Dec 29 2003	Loved the Trump		
Nov 3 2003	The Best!		
Sep 19 2003	Great Hotel		
Sep 15 2003	New York's best kept secret.		
Oct 16 2009	Una finestre su Central Park		
Aug 26 2009 	?????????????????		
Aug 13 2009 	????????		
Jul 29 2009 	Mega Hotel beim Central Park		
Jul 12 2009 	??????		
Jun 3 2009 	2 Raum Suite der Spitzenklasse		
Dec 1 2008 	???? ???????????		
