	Fantastic hotel in a perfect location	We stayed here for 4 nights over thanksgiving. The hotel is absolutely fantastic- rooms were super clean and spacious and everything was of high quality- the bed was really comfortable and the bedding was nice and soft. Bathroom was also really nice- it was big and the complimentary toiletries were great- they were neutrogena and got replaced every day. The staff were sensational- they knew the answer to any questions we had on how to get places, where the best deals for shopping were, where to stand for the parade etc. They even had flyers for 3 different price options on where to go for a traditional thanksgiving dinner. The only bugbear was that we had someone knocking on our door and attempt to come into our room at 9am on the day we were leaving to ask when we were checking out- this just seems ridiculous and hopefully they will change this for future guests. Will stay here again though without hesitation we had a fantastic time.	
Nov 23 2009 	A Great Hotel In A Great Location. Will Definately Stay Again	Stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn in Chelsea for 5 nights in November and it was absolutely brilliant. A great central location for all attractions especially Madison Square Garden were my wife and i watched Metallica. It was a five minute walk.As it was located on a street and not an Avenue it was fairly quite during the night. I would have not liked to have stayed at any hotel located on an Avenue. Far to noisy.The hotel itself was only a few years old so everthing was pretty much brand new. We were on the 20th floor and had a King Evolution City View Room with Breakfast. Could not have asked for better. The room was well spaced and had everything we needed. The bed was amazing.Our breakfast was just perfect and there was everything you needed to get you started for the day. We paid £130 per night with breakfast and booked directly with Hilton.There is a subway at the end of the street and you can purchase a metro card there for less than $10 and ride all day.Penn Station is located under Madison Square Garden and the train takes you straight to Newark Airport for $15. Takes about 20 - 30 minutes. Very easy.Make sure you check out 'Real New York Tours' an absolute must for a great sight seeing day in New York. Ask for Luke.Whenever i come bak to visit i will be staying in this hotel and this hotel only.Well done Hilton.	
Nov 23 2009 	Nice but not perfect	Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea has had excellent reviews in Tripadvisor and that was one of the biggest reasons I chose it too. I would describe the hotel to be quite nice but not excellent.+ nice and helpful staff+ clean and new hotel+ nice view from 23rd floor+ microwave and fridge+ close to metro stations+ large bed and large room too for a solo traveller - the location is not ideal, you need to take metro to go to Statue of Liberty or Central Park. I would prefer some other location during my next visit even though the hotel was ok. - daily cleaning done at 4.30PM - the bathroom sink was broken and had been fixed (but did not look very elegant)- during the check out day cleaning personnel came to ask me 3 times when I am about to leave (first one at 9AM)- hotel breakfast is rather expensive and the quality is not as good as it could be- they promised the gym to be open 24/7 but actually it opened at 6AM every morning	
Nov 9 2009 	Great Experience start to finish	From the moment I arrived which was an early flight from Chic getting me to NY by 9:30 AM - the front desk staff was wonderful marking the start of a great experience. They were able to accomodate me way early and checked me into a room so I could unpack, settle in and get ready for a 12:00 appt. Front desk staff assisted me with dinner reservations, special requests and helpful tips on places to go that were within walking distance for me. It is a great location as it is right in the heart of the FLower District with easy access to Madison Square, Penn Station, Meat Packing District, Chelsea - all fun places to explore if this isn't your first trip to NY - Pasti's for dinner was great thanks to Natasha - the car pickup arrgts for me to get back to the airport were prompt and made for the perfect ending to a quick but wonderful trip. Was able to save a few $$$ by shopping at Whole Foods nearby - stored food items in refrig in the room - even have a microwave. Rooms were very clean and comforable - I would definitly stay here again -	
Nov 8 2009 	i love this hotel	small hotel in chelsea area of nyc. little things mean a lot to me. the air conditioner works well. the room is ideally planned with a big picture window of other nyc buldings a nice bathroom with counter and elongated shower curtain. very comfortable room. only 6 or so rooms per floor. very nice staff who seem genuinely interested in your well being. nice small bar and breakfast area. small lobby with mirror fountain and two elevators. i would definitely stay here again. hotel is small enough that the help seems capable of handling all that comes their way. good choice for a trip to nyc.	
Nov 8 2009 	A brilliant hotel in a superb location	A wonderfully situated hotel, very friendly staff, surprisingly large rooms which are tastefully decorated. Within a minute's walk of a subway station and very safe at night.	
Nov 7 2009 	Awesome!!!!!! Best hotel in New York.......	Great location for Macy's, Time Square and the Empire State Building - all a twenty minute walk from the hotel. Would reccommend to anyone and would certainly stay here again. It was quite, great city views (23rd floor), and it was exceptionally clean!	
Nov 1 2009 	Great stay.......Great Location	We stayed here for 3 nights to attend a concert at MSG. Room was small but clean. Noise was not an issue. Front desk was very helpful. Subway located down the block. Perfect location for us, as this was our 1st time in NYC. Would definitely recommend this hotel, and would certainly stay here again without hesitation. Can't wait to go back!!!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Hotel!	I loved this hotel. It was located on 28th street which I think is great because its not far from the hustle and bustle of Times Square but far enough away to get away from the noise at night. There is a Subway at the end of the street which is really handy. There is a lovely cafe/deli on 7th Ave which was great for breakfast. Our room was large with a huge bed and nice sized bathroom. It was cleaned daily. The hotel is very clean and I couldn't fault it. If I had one concern it was the elevators. There are only 2 and sometimes there is a long wait to get one. Ok if you are on the 5th floor not so good if you're on the 20th floor. There is also gym and computer facilities as well as a small shop and bar/restaurant.	
Oct 21 2009 	Small but clean	From Sydney Australia, Stayed here for 4 nights in October. Family of 4 in a 2 dbl bed room. Found it very small and cramped after the luxurious big &amp; affordable resort style hotels on offer in Vegas &amp; Anaheim but our budget dictated that we had to keep the price to $200US per night which was pre purchased via internet some weeks earlier. On arrival we walked from Penn St bus station and were checked in 30mins earlier than advertised time. The hotel is located on W 28th St and is in walking distance of Times Square (approx 20mins). We caught the subway to Wall St for Statue of Liberty ferry and found a station close to the hotel. There are good cafes &amp; diners everywhere in NY and the best we found was The Bread Factory cafe located at 470 7th Ave (35th St). Breakfast for 4 was around $35 and you really must try spaghetti for dinner, it was the best I have had. As mentioned earlier the room was small for 4 people but it was very clean. Bedding was crisp &amp; clean and the pillows as in all Hiltons were comfortable. If you have the budget for a further $100US per night then something like the Affinia at Madison Sqr Garden would be an ideal location which is a bit closer to Times Square etc . If you need to work to a budget this hotel meets all the requirements of a clean comfortable &amp; safe night's sleep. Besides the extra walking from 28th St up to Times Sq allows you to see more of fabulous NY.	
Oct 21 2009 	Small Clean Comfortable Room in Great Location	I liked:- the location (walking distance to many attractions, 1/2 block to the subway, 1-2 blocks to restaurants and shops)- the room (typical smallish NYC room with microwave, fridge, hi def TV, coffee maker)- the cleanliness (no concerns)- the bed (very very comfortable)- the attentiveness of the staff and front deskCould be improved:- the cost (but this is NYC after all)- the housekeeping's attention to detail (forgot to replace coffee and tissues, but the front desk fixed these problems quickly)- the wireless internet (free, but a weak connection that occasionally got dropped)It was a bit crowded with two of us in a room with two queen beds and our luggage, but we didn't spend a great deal of time in the room. Overall, we recommend this hotel.	
Oct 20 2009 	Not as good as the Times Square area HGI	I stayed at the HGI on 49th and 8th Avenue a few days before I stayed at this hotel on 28th between 6th and 7th Avenues. The Times Square area HGI is among the nicest in the group, so the comparison might be a bit unfair. That said, the Chelsea HGI is the weaker choice between the two, and feels like a budget hotel in ways the Times Square outpost avoids. (And to fellow reviewers of this hotel—I am really surprised at the positive nature of previous reviews. . .it was those reviews that prompted my stay on 28th St.)For starters, the hotel’s location isn’t really Chelsea, but rather a few blocks north in a neighborhood far more convenient than it is fashionable. A few different lines of the subway are in either direction of the hotel, so getting around is very easy, and Macy’s is a six block walk. The immediate streets around the hotel are mostly wholesale jewelry, clothing, and floral stores with considerable activity along the sidewalk.There is an attractive water feature in the lobby, which is rather small otherwise. Staff, like the one at the Times Square HGI, is cheerful and helpful. The hotel’s restaurant largely exists to serve breakfast—there is a buffet and made to order offerings. After the Pigalle breakfast in Times Square, this breakfast was a disappointment—a fairly standard hotel buffet. And it concludes at 10a during the week. Perhaps the GM here needs to do a field trip to the other hotel twenty blocks away for tips.The building lets this hotel down, in a number of ways. The rooms are notably smaller than the HGI at Times Square, and really feel two star, down to the lack of a real closet. And the hotel’s elevators are downright annoying—there are only two of them for a building of over 20 floors. At peak periods, the elevators are far and few between—and packed. Worse, there appears not to be a service elevator—putting more pressure on the elevators. My first room was right near the ice machines--and those are quite loud.This is not a bad hotel, just a disappointing one. The HGI in Times Square is a real find—this one merely gets the job done. And there are similar pricing issues here--the prevailing rate was over $300 a night during my stay. At those prices, this hotel is just not, NOT a good value.	
Oct 17 2009 	Comfortable clean and well located	We just got back from our first trip to NY, a 5 night stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea, and were so pleased with our hotel choice. The staff was very pleasant, and there is internet access either by your own laptop in your room (which we didn't bring) or on two computers on the main floor. Our room had a king bed in decent sized room. Everything was clean and the bed was very comfortable. We were on the 23rd floor (it has 24 floors) and never had any problems with the elevator i.e. the elevator was quick and we never had to wait too long for it. The only minor complaint I might have about this hotel is that because it is tall and narrow, each floor only has about 6 rooms which are all clustered around the elevator. Therefore, the first night I could hear each person coming off the elevator, getting into their rooms, etc. We put a towel along the bottom of the door the following nights and that seemed to help. I thought this was an excellent value for New York City (we paid $190 CAD per night, plus tax as a prepaid rate). The area is just south of Times Square, so very convenient but not too close to Times Square. Also, very close to Penn Station so is easy to get to/from Newark Airport on the train. It is a (slightly) quieter street and close to two different subway lines.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice hotel room with close by overnight parking at a good price	Our room was stylish, very clean, and very quiet. The beds were super comfortable, and the staff was very helpful recommending a restaurant within walking distance. We parked our rented mini-van in an enclosed garage 2 blocks away. Parking validation from the front desk got us a reduced parking rate. During the day the neighborhood was colorful - flower vendors everywhere. But at night we were a little nervous. The flower vendors are gone and there are no open restaurants or businesses or anything on the hotel's block. It appears things are being rehabbed all around so I imagine the barren block will change over time, which will probably drive up the room price. At just under $200 we were very pleased. Taxicabs were easy to get right in front of the hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	our girls getaway weekend in chelsea	Myself and 2 friends stayed at the Hilton Chelsea for one night. The accomodations were clean= 2 queen size was ample room for 3 friends, , beds were comfortable, offer smoking and non smoking, breakfast was included and was satisfactory agreed by all of us, however the toaster wasn't working and there was a bit of a wait to use it (not a big deal in my book) staff was very helpful, The neighborhood was cool, and there are many great little restuarant/bar places within walking distance and a conveniently located subway to go up or downtown (thought I did see 2 rats on the subway platform making a break for it... you always know they are there, but never saw them in the daylight! cruising around) We had stayed in Times Square the past two times, and in comparison, the Doubletree is a bit more spacious, if you like the crowded hustle bustle right outside the door of the hotel, it is the better location to stay. We went to this location for easier access to Little Italy.	
Oct 8 2009 	A notch up and great value	For a hotel in Midtown Manhattan this is superb value. Even though this is the &quot;poor cousin&quot; of the Hilton family, it is still quite a good standard, a notch above what you would expect at this price point (I repeat: in Manhattan).Some reviewers have said it's &quot;off the beaten track&quot;...well, Manhattan is huge so wherever you are, some things will be far away. Three or four blocks from the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, Macy's, and walking distance to Times Square does not sound &quot;off the beaten track&quot; to me!I stayed three nights at the end of September 2009. I landed here because of the reviews on TripAdvisor and I don't regret it. I booked directly on HGI website. The price for a high-rise (&quot;city view&quot;) room was initially somewhere around $160-180 I think, already great value. I was ready to book, suddenly I got an even better deal on my screen, I ended up paying little over $110 a night with an advance-purchase, no-refund deal ! Anyway, I think below $180 it would be hard to find something better in Manhattan.Staff was very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was good (Contrary to other reviewers, I had breakfast in the hotel and would recommend it, it's worth it). The room was a good size, air conditioning a bit noisy and sometimes chilly, so I switched it off. Fantastic Aeron-type chair, flat TV, cable service with HBO. Complimentary internet at reception, wireless in room. Tiny little gym (open 24h, unsupervised) with three or four cardio machines, some weights and Swiss balls. All this at no charge, which I found very pleasant.Yes, you will need a cab or subway ride (key lines at the doorstep) to go to Central Park, Soho, Wall Street, Harlem, or wherever you are headed. But from these places you would need a ride to Times Square, the Empire State building, Macy's or Madison Square garden, which are all near this hotel ! Oh, about the elevators issue that other reviewers mention. It is true. One narrow and tall building, only two elevators: so in the morning at checkout time you may have to wait a good while.	
Oct 6 2009 	Good hotel in Chelsea	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. It was a little off the beaten path but close to a couple of subway stations so the location was still ok. We didn't realize that the Empire State Building is visible at the intersection of 28th and 6th Avenue near the hotel until we looked up one evening. Check in was quick and efficient and they stored our luggage until we checked in. The room was clean with a refrigerator and microwave which was very useful for storing fruit and milk and heating up restaurant leftovers. Complimentary computer and internet access was appreciated. For some reason, we didn't receive a complimentary newspaper the last two mornings of our stay. It was nice to have the paper to read at the end of the day.	
Oct 2 2009 	Couldn't be better PERFECT HOTEL	We were in this wonderfull hotel for 4 nights.We were welcomed perfectly, our room was ready 1 hour before check-in time.everybody was friendly!We haven't eat breakfast of lunch in this hotel, so i can't say anything about that.The rooms were not to small, double bed, micro-wave - fidge, flatscreen - etc...The rooms were very clean and beautifull.Wifi didn't always worked on my iphone.You had to reset on your phone some settings time after time and then it worked...Strange, but it worked..New york was great and the hotel was perfect!	
Sep 30 2009 	Pre-Paid and Got Great NYC Value.	Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea did not disappoint. The room was a typical NYC size, but we did not feel cramped. The room was clean and comfy. The shower had strong water pressure, which flet great on my sore muscles. Loved the pillows. The TV was challenging to work - but did not use it much as we were in NYC :) Easy and safe walk to all touristy places and subway stations to go where the locals hang out. The WiFi did not work for us, but we were able to use the Business Center computers to print our boarding passes. Also, do not bring your car - it is a busy area during the day and local transport can get you anywhere you need to go. Overall a great stay at a lower price that other touristy areas. Highly recommend.	
Sep 27 2009 	Just right for our week in NY	This hotel is perfectly located for zipping around Manhattan.We found ourselves able to walk to most parts of town. The area directly around the hotel isn't the prettiest, and there seems to be construction of at least two other hotels along the block in 28th street but it isn't too noisy, and the flower shops that line the street in the daytime are quite charming. Location wise, Times Square is 10 mins walk away, and Greenwich took me 25 mins to walk.The rooms were spotless and quite spacious for NY. You had a mini fridge and microwave and an enormous flatscreen TV. The bathroom had a bath and overhead shower. Neutrogena toiletries were supplied: shampoo, conditioner, body moisturiser and mouthwash. The view from my 19th floor room was great (although there wasn't any landmark to be seen from my particular room). The only noise you hear are the distant sirens of NY city and people coming back to their rooms with the doors being quite noisy/clunky when they shut. You also get a free newspaper delivered to your room every morning.The bar was overpriced with bottled beers costing $9!! The breakfasts were good, but again overpriced at $16.95. There's a Starbucks around the corner and a Whole Foods which had loads of gorgeous foods to take home for dinner or breakfast - so it's simple to eat elsewhere.The staff are great and very professional yet welcoming. The business centre is also good with two computers and a fax and printer.I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great place to stay	I stayed in a room with two queensize beds. It had all the needed amenities (+more!) and it was cleaned superbly every day. Some general stuff from my experience:- Location was great! there is a subway station in the same street. The 28th street is a bit quiter than the ones closer to Times Square, which was really nice not having to dive in the sea of people from the frontdoor of the hotel!- The Business Center with two computers and printers was nice, but it was occupied most the times we went out/came back to the hotel, so if you want to check something online, better do it early in the morning- The elevators were their own story. There were 2 elevators, which were occupied during those morning hours that people usually wake up. We'd have to wait for 5 minutes to get down sometimes (sometimes we just walked the emergency stairs down)- The staff were friendly and helpful (thanks Malcolm!)It was my first trip to NYC, but not the last. I'll definately consider coming to this hotel again!	
Sep 26 2009 	Great value and service in a good location	The hotel was really clean and tidy, with great service from the staff. The breakfast was good and there was always great service from the team who run the dining room.The rates were really good.Located in the Chelsea fringe, in the Flower district, it was really easy to get anywhere we wanted to go wither on foot or by Subway.The internet was free and there was free printing as well - we didn't get this where else we stayed on the East Coast. We would have stayed here again when we returned to new York but they were booked out.	
Sep 23 2009 	A lovely and reliable place to return home to in NYC	Good size room (603) large very comfortable bed. Plenty of side space in bathroom, bath fine, shower fine. View of windows across street but good sun and light blosking blinds. Aircon abit loud but very clean and good tv. Fridge a big plus for cereal! Get cutlery from breakfast buffet- they don't mind. Cleaning staff lovely. Staff great- very helpful and friendly. Computer suite great for printing boarding passes etc. Gym good with towels and water. Reception like an oasis out of the city. Flower district is great for seeing manhatten on foot but subway on the corner. Great place for breakfast (take 2 rights out of hotel and its on the corner- wholefoods and 7 coffees!	
Sep 17 2009 	Great hotel and even better staff !!!!	Recently stayed here for one night and had a great experience. The staff couldn't have been more accomodating. The room was a good size for NYC with a large TV and very comfy bed. The area the hotel is in isn't that great to look at- lots of construction going on outside. The hotel itself was wonderful though and a good price for NY. Will definitely come back here again !!!!	
Sep 11 2009 	Modern new hotel in great location at affordable price	We loved staying at the Hilton Garden Inn for 5 nights on our first trip to New York City. The hotel was easy to find, short stroll from Penn Station, there is also a subway stop a few metres away on corner of 28th and 7th. The location was very convenient as it allowed us to catch the subway uptown or downtown (only 2 stops from Times Square). We also got a taxi cab a couple of times real easy. Its a small hotel, but looks brand new. Very new and clean, and we felt very safe. Check in was easy, and the staff provided advice on what to do and see. There is a small restaurant and bar that we didn't visit but it looked nice. Breakfast can be purchased from here. The style of the hotel is modern and business orientated, with a business centre and there is also internet access in the rooms. The room also had a microwave and a fridge. The room wasn't big but perfect for sleeping! Big kings size bed, lovely bathroom. There was also a fitness centre with free bottled water, The hotel is in a street with wholesale flower shops, so not really much to see there. We didn't walk around to check out the neighbourhood, but there was a mcdonalds on one corner, starbucks on another, and also a convenience store. Both 6th and 7th ave have many cafes,shops and restaurants. We really enjoyed our stay here and would recommend it to others looking for a central location when exploring new york city. we also went on the red double decker buses which was great on the downtown loop.	
Sep 9 2009 	Nice Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 3 days in the first week of September. Our visit to New York was for leisure with 2 chids with us. It is very well located, close to subway and in a walking distance from Macy's and Empire State building. The rooms are clean but small specially when travelling with kids. Overall I am satisfied and recommend it.	
Sep 9 2009 	Friendly helpful most accommodating staff possible	I cannot say enough about the staff at this hotel. They were NEVER too busy to assist us with our many travel questions, etc. They went out of their way in many ways that a larger hotel would not have even considered. The work-out room was fantastic and the breakfast was delicious and plentiful. The room was adequate, two queen beds, large screen TV, micro, frig, etc. We were in the heart of Manhattan, a subway away from many of the sites and landmarks. Plenty of good restaurants, especially Waldy's Pizza. Phantom of the Opera box seats were only $65 and were terrific - no need to pay $121 for a good seat. We'd see it again. Free WiFi in the room was a bonus.	
Sep 7 2009 	Can't go wrong - don't go cheaper	The good* the staff was very professional (greetings, help and advice, politeness). They had someone on-site that could give hands on directions to most tourist attractions, and to the nearest supermarket to stock your fridge. They sent me to Whole Foods, wich is a real supermarket not a deli, and it sells organic food. They were more professional than any other Hilton I'd stayed at, including the fancy ones with a minibar. The pantry sells soup and such too if you need a latenight hot snack, and there are a lot of deli's and food places (eg mustang sally) near.* the rooms were spotless and clean, soft carpets and well decorated with stylish lights and good atmosphere, and big enough for me and my bags and then some. I wouldn't call it too small for two people, and the bathroom has adequate size too and not at all cramped with a big hollywood mirror all across the room and seperate airing.* the WiFi i never really used: the UTP cable for wired internet at the large desk with comfy chair was plenty and didnt need any passwords or anything, so no fuss at all. It was spotless, responsive and fast enough to use Skype to call home and such at decent call quality.* the location is fabulous: the taxi ride from Kennedy airport wasnt overly long (35-45mins), and as soon as you leave the hotel and turn right you'll find the subway line 1 at the corner of the block. This line takes you through most of the good stuff like Times Square (wich is only 2 stops, so under 5minutes ride). The Empire State building is really really close, although when i got there staff advised me that it was too cloudy to actually see anything from the top. But that means the foggy views from below were all the more spectacular. Its not really in Chelsea but more in the &quot;flower district&quot;, with flower shops all around, right at 'Fashion Avenue'. So it probably is the best smelling area in NYC too.* the TV had way too much channels for me, I guess for TV freaks thats a good thing for me I wouldnt even know wich of the hundreds to choose from.* everything like tub tv shower airco worked perfectly, not a single malfunctioning item* The bed was soft and cleaned well. The cleaning service seemed friendly.* When I got ill the lady at the bar and the guy behind the front desk gave me complimentary drinks to try and help me. They don't try to squeeze your money out of you like so many other places would., and are genuinely concerned for the well-being of their guests.* Their helped set up arrangements with my New York Greeter and made the process swift and troublefree.The bad* Thin walls, especially if theres a party of three crashing next to you you'll hear every word, every laugh and every scream. However, i think this will go for many a new york hotel, and the hotel does seem to try to schedule non-adjoining rooms whenever possible.* If you're on a schedule the elevator can be painfully slow. Again, a general New York hotel problem I figure.* Not all floors have ice machines. Those that do not (eg 10th) do not have directions that the other floors do. The ice machines also offer vendors for nightly soda's and drinks. Some floors do not have those either.* Misunderstanding at checkout. (however nothing to do with billing, i suggest you pre-pay like i did so that the hotel can confirm no charges have to be added to your creditcard if i read some of the reviews.) Basically bring your bags down all at once or you may be accidentally checked out before you realize or said anything about it.Can't comment on* breakfastI would definately stay at this hotel again next time i'm in New York you can get cheaper but you can't get better. The combination is like a luxury motel: the freedom of your own meals and microwave/fridge, none of the pushy-ness of the fancy hotels yet all the help and professionalism you hope to find in these fancy places, and the luxury ranging from the fancy seating in the lobby to a well decorated room. I was told i could also print to the business center for free, but never used it. Highly recommened despite the little annoyances.Tips: * book a few months early and pre-pay. This will save you a lot of hassle and get you a good price. * Don't take the bus at JFK airport, the guy selling it is dishonest and claims you need to buy a return ticket to be allowed on. If he's lying when he's selling the tickets, you can be sure that the transportation is worse. Just bite the bullet and take a cab, its safe and you get some first hand info on nyc while you're driving there, it costs 50$ + tip so theyre happy with 60. Then when you're used to NYC you can consider taking public transportation out if you dont have a lot of bags. Or just take the cab back, you wont be sorry you paid to get there properly and without dropping off a zillion others on your precious time in NY.	
Sep 1 2009 	Be careful	I stayed in this hotel for 1 night. The hotel is really nice - clean and comfortable. Breakfast is delicious! The problem is that they charged me 3 times! per my stay..-sic! I was a little bit angry when I saw it on my credit card history. So, be careful..	
Aug 30 2009 	A great place to come back to after a busy day!	We booked a great deal through travelocity for airfare/hotel from Buffalo to LaGuardia, staying at the Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea. What a great choice that turned out to be. When we booked we took the &quot;room selected at check in&quot; option which I was a little worried about. However, when we arrived about 1:00 p.m. we were greeted by a friendly receptionist who gave us a beautiful room with 2 Queen beds on the 23rd floor. On such a hot day, the cool air conditioned room felt wonderful and we made use of the fridge and microwave during our stay. Everything was spotless and there were lots of towels and toiletries. The beds were so comfortable with lots of pillows. We brought our laptop and the WiFi worked great while we were there - very handy for looking things up in the evening. We had no problems at all with the elevators.The location of this hotel was perfect for us because it was so close to the 6th Ave and Broadway subway lines(which we used the most) as well as the 7th Ave lines. It is also in the middle of all the places we wanted to visit - Uptown (Central Park, Rockefeller Centre, 5th Avenue, Letterman show) and Downtown (Brooklyn Bridge, Southstreet Seaport, Battery Park, Staten Island Ferry, SOHO, Canal Street).For us - a great hotel with everything we needed, away from the craziness of Times Square, but close to everything via subway. Exceeded our expectations. We can't wait to come back to NYC some day!	
Aug 26 2009 	A Great Stay!	From a postive aspect the last thing you want to worry about is the hotel where you are staying while on vacation. Overall this hotel met some of expectations including service, cleanliness, and they have a courteous staff. It was also within walking distance to many NYC attractions. I would stay there again but, here are some minor things you should consider before booking: WiFi was not reliable; elevators are slow during peek checkout times; the bar and the pantry are extremely over priced. $10 for a cocktail and/or $2 for a bag of potato chips; there is a patio but there are no chairs or tables to enjoy it so while at the hotel, you are only able to rest inside. The manager purchased a drink for me as a means to address the issue concerning WiFi.	
Aug 18 2009	Excellent Service and very clean	This was my first time staying in New York so we were not sure about how far we were from everything and how to get around but the staff were so helpful, everything was within walking distance and the subway was right beside the hotel. There was places to eat right across the street. The rooms were very clean and and everyone was so friendly and the breakfast buffet was great for $14.95. Great stay and would go back in a second.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great convenient hotel!!	Just came home today from a 6 night stay with 2 families at the Hilton Garden Inn in Chelsea. Wonderful little boutique hotel, in a great location. One block away in each direction from 2 convenient subway lines. Very clean and quiet hotel. Irene and Mikhail were great, as others had mentioned. Would recommend this to anyone. Much better and quieter than staying in Times Square! This is a pretty new hotel, so facilities were in excellent shape. I had a problem with the showerhead the first night we checked in, but someone came up immediately and fixed it. Toto toilets too, so they flush well... ;-) Very comfortable beds, nice flat screen TVs. One of the things I liked the best about the hotel room was that there was a nice space above the closet/wardrobe where I could stash 2 of our check-in sized bags (26&quot;) while we stayed there. Very handy! The other 2 were able to be stashed under the desk. The free wi-fi was great! Nice not having to pay for that on top of the room stay - worked like a charm, first time out, no problems connecting. Powerful A/C too - it wasn't particularly quiet, but it didn't rattle, so that was ok. Our room faced the front of the hotel, so we looked out onto a construction project across the street, but it wasn't noisy.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great hotel. Well worth a look.	When I came to booking my hotel for my New York trip, I decided to be realistic and spend a bit of cash to get something half decent. Afterall, NYC is exhausting and it's nice to come back to a decent hotel. So I saw this one and of course I checked out the reviews on Tripadvisor which were all pretty decent. And to be fair, I was impressed. The hotel is very central. You can easily walk to the Empire State Building in about five minutes. There are also three different subway stops on the street so getting around the city couldn't be easier. The hotel is on West 28th street which was perfectly safe. I never saw anything or anyone dodgy and I was in and out at all hours. When I arrived around 3pm, the room wasn't ready so they took my bags and I went for a little wander around to get my bearings. When I returned around an hour later, I could get to the room. It was on the 14th floor (Room 1402) and was a nice size. it was also very quiet (I'm an extremely light sleeper and had no problems at all). The aircon worked perfectly. The room also had a fridge (not a minibar, a fridge so there was plenty of room to put stuff in) and a microwave. There was also a coffee maker with coffee packs replenished every day by room service. Probably the best bit though was the TV. It had a really good selection of channels (about two hundred) including quite a few in HD. It was nice after an exhausting day of sightseeing to be able to come back and watch a film or even BBC America. One other thing worth mentioning: the business centre. This was a little room by reception with two PCs and a printer and copier. It was really handy for checking emails, opening times of museums etc and it wasn't particularly busy. Infact one night I wanted to use it at about 1am and the guy on reception was quite happy to open it for me. There was also a fitness centre which I didn't use.	
Aug 10 2009 	Comfortable clean new and nice neighbourhood	This is an excellent hotel for people who want a good standard room and reasonably sized room without paying the top rates that big name hotels charge. Last year I ended up by chance in a Hilton Garden Inn in Yakima, WA and I was pleasantly surprised by the standard of the room and the breakfast. I was wondering if the pleasant experience would be repeated in New York, which I find a difficult city in terms of hotels. The reviews on Tripadvisor were promising, and fortunately they turned out to be accurate. It's a rather new building, so everything looks nice, clean, and is in good shape. Rooms are quite large for NYC standards, beds very comfortable, aircon effective and not too noisy, and shower sufficiently spacious and god temperature and pressure. We had a room on one of the top floors (25th) which gave a nice view towards downtown Manhatten. Hardly any street noise, or noise from neighbours or corridor. In any case there are only 8 rooms on each floor, so the corridor never gets busy.I also had pre-booked breakfast in the hotel (which was delicious in Yakima and which other reviewers also seemed to enjoy in this Chelsea hotel), and again it fully met expectations. Eggs are cooked to order the way you like them, and the chef also did on demand French toast. The pancakes were pre-cooked on most days of my stay which was a pity because they just taste better when they are completely fresh. If I had to make one suggestion about the hotel, this would probably be it.FInally about the elevators, which caused some trouble about other reviewers. During my 3 day stay both elevators were working fine and maybe in total I went up to my room 10 times. Only once did I have to wait a bit too long (5 minutes); all other times the elevator arrived in 1 or 2 minutes. I can see however that this situation will be totally different if one of the elevators should break down, so I trust management will do everything it can to maintain them properly and avoid such trouble.I'll definately stay in this hotel again when I'm next in New York, and will again take the pre-booked breakfast because of it's excellent value for money.	
Aug 4 2009 	Warning--received a terrible rash from mites!	Were supposed to have room with 2 doubles and were given a queen instead so asked for a roll away bed. After one night I was covered with a terrible red rash of small, itchy bites which I showed to management and asked for the extra bed to be removed. It wasn't and the linen was not changed so the second day both myself and my granddaughter were infested with bites. Hotel management ignored our complaint and insist there was no problem although I was treated at ER upon return and physician wrote a letter stating it was a reaction to mites in either the bedding or carpet. Their solution was to offer us two free soft drinks and some trail mix!!	
Jul 31 2009 	A pleasant surprise....	My daughter and I really enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Garden - Chelsea during our whirlwind visit to NYC. It is located in the flower district which is very quiet. The staff, especially Irene and Mikal, were amazing! The rooms are normal sized ( by NYC standards) and very clean. We did have breakfast at the hotel and it was good and included in the price of our room.We liked that the metro was only 1/2 block away so we could get anywhere in Manhattan rather quickly. We will definitely stay there again.	
Jul 21 2009	Very good value ...	Booked this hotel based on reviews - was not disappointed. Original booking price (on Hilton website) $275 for one night/twin room with breakfast - by careful weekly checking managed to get this down to $190 including breakfast, two free drinks at the bar and a $5 voucher to spend in the &quot;pantry&quot;. Exceptional value. Rooms modern and fairly spacious with quality linens and towels. Free wi-fi in room. W 28th St is mainly filled with flower shops and the like but an ok area. Despite my Mother being in her late 70's it was not too far to walk to Times Square (in the rain!!!!). Staff at the hotel couldn't have been more helpful and the breakfast was excellent - freshly cooked to order and with good selection. Highly recommended.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great place to stay at a great price	Don't overlook this place. We recently pre-paid for $140/night which is a great deal for NY. They have other deals for as low as $149/night that I saw. Not bad for a hotel that would nornally run $300+/night. Great location- less than 1 block to subway, 3 blocks to Penn station, 5 blocks to Empire State Building, 6 Blocks to Times Sq. Room was immaculate, with a great bed, bedding and pillows. Staff was nice, they have fresh cookies at certain times of the day. Very quiet. The room is cozy by US standards, but average by NY city standards.	
Jul 20 2009 	Clean and Close to everything!	This is a very nice hotel for people wanting to see the sights of NYC. We walkied to just about all the major attactions like Times Square, Macy's and even to Battery Park. although that was several miles. We would definately stay here again.	
Jul 18 2009 	Boutique style hotel - great location for international travellers	We arrived after the 4th July celebrations by Amtrak from Philadelphia. Short 3 block walk from Penn Station. Great location and very fresh. The staff are excellent - my husband had a whole range of golf purchases arriving by ebay. All purchases were received - some prior to our arrival and stored safely. The rooms whilst small are clean, new and modern. Bathrooms are very nice. Will definitely stay again, Subway at end of block. 5 blocks from Macy's. Excellent value for money. Breakfast package was a lovely surprise - very generous. Free wifi.	
Jul 17 2009 	A bit disorganised but otherwise just fine	We arrived late (or early in the AM) after a missed connection at JFK; having booked this hotel through the HH Honors Desk (actually thinking it was the one in TriBeCa).It took a while for check-in due to a discrepancy in the rate we were quoted versus the one they had on the card; then due to the computer malfunction which led to them giving us a key to an occupied room (I'm sure the people in that room were as surprised as we were when we opened their door at 12:00 AM).Seems like it would be an excellent hotel for the price if you were a solo business traveler, or a couple. The already-small room became impassible once the roll-a-way was brought in to accommodate our son (after the occupied-room incident, all that was left was a King room).The TV is on a standard-issue cable box with high def channels rather than &quot;hotel cable&quot; if such things are important to you. We slept too late for the breakfast, but nice to know if was offered.The bathroom was clean and well-stocked.	
Jul 15 2009 	Good standard priced hotel in convenient location	Stayed early june 2009. Payed roughly £150 per night, which is quite reasonable for a 4 star in new york. Good location. Short tube ride or 15 minute walk to Times Square.Hotel is located in Flower district, rather than Chelsea proper and has tube stop about 200 yards away.Good quality hotel without having anything flash. Rooms were pretty small but were clean, tidy and had everything you needed. The hotel seems a bit cramped all over, starting with the reception but it doesn't caused an issue and I guess it is New York!!Service was also good.If its good quality without anything plush and at a reasonable price that you're looking for then this is a good option	
Jul 14 2009 	Positive Reviews Substantiated	Spent four nights at the HGI/Chelsea. The reviews I had prior to booking were on the mark. Spotless rooms, competent staff and great location. &quot;A well-oiled machine, if you will.&quot; One thing that really stood out was how quite the hotel was. I always take ear plugs with me because I have so much trouble sleeping in hotels. Didn't really need them here. I reserved a king with a city view. Space was tight but very efficiently arranged. I really didn't spend a lot of time in the room except to sleep, have morning coffee and read the paper before heading out to explore the city.	
Jul 11 2009 	Fantastic Hotel with Friendly Staff	My partner and I stayed at this hotel during NY Pride weekend and were pleasantly surprised by how great this hotel was. The rates were very reasonable, rooms exceptionally clean with very cozy beds, and the staff very courteous and professional. Without a doubt, this is where we will always stay during our future trips to Chelsea, NY.	
Jul 7 2009 	brilliant hotel	i stayed with my daughters and found the service fantastic. staff where lovey and very good. very clean and the rooms where spotless.....bed sheets completly changed every day!!!	
Jun 28 2009 	nice	stayed for 2 nights, friendly staff ,room was a bit small for 2 double bed but nice furniture and bed . in the morning can be a bit noisy from the traffic but overall was great.	
Jun 28 2009 	Best in the area at that price point	I have spent the past five weeks staying at different hotels in the Penn Station/Madison Square Garden area. I'm travelling for business and wanted to stay in Manhattan but within a short walk to Penn Station so I could catch the LIRR out to Long Island. The Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea on 28th ranks first out of the five hotels.1) Hilton Garden Inn (121 W 28th St)2) Wyndham Garden (341 W 36th)3) Hilton Garden Inn (63 W 35th St)4) Hampton Inn (116 W 31st St)5) New Yorker (481 8th)This location had more space than the others. It had a fridge, microwave and an HDTV (as did the other HGI location). One option that really stood out was the Time Warner HD Cable. There were literally hundreds of channels and dozens of HBO and Showtime channels.While there may be higher end hotels in NY, you'll really have to search to find one in this price range. I'll be keeping this hotel on the top of my list for my next visit.	
Jun 26 2009 	SERVICE STINKS TV DOESN'T WORK and THEY DON'T CARE	Do not stay here. The service stinks and they don't care.We were there for one night- the tv did not work and they could not have cared less.The front desk was rude to my wife.This place is terrible = do not stay here.	
Jun 23 2009 	Enjoy. Definitely Better Than the Competition!	Stayed October 2008. Happy experience. I stayed by chance--as I was sent here for one night after the hotel at which I had reserved (Four Points by Sheraton Manhattan Chelsea) was overbooked on the night I arrived. This gave me a chance to compare the hotels, and I prefer the Hilton hands-down.Don't give the Sheraton your money. Everything about the Hilton was better. The room was cleaner, newer, better appointed. The hotel lobby and public areas were more polished. The hotel staff were more professional, from their manner at the reception desk to the way they were dressed.Everything about my one night here was superior to the following two nights I spent at the Sheraton. I believe room rates are similar. Do yourself a favor and stay here if you're looking for an affordable and slightly luxurious option in/near Chelsea.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Location!!! Clean 	As stated before, if I wanted to fault this hotel for anything, I would just be picking at the details. The location is great. Very central to many major sites. Also 2 subway stops very close by. Many options for meals &amp; drinks on 7th Ave or about 6-10 blocks south on 6th Ave. Hotel was very clean, staff very nice and well informed &amp; helpful. Rooms are a bit small but the beds are great as are the free wi-fi and flat screen t.v.'s. Turn down service was awesome &amp; very honest. Left out money &amp;/or electronics &amp; nothing was stolen. The breakfast was o.k., but for the $14.95 you should venture out into the city for NYC. The business center is nice for quick e-mail updates if you forget the laptop. The small gym has 2 treadmills &amp; 2 elipse machines and small collection of free weights (COMPLIMENTARY WATER &amp; TOWELS). Again, location, location, location. You are just a few blocks from the Empire State Building, from which you can get tour buses to all the major sights/attractions. A nice bonus is the beautiful sight of flowers and greenery right outside the hotel! Smells wonderful, which can be helpful in masking the many other smells of bustling NYC.Overall the hotel was very nice. I would definitely stay again if I had business in MidTown NYC.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great value for money	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a week in May and were really hppy about our choice. First of all, the rooms were clean and comfortable, especially the bed. Then, all the people there were very friendly and helpful. We booked the “Romance package”, which included a magnificent breakfast and the possibility of an early check-in provided the room was available. We arrived at 9 in the morning and could go straight to our room! Also, the location is very convenient. It is a good starting point for whichever part of town you want to visit and there is a subway stop a few metres away. There is also a free wireless internet connection in the rooms. We recommend it.	
Jun 22 2009 	Excellent stay for the whole family	We stayed here for 10 nights with family of four with a 10-year old. The location is pretty central with subway station within 2 minutes, good restaurants nearby. Restaturant had a very nice Bar and amazing, almost all-including brekfest with very good service. Rooms were very big, cozy, clean and huge TV-channel selection. Hotel also had very very good gym and business room with printing abilities. The ride to the airport arranged by hotel was very oo value for money also!	
Jun 20 2009 	Great hotel in so-so location	Set in the heart of the Flower District, this hotel is a gem. The service was great and the room was large and clean. A few drawbacks: the hotel does not have a full-service restaurant. They do a great breakfast buffet but for dinners, they offer take out service, which is fine. Also, right around the hotel, there are not that many restaurant options. It is located between 6th and 7th, but closer to 6th. You have to walk to 7th for anything even close to meal. In this area, 6th doesn’t seem to have any restaurants. 7th is not far, but it is a little inconvenient if you are tired from sightseeing or traveling.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Place to Stay in NY	Whilst not in the most &quot;fashionable&quot; part of town, the hotel is well located to get all around the city (only a few blocks from the Empire State). It is also very close to subway stations. The immediate area around the hotel seemed safe to walk around and you already feel is likely to quickly grow into a more bustling tourist area, with new hotels already under construction. The lobby area is fairly uninspiring, but is comfortable. It also has the benefit of a small business centre, where you have free access to computers, internet, printers etc. The rooms are a little small, but very clean and comfortable (especially the bed!). Complete with air conditioning, flat screen TV, fridge, hairdryer, wi-fi etc..everything you need after a hard day in the city.The hotel has a small bar area and breakfast/ dining area. The buffet breakfast is excellent (cereals, fruit, toast, pastries, pancakes and a variety of hot food (incl. eggs &amp; omeletes cooked to order).The staff were exceptional. Nothing was too much trouble. We particularly found the Reception, bar and catering/ waiting staff were brilliant (and very knowledgeable)All in all, Highly Recommended.	
Jun 16 2009 	Couldn't Fault This Hotel!	To be perfectly honest, if i was to find something wrong with this hotel, i'd be being picky!The rooms are amazing, really nice, a little small for 4 girls but who could complain at that! The location is good, your not too far from a lot of the attractions. If you look it up on google street view or whatever, dont let the view of the street put you off!The staff were fabulous, happy to do anything you ask - luggage, take pictures whatever you wanted. They were really chatty too.If your lucky enough, you could even get a view of the Empire State Building from the rooms at the back of the building - unfortunately, we weren't one of them. No traffic noise either (we were on the 14th floor however!), i would definately stay here again.Free internet, only downside is there is no complimentary breakfast, but as I say i'm just being picky!	
Jun 14 2009 	Reasonable hotel for a short stay.	We stayed here one night, getting a good deal on Priceline. The hotel is on 28th St near 6th Ave, on a block which has much scaffolding and unattractive store fronts.The hotel itself had a small nice lobby. The room we had had about 200 sq ft, and a small bathroom with the usual small bottles and good towels. It was clean, and the furniture and rugs were presentable. The beds had the new soft fluffy tops. The staff was pleasant and accommodating, giving us the 2 double beds we had requested. The extra blankets we called down for were brought up in a short time. We did not eat there.While the hotel was in an unattractive area and the rooms were on the small side, it was reasonable for a short stay at a good rate.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great hotel that ticks all the boxes	If you are looking for somewhere that is clean, modern, spacious (well, spacious for New York!), has polite staff and easy access to the local sites and nightlife then I would highly recommend the Hilton Garden Inn.It was late at night before we checked in but everything was sorted very quickly and efficiently. We had a room on the 21st floor that was more than large enough for us with modern, clean facilities, a large flat screen TV (with more channels than you could ever need) and free wireless/wired internet that was fast enough for checking email and the news. One small thing to note is that I don’t think the booking option of an Empire State building view is valid any more as during our stay a new building was in the process of being completed that blocked our view and I think would for just about all rooms.If you plan is to spend as much time exploring the city as possible, and need somewhere comfortable, modern and in a good location to stay I would say the Hilton garden Inn ticks all the boxes.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great hotel good location decent sized rooms great staff typical Hilton	I found choosing a hotel bewildering for my first trip to NYC and did a lot of research. I'm satisfied I chose well with HGI Chelsea.Rooms were a good size, with a huge very comfortable bed, had all the facilities you wcould want (hairdryer, excellent range of toiletries, a lovely fresh coffee machine and a microwave!). The hotel staff were very friendly and approachable.The location is excellent - Chelsea district was very nice, and only a 10 minute ish walk up 6th avenue to the hustle of Times Square. The hotel has a little shop which sells food etc, but there are plenty of shop sand supermarkets nearby. A McDonalds at the end of the street. Loads of cafes, delis etc. I saw Harrison Ford just down the road! :-)I'd stay at this hotel again and reccommend it to anyone.	
Jun 5 2009 	Nice place - newly opened so clean 	Stayed here for 5 nights in late May / early June, a 40 yr old Brit travelling for work. Chose the location to be handy for work (lower Manhattan during the day) and for socialising &amp; sightseeing in midtown and the neighbourhoods.It was fine and met all of my expectations - the staff were friendly and very welcoming; the room was clean and comfy; the bed was very comfortable and the air was breathable; and the location was just what I needed.It is a slightly out of the way corner and if you're new to NY you might be a bit spooked by the environment in the nearby block or two, since there are wholesale flower warehouses, downmarket shops and at the moment there is lots of construction going on. In fact, it's not at all a seedy or 'low rent' neighbourhood and when you walk half a block over to 6th or 7th avenue you feel part of the city again - don't be put off!I didn't try any of the food except for breakfast on the first day, which was pretty much as you'd expect, and politely served. The 'pantry' was a good idea - if you're a Brit shaking off the time difference you can stock up on snack food to keep you going when you wake up at 4am!Used it as a base for travelling to Central Park, Greenwich Village, Soho, Downtown, Long Island (via Penn station just a few min walk away) - very practical and fun location. The complimentary wifi worked fine for me but not for my colleague.	
May 31 2009 	Perfectly fine	The hotel was a little better than we expected to tell you the truth. We expected &quot;B&quot; class but experienced &quot;A&quot; class. Front desk went above and beyond to make us feel welcome, comfortable, and offered &quot;extras&quot; regarding making our plans around the town a better experience. Bell staff was attentive and prompt. The room and bathroom was super clean!! The bed and especially the pillows were fantastic. We have stayed in all the best and most expensive hotels in the city. The demeanor of the staff can tell you a lot about a place of business. The staff here was very friendly and positive. This stay in the city for us required very little time spent in the hotel. The time we were at the Hilton Garden was perfectly fine and most satisfying - enough to make me want to write this review - which is the first one I've written.	
May 30 2009 	Great base for shopping trip	We stayed here for 3 nights and were very impressed. The rooms whilst not massive are a decent size for Manhattan. The hotel is only a couple of years old and has been well maintained and I did not notice anything untidy or in even slight disrepair during our stay. The bed was extremely comfortable, the furnishings stylish and the room well equiped. The facilities in the rooms include a flat screen TV, blackout blinds, an iron and board, a hairdryer, phone, bath and shower and air-conditioning. This hotel only has a 3 star rating, but I would say the rooms are more like you would find in a good 4 star. There is a bar, a restaurant (serving breakfast only), a fitness centre, a business centre with two PCs and free internet access, ice machines, free wifi, room service and a 24 hour reception. The staff were very pleasant and helpful although we didn't have a need for their assisstance other than to order us a taxi to the airport. There is a luggage storage area, within which the concierge will arrange to store your bags on your departure day. The hotel is centrally located and a great base if you plan to walk around Manhattan, although there are also three subway stations within less than a five minute walk, which are served the1,2,3,4,5,6, N, R, Q and W lines. The Empire State Building, Madison Square Gardens, Penn Station, Macys, Chelsea Park, Madison Sqaure Park, the Flatiron Building and Fith Avenue are all also within a less than five minue walk of the hotel. The street is not the prettiest although I consider this is to be expected of most locations in midtown if you are not staying on the Avenues. The flower market operated on all but one of the days of our stay and improved the appearance of our surroundings greatly. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York and it was perfect for our trip.	
May 19 2009 	I would definitely go back	I read the review from TA and it convinced me to go ahead with my reservation. We were extremely satisfied with the staff every time we had a question or a request. The rooms were very comfortable and the food at the restaurant for breakfast was good. At night it looks a little different outside because all of the vendors remove their products back into the stores. It was wonderful to walk along the streets and see all of the flowers &amp; plants available and customers coming to purchase their spring foliage.The subway was just at the corner and a very close walk. We walked from Times Square back to the hotel well after dark &amp; felt fairly safe.	
May 16 2009 	Great choice	This hotel is great! It's brand new, the beds are really comfortable, the room isn't small and the staff is really helpful (specially IRENE, John and Malcolm).The location is very good, near Metro Station, Madison Square Garden and Macy's. The street as people said is quite deserted at night so it doesn't seem so friendly but we had no problems with it, instead it was nice 'cause we could sleep without any noise from the street.	
May 15 2009 	Fantastic Location…fantastic hotel…enough said!	The title says it all really. Firstly the location was perfect. It was our first time to New York so didn’t know what to expect but I have to say I’m so glad we booked our 6 night stay here.Situated in the Flower District your about 10 mins walk to Times Square and a 5 min walk to Empire State building. 28th Street subway was just on the corner, which was such a bonus. Every morning your presented with an explosion of colour and wonderful smells as the whole street is covered in flowers through to trees. Was a perfect start to every day despite the rain that we had : (When we first arrived there was road works directly outside the hotel, which didn’t feel me with confidence, and as we entered the lobby area there was a flood (due to the roadwork’s outside). I was thinking “what have we booked here”. But I put that to the back of my mind hoping that this wasn’t the start of the holiday from hell.How I was wrong to even think that. Check in was easy, staff very helpful and room was ready straight away (we had arrived early). We only had three bags between us both so didn’t bother using the bellman. Had booked a King Evolution room with City view and were directed to the 23rd floor (of 24) so we were high up which I had requested when booking. Were in room 2303.What a lovely room. Nice and spacious and the view from the window was excellent (Check pics). We would recommend requesting a high level floor to get the views. Room came complete with Fridge, Microwave, Flat screen TV with sooooo many cable channels, iron, air conditioning, coffee making facilities and alarm clock radio. Bathroom was very clean and again spacious complete with bath (and shower) and hair dryer. Bed was very comfortable.Booked the room with breakfast was such a bonus considering the cost of food in New York (exchange rate was the killer). It was also very convenient as it saved us having to worry about finding somewhere to eat every morning. We would recommend highly to book with breakfast. The breakfast itself was excellent. It was buffet style so you could have whatever you wanted, and how ever much you wanted too. It included Breads, Cereals, Fruit, Cakes, yoghurts and then your choice of hot foods such as bacon, egg, sausage, French toast, pancakes and you could also order your eggs how ever you wished including the choice of omelets how ever you wanted them. Not forgetting choice of juices, tea and coffee. The staff were soooo helpful.Overall, I would say a fantastic hotel. Hotel was in a perfect location (away from the hussle and bussle), very clean and spacious room and the staff were just sooo helpful.A couple of minor things. The lifts are quite slow and as mentioned in previous posts there are only two and they are used by guests and staff (maids/maintenance/bellman). And lastly on a last day the bellman was (for the first time of our stay) collecting our bags to store while we waited for transport to the Airport as our flight was in the evening. He asked if we were British so I replied yes. His response was: “You British don’t tip very well” which I found rude if I’m honest considering I’d tipped everyone from maids, waitresses and the reception staff everyday, all holiday very well.But don’t let these minor things put you off. You will love this hotel. I guarantee it. Any questions please ask.	
May 11 2009 	perfect location	The best thing about this hotel was its location, especially if you've been to New York and usually stay closer to the park where all the tourists lurk - it's a slightly different environment down here. At night the streets are sort of dingy and look abandoned (it's safe though), but in the morning the doorways explode with color - it's the flower district, and a walk home through the fragrant spring bulbs was a daily joy. There are three metro stations on 28th, one right there on the corner of 7th, so the whole city was easily accessible. Plenty of great places to eat nearby, and a pharmacy there on the corner. About the hotel: rooms on the street get noisy sometimes. Not incredibly spacious, but you're not in the room that much on vacation anyway. Beds are very comfortable. Bathroom doors have tension hinges so they close automatically, which annoys me but may not be a problem for others. Internet was problematic. Very friendly staff. The only thing we found intolerable were the elevators. I think both elevators were working at the same time maybe once during our entire week-long stay, and there were no service elevators for the housekeeping staff. This becomes difficult with 24 floors of guests in a full hotel. It was not unusual to have to wait 20 minutes for an elevator which became really frustrating. But if they've fixed that little problem I'd say this place is a great choice.	
May 6 2009 	Great location and great accomodations!	I stayed at this hotel and it was very nice! The hotel room is exactly what you need for comfort and awesome room ammenities!! very very comfy and great atmosphere!!!!! KUDOS!!!	
Apr 27 2009 	Comfy hotel in great location	We have spent one week at this hotel and have felt at home on every ocassion. The room was very nicely decorated and felt very comfortable, in particular the huge bed with a perfect mattress. I enjoyed the coffee-making facilities, it saved me money, it was good to return from a whole day of strolling up and down Manhattan and having a cup of coffee in your quiet room. The American breakfast was very tasty: there were all sorts of sweet stuff they like to eat for breakfast down there; huge waffles and pancakes, yummy muffins and bagels, etc. They would also cook any variety of eggs at your request. Everything was well done, I would just ask for some cheese for us Europeans who are used to bread and cheese for breakfast.The service was friendly and uncomplicated. I would make just one complaint: the elevators were not in working order. Every single morning, one of the two broke down. Imagine a 24-storey hotel in Manhattan with a single working lift: grumpy tourists were forced to queue up for up to 20 minutes wasting precious time of their vacation. They need more lifts (or fully operative ones, at least). About the surroundings: very convenient location with 2 subway stations nearby. The street is lined with flower stores, makes a nice welcoming atmosphere in the morning.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Hotel for NYC Neighbourhoods	We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for 4 nights in April 09. Location was very good if you have been to New York before and want to visit the neighbourhoods (Chelsea/ Soho/ Village, etc) rather than being close to all the main sites (Times Square, etc). Saying that, it's close to Macy's and midtown is walkable.The subway station is at the end of the street so very convenient - there are plenty of cabs on 6th and 7th Ave.The lobby is small &amp; not particularly impressive and there is no restaurant on site (breakfast only) but the rooms are large and comfortable and the staff are really helpful and friendly. There is cable tv in all rooms with a huge selection of channels. The room also has a fridge and microwave - good if you like to do your own breakfast and lunch. There is also a snack station in the lobby. There is free wireless access throughout and you can use the pc's in the business centre in the lobby.2 very small gripes - our room was cleaned at about 4PM each day, which was not really convenient for us, as we were back from a day out and resting before we went out for the evening - I know someone has to be last, but they could change it a bit so it wasn't us every day! Also, there is no service lift which means that the cleaners and maintenance people have to use the 2 passenger lifts - they are therefore really busy during the day and you often had to wait several minutes - bring on the 18th floor, waiting was not really an option.There was some construction work but we didn't hear it at all, and the area was generally quiet so we were able to have the window open all night.That said, I would definitely stay here again - I think it was excellent value and very comfortable.	
Apr 18 2009 	"Loverly" as in My Fair Lady	We just arrived back home in the Caribbean after a week's stay in New York City.Two women friends, in their fifties, who have lived the rat race but got out 15 years ago.Somewhat uncertain how we would experience A Big City after so many years, we arrived - and loved every minute of it. Upon check-in at the hotel we asked to be moved to a lower floor, which was arranged in a minute. The rooms are cozy, clean and have everything you need and Wonderful Beds (we had 2 huge ones). You can get online in the business center and the staff has a list of good suggestions of where to eat. The hotel seems small although it has 24 floors with 8 rooms - but you dont notice, the staff seems to know everyone. The street is vey nice with lots of little flowershops, you are right around MACY's and in walking distance of Times Square (we like walking). Construction is going on accross from the hotel, but we hardly noticed. After a couple of days we found a wine and licqeur shop with a huge selection just around the corner on 27th street (there is a fridge in the room). We would definitely stay here again and perhaps might soon. Do visit the Brooklyn Museum and Botanical Garden, wonderful!!!	
Apr 9 2009 	Second time here...and still nothing to put a finger on.	This was my second stay at Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea and everything was in perfect order. Staff are very helpful og have a sense of humor. I can´t recomend this hotel enough. If you don´t enjoy you stay at Hilton Garden Inn...then maybe it´s you who has a problem :-)P.s. Do remember to tip the maids, they are worth every penny!!!	
Apr 6 2009 	Awesome Hotel!!! Highly Recommended!	My husband and i came to New York for our honeymoon. We stayed 8 nights, and LOVED this hotel! The staff were friendly and accomodating. The hotel restaraunt served a wonderful breakfast. We were thrilled with every aspect of our stay! We would recommend this hotel to friends and family or anyone else else who wants a great place to stay for a reasonable price! FANTASTIC!!!	
Mar 23 2009 	Stay there!	Absolutely wonderful experience! The staff were oh so friendly and helpful. Hint: the hotel does a magnificent buffet breakast, but not dinner. And if u have had a busy day, u do not want to be bothered walking around the city. So, ask the lovely lady behind the bar to recommend local takeaways - they are delivered to the hotel, and you can eat in the bar area so it is still sociable. The Chinese takeaway I had whilst there was the best I have ever eaten, and was big enough for two, and cost something like $10 - fantastic. Had one of their special beds where u adjust the softness to your preference - amazing comfort! And great location - my bedroom looked onto the Empire State Building (magnificent view at night).	
Mar 22 2009 	nice hotel in the real New York City	new small boutique style hotel with about 8 rooms per floor. The mattress was firm and comfy, took a shower at 10 am on sunday and had plenty of hot water and good water pressure-strong enough to wash the conditioner out of my hair pretty quickly. But oh the walls are thin and the windows are not sound proof. Lots of construction out there so if quiet during the day is a top priority, pass on this. Neighborhood is definitely old NYC ethnic and kind of dirty. in the flower district though so you walk outside and there's all these great flower stores with their stuff on the sidewalk so very green and smells good. A great Ballys gym is 7 blocks away and good retail and fast food is near.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great Staff Location and prices	Definately the best hotel we stayed at during our NYC trip. We stayed for little over a week, but we would all have liked to have our entire stay here, Jessica at the bar was just hilarious, making drinks and starting up talks amongst the guest. John the guy at the frontdesk couldn't have been more helpfull in any way. I will make the Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea my hotell during my whole stay next time we go too NYC.Christoffer from Norway	
Mar 5 2009	Wonderful staff who went that extra mile to make our stay perfect!!	My Fiance and our family came over from Scotland to get married in NYC and we stayed at the Chelsea Garden Inn. John on Reception could not have been more accomodating or kind to us ensuring that even when he was on 'off days' that our big day went without a hitch. Jessica in the Bar was also a star, who looked after us and gave us all her local knowledge and advice. Between the two of them we had a lovely big table organised for our wedding breakfast all courtesy of the Hilton Garden Inn.This hotel is perfectly located, a stones throw from Madison Square Gdns, Empire State, Times Square and the Subway down to Battery Park/Ground Zero, the rooms are big by Manhattan standards and all the staff go that extra mile to make your stay as special and memorable as they can. Thank you to them all for making our New York Wedding trip all that we could have asked for....and much more !!!!	
Mar 4 2009 	New Hilton Hotel	I prefer the Hampton Inn on 23rd, but I could not procure a room. I enjoyed the stay and liked the room, I arrived at 10 am and had my bags checked after 15 minutes. The delay was caused by a woman that had used her debit card to secure a room, Hilton placed a hold on the checking account in an unspecified amount, the same has happened to me in the past. Always use a credit card when placing a reservation. The area is not lively, short walk to the subway, MSG etc.. The room was small, well furnished, view of Empire State Building, not much of a view with only 28 floors. I was placed on the 28th, I had some special needs and they worked to solve the reservation I had placed. I will most likely choose another Hilton location when reserving in NYC again. Great for a MSG event.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Hotel	First class hotel with nice clean rooms. View not too good but we weren't there to look out the window, Found the location a bit dismal but other than that it was first class.The hotel staff from the bar staff to the manager were wonderful and most helpful, in particular Jessica the barmaid could not do enough for us - service with a smile.	
Feb 25 2009 	absolute class from start too finish	arrived 2 hours before check in time and they allowed us straight in a room not a great view out of window as we was only on the 8th floor.i think you need to be above the 17th floor talking about floors i think there is only 6 rooms per floor so noise was a minimum at all times.got to say the bed was one of the most comfortable i have ever slept in.rooms are a reasonable size for nyc standards.did not eat in the restaurant so cannot comment bar is a bit expensive and not got a massive range of choice the shop is very small and very expensive but with having a microwave and fridge in the room its easy to buy from out of the hotel and take it back to the room. staff are helpful when i went too use the buisness centre there was some teenagers just using it for facebook so told the front desk they politely asked them to leave as it was a buisness centre.be aware if you are travelling in a group with a fair amount of luggage they can arrange transfers too airport but the firm they use are really expensive we had asm limousine too the hotel they have a website and they were fantastic on the return too the airport we used carmel service and they was very good also the hotel has a baggage storage etc cannot speak highly enough of this hotel if we ever return we will stay here for sure	
Feb 24 2009 	Really enjoyable and comfortable stay	I read the worst and best review about this hotel and I am very glad I did because it helped me choose this hotel. It is nice, new and clean. The staff were courteous, helpful and respectful of our wishes to not disturb our room during our stay. They still left fresh towels and toiletries outside of our room everyday to make up for the fact that they did not get to clean the place. It is close to the subway and all the major attractions. At the end of a busy sight-seeing day, it is great to come back to a very comfy bed and a huge selection of TV shows. If I can get a deal again I would love to always stay at this hotel! BTW if you want last minute items there is a WHOLE FOODS around the corner. For great espresso, go to 20th street between 7th and 8th ave for Grumpy's. They make a truly fantastic brew.	
Feb 16 2009 	Great location and price	The location was great for everything we wanted to do. Shopping at macys, Time Square, Fashion show at Bryant park and shopping in China town. We were a short walk from macys, time square and bryant park and a taxi ride to china town.The staff was so helpfull with all our travelor questions and not rude at all like I have read most say about this hotel staff.The beds were exactly what I needed from a long days worth of shopping. Just remember to bring your ear plugs eventhough the hotel is quiet you can hear the street noise.	
Feb 15 2009 	Excellent business hotel	I can do little more than endorse the other positive reviews of this hotel, but just a few things to add based on a recent six-night stay, following a three night stay in January. The front desk staff are first rate, though I should say that I am a Hilton Honors member. It's worth asking for a room at the back of the hotel as there is construction work at the front at present. There is some noise from the refuse carts in the early morning, as well as from trucks deliverying to the numerous flower shops on 28th St. A key benefit is that most of the NY subway routes are no more than a 5-6 minute walk from the hotel and the 4.5 and 6 lines are abour a 10-12 minute walk. If you fly into Newark then the train from the plane gets you to Penn Station in 30 minutes for $15 and from there it is about a 8-10 minute walk to the hotel. If safety is a concern there is a police station on 30th Street and the road is used as a patrol car garage. Local restaurants take a little bit of finding but the front desk staff are very helpful in this respect and prices are lower than they would be north of 42nd Street. Calling it the Garden Inn Chelsea is pushing the boundaries of Chelsea a little. It is at the very NE edge of what is usually regarded as the Chelsea neighbourhood.I've been visiting New York on a regular basis since 1974 and just wish this hotel had been built before 2007. From now on this is my preferred business hotel. It ticks all the boxes as far as room standards and customer service are concerned. What you don't get are a bar with large comfy seats and much in the way of restaurant services in the evening. And when you arrive at the hotel for the first time (of many!) don't be put off by the rather cramped lobby area.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great property for price - best rate during peak time	Agree with other reviews about staff, room size, bathrooms, etc - all that was better than average. Only 8 rooms on each floor and we had two on our floor - did not hear other guests on our floor - it was almost like having a private floor. Booked just a few weeks before our stay (Dec. 25 - Jan.1) for the best rate I could find at that relatively late date ($237 + tax) - most other hotels that had availability were in the high $300 - $400 for at least some of the nights around New Year's Eve. Location was great for us as we did things uptown, downtown and in midtown - subway was so easy. Ate at Mustang Sally's with teenagers - hamburgers and staff were great. Easy walk to Whole Foods on 7th Ave., Starbucks nearby on 7th Ave. We found plenty to eat near the hotel - we did not eat in the hotel so can't comment on that. Ate breakfast at Greek Diner - on corner of 28th and 7th - great omelettes. Business center with a couple of computers, ability to print was useful - but free internet from room worked well, too. Did a lot of walking in the area - felt very comfortable. We had ages 15 y.o - 77 y.o with us - it was a great place for all of us.	
Feb 1 2009 	Great Experience!	Great hotel staff. Beds were wonderful!! Hotel was quiet. Allowed a late check out. Room size was sufficient for three people. Nice bathroom and great hotel service. Everyone was friendly and willing to help. There was construction in the area, but it did not bother us. Within walking distance of most New York attractions. We even walked to GMA early one morning and felt very safe. Would definitley stay there again!	
Jan 25 2009 	Hidden Gem Amongst the Flowers	The hotel is located on 28th west of 7th, looks like they wedged into a former news stand, the entire frontage may be 30ft. Block is the flowers and natural decorative centre so different. Quick 7 walk block south of Penn Station, there's a subway stop half block from hotel.Property is brand-new and has a pleasant foyer for waiting on a friend but not for anything long-term. The eating area, mostly breakfast takes up the back along with a small bar.Rooms are large by NYC standards, comfortable, and quiet. Internet works as does everything else. The TV comes with a HD feed and DVD player and a very complicated integrated remote. Given the size of the building there are relatively few rooms per floor, so low amount of corridor noises.For the price and location, absolutely perfect for business in mid-town and below. Reasonable walk to Javitz, which is a major plus If you know the subway, you can get on the blue line fast. Some issues with breakfast staff, but then again it is NYC. Bringing significant other for a weekend would have appeal also, but not sure I would do children. For that I would suggest the Doubletree Times Sq	
Dec 15 2008 	Excellent Hotel for UK Travellers	Booked this hotel on the internet for a 7 night holiday / Xmas Shopping stay; decision heavily influenced by online Reviews which by and large turned out to be fair and accurate.We were on the 9th floor at the front of the building above a very busy flower market which started up around 6 a.m. and a couple of doors from a building site - never disturbed once by outside noise. Better than average room / bathroom, great housekeeping and the most comfortable hotel bed we have ever encountered. Excellent &amp; courteous staff who went the extra few yards when asked.With a fridge, coffee-maker and micro-wave in the room we breakfasted from the the local delis which gave a measure of independence and so we cannot comment on the Breakfast Buffet although other guests seemed complimentary about it. We left the laptop at home so didn't use the WiFi but we could access email etc from the Business Centre in the lobby free of charge (in fact we did our on-line airline check-in from there). We had a 6 hour gap between check-out and transit to the Airport but the hotel had a well-managed secure baggage storage facility and they chased up when the bus ran a little late.The excellent TV &amp; Cable system couldn't disguise the fact that U.S. TV is garbage but that's not the hotel's fault !!Food, other than Breakfast, is Room Service provided by a local Bar/Restaurant called Mustang Sally's located across 7th Ave at the end of the block. We ate there twice for convenience and both felt the burger worthy of special favourable mention. Very reasonably priced and the prices are more or less the same on the Room Service Menu - so no rip-offs for eating in the comfort of your room.Location wise - very convenient with the One Line subway just at the 7th Ave end of the block and only a short walk to Macy's, Madison Sq Gdn etc. We much preferred 7th Avenue when toing &amp; froing, 6th seemed edgier / less attractive from about 32nd St south but never a problem, more an impression.Overall, we'd rate this hotel quite a bit higher than 3-star standard in respect of the room and the service; whether it's good value for money depends on exchange rates and competitor prices but in all other respects it delivered and slightly exceeded our expectations.	
Nov 20 2008 	nice stay at the hilton garden inn chelsea	The room in HGI Chelsea was a good size, with a very comfortable king size bed, newish furniture with plenty of storage space and modern deco. My room was on the very top floor and the view is not fantastic, but the location is relatively quiet for Manhattan. Even though the street the hotel is on is not exactly pretty and kind of deserted at night, it's such a short walk from the subways that I felt safe walking back at night.I had a problem of the bath water running yellow, although not with the shower. The mini refrigerator was a little noisy so I turned it off at night. Other than that, the crisp linens, DirecTV, free Wi-Fi, the coffee machine, microwave, morning paper all added to a very nice and memorable stay. I would definitely recommend this hotel, and will consider returning to in the future.	
Nov 11 2008 	A life saver	We arrived in Manhatten after travelling all day and checked into our pre-booked hotel. It was so horrible that we went in search for another. Having stayed in a Hilton Garden Inn in Salt Lake City we rang and asked if they had any room. They did and let us walk around the corner and check out the rooms. Whilst smaller than our prebooked hotel it was clean, light and really fresh. We immediately booked for our four night stay.The staff were marvellous and did all they could to look after us. They helped with locations, resturants and when the IT room was out of action allowed us to use their own office PC to check in for our flights home.Well placed for all Manhatten viewings.	
Oct 29 2008 	Excellent Hotel Great Location	My boyfriend and I went to New York in January for a birthday party. We were booked in as a group by a family member but they were very accommodating. When we heard the price we weren't expecting much from talking to friends who had been there before but this hotel was amazing!Our room was fairly big which is unusual for a new york hotel and there was a huge bed that was so comfortable. The bathroom was impressive too. Lots of storage space if you need it (wardrobes/drawers)The staff couldn't have been more helpful they will advise where to go for what. The location is unbelievable. Five minutes walk from Madison Square Garden. Being New York there's always somewhere nice to eat nearby but I recommend Mustang Sally's or Mustang Harry's both just at the end of the street. Room service also comes from these restaurants so good to treat yourself. No noise form other rooms. I'm not sure how busy it was at this time of year though. Television has lots of stations if you want it but you shouldn't waste your time watching television.	
Oct 23 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	We stayed there for 5 days as part of an Elderhostel group tour of New York. The hotel is somewhat Spartin, but entirely adequate - especifically if you do not want to feel like you are paying for amenities you do not need or want. It is only a year old, so everything feels &quot;new&quot;. The beds and bedding were wonderful, and our room was extremely quiet. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and the morning breakfast buffet was also very good. It is located in the &quot;flower district&quot;, which is very interesting to walk around, and there are 2 subway lines very close. If you like early morning coffee, there is a McDonalds very close, as are the news stands. I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Oct 21 2008 	I stayed in Tin Pan Alley	I liked this hotel. The building itself is tall and thin, the upper floors have the best views, particularly on the north side towards the Empire State Building. The staff engender a small hotel atmosphere, very friendly, helpful, you’re on first name terms before you know it.We were on the south side, 17th floor, with a view of the sun setting over Chelsea. The room was clean and comfortable, the WiFi worked, the fridge, coffee maker, iron and microwave all served to make us independent in our space.West 28th Street is an area of gentrification between Chelsea and the Garment District. Known more recently as the ‘Flower District’, you still weave your way through potted palms and banana trees on your walk from the 28th Street Subway to the hotel, but the florists are now moving out as the developers are snapping up the run down properties. Fans of Irving Berlin and George Gershwin will enjoy the fact that from 1893, number 49 West 28th Street was the home of the music publisher M. Witmark &amp; Sons. The subsequent arrival of hundreds of musicians and their pianos gave the street it’s former, more romantic identity. Yes, I stayed in Tin Pan Alley.	
Oct 14 2008	It's pretty new!!!	This hotel looks pretty new to me or maybe it has recently undergone major renovations. The lobby was small but very tranquil thanks to the water feature there. Elevators were very fast and the rooms were pretty big. There's an on-site restaurant and convenience store but not much of a view from the room. The rooms was pretty contemporary by design so all in all, a great find in NYC!	
Oct 9 2008 	Robbed: Inside Job	Both of my laptops were stolen and a new wireless hard drive. There was no forced entry, so either the maid left the door open or she did the deed herself. I am attaching the police report so Trip Advisor knows this is the real deal.	
Sep 25 2008 	good location and relatively quiet for NYC	Hotel is like a boutique hotel--small and intimate. Chelsea is on the edge of the garment district and flower district. Construction next store not much of a problem. Breakfast was part of our package. The rooms would have been about $575/night but we got a deal through Hilton that was wonderful. Also used Hilton points to pay for our part so essentially free to us. LaGuardia is 20 minutes by cab. Be sure the cabbie doesn't take you to the Hilton Garden Inn in the theater district. A block to the subway. A few blocks to Empire State Building and Macy's. All in all very friendly hotel staff and very professional. NYC as a whole is clean, friendly and inviting. A pleasant change from years past. Few homeless compared to years ago. If you go to TKTS-TKTS for theater same-day seats, take cash--no credit cards accepted. Also the booth is moved to a sidestreet, think it is the lobby level of the Marriott. Les Halles was excellent and reasonable for NYC. Actually, food and purchases were as cheap as any major US city. Now if the hotels and theaters were just more reasonable...	
Sep 17 2008 	Great hotel	After doing much research and being unable to find any inexpensive hotels in Manhattan (even rat-infested ones), I took a chance and booked on Hotwire without knowing the hotel name in advance. We ended up with the Hilton Garden Inn for $160 a night. We were extremely happy with the hotel. We arrived at 10:30 in the morning with the intent of dropping our bags and coming back later to check in. However, the lady at reception told me that a room was available and that we could check right in, which was a bonus. The room was very nice and clean. No complaints with the bathroom or bed. Very comfortable pillows. The TV was great as it had the most number of channels I've ever seen in a hotel. There is a mini-fridge in the room. It was extremely hot the week we were there so it was nice to have some cold water bottles in the fridge. We were on the 5th floor so the view wasn't so hot but I would imagine the rooms on the higher floors have excellent views.The location is great. We were able to walk almost anywhere. Because the hotel is in midtown, we walked both up and downtown with no problems. At the end of long days, we took the subway and the station is maybe a minute's walk from the hotel. The street is very quiet and I never heard a sound while in the room. I never felt unsafe because it was such a quick walk.The only problem is that there is no temporary parking outside for checking in. My boyfriend just put on the hazard lights and stayed in the car for a minute while I ran in to get directions to the parking garage. Then we checked in when we came back. The hotel gives you a discount on a garage a few blocks away. It's still very pricey but it is New York so what can you do? Just don't forget to get your parking sticker for the discount from the hotel when you check out. All in all, we loved this hotel and would definitely go back again.	
Sep 13 2008 	Still a Fantastic Hotel	I stayed at this hotel when it first opened in Oct. 2007. The service and cleanliness then was great and I was expecting a bit of a change with it being opened almost a year. I was pleasantly surprised that it only got better.They added some new plants outside to make it more inviting. The property was still as clean as it was when I stayed back in October 2007. The staff also seems more comfortable and still provides excellent service. The front desk staff is friendly, accommodating and knows the area well. They go the extra mile for their guests.Breakfast has changed slightly as they finally have the speed and the quality that you would expect from a Hilton Garden Inn. I actually spoke with the Director of Sales and she was pleasant, informative and seems to really care about the guests. I will be traveling more often to NYC and the Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea will become my new NYC home when I do.	
Sep 12 2008 	Rude management and major problems if you have a car.....	I am an author and have been on book-tour for the past four months and have been living from one hotel to another. Upon arriving at this hotel in my rental car there was an immediate issue regarding the car. The hotel is located on a very busy side street and the parking area in front of the hotel which should (one would think) be reserved for arriving guests and taxis has been taken over by commercial vehicles doing work of one type or another in the neighborhood. I sat parked in the car in the middle of the street for some time before a plumber finally arrived and left in his pickup truck freeing up a space for me to park and then check-in at the hotel. while i was checking-in i got a parking ticket for $140. i discovered this when the porter and i walked out to the car to get my luggage (a trunk full, including lots of books). the porter told me that the hotel would pay the ticket and not to worry. after the porter and i went to the room i moved the car to the hotel's parking (several streets away, and the hotel does not offer valet parking) and returned to the hotel with the $140 parking ticket in hand and spoke with the front desk person, who in turn took a photocopy of the ticket and told me they would speak with the general manager in the morning.the following afternoon when i inquired about the status no one knew what i was talking about. the day after that the exact same thing. finally, on the day that i was departing the man at the front desk told me he knew nothing and i pressed him to take some action now. he went to a back room where he returned to tell me that the hotel is not responsible for parking tickets. i asked to speak with a manager. the front desk man left again and returned and told me that there was no manager, that he had been speaking with the manager by phone (most odd, why the back room???) the hotel has no official &quot;loading zone&quot; and the street is toally packed with cars, of course, it's nyc. i've never in my life seen a hotel with no parking for guests checking in. on top of that the hotel's &quot;discount&quot; parking at the local garage is $30/day plus tax. so, in total i paid a little over $200 for park my car for three days.	
Sep 2 2008 	Yes its good but...	I just came back from staying at the Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea for 5 nights in room 907 and I was pleased with our stay.The location is good, close to the nr 1 and N,R subway lines, about 3-5 min walk and the other lines arent far away. You can easily walk to Macys and Herald Sq. about a 10 min walk. The street which the hotel is located on is the main street of the Flower district and its pretty in the morning with all the flowers but the rest of the time its one of the more uglier streets I have seen in NYC. The whole area from 32nd Str to 26th str btw 7 Av and Broadway wont win any awards for best design any time soon. There arent any great restaurants in the immediate area either, only a Mc Donalds on the corner.The little interaction we had with the staff were very good; they were really helpful and pleasent.Our room had a king-size bed and it was the best bed I have slept in ever. The room itself felt a little cramped, could be that we had a rollaway bed in the room as well but it wasnt big in any way. The room was clean and the housekeepers did an ok job but not a great one. The bathroom was big and clean and had a great shower. The flatscreen TV was good with about 120 channels and had an excellent picture but poor sound.I liked the hotel but it is very impersonal and well...a little boring, there was a definite lack of character. The area around the hotel isnt that great but its close to a lot of things on Manhattan by foot or subway. I would stay there again for the rate we paid; $189 +tax but not for the ordianary rate.	
Aug 24 2008 	Excellent location (in the day!)	Very good hotel at a very competitive price.The rooms were comfortable and clean although a little cramped as there were 4 of us in one room.We couldnt get the tv to work but didnt complain as we weren't in the room long enough to want to watch.Breakfast was excellent with plenty of choice and very good omelettes made on demand.Reception staff very helpful in recommending restaurants, shops etc.My main problem was night- time. The location of the hotel is very good for access to the subway, or walking to say, Macy's. During the day the florist shops surrounding the hotel are all open, but at night there is no-one around, and we did feel a little vulnerable returning to the hotel from the subway. I would not have liked my teenage daughters to have returned on their own. No problems once you are back in the hotel.Would we stay again - yes	
Aug 11 2008 	Great value for your money	We spent couple of great days at Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea in May 2008 at a bargain price - thanks to Priceline. At arrivel I asked the reception to give us a room at the highest floor available, he just winked and told us &quot;Enjoy the view&quot;. Our room was facing directly the Empire State Building!The room was spacious enough - particularly considering it's in Manhattan. Our bed was very comfortable. We had even a microwave owen in the room and flat screen tv.The room, the bath and the hotel overall is very clean and everything smells &quot;new&quot;.Each morning we received a sample of USToday.The hotel is located in the 28th Street (the Flower-Street) which is a bit unfriendly in the night but simply beautiful during the day - lot of Flower-Shops are there. Times Square is appr 10 minutes walk, Macy's just 5 minutes. The red subway line stops right at the corner.I definitely recommend this hotel for everybody - specially for young couples.	
Aug 7 2008	Liked it	This hotel was perfectly fine and we had a good stay. It's nothing fancy, but it's clean, comfortable, well-located, and the staff is super friendly and helpful. The room was a bit small, but I've seen smaller elsewhere. The bathroom was clean and the shower worked well.We were given a free breakfast, perhaps because of my Hilton Honors status or perhaps the nice man at the desk generously provided it. The breakfast was good, but I wouldn't have spent $14 on it otherwise.I'd stay there again. It's definitely nice to stay in a place that's quiet and not a madhouse. The neighborhood has a lot to offer, but at night the street is dark and a bit abandoned, but not unsafe. In daylight it was busy and fun with the flower shops.	
Aug 6 2008 	Nice but not great	The rooms in this hotel are a lot smaller than in the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square on 8th Avenue and also the location is not as good, so my advice would be to stay at the Times Square hotel instead as it is cheaper, has bigger rooms and is in a better location. Despite all this, this is still a reasonable hotel. The rooms were clean and the location wasn't terrible (6 blocks from Macys and Penn Station), but not as good as the Hilton Garden Inn at Times Square	
Aug 5 2008	Watch out for Valuables	We had an amazing stay at this hotel.... It was lovely and exceeded our expectations. We stayed for 9 days. Unfortunatley I left my luggage with the hotel for 1 hour while we waited for our transfer to the Airport. During this time I had all my jewellery and other valuables stolen from my hand luggage. Luggage is stored in the hotels restaurant. Which we felt was fairly secure as the restaurant was closed. Apparently only Hotel staff had access to this area.What a sad way to end a great stay in NY. It was very difficult to get someone from the hotel to discuss this matter. When we finally did after many calls from Australia. They really were not intrested. Took our complaint but that was it.Great hotel but watch out for security in your room &amp; during luggage storage.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great hotel in Manhattan	We recently stayed for six nights at the Hilton Garden Inn, Chelsea, New York, and were highly delighted with it. It's a new hotel, and has only been open a short while, and is ideally placed as a base to explore Manhattan. The hotel's public amenities are few - for example, there's no pool. But there's a pleasant breakfast room, and a small, yet comfortable, lounge area. There's also a business centre, offering free open-access PCs and internet service. The bedrooms are very well appointed, attractive and comfortable, and the staff are helpful and friendly.The hotel is in the middle of Chelsea's flower district, and there's a subway station at the end of the street. The Empire State, Macy's and Times Square are within walking distance. Good value for money. Breakfast isn't included, and though we chose to make our own arrangements for breakfast, a peek in the breakfast room suggested that there's a very wide choice, including cooked-to-order food. There's also a small shop where basic food provisions can be purchased.We'll definitely stay there again.	
Jul 23 2008	we had agreat time	it was our first time in ny my husband my 9 year old son and myself we arrived several hours early and we were able to store our luggage so we could go see some of the sights we were there for 3 days and everyone was very nice they catered to our every need, they were very helpful when we were not sure where we were going they printed out maps for us put us on the right subways. the rooms were in great shape very clean all in all the hilton garden inn chelsea and the staff were excellent !!!!!!	
Jul 22 2008 	Great location!	Just stayed for 2 nights. Rooms were small but nice. Property newer and in good condition. Very quiet except for the opening and closing of other room doors. Bathroom was not as clean as it could have been. Found dried toothpaste on counter top and hair on toilet and shower. Nothing a few Lysol wipes couldn't handle. Most front desk folks were helpful and accommodating. One was very so-so - didn't want to be bothered with anything. For example, we wanted to have them hold our luggage on the day of departure and one guy at the desk paged a person to get it. 15 mins later still nobody to take luggage and no offer from front desk guy to do anything about it or re-page the person. We asked a women who appeared at the desk if she wouldn't mind paging the baggage person as we had been waiting and she profusely apologized that we had to wait and came over and took the bags herself - while Mr. can't be bothered just stood there. I would stay here again but it is a bit pricey if your paying regular rate. Great location.	
Jul 21 2008 	Loved the location	We selected this hotel over several other Hilton's / Hampton Inn's in the Midtown area. Overall, we were very pleased. The hotel is very new. The rooms are a little small, but very nicely furnished. Staff was very attentive and friendly.By far the best thing about this hotel is the great location. There is a subway station on the same block (7th avenue line (1)). You can walk two blocks east to get on the Broadway line (N,R,W), and you can walk about 3 blocks north to get on the 6th avenue lines at Penn Station (B,D,F,V, PATH). You can be anywhere in Manhattan in about 20 -30 minutes. Also, the 34th street shopping area (Macy's) is very close, and Time's Square is a short 14 block walk up 7th avenue.A few considerations.1. Breakfast is $14.95, compare to free at Hampton Inns. We went to the Whole Foods down 7th avenue to stock up a breakfast items. There are refrigerators and microwaves in the room.2. No on-site laundry. In these days of carry-ons, it would be nice to have.3. The restuarant choices in the immediate area (2-3 blocks) are somwhat limited. There are a couple of bar / grills on 7th avenue. Mustang Sally's was quiet tasty, although a little noisy. There are at least two other hotels currently being built on the same block, so maybe the restaurants will soon follow.4. 28th street is pretty quiet at night. During the day, the sidewalk is overrun by flowers and plants from all of the wholesale flower ships. This makes the street nice and lively, but a little hard to walk down.5. There are only 2 elevators for 23 floors, so the wait for an elevator can be a few minutes.6. This hotel is so new that our cab driver from LGA didn't even know where it was. Make sure you have the address (28th between 6th and 7th).I would stay here again if in Manhattan.	
Jul 21 2008 	Terrific Stay	My wife and I recently stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn, Chelsea. I am a Hilton Honors Diamond member and used reward points. We had read reviews of other Hilton properties in Manhatten before deciding on this particular property.We found all of the positive comments from previous reviews to be true. Our room, while small, was very clean. It had a cool flat screen High Def TV with at least 200 channels, including about 30 or more High Def. Our room was on the 19th Floor and we could see the top of the Empire State Building. My wife especially loved that. The workout room in the basement was about average for an HGI, which is a complement.The one negative comment that we had noted regarded the speed of the elevators. We were prepared for it, but in the 8 days we were there, I only had 1 semi-lengthy wait. It really wasn't an issue for us.We found the location of the hotel to be good (rather than great). It was a half block from the subway, but a few more restaurants nearby would have been nice. From that standpoint, a Times Square location would have been better for our purposes.The best thing about the stay for us was the staff. Everyone we came in contact with, Front Desk, Maintenance, Housekeeping, Restaurant, was really helpful, friendly and terrific. We would definitely come back to this hotel.	
Jul 11 2008 	A refuge in the City	We stayed at this Hotel for 5 nights and it was great. The beds were extremely comfortable and the staff was wonderful! We did tons of sight seeing in the city and loved coming back to the quiet location of this hotel and the cozy beds. It is central to everything and right by the subway which we used quite often. It has a refrigerator so we enjoyed bringing back our snacks from places such as Dean &amp; DeLuca. the Chelsea Market etc. and having them for late night treats. My only complaint about the hotel is that the doors slam very loudly (including the bathroom doors) but once we figured that out we were careful when getting up in the middle of the night. This hotel truly was a place to look forward to getting back to after a long day in the city!	
Jul 4 2008 	Great hotel	Just enjoyed 3 nights here,first time in New York so not sure what to expect.We arrived early but were able to leave our bags &amp; check in.Although I had asked ( on requests in Expedia who I booked through) for adjacent rooms( 2 double doubles) the rooms were on 4th &amp; 10th floors,but it didn't really matter.On returning later on we had been moved to better rooms together on the 21st floor,quietly ans without fuss-very commendable.The rooms were fine,TV,power shower,fridge,microwave coffee maker etc.Even a view of Empire State building from one.The breakfasts are ideal to fill you up until late afternoon,and the staff were friendly and helpful.All in all we would certainly return there if we ever go back to NY.	
Jul 1 2008 	Great Hotel With A Great Staff	I booked this hotel because of its price and location and it turned out to be so much more. After a series of issues getting to the hotel, I arrived to check in at 12:15 p.m. I knew if they didn't have any rooms available we were just going to leave our luggage and go, but it was more convienent to check in. I knew the hotel was sold out the night before, so I knew it might not be possible. To add to the confusion, the hotel Property Management System had been down all morning, so they were using paper lists to check in and out guests. When I asked for our room, a room with 2 double beds, Irene, the front desk associate told me their were none of those rooms available. She then called up to housekeeping to check the status of other rooms. She told me she could put me in a room they they told her was a double room. She told me she had no way to double check with the computer down, but if there was an issue to let her know. The room was not only correct, but beautiful. Refrigerator and microwave, great HVAC system, nice bathroom with a great shower and comfortable bed. The room was clean with a crisp contemporary design. The stay was great and staff really made the difference. As a hotel General Manager, I know how easy it would have been to say, &quot;I'm sorry, your room isn't available&quot;, especially with no computer system, but Irene was outstanding and took care of us. She would definately be an employee I would want to have at my hotel's Front Desk!	
Jun 27 2008 	Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!! loved it!	Stayed for 6 nights at the HGI and loved it. Bed was so comfortable, bathroom was a good size and location was brillant, will being staying here on my next trip.	
Jun 24 2008 	Solid Choice	Stayed here for one night. Typical hotel room for nyc in terms of size i.e. small but more than sufficient for a one night stay. We used points for our stay and so I can't comment on the value but it was substantially fewer points than many other choices. We found the location convenient, the staff very helpful, and overall enjoyed our stay.	
Jun 17 2008 	Wonderful Hotel Great Staff	My daughter and I spent two nights in the hotel and would return in a heartbeat. The hotel is clean and the view of the Empire State building is outstanding! The staff is excellent. Especially, Irene at the front desk, who answered all of our questions, gave terrific suggestions and was friendly and helpful at all hours. Mikael worked hard to deliver our bags and anything else we requested. Thank you to both for making our stay stress-free!	
Jun 15 2008 	Neslted in the flower district	This is a nice hotel tucked away between other buildings. If you aren't watching, you might drive or even walk past it. Once inside, you are greeted with a small lobby, but friendly desk staff. My room was on the 17th floor and was very comfortable. Each room has its own independent system, which delivers very cold air on those hot days. The room was clean and the beds make you drift away. Room service delivered promptly from the restaurant and the fries were even still hot and crisp when they arrived.Housekeeping and the front desk are good to demanding guests. My other half is from New York and has no problem picking up the phone to quiz the staff on things in the area or things about the hotel.	
Jun 5 2008 	HIGHLY RECOMMEND	The hotel was great from day 1. Great &amp; fast service- ask for some extra towels and they were braught up in 15 minutes.Excellent room.-The beds were very comfy, flat screen t.v, lovely bathroom, very clean. EXCELLLENT VIEW!! In new york, most hotel views are of the wall of another building so you don't see much but this room had an amazing view for the price.Location- chelsea is getting fixed up little by little so its not as busy as times square which may get one who isn't comfortable with new york yet. your in between times square and downtown only a few blocks away. Times square was like 8 blocks and downtown i took a subway because is was a few more blocks. The subway was right down the block. You are right next to 8th avenue where they are tons of restaurants. 98% recommended.	
May 30 2008 	Good Hotel	I am always sceptical about hotel reviews as I feel people see it as a forum to get there own back and write a bad review if they feel aggrieved in some way and as a result not as many write good reviews. When I checked this hotel it only had good reviews and I will be no different. The hotel advertised as a 3* hotel, was significantly cheaper than other 3* but the service was excellent, room service to an excellent standard every day and the photo's that others have left do show an average room. The rooms are a little small but ideal if you are on a 5 day sightseeing tour as we were. If you arrive during a 8am - 5pm weekday all the wholesalers who sell flowers and shrubs (Its Chelsea after all!) are open with their wares on the street - lovely. Arrive after 8pm and the shutters are down and the street looks rough so don't be worried. Absolute value for money for a sightseeing visit.Getting to the hotel - get the skytrain to the main line station, then get a ticket to Penn Station £3:50 pp, then get a taxi from the rank to Hotel £4.50, plus a one dollar tip for the pushy taxi porter who moved my case all of 3 feet :) Getting a taxi could cost upto £40 - £45 depending on traffic - we got one going back on Sunday afternoon and thats what it cost us 'cos of jams.All the centre of New York (Times Square) is within walking distance with the Empire State Building only 5 - 10 mins walk from the Hotel.	
May 18 2008 	Location location location and nice	This newly midrange hotel is in the area Chelsea, more precise the Flower District. The hotel is on 28th Street which I would describe rather quiet for Manhattan during night time. The location is just great, several subway lines within few minutes by foot and the legendary Macy’s, Penn Station less than 10 walking mins. away, so is Madison Square Garden and not farther the Empire States Building. There are lots of restaurants and shops around incl. supermarkets. My twin bed room on the 22nd floor was small which is common in Manhattan and not suitable for more than 2 person, especially as the modern bathroom is so tiny and there’s not much space for several luggages. There is a small wardrobe, ironing set, microwave, empty fridge, working desk with free internet and flatscreen TV. The lobby is tiny, too, so it the size of this modern building, there are only 8 rooms per floor. Unfortunately, there are only 2 elevators which are being also used by housekeeping. So expect some waiting time. There’s a small fitness room on the basement but no coin laundry and the breakfast buffet could be more plentiful but you are in the city, lots of alternatives. I would certainly return to this hotel.	
May 17 2008 	Great by european standards not as much as a US property	We booked this hotel because we wanted to try a hotel in Chelsea (we normally stay at the Benjamin or the Marriott East Side in Midtown). The rooms were small but newly renovated. The downsides were: no onsite parking; there are only two elevators for the entire hotel so any time of day or night not only will you wait for an elevator but also once on the elevator you will make countless stops before reaching your desired destination; the tv is cable and comes with an old-fashioned box and cryptic messages on how to use it; the business center happens to be in a bad cell signal/wireless range and in order to use laptops wirelessly (to print) you have to reach an outside vendor for a security code which is not possible with a wireless signal that frequently drops; the breakfast was adequate but the wait-staff was almost pushy without being helpful. (We had trouble getting silverware and napkins). The hotel is new and stylish but basic/no frills.	
May 16 2008 	Great HotelGood Value	Stayed at this hotel and was a little nervous based on the reviews of construction outside and an unfriendly staff. My stay was just the opposite. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was small, but a good size for New York City. The room was on the 15th floor and was very quite. The location was perfect. Just a few blocks from the center of time square and close to all the shows we wanted to see.	
May 14 2008 	Just back from the Hilton Garden Inn	Just got back from a stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea.Had a fab time, the room &amp; bathroom were very clean &amp; spacious. Would reccomend everyone to stay there, theres an office for faxes, copies etc which we didnt use as were on holiday. Free Wifi.Every day they replaced the bathroom Neutrogena supplies. The room was fantastic &amp; we had an awsome view of the Empire State Building. We had the blinds open that 1st night. Room 2307! 7th floor.The front desk staff were very helpfull &amp; friendly. Breakfast is $15 dollars we didnt eat in the hotel but coffee is free in the mornings so we grabed 1 as we left in the mornings.There was a suggestion at reception that we walk downtown to get the Staton Island Ferry instead of getting a bus or subway. We walked park Grenwich Village into Soho past ground zero &amp; St Pauls before getting the ferry. Walked everywhere that day &amp; felt we got to see lots more that being on the tour bus.	
May 2 2008 	Great Hotel 	Good Hotel on W28th - in Hilton group - good standard - new &amp; modern - friendly staff - Wifi free in room - Good value for NYC	
May 2 2008 	Very Happy With HGI chelsea	We loved our stay at HGI chelsea, the location was perfect, away from the crazy crowds of times square but not far enough that it wasn't convenient, two subway stations VERY close.The staff was very friendly and helpful and even called to get us a limo for the way back to the airport, i highly recommend.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great Hotel	This hotel is absoluty fabulous. The price is reasonable for NYC and it is close to virtually everything or a cheap cab ride away. Only drawback is you cannot get a glass of wine for your room..they only sell very expensive bottles at the front desk. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful.	
Apr 24 2008	A Hidden Gem	I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea last weekend, and have to say that I was pleasantly surprised. I had read the reviews, but still was a bit concerned as the price I paid ($160) seemed too good to be true. I booked my stay on the hotel website, after searching on kayak.com and finding them to offer the best deal. The hotel is set back from the sidewalk, which is nice. The lobby is modern and inviting, the rooms were incredibly clean, and the beds ridiculously comfortable. I swear, one of the best night's sleep ever! Minimal noise from the street, even with the window open. Oh, and to top it all off, the shower had great water pressure!All in all, a great hotel and I will definitely be staying again!	
Apr 16 2008 	Still good but not as good	Having stayed at this hotel for 6 weeks before Xmas I returned for another week in April. The hotel rooms are still very clean and the overall experience is still good. The one really bright spot was the Breakfast room and this unfortunately has changed. The food is fine but the service is now poor. For the week I was there both male servers seemed more interested in doing anything else than serve customers. The only service you do get from them is the bill for the meal otherwise it is up to each individual to work out they need to order their meal at the hatch and for the cook to cook and give you your meal. Overall this is still a good value but the pricing has definitely gone up with the popularity. I would still recommend but please get new people in the Breakfast room!	
Apr 12 2008 	Great Value in Chelsea	This hotel is a great value. It is a brand new (opened Fall 2007) property, so everthing is up to date and functions properly. The rooms are well equiped and include a flat screen TV, microwave oven, refrigerator and very comfortable beds. The windows have have thick shades which keeps the light out so you can sleep past dawn. TV is hooked up to the local cable network, so you can get about 100 channels (in case you can't find anything to do in Manhattan :) ).Location is good, but not in the heart of the main tourist or business areas, which can be an advantage, since it is in a less congested area. Easy walk to Penn Station and the Harold Square Macy's; several subway stations are within couple of blocks. Adequate workout room and business center.Hilton Garden Inns are not full service hotels, so the lobby is small and the restaurant is only open for breakfast.The staff is very helpful.The only negative to this property is that the rooms are small even by Manhattan standards. This is fine if you are alone or with a significant other, but they would be a little tight for two friends sharing a room.	
Apr 10 2008	A pleasant surprise!	This hotel was a pleasant surprise. Rooms are simple, clean and spacious for New York. They're decorated very trendily too, which is a plus. Beds are soft and comfortable. Wireless was free - HUGE bonus! plus you got free bottled water as an HHonors member. Wine reception daily in the lobby. Definitely stay here!	
Apr 9 2008 	Will stay again	What a great hotel. We stayed here from April 3rd to April 7th. The rooms were very big with plenty of space to unpack luggage...a small size closet and a dresser. The in-room microwave and fridge really helped as well. The hotel was sold out so we were stuck in a handicap accessible room. The room itself is much bigger than the other rooms (friends stood in a regular room) but the bathroom does not come with a tub. It is a standing shower and water splashes everywhere. Make sure that you request a room that isn't handicap accessible (if you don't need it).The hotel staff was so friendly. The lobby was beautiful. We did not use room service but it is available. There is a gym on the first floor as well as a business center. The bed was very comfortable and the room came with an HD flat screen tv. It is also CLEAN. That was my biggest concern and I was so pleased with how clean the entire hotel is.The hotel is also very close to everything. If you make a right out of the hotel, the next street is 7th Avenue. Make a right on 7th and within 3 blocks, you are in front of Madison Square Garden. Walk a few more blocks and you are in Time Square. I suggest the pizza parlor that is on the corner of 7th and 28th and also the one on 8th and 28th. The prices of things like water and snacks at the hotel is very expensive but there is a McDonald's on the corner of 6th and 28th that delivers as well as a pharmacy on 7th and 28th.This really is a great hotel and I will stay again.	
Apr 4 2008	Wonderful Stay At The Chelsea Garden Inn	We had a very nice stay at this hotel from March 28 to April 2nd, 2008. The room was recently updated with very trendy decor. The bedding was luxuruious!! Rooms were very clean. The plus for the location was the proximity (within 1/2 block) to the 1 2 3 subway. Just a few steps and your on the subway system which will take you to Penn Station (next stop), Time Square, and Central Park. This hotel is located on 28th street right in the wholesale flower district. The streets and local shops are filled with plants and flowers! Just lovely.We had a marvelous stay and would recommend this hotel. We obtained a great price per night on Priceline.com	
Mar 26 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed here March 12 to March 16 2008. Can't say enough about this hotel. We got an excellent rate booked through the hotel website. Hotel is walking distance from Penn Station, 5 min to Empire State building, 5 Minutes to Macy's, and about a 15 min walk to Times Square. It is right in the flower district so when you look out your window you look down on a street of colourful flower shops. The Subway is close by, and for a couple of girl's from a small city who though the subway would be confusing and complicated, it truly is the best way to get around the city! The hotel rooms are small but how much time are you really going to be spending in the room? The bed and linens were really comfortable. The only thing I was dissappointed in was the housekeeping. They changed our towels daily but they never cleaned the bathroom the entire time we were there. We are pretty tidy people anyway so it wasn't like we made a mess but the floor was never swept, and the mirror was never cleaned. They have an environmmental inititive where they only change the sheets if requested which is really great but I still expect the bed to be made and not just the Duvet to be thrown back over the rumpled sheets. If I had been paying the rate listed rigfht now on the website I would have said something, but like I said, we were barely in our room. Check in was quick and the staff was really nice and helpful. If you get back to your room and are hungry but your feet are too tired to go out again ask the front desk a good place to order pizza. They recommended a great place to us that is a block away from the hotel and has great thin crust wood-oven baked pizza. To Die for! Too bad I can't remember the name!I would recommend this hotel to everyone and if I ever make it back I would stay there again!	
Mar 24 2008	Hidden Gem- Not a grand hotel but cosy 	This hotel opened in mid 2007 but it is still unknown to many cabbies. It does not come with a lot of fanfare that grand hotels bring. It is simple and elegant and being a new hotel, it offers the crisp, neat, clean and comfortable experience.It is located on 28th between 5th &amp; 6th Aves and is a 2 min walk from the Subway. Internet is free and beds are comfortable. My room on the 22nd floor had a great view of the Empire State Building. Hot breakfast is above average. The hotel is a pricey but still below many other brand name hotels (but then hotels in NY are ridiculously priced).I forgot my laptop cable in my room. Called the hotel and they kept is for me at the front desk to pick it up.	
Mar 20 2008 	Good Quality	This hotel is new, clean and of a good standard. It's on 28th Street, a short walk from Madison Sq Gdn and Penn Station.Rooms are okay in size, not massive but adequate and good for the price. I paid 100GBP through the Hilton website.I missed having an in-room safe and the elevators are a bit slow but neither of these was a major hassle.Staff were friendly and helpful. I'd stay here again if watching my pennies.	
Mar 13 2008 	Surprisingly good hotel	I stayed here for two nights on business, booking this hotel based on previous reviews. And guess what? The reviews are correct! This place doesn't over-promise - it's not a 5* luxury hotel, but everything is clean, calm and well cared-for. My room was a good size (for Manhattan standards). It looked newly fitted-out. Bathroom was clean and new - shower had lots of power. And it was quiet at night. Breakfast was easy going and friendly. I would definitely stay here again - the $299 rate I paid was good value from a business travel perspective.	
Mar 9 2008	Great location	Great rate compared to other hotels in area. Rooms are very clean and new. Tiny but cozy with flat screen tv -nice size bathroom and very nice staff. Location is great---near Penn station-various subways lines in either direction on street ( 28th). Neutrogena products-lots of hot water and good pressure. Comfy beds.	
Feb 29 2008 	Clean and nice features	This is my new favorite for the area - the place is newly renovated so it's clean. The room has a refrigerator, microwave, flat-screen hdtv with a HD cable tv with channel guide. Free bottled water in the room, and free high-speed internet (wired and wi-fi). Printer access in the lobby. Fresh baked cookies in the evening!	
Feb 29 2008 	Perfect and Convenient!	My husband &amp; I stayed here because we were seeing a concert at MSG. It is a very short walk to the Garden and Penn Station. The rooms are not large but no too tiny either. From the window in our room, we got a PERFECT view of the Empire State Building. (That was pretty cool!) The TV is a flat screeen HDTV with loads of channels. Other posters had only one complaint about the slow elevators...we must have got lucky because at no time did we have to wait long at all..(although we were there on a weekday...)I am glad we decided to stay here!	
Feb 27 2008	Small affordable and convenient	I booked a two night stay at the HGI Chelsea through my booking system at work. I am a travel counselor so I received a great agent rate for $94.50 a night. This was my first time staying in Manhattan and I was very pleased! The hotel staff was very helpful. They were knowledgeable of the area which helped us a great deal. This hotel was clean and new (love new properties). The television featured at least 200 cable channels. We were very pleasantly surprised to discover that. The hotel is also close to Penn station which was helpful since we took the train up from Philadelphia. We only paid about $5 in cab fare for that. Our stay at the HGI Chelsea was great overall. I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 10 2008 	Central location	Well, to summarize :- room are quite big for Manhattan, where usually hotel room are ver small- the hotel seems to be very recent or renovated, so everything is nice and clean- sympachic personnel- good breakfastHowever,my room was noisy - even on the 18th floor- street trafic wake up me a 2:00 AM the first night and, the second night my neighbour were a bit noisy. Insulation could be better. So, if you are sensitive to the noise, this is maybe not the best place. But as you might know Manhattan is noisy at any time,including night, so this is very difficult actually to find a noiseless central hotel.I might come back but asking a room even at a higher floor.	
Feb 8 2008 	Great Stay!	I got tickets to the Martha Stewart show and needed a hotel close by. This place was brand new, clean, friendly and well located! The rooms were small but had a microwave, coffee maker and a fridge. We ordered from room service (provided by a local restaurant) and had a great meal at a REALLY reasonable price. We also had their buffet breakfast - also a good price. All in all - if you want to explore Chelsea, the fashion district and shop at Macy's this is the place for you!	
Feb 6 2008 	Great Business Hotel Choice	Great new clean hotel on northern border of Chelsea - convenient to Penn Station and all midtown Manhattan. Lobby is very nice and staff extremely attentive. Rooms are typical of New York in terms of size, but lovely. I had a King Size bed, desk, flat screen tv, fridge and microwave. Free wireless and hi speed internet in room is a major plus. Hotel does have a restaurant that serves breakfast. I did not try, as Whole Foods is 2 blocks away.I will definitely stay again due to location and cleanliness. Nice hotel choice for the business traveler.	
Feb 4 2008 	Very nice Hotel	I had a very nice stay here it is 15 minutes walk from time square5 minutes from empire state building.Sometimes the staff were a bit unsure what they were doing as they tried to get me to leave a day early and were unsure about credit cards etc.The only problem with my room was the constant noise of the air con system down the hall which was on all day and night and was very loud.Overall this is a very nice hotel with big tv, very very comfy bed.Its also great that the rooms have a fridge and a microwave.	
Jan 28 2008 	A Perfect Stay	Needing a quick weekend getaway from Philly - we decided on NYC and I chose the Hilton Gardens, based on the reviews here ... I was NOT disappointed! The location was great for us, since all of our destinations were below 28th Street - so being able to walk a few blocks from Penn Station to the hotel saved us cab fare and also placed us on the 'right' side of the island. (i.e. if you're going to be spending most of your time uptown, it's still a good location but you might be able to find something closer)The hotel had a seamless check in - and the one complaint listed below (slow elevators) was NOT an issue at all for us the entire weekend. The rooms are comfortable - space to move around a bit with a nice size bathroom and a sweet HD flatscreen tv with a huge selection of channels to chose from - even a microwave and fridge are located in the room, so you can swing by any bodega and get a few things to help u cut costs on those late night snacks etc.The one minor issue was the heating system - each room has a unit and it worked great - so much so that we set it to auto and kept the room at 70 (it went down to 20 degrees at night) ... the problem was that once the room reached 70, the unit would shut off and then the breeze from outside would trickle in through the now-off unit, which would slowly chill the room, and set off the unit to heat it up again. Again - a minor thing but one that might be annoying to those a bit more sensitive to temperatures. I strongly recommend this hotel - a great space for 2 people exploring the city...	
Jan 22 2008 	All Around Great Hotel	I booked the Hilton Garden Inn based on reviews and because it was a hhonors reward stay. The entire staff was very helpful when checking in and during our entire stay. From the front desk to breakfast, everyone greeted us with a smile and was more than eager to help. They even hooked us up with a great view of the Empire State Building (room 1907).The rooms are big enough and very clean. There is full cable TV, not just a few channels and HBO. This along with a refrigerator, microwave and free Internet means they provide you with just about everything you need. The bathrooms were clean and provided a place to hang and store our personal items. The location is very good, although there is not much in the immediate area. Within a few blocks there are great restaurants, and you are only a short taxi ride away from just about anywhere you might want to go in Manhattan. It is also within walking distance to the art galleries of Chelsea which are a fun activity to do on a weekend afternoon.	
Jan 22 2008 	Fantastic Hilton in NYC	Dave: January 18, 2008Reviewer: Guest, Dallas, TXIf you're looking for a great, reasonably priced hotel in the heart of the city, THIS IS IT! Very comparably priced to other local hotels in the Chelsea area but 100 times better! A brand new hotel that offers workout facility, free WiFi, HD TV's, comfortable beds/pillows, great restaurant, 24hour pantry, microwave and fridge and even warm cookies in the evening! It's a 24 floor building, so you can get great views and it's very well insulated so street noise is not an issue. The staff was friendly and helpful, and this place was just awesome! You're within a 15min walk to Times Square, 5 mins to Madison Square Garden and close to many places to eat/drink. You're halfway between Central Park and the Finacial District, so you have easy access to trains/buses. I was staying at another hotel 1 block away that had NONE of these amenities, and this Hilton was only $50 more - and well worth it! You can't miss the facade on this hotel, it sticks out like a sore thumb in the neighborhood (in a good way!), but what a find! You'll have no regrets staying here!	
Jan 15 2008	All-round good quality - excellent value	Having not stayed in NYC before, I did considerable research to find a suitable central hotel. Most &quot;cheap&quot; (i.e. sub-$250) hotels seemed to get dreadful TripAdvisor reviews... apart from this one.So, slightly puzzled, I booked it. And was not disappointed! The location may partially explain the price: it's in a sort-of dead zone that seems to be undergoing significant rebuilding. This, despite the fact it is only a few streets away from the bustling 34th/Broadway intersection. But you're never far from anywhere in midtown, so there's no real problem with location, it is frankly excellent.Breakfast fine, service fine, rooms are reasonably large, comfortable, good bathrooms... and free Internet access! All in all, very little to complain about. Sure, this isn't 5* luxury, but it's astonishingly good value for the price. Would stay again!	
Jan 9 2008 	very satisfied with this hotel	After having read all those positive reviews here, we decided to book this hotel, too. And we were not disappointed. Rooms are big enough, even for us, a family of four, travelling with two teenagers, bathroom large, convenient to have a microwave and fridge. When we thought very hard to find negative things we found that we may have missed a safe in our room, and that one day we came back at 4.40 p.m. and housekeeping hadn't yet made the beds.All in all we were very happy there, even used the simple fitness room, and were very pleased by the extremely friendly and helpful staff. Subway on the corner, very comfortable beds, nice view of ESB!	
Jan 7 2008 	Very Very Nice Hotel - Near Perfect	New hotel with great rooms and price for NYC. All of the staff were exceptionally friendly. Really enjoyed the morning chef, he was just an all-around great guy. He would clearly say back to you what your breakfast order was to avoid any confusion, then he may even bring your food to you if the waitress was busy. This fellow made you feel as if he loved his job!	
Jan 3 2008	A good stay for the money	My family and I stayed here during a two day trip to NYC. The location is very convenient to PENN station and the subway. Since we do not mind walking, we walked to almost every place we had to go in the city.The room size was modest, but I expect that in NYC as all space is tight. However it had all of the amenities we wanted in a hotel (mini-fridge, microwave, coffee maker, HDTV, etc.). The beds were comfortable, but the soft down pillows were microscopically thin come morning (not very good for a side sleeper). The room temperature was kept to about 70 degrees even though we changed the setting to 64 (we are from New England and are use to colder temperatures in late December) so I thought the room was a bit hot.The staff was very friendly and accommodating. They quickly sent up an extra box of tissues (allergy season) when asked. The breakfast buffet staff was also pleasant and friendly.We had no problems checking in or checking out.	
Dec 26 2007 	Great Place!	Brand new hotel right in the heart of Manhattan. Convenient location. Super clean and fresh, rooms nicely sized for Manhattan. Hotel staff was friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend this hotel, you won't be disappointed.	
Dec 24 2007 	Functional		
Dec 10 2007 	Comfy and a good deal		
Dec 5 2007 	So far my favorite NYC Hotel		
Nov 19 2007	Tidy and convenient		
Nov 12 2007 	Perfect		
Nov 8 2007 	Perfect		
Nov 6 2007 	Good Hotel Bad double charging		
Nov 6 2007 	Semplicemente perfetto		
Nov 13 2009 	Immer wieder gerne		
Nov 8 2009 	buono		
Oct 23 2009 	Intachable		
Oct 15 2009 	Excelente !!!		
Sep 24 2009 	Gran dirección.		
Sep 17 2009 	????????????????		
Aug 28 2009 	Hotel centrico buenas habitaciones de espacio justo desayuno genial		
Jul 23 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité / prix pour New York		
May 2 2009 	Da non perdere		
Mar 10 2009 	Satisfaits		
Dec 19 2008 	Giudizio positivo su ...		
Dec 1 2008 	?????		
May 30 2008 	Davvero una buona scelta		
May 2 2008 	provare per credere		
Jan 17 2008 	hotel muy recomendable		
Jan 17 2008 	buonissimo rapporto zona/qualità/prezzo!!!!		
Jan 15 2008 	Ubicación Limpieza y Funcionalidad		
Jan 8 2008 	Très bon hotel		
Jan 5 2008 	Hôtel neuf donc très propre et confortable mais dans une rue très moyenne		
