	Clean room friendly helpful staff	We recently stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. The rooms were clean and well maintained but quite small. As we were out and about most of the time and only there to sleep for 2 nights it wasn't a problem.The staff were friendly and very helpful. We had a few queries and they were very attentive and helped us sort everything out.The location was good. It was in a quiet location but within easy walking distance to Midtown.I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great value -- will definitely stay again	This hotel was a quick 2-block walk from Penn Station, and an easy mile walk to Times Square. It was clean, the room was plenty big given that it's New York City, and the staff were helpful (and checked our bags for us the entire day after we checked out). We're writing this review in response to others we read on TripAdvisor before our stay -- people seemed to complain about the speed and availability of elevators in the hotel. They must have fixed that, because we never waited -- ever. I can't believe you can still get such a great value in NYC!!	
Nov 24 2009 	Good Hotel Great Location	Stayed here for 4 nights with teenage son, brilliant.5 mins walk to Empire State Building.Food in bar is fab, huge portions. Ideal.Good idea to book NY limos from the airport saves waiting, driver in arrival area.Rooms are OK, 2 large double beds, ask for a high level flooe with Empire view	
Nov 14 2009 	Good hotel - good location	We stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of November. The hotel is in a good location - 10 mins walk from Penn Station and Macy's and just a little bit further and you are in Times Square. The hotel has all amenities you would need when staying on a short trip - rooms are good, comfortable and clean. Our room was on the 8th floor at the front of the building. Bathroom was kept very clean and had a good hot shower. There was room enough for your clothes and a good flat screen TV which had loads of channels - which sometimes can be lacking in the cheaper hotels. We had stayed in California in the summer and this was a big problem. In terms of location you are never far away from everything, shopping, subway, buses, sights etc etc. Would recommend the hotel - but it may not be for someone who wants more amenities on site - it is a room and that's it. Would agree with a previous comment about the lifts - only 2 for the whole building and we did have to wait 15 mins for a lift on the day we were leaving as one was not working - so imagine it could be a problem.	
Oct 17 2009 	Excellent if looking for a place to sleep	3 men in same room wasn´t the best idea, but we needed just a clean, safe place to sleep 3 nights in NYC. We were in 2nd floor without any troubles or noise.Great location in the middle of Manhattan. Lovely and caretaking service.	
Oct 13 2009	The staff were very helpful and polite	The hotel was fine so we decided to stay the first night for our dinner. We had a steak for 2 with veg and 2 bottles of local beer. I was amazed at the cost. They charged $115. Some other members of the party had breakfast and was charged $48 for coffee and toast for 2.	
Oct 10 2009 	Seeing NCY	Great room! Great price. Parking was a problem. Staff very nice. Great Location	
Oct 5 2009 	I won't be rushing back to say here.	This hotel, like many of the newer &quot;budget&quot; hotels, must have been designed by a cost accountant who edited an architect's designs with a scalpel. Start with the elevators. Two elevators to serve 25 floors and not even a service elevator?!? Are you kidding me? Everybody gets to wait - including the cleaning staff - because the cost accountant put no value on the convenience of the guests.As for the rooms, they could not get a millimeter smaller in size. Because if they could have, they would have, and the floors would have had an extra room on them as a result!Just getting into the bathroom and closing the door is an exercise in contortions. You won't feel pampered when staying in this hotel, that's for sure.Unlike others, I did not find the double beds to be comfortable. They felt like the cheapest ones that the cost accountant could find.I did find the staff to be both friendly and helpful. The location is pretty good, too: Away from the hubbub of Times Square but still within a fairly easy walk of it. Close to Union Square and the West Village. Chelsea, where the hotel is found, is a pleasant neighborhood as well.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great location Great Hotel	We stayed here for my Mother 80th Birthday in Sept 2008.The hotel is located in an area known as the &quot;Garment District&quot;. This is a great location as the Metro is just around the corner, you are close to diners, delis, and there is a pharmacy just around the corner.The staff in the hotel were really helpful and enthusiastic - even when it ewas busy!!we had rooms on a high floor and the views were super. September - Octobr are good months in NY as the temperatures are dropping and the city is busy with business. Best advice - buy some comfy trainers and just walk your legs off!!	
Sep 19 2009 	Very clean and quiet good location.	The room and the bathroom were little but very clean and comfortable. Good location, easy and quick to go either up-town and down-town Manhattan: 3 metro's stations nearby and walkable distance to the Empire, Flatiron, 5th Avenue. Quiet district but not so many restaurants and/or pub nearyby.	
Sep 18 2009 	incredible views truly the city that never sleeps!	This hotel is in a fantastic location minutes from macy's, empire state building, madison square garden etc, perfect for exploring. The view from the room was truly breathtaking, looking out towards the empire state and chrysler buildings, however there were no curtains provided, so the room didn't get very dark and it was difficult to get much sleep! The room was an ok size and was clean and comfortable, however despite our trip being at the end of the summer, it was still rather expensive, particularly as we didn't get any meals. Overall, pricey but worth it!	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Stay	My friend and I visited New York City last week. We stayed at this hotel and it was a pleasant stay. Check in was quick and the staff were very helpful. We ate in the resturant three times and food was very good. This hotel is in a very good location. We walked to several areas almost every day. It was very clean. The staff was very helpful in getting us a car to the airport on day to leave. Check out was smooth. Highly recommend this hotel. Rooms are small, but we were only in them for a short time.	
Sep 12 2009 	A little gem in the heart of the city	Following an accumulation of Airmiles and Priority Club points (and Platinum Status) I had planned a &quot;free&quot; trip to NYC from the UK. Having stayed before I knew roughly where I wanted to stay around my main highlight a trip to the new Yankee Stadium. The choice was between this and Crowne Plaza Times Square having stayed at the CP before. With this being a new hotel the decision was on the basis of this and the fact the internet was free (and unlike other reviews speed was adequate).Arrived at JFK so took the LIRR to Penn Station and made the short walk down 7th to the Hotel. Arrived at 1pm but was offered my room immediately - even though this was a freebie - 1901 a King Bed with a &quot;view&quot; of the Empire State Building. At the end of the stay I was also offered a late check out - excellent service and status reccognition by the hotel.Having stayed in New York before I expect small room unless you pay the earth. The room here was of a perfect size. In a hotel I want a bed , a desk, TV and bathroom. All of these were provided and excellent. Must say this is the first hotel I have stayed in that provided a HD Tv that actually had HD channels (in fact almost a full cable line up of SD and HD channels). No complaints about he bathroom - good shower a a toilet and basin. Nothing more but what else did I want to do in there ?The local area provides a good mix of shops (CVS, Wholefoods, Duanne Read, Best Buy) and places to each (from Subway, Starbucks and Macdonald to good restaurants) all with a few blocks. The subway was close by along with key bus routes - but did walk to Empire State, Rockafella Centre, Times Square and Union Square all within 20 to 30 mins.Overall a wonderfull hotel and goes straight to the top of my personal list of manhattan hotels	
Sep 12 2009 	Great hotel keep it in perspective!	We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights towards the end of August and we have to say we were very impressed overall. Prior to arrival we were in touch with the hotel about having some parcels delivered before we arrived, the manager took charge of the requests and kept us and his very attentive staff informed so they were there when we arrived.Lets get this in perspective, this is a hotel on Manhattan island, right in the middle of things and therefore space was always going to be limited. When you compare it with the hotels at four times the price you may have a case for saying the rooms are small, but realistically, for the location, price and the amount of time you will spend in them they are just fine. I will say its likely to be the bathroom that has caused most of the 'small room comments' as it is on the small side, but again its perfectly usable.Our room wasn't ready as we were there early (around 1pm) but we were able to leave our bags and set off stright away, advised to come back around 3pm when they expected the room to be ready for us. The room we had was an 'upgrade' from the standard room we would normally get for our rate, we had a 19th floor Empire State building view room which, whilst the same size room (all rooms are similar at this property, there are no suites etc, just standard rooms (seems to becoming more common with franchised IGH properties)) was better due to the open air feeling and the lack of brick wall outside the window.The room was good, sure it wasn't huge, but like central London hotels, size costs money and realistically when you can get this hotel for $100 a night if you are smart about booking it really can't be beaten. The elevators have caused people to comment, sure sometimes there are long queues, but this seemed to only be when they had large parties checking in or out of the hotel, other than that we really didn't have any issues during our stay.The internet was free, a great bonus considering some IHG locations charge up to $20 an hour for access in Europe, it wasn't the fastest thing on the planet but it was fast enoguh for our needs and greatly helped us to be sure we filled our days as best as possible. There are free PC's n the business center in the basement too, when you can print off tickets etc for free - excellent facilities overall in this department.We didn't eat breakfast or any food in the hotel during our stay for many different reasons. The hotel food wasn't cheap, the breakfast wasn't cheap and it wasn't in the nicest of locations. The doors into the Bar/Restaurant are very 'office like' and the layout of the facilities aren't inviting. The bar itself is 'lit' poorly with battery powered LED lights too dim for the size of the room. The cafe desperately needs to have tables and chairs outside, for some reason during our stay these were piled up outside and unusuable - maybe they were packed away for the winter, although with temperatures around 83/85 on our stay they could have been useful.Over all though, Peter (the hotel manager) and his team have a good little hotel here which we wouldn't hesitate from staying in again, nothing was too much trouble and it was great value overall. Highly Recommended.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great deal!	We booked 2 rooms: 1 king bed room and a 2 double beds room for 2 nights and we were very pleased! (especially considering the low price we paid). Staff was professional, rooms were beautiful, clean and bigger than I expected. Max occupancy for the 2 double beds room was 3 persons according to the hotel but we could easily have been 4. The max occupancy was 3 because one side of one bed touches the wall so one of the bed would be more difficult to access for one person but it would not have been much of an problem if we had been 4 persons. Rooms were very well isolated too, we didn't hear anything from the other rooms.The only bad surprise we got is that there were no safe to keep our valuable stuff (passports) in the room. But they can keep it &quot;safe&quot; for you at the front desk (but we did not use this service).When we check-out, they kept out luggage so we could leave NY later in the day.There is plenty of cheap parking around the hotel (http://www.bestparking.com). I think we got a better deal using the bestparking website that if we had used the hotel's parking &quot;deal&quot; and our parking was a 30 second walk from the hotel.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great stay at great price	My husband and I stayed 4 nights at the Holiday Inn for our anniversary and were very pleased with the discounted rate they were able to give us over the phone. The staff was VERY friendly, and although the rooms were small they had been updated recently and were clean. The linens were nice, the bed was a little firm, and they even gave a variety of different pillow types to choose from. It is located on more of a &quot;side street&quot;, but the F train was very close (maybe 3 or 4 blocks?), and we were able to walk to the Empire State building. I felt very fortunate to have found such a nice hotel for such a low rate in NYC.	
Aug 26 2009 	Do not come here	I am Priority Club Platinum member (highest possible level) and I often use Holiday Inns and Intercontinental hotels. I have been to many, but have never seen such a SMALL rooms. If you are traveling with someone, there is barely enough room to stand together by the bed or in the bathroom. Did I mention that rooms are extra-small? Then imagine bathrooms... even SMALLER. The locations of the hotel is OK, on the 26th Street West, I would say that this is the main positive thing, I would also praise friendliness of employees; another problem is housekeeping, which is one of the most slow services everywhere... We stayed here for 5 days, but on three the housekeeping managed to come after 4pm. You have also free access to &quot;high&quot; speed internet, but this is no HIGH speed internet, but extremely slow speed internet. I have even meausured the speeds, and the speed is between 8Kb and 20Kb per second, depending of the time of the day. SLOW. Another thing is that there are no glass-glasses in the rooms, only plastic ones. The hotels only has 2 elevators, so at times you can wait for one for minutes... The hotel actually feels more like motel, not a real hotel. And for Priority Club Platinum members... there are no upgrades. I even asked manager about this, and got the answer that we were upgraded in the high floor (19th out of 25)... not breakfast/dinner upgrade or larger room upgrade... strange... one ask himself about Priority Club membership...	
Aug 22 2009 	Beware of the parking fee...	Our overnight stay here was flawless, from the smiling and attentive service we received at check-in to the friendly bellman who gladly whisked our bags to a holding room at checkout so we could spend a day at MoMa. Only thing that left a bad taste in our mouth was the extra FULL day of parking we were charged for going about 90 minutes over 24 hours at the parking lot down the street. Hotel says the charge is $30 a night, we were charged $60. Turns out it is a flat rate that the hotel has negotiated with the lot, so the hourly rate does not kick in after the first 24 hours expires. So beware. Otherwise, couldn't have asked for a better experience. Request a high floor on the back of the hotel and you'll have a postcard view (Empire State Building, Chrysler, GE Building). Rooms were decent size, neat and clean, beds extra comfy, almost never a wait at the elevators, place was exceptionally quiet, convenient to just about everywhere (subway is a couple of block walk) and the constantly hustling staff couldn't have been more cheerful. They did steer me to a wine shop two blocks away that had been closed for hours, but that was their only misstep. FYI, I did find a nice little wine shop, the Buzz, on 27th west of Sixth Ave. that stays open until midnight.	
Aug 22 2009	Decent Hotel. Central Location. Friendly Staff. Dingy Backstreet	Decent hotel, not fancy but clean and comfortable. Friendly hotel staff. Not a long walk to the subway. Room and bathroom compact but two double/queen beds more than adequate for good night's rest. Self parking was $30/car or $40/van at a park lot a block from the hotel. Alternatively free street parking was available at nearby streets (e.g. 27th) from 6pm to 8am.Although hotel itself is nice it is on a small dingy street wedged between two old dilapidated buildings so the first impression of the area is not great.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great value find	Got a cheap rate online at the last minute for about 119 USD. Was a steal. The hotel must have the friendliest staff I have seen in a hotel for a long time, the place is clean and well serviced with a business centre and small gym. I liked the philly cheese steak in the restaurant as well. Good location. At the doorstep of the happenings of Chelsea. Would stay there again definitely.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great staff clean room central location rooms a bit too small	This was our first trip to NYC. We drove in to Manhattan and this hotel was only about five mintues from the Lincoln tunnel. We parked in the Central Park about a block down the street. The parking is usually $50+ but the hotel will validate your card when you leave and it knocks the rate down to $30 a day. The Hotel was very clean and had all of the amenities that I needed. The staff was very helpful and attentive. The elevator and hallways are not air conditioned so expect to sweat a little bit during peak hours espically if you are staying on the top floors. The room was very clean and had an awesome view of lower Manhattan. However, The only compaint I have is that they rooms are very tiny and I mean very, very tiny. Maybe this is the way everything is in NYC. All and all we didn't spend much time in the room so the size factor wasn't a big issue. I would recommend this hotel to a friend just because it is convient and seemed to very central to all of the sites and lower district.	
Aug 4 2009	Great Alternative to Manhattan Midtown Hotels	My son and I stayed here in August 2009. We were traveling to NYC via bus from Washington D.C. and chose the hotel based on location and price. A quick aside, Vamoose Bus is a great way to travel between the two cities. The trip takes about four and one half hours. In most cases its faster than the airlines (door to door). For $25 (one way) you can't beat it.If you're familiar with Manhattan, the hotel is located below midtown in the Fashion District. It's on 26th between 6th and 7th. Not the greatest area, but certainly not unsafe.The one way walking distance to Times Square is approximately one mile and may eliminate the hotel for consideration for some.The hotel itself is new. It is a slender, 25 story building, maybe six rooms per floor. We had a double room that was spacious by Manhattan standards. They were double beds instead of twins. The room had a closet, desk, flat panel TV, free internet (wired/wireless), about 350 sq ft. The bathroom was adequate with only a shower stall, not a bathtub/shower combo.Check in was quick and effortless. The few contacts I had with staff were friendly and helpful. The room was quiet and spotless. The beds were comfortable. Absolutely no complaints. The checkout was also hassle free as they deliver the statement during your final night. You sign and leave it at the front desk with the card keys as you exit.The hotel has a restaurant on the premises which we did not visit.If your business or leisure don't require you to be in the Midtown Area, this is a great alternative. This is particularly true if you enjoy walking. I might think twice about staying here in inclement weather if I was planning on walking to my destinations in Midtown or farther.This is an even better deal if you are able to score a great rate as I did from the Holiday Inn website.	
Jul 26 2009 	Not the best Location	Not the best location it would take 20-30 mins to walk to Times Sq and didn't feel as safe as other hotel locations. Room was nice and clean and modern with starbucks coffee and usual toiletries, very nice linen. Staff helpful. Gym very basic, limited equipment and no pool. Pretty quiet compared to other hotels. Didn't try the breakfast as this was expensive but there is a fantastic little grocery store around the corner that did a hot bacon and egg sandwich with free coffee really cheap - highly recommended, very tasty!	
Jul 23 2009 	WOW	This is a great hotel. The staff is the nicest staff I have gotten to experience in years. The rooms are very clean and modern. The rooms are on the small side, but what can you expect for NYC. They do not air condition the hallways and are very hot, but air works great in our room. Hallway noise was very minimal, but we stayed on an end. The pop machines located on different floors seemed to always be out of stock at least the two different dates we went to get one. The hotel is one of the shorter buildings around so not much of a view and being we stayed on the second floor on the back all we got was a dirty alley view and a brick wall. There is only two elevators that move rather slow so be prepared to wait to go up or down. If you decide to take the staircase they lead to an alley with dumpsters so don't recommend taking stairs at night. There was always a taxi waiting outside the hotel so this was great. Pen station and times square just blocks away. An $8 cab fare and you are in china town. Overall great location and great hotel!	
Jul 8 2009 	Outstanding!	My husband and I had the pleasure of staying at the Holiday Inn, Manhattan recently. We were so pleased with our choice of hotel. Not only was the price great, but the location was perfect - very evenly placed between many great sites. The hotel staff was outstanding. In particular, the front desk staff and chef were friendly, helpful and went out of their way to make our stay easy and enjoyable. Thanks to one of the front desk clerks who pointed us in the direction of a great roof-top bar nearby. In addition to the great staff, the hotel was clean, modern and well kept. We had read reviews that indicated that the rooms were small, but we felt ours was a pretty typical size for NYC. We would highly recommend this hotel and we will definately return if we decide to travel to NYC again.	
Jul 2 2009 	Clean and Courteous - GREAT!!!	I travel to NYC often for business and it is next to impossible to find a hotel that you can afford to stay at, is clean and where you are not embarrassed to house clients. Finally, I found one! Location is great - two blocks from the subway and reasonable walking distance from the train station. The price was right - look online for advance sale bargains or call the hotel sales team directly - they were so helpful and accommodating. The hotel is clean and bright with comfortable beds and pillows. The staff was polite, which is rare in NYC and the evening manager even called up to my room to make sure everything was to my liking. I will be staying here as often as possible when I return to NYC	
Jun 15 2009 	Cant get Better	All I can say is the staff was the best, it was a young staff, very professional very helpful. The day I was checking out my flight didnt leave till 7pm and I wanted to sight see and the stafff held on to my luggage till them so I wouldnt have to get another night check in just for the luggage. It is a little noisy but I loved it because thats what I was in NY for. I took the Q33 bus to Jackson Heights train station and from there to F train to 23rd street and 6th ave. It was just a 5 min walk to the hotel. The taxie was 60.00 from La Guardia so we took the train. The room was sparkling clean, pillows and bedding was nice, room is kinda small so if you expect to put someone to sleep on the floor dont even try it. To eat there is a place to eat in every corner. Madison square gardens, Penn Station ,Empire State Building, are about a 5 minute walk to hotel, also Times Square . If you want great location, great service, clean rooms, comfortable beds without stretching your budget, this is the place. But caution if you are trying to get a room with no noise, this in in the central of everything and its noisy and veryyyyyyyy busy buth thats why I love NY :)A+++++++++++	
Jun 9 2009 	Excellent hotel and staff excellent value	We were very pleased with the cleanliness of the hotel, the friendliness and the helpfulness of the staff, and pleased with the hotel's location. We were just three blocks from the subway and just about 10 blocks from the Empire State Building. The rooms are small, but most of our time was spent site-seeing so that was not a big issue. The bedding was very comfortable and there was plenty of closet, drawer and counter space. I would definitely stay at this location again!	
Jun 6 2009	Enjoyed our stay!	Planning just a drive through the city, we decided to stay. Wasn't sure if we were going to be able to get a room with such short notice on a Saturday afternoon. We were thrilled that the Holiday Inn had a room. It is a small room, as others have stated, but it served our needs well. The beds were comfortable, and the room was very clean. We had a wonderful meal at the Prime Cafe located within the buiding off of the lobby, It was the best burger I've had in a long time, with wonderful service from our waiter Joe. We have also received a coupon of $20 to go toward our breakfast. We also were able to park one block down, for just $30/24hr.	
Jun 6 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Location and Great Value for money	Got a great deal at this hotel on travel zoo,three of us stayed here for 6 nights in one room with two double beds. Rooms were nicely decorated, clean however very cramped for three people, however as we were out all of the time it didn't really matter. Our room was not serviced on one of the days and we also had a problem with the toilet however when I called reception it was dealt with straight away. Staff were very pleasant and helpful special recommendation goes to Leo on Concierge who was extremley helpful and polite. Hotel bar and restaurant was also very nice, although didn't eat there the food looked superb however the hotel needs to market the restaurant a little more. We ate in an Italian ( I think) across the street and it was excellent. Would stay here again.	
May 23 2009 	BEST VALUE AROUND	I HAVE REAL PROBLEMS WITH HOTEL ROOMS BUT CAN'T AFFORD THE 5 STAR ESTABLISHMENTS. These rooms are small but very clean and who stays in the room anyway? I was thrilled with the cleanliness and lack of odor. This is a small hotel with only 9 rooms per floor. Everyone is close to the elevator and you can hear people in the hallway and doors closing. Just turn on the fan in the bathroom and partially close the door to get rid of the light. Ta Da instant sound machine!The staff was always friendly and accomodating to my requests.Located between 6th and 7th, near subways,and a great walk to midtown. I was a lone female traveling and never felt unsafe although I did not walk past 9:00 p.m. and took a cab instead.YES, STAY STAY STAY!	
May 20 2009 	Very good location OK service	It was a nice to stay n this place, It had everything I needed, specially the location I was looking for. I could rest most of the time and had a cozy time!	
May 13 2009 	Perfect staff and location	The staff was outgoing and friendly with an obvious desire to please. Our room had a wonderful view of the city. Bathroom a bit small, but no surprise for NY hotels. The hotel was sparkling clean, well appointed and suited perfectly for a weekend getaway to the city. The mid-town location was perfect since we were going both up and downtown. Easy to get to a variety of subway stops, restaurants and galleries.	
May 11 2009 	Reservation was not honored	We had reserved rooms with double beds to accomodate our family. When we arrived, the hotel claimed it was overbooked and could only provide us a king bed for half of our stay. Four in a bed is too cozy for me--family or not! The rooms are very small--no room to even put someone on the floor. It appears this is not an uncommon practice for this hotel. Beware!Rooms were clean. Location was close to Times Square and Penn Station. Elevators were very slow and crowded. Staff was cordial, but unable to fix our uncomfortable situation.	
May 4 2009 	Cozy (small) but good location 	Small room but very good for solo traveller. Everything worked (hot shower with good pressure, HD Cable with HBO, adequate elevators, subways &amp; deli nearby).Downside - noisy but effective A/C (usual Holiday Inn wall unit with in-room thermostat), noisy street early a.m. out front.	
May 4 2009 	Good Location - nice hotel	Stayed with a large group here over 4 nights.Great location to see everything, and a few minutes walk away from some good eateries. Great Italian around the corner.Rooms were comfortable, clean and as expected. Staff were polite.	
May 2 2009 	AMAZING STAFF - VERY CLEAN-	Customer Service Was Wonderful I Stayed for a week and had no complaints - the rooms were a little crammed I felt for the the price but they did have an in house restaraunt (kind of expensive) the location is perfect right in the heart of the city: downtown Manhattan	
Apr 28 2009 	Good location nice staff noisy rooms poor shower	The building is very narrow. There are about ten rooms per floor, so the minute people get off the elevator, you can hear every single word they're saying. On the plus side, most of the room are corner rooms, so you'll encounter little foot traffic. I had no trouble sleeping.My room had a very poorly designed shower (no tub). There was only a plastic strip on the floor, and the shower curtain was too short. As a result, water went all over the bathroom floor.On the plus side....very friendly staff and a convenient location. I didn't dine at their restaurant, so I can't comment. There are decent options nearby. On the corner of 26th St and 7th Ave there's a Mexican grill and also a Whole Foods a block to the left. If you turn right towards Madison Square Garden, there are plenty of places to eat. It's a 15 minute walk to Herald Square and Macy's. The hotel is between two subway stations, and it's a short ride to Times Square and the West Village.	
Apr 20 2009 	Really small but convenient and very nice!	We decided to stay one night in New York in order to see Time Square and Broadway before we continue our journey to Canada to visit my husband's family. This hotel is located in Manhatten's 6th avenue on the 26th street. So, if you want to go to Time Square (42nd street), it is around a 15-20 minutes walk. But the street (7th Avenue street) is very busy and full of things happening left and right. The number of people walking towards and coming from Time Square can be over whelming! You can't help but think where are all those people coming from or going to!The hotel itself is clean, quite small. You enter from the hotel door and surprise, the reception is right 3 staps away! The receptionists are funny and loud. The guy who was checking our reservation was throwing jokes and made us feel quite at home! The room had a big very comfy bed, big 36 inch LCD TV (which looked huge compared to the size of the room - so you feel like you are in a cinema!). the bathroom was clean but there was no bath-tub. Just a stand up shower which is alright. There was free wireless internet connection as well.We asked for a wake up call and a taxi the next day at 6 am and everything was right on time.The only draw back I found was the noise. There was a couple right next to our room who came back around 4 am clearly drunk and by the time they managed to open their room I was awake because the noise was as if they were with us in the same room.Ah, one more thing: apparently you could actually order your own food from any restaurant outside the hotel. Seemed it was permitted as when we were going out that night, the room next to us had some pizza carton outside their room.	
Apr 18 2009 	Cozy Hotel	We stayed at the Holiday Inn last weekend. The front desk staff is wonderful. The beds are very comfy. The rooms are small but that is typical for Manhattan. We had to unpack and put the suitcase in the closet or we would have had to walk over the suitcase. Two of our rooms had only shower..no tub but we did not miss a tub. It was a little noisy in the a.m. But the hotel can't control noise. Other travelers would be talking by the elevators and the elevators are slow,,, also common in older NY buildings. Bring ear plugs if you are a light sleeper. Parking is down the street and I think it is about $35.00 per night.I booked the hotel on the internet for holiday inn and somehow ended up booking an extra room and they will not refund it...so be careful. It worked out as my son and his girlfriend came and stayed with us and it was fun.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great locationa and very good VFM but rooms small	Excellent location, ideal for shopping, restaurants, Times Sq etc. Stayed 2 nights in a twin bed room and got a great rate of $140 a night. Hotel is new, modern and clean. The big issue, mentioned by others, is the room size. We were 2 adults and a teenager and it was a squeeze. The room is mainly 2 beds! But they're v comfortable, with a choice of firm and soft pillows. A large LG TV, a small wardrobe, a 3 draw dresser and a tiny desk filled the rest of the space. The bathroom was 'compact'. But everything worked and in reality how much time do you spend in your room when in NY? The AC was loud, but we didn't need to use it at this time of the year. Free internet was a bonus. Would definitely recommend, if you get a good deal.	
Apr 18 2009 	Best value clean gret location but small rooms!!	Great hotel close to subway stations, restaurants and Empire state building. Small rooms but clean and comfortable (amazing bed!). You don't hear anything from the next rooms or even outside.restaurant in lobby but also great breakfast places (malibu diner) close by.	
Apr 16 2009 	Clean and New	The Holiday Inn is a great choice if you are looking for a clean and new place to stay. The hotel is very nice and the employees are great. Ask for a high floor room to have some great views. I would give this hotel 5 stars if the rooms were not so small. If you are staying more than a few nights this might not be the hotel for you if you value space. However, for a few nights it is perfect especially if you value a super clean and new hotel. I would have no problem staying here again for a few days.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great place for sleeping.	Room was clean, but very small. If you just want a clean safe room to sleep in it is OK. Not a lot of things close by.	
Apr 4 2009 	A Tall Secret on 26th St.	The Holiday Inn on 26th St. is so new that some cab driver did not even know it existed until we gave them directions to the hotel. It's a tall and slender hotel surprisingly in a quiet street between Chelsea and the Flatiron District.  As many travelers have commented on past reviews the lobby and rooms are small. However, there is a bar and restaurant that provides a larger space to socialize away from busy crowds in the lobby. I was amazed by the friendly service the front desk provided even with people crowding at the desk wanting to check in, check out, ask for directions, and complain. The employees are able to handle such stress and maintain a friendly smile throughout the craziness.  We stayed on the 16th floor wtih a view of 26th street. The double beds were really comfortable, but as other travelers stated, the rooms were fairly small. The bathroom itself had a tiny sink, but four people were able to manage a weekend in this tiny room without any issue. I did not hear any noise coming from the hallway since some of the doors to the rooms are tucked in small hallways. As far as the elvator situation, we really had no issue waiting between the two in the building. It ran up and down quite fast so there was no issue having to wait for a long time. This elevator is in comparison to The Pod, which unfortunately ran slow and was smaller. We had drinks at the bar and the people there are so friendly and will make you some strong drinks. However, it was pricey like all other bars in NYC.  The neighborhood is really interesting since it is mixed with tourist, straight, and gay people around. On 7th street lies FIT and Martha Stewart's studio and on 6th street lies your CVS and Starbucks. The subway are on 28th and 23rd street, but would reccomend 23rd street since its busier around the Flatiron Building and provides multiple tracks (RWFV). Cheap breakfast can be found at A Taste of NYC on 23rd and 6th (literally eggs,sausage, and hash brown for under $4). After hours dinner and good dessert is on 23rd at Malibu Diner. There is a bar next door to the hotel, but there is also Rogue around the corner. This bar felt like the employees were snobby so we didn't go there again.  If this is the new look for Holiday Inn, then I definately agree they have stepped up to a level of competition with Hilton, Sheraton, and Radisson. This hotel was very comfortable even with small rooms, the bed was amazing. Its ambience and exceptional customer service made the place bigger than it really was for a weekend stay in NYC. The neighborhood is far enough from the crowds of Time Square, but close enough to see the lights on the corner of 7th and 26th. I definately would stay here again since the neighborhood offers all nearby attractions without the noise and crowds of NYC. Holiday Inn is a tall secret on 26th street that will make a memorable stay in Chelsea, NYC.	
Mar 2 2009 	Met Our Expectations and More!	The reviews that we read about the hotel were realistic and well written. We were plenty surprised by the cleanliness and service-oriented staff. Yes, the room was a little small, but it was actually cozier than small. We found the location very convenient to all the attractions that we were interested in. It is a short taxi ride to Times Square or a good, brisk walk up 7th Avenue to Madison Square Garden, Times Square, or the restaurants and services in Chelsea. We definitely would stay there again.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great location and helpful staff	Check-in: Very smooth and uneventful. The front desk was really helpful during our long weekend. One gentleman recommended the Malibu Diner for breakfast and we ended up eating there 2 mornings in a row because of the quick service, low prices and we loved the French Toast and Club sandwiches there. When we checked out on Sunday, the staff at the front desk offered to hold our bags for us so we could do some more exploring before catching our bus. They also graciously allowed us to sleep in a bit on Sunday before checking out which is ALWAYS appreciated.I read reviews that the elevator wait time was long but we never had a problem with this. Even if we had, we were on vacation so it wouldn’t have ruffled our feathers too much. The room was very small as you would expect from previous reviews, but since we weren’t expecting anything different, we weren’t disappointed. The bed was definitely a plus with a really comfortable king mattress. Only thing I wished is that I had requested a better view since we just had a view of a building right next to us. No biggie since we weren’t in there much, but if you pay full price, it may be something to request since they sometimes can accommodate you. Another somewhat annoying thing that I don’t normally notice, was how much you could hear the neighbors. We could hear our neighbor slip the key into their lock next door and it was so audible that I couldn’t shake the reflex of jumping up and thinking the maid was coming in. I don’t think there’s much you can do about this since the building it so tall and narrow, the rooms are really tightly packed together. The location was great for us since there were plenty of quaint places to eat within walking distance. I was like a kid in a candy store, just exploring and picking a restaurant based on the displayed menu or the look of the place. We walked everywhere. We liked being able to walk to Times Square and doing lots of shopping at the big Macys. I recommend walking to the Chelsea Piers for lunch one day because they have fresh seafood in their mall and the most amazing bakeries I’ve ever seen. Gourmet hot chocolate was excellent at a coffee stand in there. For Central Park, the Met, Little Italy, etc, you will probably need a taxi like we did, especially if it's cold.	
Mar 1 2009 	Fine but small	Recently stayed at this hotel which is relatively new, it’s OK but;The upside, free internet access, only 10 minute walk to Penn Station, so easy access for the train to Jamaica for the JFK airtrain or for the train to Newark, so no expensive taxi ride needed.Down side, very small rooms, no comfy chair and the bathroom entrance is off the room which is all right if you want to sit on the toilet and watch TV in the room. It has a tiny work desk and very small closet, everything is very cramped up. The worst thing of all, no video check out, so if you want to leave at a busy time a long wait at the front desk would be involved and the lobby is also very small.This hotel is fine for a short stay, if you just want a basic hotel.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great location great value	We stayed here for one night. It is in a great location - close to everything. The rooms were nicely decorated, clean, very comfortable bed. The staff were so friendly. Would definitely recommend it is a great hotel in NYC that offers convenience and value for money.	
Feb 25 2009 	Perfectly adequate for a short city break	Stayed at this hotel in Feb 09. We had a 3rd floor room with 2 double beds. It was a bit cramped, not much wardrobe space and the bathroom was bijou, but it was clean and the beds were comfortable. And how much time do you spend in the hotel anyway with a same sex friend?! Air conditioning was a bit noisy but we turned the thermo down a bit which solved the problem. Didn't try the breakfast because the local options like Murray's Bagels were really good. Hotel was well located, pretty central and within easy reach of major attractions and good eating places.	
Feb 24 2009 	The place to stay in NYC	I booked this ages ago using my Priority Club points for a surprise Valentines break to New York for me and my girlfriend.A lot of people dont seem to like booking hotels that are only 15,000 points a night but we've never had any problems anywhere in the world. My only question is.....why is this only 15,000 points a night ?!We arrived after a long flight UK-Amsterdam-JFK and took the subway to Penn Station. Its no more than a 10 minute walk but on the way back we got the subway at 23rd St which is even closer.On arrival we were greeted with a big welcoming smile and check in literally took 2 minutes...if that. Reading other reviews we though we would wait ages for the lift but it wasn't a problem. We were given a room on the 23rd floor as I had emailed saying it was a surprise break and the views were magnificent. Looking over the Mahattan skyline.Ok so the rooms werent the size of a suite from a Hollywood movie but they were immaculately clean with everything you needed...a very comfy bed and a spotlessly clean bathroom with large wet room type shower and all of the soaps, shampoos etc etc. A large flat screen TV allowed us Brits to look on in amusement at the millions of TV channels while we unpacked and there is free interent as well. Wired and wifi.Everytime you walk in through the front door or out of the lift the receptionists always greet you with a friendly hello and a smile. People may think this is 'the American way' but it doesnt happen everywhere in the States I can assure you.Walk out of the hotel, turn left and then left again and you have mini supermarkets and some cracking deli's for that New York feeling of getting bagels with all sorts of hot and cold fillings and a couple of coffees to go.Walk out of the hotel, turn left, cross over the road , up to to the next block and trun left and you are on Broadway and from here it is a 10-15 minute walk and you are in Times Square. This hotel is no more than 15 minutes walk from Times Square, Empire State, Penn Station, Madison Sq Gardens etc.People have said they have to wait for the lifts. One morning we waited about 3 minutes. ANd it probably stopped at most floors on the way down as the maids use the lifts as well. Total...about 5 minutes. Whats 5 minutes out of your life when you are in New York on holiday?The few times we used NY taxis it was no more than $5 to the hotel including tip. This hotel is central and clean and new. The barmaid behind the bar the couple of times we wnet in was annoying in that everyone had to know what she was doing, where she had been and how she was this or did that...but hey...you're in New York. We only popped in as it was happy hour and we were just cominbg back to refresh before we headed back out.At the end of the day, this is an ideally situated hotel in the centre of town that is clean...spotlessly clean...and has the same size bed as any other hotel. The same size wash basin, the same size toilet, the same size coffee mugs and the same size window. The maids make no noise. The views are spectacular and rather than spend $55 on a yellow cab from JFK, spend $5 on the Air Train to Jamaica central and then $2 on the blue E line to either Penn Station or 23rd St and walk 2 blocks.When we go back to NY, this is where we are staying !	
Feb 21 2009 	best hotel and friendliest i've stayed in new york !	myself and a friend just got back from new york and stayed here loved the hotel and the staff were just so friendly and couldn't do enough for us . we,re due to go back soon and wouldn't stay anywhere else had fantastic time !!!	
Feb 13 2009 	Excellent Value!	Great location. Nice cozy room. Tastefully decorated. Large thick bath towels. There were 4 of us (2 couples) in a room with 2 double beds. It was a bit cramped but we didn't spend much time in the room anyway so it suited us just fine.The staff was amazing. The most courteous, friendly staff I've ever encountered in NYC. And extremely responsive. When we had plumbing problems, someone was at our door within 5 minutes to take care of it.	
Jan 20 2009 	A no-problem stay; good budget option	Got a great $95 rate on Priceline for a holiday weekend in NYC. This hotel has only been open 7 months, so not everyone knows about it. Location is good--it's halfway between the F/V (6th and 23rd) and 1 (7th and 28th) subway stops, although the 1 is slightly closer. There are convenience stores, drugstores and restaurants just steps away: CVS and Duane Reade on 6th, Chipotle and BRGR on 7th. I recommend Supermac on 7th just south of 29th: multiple varieties of macaroni and cheese. Received an &quot;upgrade&quot; on arrival to a king bed on 14. Small, NY style room, and really tiny bathroom (bathroom even tinier than the ones at the Radisson Lexington). But everything was clean and comfortable. Flat-screen TV with many stations, about 1/3 of which didn't come in. FREE INTERNET! (Wired or wireless--I went with wired--but be sure all the ethernet cables are connected properly.) I had no noise problems--I could only hear people if they were in the hall outside my door. It was super cold during my stay, and it was kind of hard to keep the room warm because the cold kept radiating from the window, but it was better the last day when it got up to freezing. Staff was pretty friendly for a NY hotel, greeting all the guests as they got off the elevators (no long elevator waits, either). The bartender even changed a $100 for me. The only problem I had was one day when I left my room at noon, it was not cleaned when I got back. I called down and someone came right up and changed the towels and made the bed. I appreciated that; I've had hotels tell me I was out of luck before when that happened.All in all, I would recommend this place to a single traveler especially--but probably not families due to the size of the rooms. Maybe a couple. I don't know what the two-bedded rooms were like.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Deal in Manhattan	My husband and I got a really great rate ($96.00/night) at this hotel. Granted, we stayed in early January--a downtime for NYC hotels. I had booked in part because of the price and in part because of the reviews read here. Everything was better than I expected. We stayed on the 21st floor and had a nice view. The room appears to have been very recently remodeled/updated. Yes, the room is small, as nearly all Manhattan hotel rooms are. Yes, sometimes we had to wait a few minutes for the elevator but it was much better than I had anticipated after having read other reviews here. The room and the entire hotel were very clean. The staff at the reception desk were incredibly friendly and helpful. They seemed very genuine and appeared to want us to really enjoy our stay. The location is great. IT is a nice, clean, safe, hotel. We got our great rate on their website. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 4 2009 	Friendly staff	We have just returned from a six day trip to new york and were a bit nervous of some of the comments regarding the staff and the lifts in this hotel. However we were very pleasantly surprised. We arrived on Xmas Day (family of 5 - children aged 15. 15 and 20), were greeted very nicely by reception, and then took the lift up to the 20th floor no bother. The rooms are small admittedly but have everything you need. Only gripe would be that the cleaners congregated outside our room each morning as that was where the trolleys were kept. We could not fault the reception - they went out of their way to be friendly, and the lifts worked reasonably quickly at all times. The position is good - just a few blocks away from Macys and then on up 5th Avenue - what more could you ask for?!	
Dec 24 2008 	Great location and staff	We stayed at this hotel from 18th to 21st December - a surprise birthday trip for my wife.We flew UK - Amsterdam - JFK but unfortunately our luggage didn't. We arrived 3pm on the Thursday; the luggage finally caught up with us at 3am on the Saturday.As soon as they aware of the problem, the staff at the hotel were solicitous and helpful. Within minutes we were sorted out with all the toiletries etc at their disposal, helpful advice and offers of any further support and assistance we needed. They couldn't have been more helpful.The rooms weren't large, but were big enough for our short stay. We had a double for my wife and I and a twin for the kids. The twin had a shower room. The double boasted a bathroom, but the bath was no more than a deep slightly elongated shower tray.But what do you expect in a city where space is at a premium?Everywhere was clean and well maintained. Our one problem - no plug for the bath - was sorted out in minutes.Each room had a huge TV with a vast list of channels, alarm clock, free internet (plug in and wireless), and tea/coffee making facilities (apparently not universal in the US). Not much tea or coffee though - take some of your own or buy additional supplies locally.The bar and restaurant prices were horrendous. We ate breakfast at the Malibu on 23rd Street - five minute walk (in the snow!), great food and inexpensive.The heating/air con in each room was individually adjustable (which I hear is rare). If you go, it isn't enough to change the wall thermostat and set it to &quot;auto&quot; - you also need to change the heat/fan speed settings under the flap on the air con unit itself.The beds were really comfortable. Good supply of pillows and towels.Overall a great hotel for a touring or shopping trip. Not a hotel to kill time in, but all you need in NY is a bed!One last recommendation - if you got to NY for the first time, get a guide to show you round. They know the quickest ways to travel between any two points, and the best places to view the inindividual sites. I would strongly recommend http://www.familyinnewyork.com/ who are competitively priced and work very hard to design your personal tour of choice. Scott (the boss) and Mark couldn't have looked after us better. Try them - you will see a lot more in a day with them than you would in a week on your own. They are also happy to offer unlimited advice on shopping, eating, entertainment etc.	
Dec 19 2008 	Would stay here again	Great place to stay if you're looking for a clean room in a very good location. Staff was pleasant and helpful, room was very modern and ammenities are simple, yet functional.Make no mistake about it, there is nothing fancy about this hotel. It's just a great value for NYC and within walking distance to most of lower and mid-town Manhattan.	
Dec 11 2008 	Great stay	Just back from New York had a weeks stay here and not dissapointed either, rooms were large two double beds, comfortable and a lovely view of the Empire State Building from the bedroom window.Staff were friendly and helpful.Hotel has normal facilities plus free internet in a buisness room, small gym and bar with restaurant, only downside here the bar do not sale draught products beers only by the glass.The hotel is in a decent location easy to walk to Macy's and a short walk longer to Times Sq, Empire state building, Grand Central station etc. Car rental only 5 mins away too for the adventurous and those looking to travel farther afield.Would i stay here again, yes, would i recommend this hotel, yes	
Dec 10 2008 	Liked the Hotel	I just got back from spending 3 nights in this hotel. I enjoyed my stay, the staff was very friendly and the hotel was clean. The restaurant that's inside has half price drinks 7 days a week for a few hours each night and the food was GREAT! The owner is on hand doing the cooking, the tortilla chips were fresh and the salsa great! Fresh wings, Fresh cut and dipped calamari, it was all outstanding! I didn't have any issues with the elevators or wait time. The rooms are small but having spent time in other hotels, they were the same there. We didn't go to nyc to sit in the room, by the time we came back at night, it was right to bed!	
Dec 10 2008 	Small but very nice...	This new hotel has its ups and downs. The staff was great! Friendly, responsive, and really helpful. The rooms are very small - not much extra space but you wont spend much time in your room in this perfectly located hotel. You are in the middle of everything and there is so much to do! The main downfall is the elevators....there are only 2 elevators for the entire hotel and it is hard to find a ride with room on it. Overall, a very nice place.	
Dec 9 2008 	Very nice hotel w/ tiny rooms and few amenities	Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Inn. It was a very nice and clean hotel, but for what I paid I feel like there should have been a lot more included. This is not a BAD hotel by any means, I am just used to receiving a lot more amenities for a lot less money (free breakfast, pool, fridge in room, etc.). The Good:- Hotel bar happy hour had half-priced drinks from 4 pm to 7 pm- Room furnishings; very comforrtable bedding - Location; very close to Subway stops and not far from Times SquareThe Bad:- The rooms were tiny! There were only two of us sharing a room and we felt very cramped. I can't imagine staying with more than 2 people in a room. - Elevators; there were only two and a few times it took a long time for them to come- Very few amenities; no pool, tiny &quot;business center&quot; and &quot;execise room&quot;- Hotel website claimed to have a mini-fridge and CD player in the room, but it didn't have either.Overall a nice stay, but in the future I will choose a hotel that offers more.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great location... shame about elevators and a bit pricey!	My partner and I chose this hotel because it's located near Penn Station - approximately 10 minutes walk away. We arrived from Boston by train, and walked four blocks downtown along 7th Ave to 26th. The lobby was small but the reception staff were very friendly, efficient and professional. Our room was on the 15th Floor - it's bigger than an average New York hotel room, with two queen-sized beds! These beds were amazingly comfortable! The TV was awesome. It offered 100's of satellite channels - if we didn't have go out and see our friends, I would have been very happy staying in the room for two whole days watching TV! The main problem about this hotel was its lack of elevators. There were only two of them, and both were tiny. Guests had to share them with bell-boys, cleaners and other hotel staff. So, sometimes we had to wait ages for it, especially in the morning. And other times, it was too crowded. We were on vacation, so it was OK - but for those in a hurry (i.e. businessmen), it wouldn't be so great. Secondly, breakfasts were not included in the price, considering we paid US$350 per night. Luckily, there were two McDonald's nearby - one on 6th Ave and the other on 7th Ave (24 hrs). The nearest subway station was two blocks away on 28th. Overall, it's a great hotel in the Flower District. Great location - right in the heart of Manhattan. We will definitely stay there again. And it may sound cliche, but &quot;We love New York!&quot;.	
Nov 26 2008	One person's cosy....	...is another person's cramped, or so this hotel's reviews would seem to indicate. We recently stayed there for one night at the start of a holiday and then four nights at the end. The first night we were in room 2507, on the top floor under the air conditioning system! A fabulous view towards the financial district did not wholly compensate for the noise level.Our twin room was, in the American way, funished with two double beds. While this worked in other hotels we stayed at on our trip it meant that, in the small rooms that this hotel possess, it was difficult to open, store and manoeuvre around two farly large suitcases. Our four nights were spent in room 807. There was still a noise problem from both within (an air conditioning duct runs down the inside wall of the '07' rooms) and without. I think that the bedroom windows should have been triple glazed, which would not have added a great deal to the cost of this recently opened hotel.As other reviewers have noted, lifts can be an issue. On our last morning one had broken down, a seemingly not uncommon occurrance, and it took my partner about 20 minutes to get down to the lobby with her case - she only managed that by getting in the lift while it was on the way up!On the plus side the hotel is within walking distance of many major tourist attractions and three subway lines. The rooms were clean and reasonably well appointed. The reception staff were as helpful as they could be given the chaos that sometimes reigns when a coach party are squeezing into the small lobby. I'd stay there again but I would be choosey about the room I'd accept.	
Nov 16 2008 	A great hotel	A fantastic view from the room.That sums up the hotel room for me.It also had a fantastic HD Flat screen TV, perfect air con, a comfortable bed and a great location. The 28th Street subway station is a 2 minute walk away, or you can be at MSG (Penn Station) in 5-10 minutes.The hotel room was not massive, but is ample for 2 persons.The room was very clean and although the hotel only had 2 lifts, I never had long to wait. There is a small gym and office with free internet access in the basement.I had a 21st floor room with views toward Empire State Building. Next time I will ask for a South Facing room to look towards Lower Manhattan.	
Nov 4 2008 	Never stay at this hotel for more than one night	I would never stay at this hotel again- never!There are two main issues that make this hotel inconvenient if you stay for more than one nightThere are only two elevators for the whole hotel- there are 25 floors so expect long long waits. Worse twice in a week one elevator broke down so on the last day we waited 22 minutes to get from the top floor to the lobby. I would have walked but we had luggage to bring down. Standard thru the week was a ten minute wait in the morning.As we had to check out we left our luggage and came back at 3pm to pick it up- again only one elevator was still working and they had moved our luggage to the storage on the 3rd floor. With a lobby full of people waiting for luggage we again waited for more than 20 minutes to get our luggage. Knowing they had problems with the elevators why would you move luggage from the lobby! I asked for a Manager but apparently she was working trying to find luggage for other clients and I could wait no longer. The staff look as if this is a regular thing and are shell shocked. They do their best to apologize but it must be agonizing to have to do this day in day out. The rooms themselves are fine- nothing elaborate but clean. If you are on the 25th floor do not stay in 2501 as it is right below the elevator shaft so you hear the elevator moving all night. I had to move after the first night. There are better hotels in the area- normally I stay at the Hilton Garden Inn on 28th Street but they were booked on the Halloween night.	
Oct 31 2008 	Good hotel with some things to look out for....	Type of trip: Leisure TripRoom Type Stayed in on Trip: Standard Room King Size BedMain things I look for this type of trip are:Central HotelQuiet RoomsClean RoomWelcoming / comfortable roomGood showerGood size towels Room fan / airconBlack-out curtainsIroning Board in RoomComfortable bed, duvet, with the ability to request feather pillowInternet in Room with area to workNon-essentials:Enough sockets to plug Laptop and phonesFilms on Demand on TV and good size TVToiletries provided and ability to order bathrobe and slippersRoom serviceGood breakfastExtras (Fitness room, sauna, steam room, pool)This hotel fared as follows:Central Hotel: Very, walking distance to Times Square, Macys, near subway.Quiet room: Yes and no, see further down.Clean room: YesWelcoming/comfortable room: YesGood shower: Yes, but no bath.Good size towels: Standard size not large.Room fan/aircon: Yes Black-out curtains: Yes, but not the best as some cracks.Ironing Board in Room: YesComfortable bed, duvet, with the ability to request feather pillow: Bed very comfortable, duvet and two types of good pillows however no feather.Internet in Room with area to work: Yes, internet is wired and wireless however can be very slow in the mornings and evenings when most of the hotel is using it.Enough sockets to plug Laptop and phones: YesFilms on Demand on TV and good size TV: New large flat screen TVToiletries provided and ability to order bathrobe and slippers: Toiletries provided but no bathrobe or slippers.Room service: YesGood breakfast: Did not eat at the hotel but bar did have very good cocktails.Extras (Fitness room, sauna, steam room, pool): Fitness room closed, however hotel did organise other facilities off site.Overall: New hotel, rooms are very small (compact) but are comfortable and well designed. You can however hear most of what is going on in the corridors outside the room. I recommend you use the room fan at full speed at night, this stops you from hearing any noise outside the room. The internet is stable however can be very slow. You can have to wait for the elevators as there are only two for a hotel with 24 floors with 10 rooms on each floor. All in all it’s a good little hotel and nicely comfortable.	
Oct 29 2008 	Nothing Special	Wanted to stay at the Holiday Inn nearer Little Italy, but it was book. So we were able to use Priority Club points to stay at the 6th Ave. location. Lobby was a hole in the wall and the room was no bigger. You could easily get claustrophobic in a space so small. Priority Club got us a room on the 21st floor, but that only made the wait for the elevator that much longer. Breakfast was miserable and high priced- oatmeal, granola with yogurt, tea and coffee came to $30. Starbucks was a better deal. After 2 days we were advised to have the key card rekeyed, but of course we got all the way up to the room to find that the key card did not work. Not near Times Square and not near Little Italy or WTC area. Really not good for much. Someone said that in a few years the area will be better, but who wants to wait. No service elevator so you have to compete with the bellmen and cleaning staff for the lifts.	
Oct 14 2008 	Loved the Holiday Inn Manhattan 6th Ave	This was our first time going to New York City, and we absolutely loved it. The hotel room was small but cozy, It felt like we were at home. The bed was the best I've slept on while being on vacation. The staff was so helpful and the location was great. When I return to New York I'll definitely stay at this hotel again without a doubt. The t-shirts are right when they say...I love New York!!!	
Oct 9 2008 	Loved it. Its great	Extremely professional service. The manager (Juniors ) was extremely helpful and professional. The rooms were a little small, but its a new hotel and we were provided a room on the top most floor( 25 th) . Comfy bed, very very clean room and bathroom.	
Oct 9 2008 	Very Happy with this Holiday Inn	I read the reviews and was concerned. Instead the check in area was small but just fine- there were maybe 15 people in the area and we still got right to the front desk and checked in quickly. The front desk staff was professional, courteous, and genuinely wanted to assist with any travel/tourism needs (same at check out). The room had a nice view of downtown. It was smallish, but sufficient with a new mattress- new everything! The bathroom was small and very basic- but this is no Ritz Carlton, and in NYC size will be reduced. The location was sufficient.I nornally don't stay in Holiday Inn hotels (hilton, hyatt...) but I liked my stay and would recommend that anyone consider this hotel.	
Oct 7 2008	commencement of a long holiday	We stayed here for two nights the commencement of a three week tour.We were very happy with the location and with the hotel as a whole.We enjoyed an evening meal here which was good.	
Oct 5 2008 	OK but could be better	Stayed here for two nights at the end of a coach tour. As stated in an earlier review, this hotel does not appear to be able to handle coach tours. The lobby area is very small and can quickly gets filled up with luggage. Only having two lifts causes major problems and major delays. Our tour arrived an hour before check in which seemed to cause chaos with luggage being left on the sidewalk when porterage had been paid. Reception staff were generally OK but could be unhelpful at times. Only a limited number of securty boxes were avalable which is a surprise considering how many rooms there are in the hotel. The room itself was good but small with very limited storage space. The hotel location was very good	
Oct 5 2008 	Wouldn't recommend this one	As with other reviewers I found many delays with the lifts. 25 floors and only 2 lifts doesn't make sense. Add that to a tiny and very crowded reception , and keys that didn't work on two consecutive days mean that this is a hotel to which I won't be returning. The young staff were helpful though , and being on the top floor I had no problems with noise.	
Oct 5 2008 	Another good Holiday Inn	We stayed here for two nights at the start of a family holiday. The room was a little small, but hey, this is Manhattan! The hotel itself and the staff were great, very helpful, very slick, good luggage handling/storage etc, and the only wifi of the holiday which accepted my own outgoing mail server. We didn't do breakfast (expensive) but there are lots of diners and restaurants just around any corner. If you just want somewhere comfortable, clean and secure to lay your head, this is as good as any. It pays to watch the website very carefully for prices - we got two nights cheaper than one night the following month.	
Oct 2 2008 	Below average hotel	Allow extra time on your holiday to take into account the time you will have to wait for the lift. Everything seemed good until we got to our room and found it was a tiny double. We had booked a twin about 6 weeks previously. Thought it was a mistake so went to reception - they said that they had overbooked on twins (hadn't bothered to tell us) and their manner indicated that it was not their fault and we would have to put up with it. Made a fuss and eventually given a twin room. Room was tiny - nowhere to put two suitcases down and furnished with items way too large for the room - the light took up half the desk. Air conditioning too loud to have on at night. Housekeeping seemed to vary from ok to having tea bags, paper cups and pillows strewn about the room.Couldn't wait to leave.	
Oct 1 2008 	OK but housekeeping is hit and miss	The hotel is in a good location, close to very good bars and restaurants in Chelsea. Several subway stops within a couple of blocks.As it's new , everything is new and clean. Good HDTV, free wifi and printers available in the business centre.We didn't have to wait too much for the lifts, however they did break down one day (when we were inside!). We also found the room quiet with no street noise (we were on 23rd floor), and had a great view of the Empire State Building.Rooms are small, but I gather they're about normal for New York!My main issue with this hotel is the housekeeping. One day the towels were not replaced, and it took several calls to get them. Another day coffee cups weren't replaced. Another day bins were emptied but no replacement bin liners put in.Maybe if the staff spent less time joking about in the lifts together then these things would not be forgotten??Reception staff were very friendly and helpful though. Overall we were happy, but the room was free (reward points), at $400 a night I may not have been so impressed?	
Sep 24 2008 	You'll need PATIENCE and EAR PLUGS!	Ok, so its one of the newer hotels for IHG in New York, still struggling to find its footing. However, the people that put this hotel together were obviously in a rush to make a buck. There were 2 big issues during our stay, the first being the NOISE and the second being the LIFTS.The noise issue is not only the normal external sounds you associate with New York, such as the rubbish truck that comes calling at 12am, the bottle collectors that come at about 3am and then the tour buses that sit outside the hotel idling from 6am - we would have thought double glazing was a minimum standard here. But the biggest issue is the inside noise of other guests and of the doors closing in neighbouring rooms. There are 10 rooms on a floor, and every time someone opens or closes their room door you will hear it, everytime someone is waiting for a lift (all the time, more on that later) and talking - you will hear it, and everytime the maids start yelling in the corridors you will hear it. So bring ear plugs, you'll need them. It wasn't like we were in the hotel room a lot, but when you are - you will wish you weren't.The other big issue is the lifts. The hotel has 25 floors with roughly 10 tiny rooms on each floor, so you can imagine how long you will wait for a lift to get up and down! A high floor will be good for less noise, but you will sacrafice time waiting for a lift. There also appears to be no staff lift, so often staff will clog the lift's use using it to go up a few floors, the maids getting to their floors in the morning, calling a lift then deciding to take the stairs and so on. Plus if a Porter needs to use it with a trolley, it will take up half of the lift leaving room for only another 3 or 4 people. It really is frustrating. As a result many people resort to having to use the stairs, but you can't get to the lobby level by stairs you have to go to the basement or to the outside fire exit., oh and watch out for all the floor's rubbish that the maids have put in the stairwells as well waiting for collection. The hotel also really struggles to handle groups, as the group all arrives at once, as the lobby is so small there is no where for them to wait, then they all cram into lifts, the lobby is full of luggage, and so on - just not group friendly.Staff didn't really interact as well, generally not friendly or helpful, no apologies for a few things they stuffed up - just no attitude of caring.Overall very disappointing. Won't return. Tiny, tiny rooms - be very aware.	
Sep 23 2008 	Close to Penn Station - Great stay friendly staff	Was going to NYC to catch some local bands over 2 nights, so wanted to stay one night vs 3 hr trip home and back...or train to NJ and back. Found the Holiday Inn at 6th Ave had a low rate for reward nights, and positive reviews, so booked it.On arriving Thursday, it was a quick walk from Penn Station to the Holiday Inn, about 6 blocks. The front desk had 3 people working and I was helped right away. Check-in was maybe 2 minutes!The room is on the smaller side, but not too crowded to me. All new furniture, fixtures, flat screen tv. The room was very clean, as was all of the hotel that I saw. I like the location, kind of midway between where I visit in midtown and lower east/west side. If you have a little time and energy, an easy walk to Times Square or midtown. Easy cab ride, or long walk, to lower east side.They do have a business center in the basement, with 2 computers, that you can use for free. Easy to access and check email. Staff was friendly and accomadating. I was also able to leave my bag there thru the day and pick it up before I left Fri night. All at no charge.I'll definately check here again for future trips to NYC!	
Sep 23 2008 	Echo 2travelers	Nice hotel, updated rooms thought small, ours had a decent view of the Empire State. Only two lifts (elevators!) so very busy, could take 10 minutes toget down. Nice staff, quick and efficient check in and out. Quiter area, need to walk to busier areas, but like all NYC safe.	
Sep 15 2008 	Holiday Inn is OK for some but maybe not all	We booked two nights (Fri &amp; Sat) for a weekend in NYC. We used a &quot;discount&quot; hotel site and to be honest, even the so-called discounted price seemed a bit steep for a property of this type in this location. The big pluses: hotel is brand new as of June 08 so everything is still fresh and clean. The staff we interacted with were efficient and friendly. Did not eat in the hotel restaurant; can't comment. The building itself is small - only ten rooms per floor! The room we had with one king bed was well appointed with large flat screen TV (hundreds of channels) and a coffee maker. But it was small, with a VERY tiny closet and just a few drawers for clothes. Naturally, since we paid a &quot;discount&quot; we were stuck in a room right by a very loud air intake vent in the hallway - sounded like an airplane engine even with the door closed. We are sound sleepers so it wasn't an issue for us but it might be for many. The bathroom was very small but it was new and clean. Lots of towels. Complimentary items were limited to a bar of soap, small shampoo and small lotion (no shower cap or hair conditioner). The room was just fine for two people for a weekend but it could be an issue for longer periods of time. We were also on one of the first few floors so we used the stairs going down - it was a real time saver. The elevators were very busy and we did hear others complaining about how long it took for them to get to and from their rooms. I would not recommend this hotel for tourists unfamiliar with NYC. The location is not that great unless you are confident using the subway and/or can walk comfortably for several blocks to get to restaurants. The Chelsea area is really nice and is off the beaten track but it doesn't have a lot of touristy things to do. The front desk staff are good at checking people in and out but limited with their advice for what to do in the area and how to get around. Had to interject at one point because they were advising an elderly, somewhat frail-looking foreign couple to take the subway somewhere instead of a cab. The subway was on a goofed up schedule due to track maintenance (very common) and it would have entailed transferring lines. Thankfully they decided to take a cab and I'm sure they arrived at their destination fine. Overall, this is a good location if you are an intrepid traveler, familiar with NYC or staying for a brief visit. Otherwise, you may want to consider another location closer to more familiar sights.	
Sep 10 2008 	Great new hotel nice little location - getting over any teething problems	I stayed here for 7 nights on a mixture of business and travel. Overall, I would say it was a good experience.Plus points: I really liked not being up in the hustle and bustle with all the tourist hoards, this is nearer Chelsea and the Garment district. I also found the free business centre a plus and the staff really helpful at all times. Going back to the location, you're close to the Fashion Museum/College so handy for that, there's a CVS down the street, Whole Foods a few blocks and various other stores around. Easily walkable to the Square Garden and 34th St shops like Macys. Negatives: I might have been something to do with the hotel being relatively newly opened but on occasion there were some issues with the lifts being operational (altho only 1 out of action at a time) so sometimes it was painfully slow waiting for the lift. I was on the 22nd floor, so after a long day didn't really fancy the walk!Rooms: I had just the one bed, it was perfectly comfortable, choice of pillows. Flatscreen, two phones, tiny wardrobe and some drawers. Bathroom fairly compact, shower only though which suited me. There are only 10 room rooms on each floor I think and altthough you could hear noise from doors closing I couldn't really hear the people around me. I had a high floor room at the back of the building. Now, I'm not sure where it's an upgraded room type but I had a great view across to the Empire State Building, so it might be worth asking as decent veiws can be hard to come by in NYC hotels. I did have room service, which was adequate and came in good time - but didn't try the restaurant. Overall, I would stay here again as it was in a good location and a budget hotel.	
Sep 2 2008 	very modern new hotel with great location	Stayed here for 5 nights. Had a room 1907 which was a corner room with 2 double beds. There was 2 adults and 1 child in the room. THe beds were very comfortable with luxurious bed linen and a choice of soft or hard pillows. It was a regular size for NYC, the two beds in the room, a desk, a small closet with iron and board. You had to clean up after you as it was easy for the room to seem like it was a tip due to the size.There was a flat screen tv, air conditioning which was lovely as the weather outside was in the 90's. Our room looked south and you could see other buildings. However, some of the rooms did overlook the Empire State building. The hotel is 26th st and 6th ave end. It was 5 mins walk to Penn Station and the nearest subway was 7th ave and 28th st. or broadway and 28th st. There were plenty of deli's nearby so dont worry about the lack of mini bar in the room. There were also ice machines and vending machines on 3 separate floors These had soda, water(2usd) and crisps and sweets. There was also an Olive Garden and McDonalds and Starbucks on 6th Ave. All within 5 mins walk. There was also a nice bar called Rogue where you could sit outside on 6th Ave. This had a nice seating area outside. There was also a bar next door to the hotel that looked nice.The bathroom had a small bath with adequate shower and small sink with hairdryer and basic toiletries. The towels were fluffy and replaced when required. The maids need to look at the rear of the bed though as we found a pair of mans underpants (yes a bit disgusting) and a mens deodrant. I wouldnt let this put you off though as obviously the staff are very new in the hotel. The staff were friendly and they stored our bags for us and sourced us a taxi with enthusiasm.The reception staff were very friendly and welcoming and tried very hard to keep you happy.The reception was small but hey alls its for is passing through. There was a bar next to reception with comfy sofas and bar stools. They were friendly and offered us lunch or evening menu on the night we ate there. The evening menu was a bit expensive but normal for a hotel in NYC. It was 8usd for a large glass of wine. The food was good and kids ate free and got a free soda. Next to this area was the restaurant which was part of the bar area. I gather this is where breakfast was served.I used my hubbys priority points for the trip and it was only 15000 a night this is very good for NYC as normally you would need 25000-40000 per night.There were no safes in the room. However, there were free safety deposit boxes at reception. If you lose the key they charge you 350usd.On the basement level there was a small gym area and a business centre. There were 2 computers with free internet. This closed at midnight. There was also free wifi in the hotel room if you had your laptop.Would I stay here again. It would have to be a yes. I would only pay 250 a night max though as i think there is other NYC hotels that have slightly larger rooms,.	
Aug 30 2008	Serviceable Hotel with the Basics	Currently staying at this Hotel over Labor day weekend. The hotel front desk staff is very accomodating. The Lobby is very small, the elevators are small, the hallways are small. I can see when they built this hotel from the ground up space saving was a big priority. The hotel was built from the ground up, and finished three months ago. ( June 2008)The rooms are very small, and of course the bathrooms are tiny. The shower has almost no pressure, do to watering saving device. The &quot; SInk&quot; is a Joke. Its the smallest sink I ever saw. Furnishing are nice, bed is good. When you put your clothes in the armoire it is so tiny, you cannot close the door property. There is a very nice flat panel LG TV in the room. Overall the room is in good shape, and very clean. Bed Linens are upgraded, and the carpet in the room is nice. Very Modern, and updated room. The doors are very thin, and you can hear everything going on outside in the hallways. If you are traveling alone, then the space issues are not too bad. A couple will be cramped. Three Forget it! The hotel rooms are very close to each other, so you can hear the opening and closing each time someone comes in or out. There is no closet in the room. Bottom line is that if you can stay here for $200 or under I would take it. Anything over $200 I would look elsewhere. I would rate this a 3.5 star property, only because of the small area in the rooms. The property is well located, and close to train stops.	
Aug 26 2008 	Nice but small	I stayed here during the NY Gift Show this season. MUCH better than the Mildew Plaza. The hotel is modern, nicely appointed, and the staff is doing a good job. I took a cab from GCS and the cabbie didn't know where the hotel is. It's half way between 6th &amp; 7th on 26th St. There's an ATM right out the door and to the left (credit union). Plenty of convenience/drug stores around the block (CVS, Duane Reade) should you need them. Normallly on business trips I like to stock up on bottled water, fruit and yogurt at these places and keep the items in the minibar fridge. Well, there is no minibar at this hotel so there went that plan. Reception: Is a tiny desk on the right as you enter. Maybe 2 people can fit behind there. This is a tall skinny hotel. 10 rooms on each floor. Elevators like molasses. Expect to wait 5 min for your ride up or down. Room: I had room 1705 and it was small but nice. Clean, modern. The bed actually had a plastic mattress pad on it for some reason. Hell, I was happy that the hotel is new and there were less chance of bedbugs! (There were none) Matress was comfy. Pillows comfy but small. Wireless internet worked fine and is free. You could even order room service from it. TV was nice and large LCD on the dresser. Small closet with ironing board &amp; iron. Cable box was almost like being home. My one problem was the phone. It didn't work. I went down to reception to report it upon checking in. I was told someone would come fix it while I was out. No one did. I figured the next day it would be fixed while I was at work. Nope! 3 days later I went back down and complained. They sent someone to look at it. After 5 min of checking both extensions repeatedly, he realized it was plugged into the wrong jack somehow. So it finally worked. Bathroom: Tiny! They provided plenty of fluffy towels, a shampoo/conditioner all-in-one, a lotion, and a bar of facial soap. 3 days into my stay a bar of bath soap showed up, but I don't use it as I bring my own bodywash. But found it odd that they waited 3 days to give me bath soap. LOL Was having a mini spat with the maid who kept putting the waste basket on the left of the sink against the wall. As a rightie, I kept wanting to throw stuff out on the right (between sink &amp; toilet) and kept moving it there, she kept moving it back the next day. Oh well. Nice water pressure and temperature in shower/tub. Kinda awkward opening the door with the bath mat down because it is so small in the bathroom. Restaurant &amp; Louge: Both nice. Had breakfast in the restaurant the first morning. Waited quite a while to be served once we ordered and it wasn't early (8:30 am).Food was tasty, though. Prices a little high. Louge was loungy and dark but nice if small. Never got a chance to see the gym. Taxis were waiting outside each morning so that was very convenient and even if they weren't the 1 subway line stops 2 blocks away on 28th and 7th. Convenient, clean, and nice. Recommend.	
Aug 21 2008 	Excellent Stay ;o)	Excellent hotel! We stayed 2 nights and from the moment we checked in, could not find anything negative. The location is a great central location, with the subway only a couple of blocks away. The staff was outstanding, very friendly and accommodating. Every staff member we talked to was helpful and very pleasant, not your typical NY attitude. The management has done a great job in ensuring the best customer service atmosphere. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 17 2008 	Pleasant hotel stay	I stayed here for two nights and was very satisfied, on the whole. The view wasn't great, but the room was clean, air conditioned and nicely furnished, with a huge, fantastically comfortable bed that was so high, it was all i could do to climb into it! I would have loved the flat screen TV, but mine was faulty and only picked up a few of the many channels that should have been available. I phoned the main desk and assistance was given, but the problem was not resolved - (disappointed not to have been offered a refund of some of my money). Also a problem with a blocked toilet - quickly resolved. Liked the coffee maker and complimentary daily newspaper, also availability of ironing board and nearby ice machine. The hotel staff were very welcoming and pleasant and I had a two great, undisturbed nights' sleep. Didn't try the food at the hotel, but the bar area looked nice. A number of decent places to eat very close by.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great Experience	We were looking for a convenient hotel, near MSG, and this one fit the bill. I did use Priority Club points for it, but the hotel was well worth paying for! Very clean, small rooms, but the beds were great. High beds, great pillows and bedding and a good night's sleep. Bathroom is small, hard to shut the door while you're in there. The TV didn't work, but I think the cable was out and who's in NYC to watch TV anyway? The valet parking that was mentioned on the booking site was non-existent. Had to drive my car to a garage up the street. I was planning on a valet and there was none. That was the only bummer of the trip. Ate at the on-site restaurant for breakfast, the staff was very attentive and the food was good. The desk clerk was great when we checked in, gave us a map of the subway and advised us how to get to the subway we wanted. He was very pleasant. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 8 2008 	Great location!	Great Location... Close to subway, Madison Square Garden, Penn Station, Empire State Building....Small rooms, which is typical for NY. We were there for 4 nights. The first room we had was a top floor, corner room, no much room to put suitcases anywhere....1 night at 1 am, the smoke alarm kept going off, called the front desk 3 times over 40 min before someone finally came and put in a new battery!Lost water for over 8 hours in entire hotel......they did take money off for that night w/o our asking. We had noticed on the side of the bed the rug by the wall was damp, was really damp by 2nd night, figured out that the ceiling in the bathroom was leaking....requested to be moved. We had to pack our bags and leave at the front desk, no rooms were ready at the time. Room was ready when we got back from our outings for part of the day. 2nd room was even smaller! Could not open door to room all the way due to luggage......even worse situation for luggage than 1st room. I will say hotel seemed clean, front desk person we dealt with for most of our stay was very nice and helpful....Food at the restaurant was good. Not sure that I'd stay here again tho...got a great rate at the time.	
Aug 4 2008 	Perfectly fine nothing fancy	I stayed at the Holiday Inn 6th Avenue for two nights on a business trip to NYC. The hotel is an older building (not brand spanking new as the picture online would indicate), but it has been completely redone. The elevators are very slow, but that was about the worst of it. The rooms are small, but very well kept. Bed was comfortable, and I liked that they offered you a choice of firm or soft pillows in the room. The bathroom was very clean, if small. No bathtub here, but an excellent shower. This was no big deal for me, but I can see that some people might want a tub. The front desk staff were uniformly polite and professional. They held me bags for me for several hours after checkout without any problem, and everything was just as I left it when I returned. There is a restaurant and a bar, but I did not partake of either, so I cannot comment. Room service menu was (as expected) very pricey with limited choices. There are plenty of restaurants and bars within a short walk of the hotel, so I would recommend venturing out a little rather than eating at the hotel. Overall, I enjoyed the stay and would have no problem staying there again.	
Jul 29 2008 	Perfect Stay!	Upon arrival in New York, discovered we could not stay in small studio apt. with relative and needed a hotel. We got on internet for possiblities and found this Holiday Inn had a vacancy. What a stroke of luck for us. The accomodations could not have been better. The staff was so friendly and helpful with any request. Our room was perfect, a/c worked wonderfully, service was excellent, and I will only stay at this hotel if and when I return to New York. Highly recommend this hotel to all.	
Jul 27 2008 	Highly Recommend the Holiday Inn	We booked this hotel last minute...like right when we landed in NYC and decided to get a hotel rather than crowd my step sister in her studio apt. I googled something close to her and we ended up in this affordable gem...not luxury, but has everything you would want if you like to travel on a budget but have champagne taste. What I liked:Friendly staff; clean room, lobby, and sitting area with small bar for a cocktail when you are exhausted from touring the city; good location with starbucks and train station around the corner; flat screen t.v; comfy pillows; coffee pot in room (bring your own coffee, theirs was kind of yucky or go to starbucks around the corner); Martha Stewart films just one block away; great central location for sightseeing....What else could you ask for? The rooms were small, very small, but for the 220.00 a night rate in Manhattan I was not complaining one bit! I was traveling with my mom for a fun weekend getaway and would definitely stay there again with my husband or with friends.	
Jul 17 2008 	comfortable stay in a great location	I recently spent two nights at the Holiday Inn Manhattan. The hotel is a brand new high rise actually located on W. 26th Street near 6th Avenue. Overall we had an excellent experience. The king room was small, but serviceable, with a great bed and nice flat screen TV. The bathroom was tiny, but full equipped. The staff was friendly, and seemed to be anxious to help foreign visitors and NYC first timers.The location is fabulous. Chelsea is close to theaters, has great restaurants, the food market and lovely tree lined streets.Our only problem was the shower curtain that did not reach the base of the shower stall, and water got to the bathroom floor. But that was a minor fault.	
Jul 17 2008 	upscale holiday inn	Hotel just recently opened so everything is new and clean. Was upscale from the typical holiday inn. Rooms were very small, I was wondering why a room with two double beds would only accomodate 3 people and I got my answer, you'd be falling over eachother. I'm cutting hotel some slack since it just opened but there were no and I mean no towel racks in the bathroom, no table or chair, or refrigerator (despite the website claiming there is one in every room) the top of the dresser had the tv on it so there was no room there. No closet just a small wardrobe ontop of which the coffee machine was perched (good for Magic Johnson, bad for those under 6'5&quot;). two small elevators so if you're on a high floor build wait time into your trips. I was on second floor so I took stairs on down trips but you can't do that going back up since stairdoors lead outside. Beds were comfortable. Maid service was soso, made beds and left fresh towels, but looked like bathroom wasn't touched (no empty toilet paper replacement or replacement of toiletries/cups). Desk/Restaurant staff was great, restaurant good. Make sure you park in their assigned lot and get a sticker on the parking ticket when you check out, doing that changed our parking fee for 2 days from $101 to $60. Overall a nice hotel, will be really good when they finish everything	
Jul 16 2008 	Comfortable with a great location	We (family of 4 with two kids 8 and 6) stayed one night on a leisure trip. Hotel is new and fresh. Location is very good for a nice mix of new york life. Three blocks from two subway lines. 7 blocks from Penn station. A few blocks from Chelsea and some eclectic neighborhoods. Even some interesting restaurants and clubs on same block as hotel. Overall the hotel is new and the staff very helpful and friendly. Rooms are small per other New York rooms we've had but still comfortable. We'd definitely like to stay here again.	
Jul 15 2008 	Perfect location	New hotel so everything is nice and clean. Staff was very pleasant and helpful. King room was on the small side but not unexpected for NY. The central location was definitely a bonus. It's perfect for tourists and business guests. Anyone needing to be pampered should look elsewhere. Only minus - the elevators can be slow (very minor issue). Would absolutely stay here again!	
Jul 15 2008 	Great Stay!	We stayed one night at the Holiday Inn Manhattan 6th Avenue. As with all hotel rooms in NYC they are a bit on the small side, fitting the king bed, a desk and a small bathroom. The suggested occupancy of the rooms should be heeded...do not try and fit a larger group into these modest size rooms. No roll aways available...they wouldn't fit in our king room anyway! That being said it was nicely appointed with comfortable beds and a big flat screen tv. Free wi-fi was a plus.We did not use the workout facility at the hotel, but it had one treadmill, one exercie bike and an elliptical. All brand new. It is located in the basement of the hotel.Only two elevators for the 25 floors so your wait can be long (around 4 minutes). We had no problems waiting though!The front desk staff was very helpful and friendly. Always willing to help with any question or request. They are very knowledgeable about area restaurants etc.A convenient location with multiple subway stops within 3 blocks. The neighborhood, Chelsea, felt very safe at all times of the day and night.We would stay again if we were in the area. A good price/value ratio! Overall a great stay!	
Jul 15 2008 	Tres bonne situation - chambre minuscule		
Oct 30 2009 	Buono		
Oct 29 2009 	super Hotel		
Oct 7 2009 	posizione comoda camere molto piccole ma graziose		
Aug 27 2009 	superbe et très bien situé		
Aug 19 2009 	Hôtel rénové fin 2008 bien situé à prix raisonnable		
Jul 13 2009 	Klein aber gut		
May 2 2009	Super Standort gutes Hotel		
Dec 19 2008 	Che gentili all'Holiday Inn		
Dec 12 2008 	Nuovo e in posizione comoda		
Nov 16 2008 	Bien situé propre et pas chère		
