	It's a place to sleep between activities	•Clean•Good Location for parade &amp; museum, local food 24x7•Close enough to Subway lines•Good mattress•Desk helpful and responsive•Toilet so close to walls on both sides, that …&lt;censored&gt;… (couldn’t use)•Wind loudly whistling through the closed/locked window one night•No window screen to allow room to cool down w/o risking bird entry•Bed too short – need queen sizes, but room too small•Nobody at desk for a time one morning	
Nov 26 2009 	Nice quiet and very good located	The Hotel is located in a very nice and also quiet district. By foot you will take like 5 minutes to the Central Park and maybe 10-15 minutes to the Time Square. Of course you also have a Subway Station close to the Hotel. The Hotel was clean and the employees were very friendly and helpful! Our private bathroom was small but clean. The only negativ aspect was in our first night, because we had a hotel room with a &quot;connecting door&quot; and we could hear every singel word from our neighbours which had a baby. But it was no problem to get an other (quiet) room for the rest of our stay!	
Nov 17 2009 	Park 79 is an excellent place to stay in NYC	We go to NYC once a year and after several years have stayed in many hotels, everything from the Paramount to the Waldorf. Park 79 was a great place for us because our room was large (6th floor), quiet, handy to the upper Westside, great service, and an easy hotel to get in and out of. It is all a matter of taste, but I like hotels without small lobbies. Granted it had a small bathroom but the flat dresser and desk spaces made up for that. Best of all, nothing went wrong. No lack of hot water (Waldorf) lack of space (Paramount and Muse) not a chain (Hilton and Doubletree) and no smoke odors (Wellington). It is an old building, formerly a house, so if your style is sleek and modern, you will not like it.Best of all, the price was reasonable, and the neighborhood was great. Transportation is easy.	
Nov 12 2009	Tiny tidy nothing marvellous!	I stayed at the Park 79 as it seemed very nice on the write up and photos. A bit misleading but the staff and the tidiness and wonderful little bathroom made up for it.As a first visit to NYC it was hard to book a hotel so far away on the internet, but all was exactly right when i arrived and check in was a breeze. The rooms were miniature compared to what i've stayed in here in South Africa but as i got to seeing, they're actually not too bad for NYC standard. The only problem was that they're paper thin and if i understood spanish i could have had a great conversation through the wall to the next room. I really enjoyed the location as it was a couple of blocks to the subway and close to Broadway where you can walk for miles with shopping all the way down to the Statue of Liberty...The bathroom was nicely done and always cleaned very well. The bed was comfortable. The internet access brilliant. The check out guy was very helpful and offered to keep our luggage for us until our cab arrived to pick us up, which afforded us a couple more hours to do last minute shopping.Overall pretty good.	
Nov 5 2009 	You get what you pay for...	Good location, if you're an Upper West Side person. (Personally, I prefer Greenwich Village, but the Larchmont was sold out, and the Washington Square has gone up in price.) So...the first room we were put in was not only claustrophobically cramped, it was also dirty. I have stayed all over the world, in some sketchy places, and I'm no princess. I have never before complained about a room's cleanliness, Sorry, but when I touch the floor of the shower and my hand gets dirty, I am not happy.BUT...at least they were accommodating. They immediately moved us to a better room. The beds are comfortable. The woman at the desk in the morning is a doll.The guy at the desk at night is strange.Easy to get to from Subway.Wonderfully close to Central Park and Zabars.From the outside (and from the photos on the website), the place looks a lot more charming than it is. Nevertheless...Would I stay there again, even after all my beeyotching? I would. It's NYC, and it's a good deal. But I'd be sure to request a room on one of the lower floors (the place seems to be less well-cared for on the higher floors), and I will definitely check the room carefully before unpacking my bags!	
Oct 25 2009 	Great neighborhood good value	We stayed a weekend in high season last summer and were very happy. Sure it was a small room, tiny bathroom but it was very clean. The location is ideal, close to Central Park and subway stations. Service was what you would expect from a hotel in this price category.Would recommend it if you're not planning on spending much more than the sleeping hours in the room.	
Oct 25 2009 	very good and very reasonable	i have just come back from NY, this was my first visit, the park 79 is very well priced and in an excellent location, (it is mad busy in the centre of Manhatten) there are lots of good priced eateries walking distance and the park is just two minutes away, as is the subway, which is very cheap. The room although quite small, was spotless and cleaned every day, fresh towels daily and the staff were really helpful.I would stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 25 2009 	Very good hotel for NYC	I only stayed two nights in NYC and this hotel was perfect for me. Most other hotels were priced around $300 and up for the time frame I was there. Park79 was only $129 plus tax for the budget room. The location could not have been better, I went to the Lincoln Center twice, walked both times. Many good places to eat and shop. The room was small (keep in mind, New York City) but it was very clean and quiet. The bed was very comfy and the a/c was great. Being a &quot;budget room&quot; it had a shared bathroom located a few steps away in the hall. (not a big deal to the seasoned traveler) It was only sheared with one other room and this was never a problem. The bath room was a nice size and kept clean. The front desk staff was very helpful and when I asked about cab fare back to EWR they told me to hire a car instead of a cab. A taxi would be around $40 to $60, and the cab has a running meter and a livered car for hire has a set price no matter what. So I got a private town car to the airport for $40 plus tip. I would be happy to stay at Park79 again.	
Sep 22 2009 	Misleading information and Overpriced	I had heard good reviews for this hotel (inexpensive, clean, good location) so I made a reservation for 79 Hotel over the phone. I asked for a standard budget room for two nights. They told me the rate, and I asked if that was the total price, with tax, and the person on the phone said yes. I told them I would give them my email address for confirmation, but the person on the phone said it wasn't necessary as the confirmation number was enough. My boyfriend and I got to the hotel after an 8 hour drive and we were told that the price we had to pay was more than double what I was initially told. The person at the reception desk was very unwilling to help clear up the misunderstanding and told us we could leave if we didn't want to pay. We ended up staying that night in an overpriced tiny room which wasn't even the room I had booked. The location was great, the room was clean, but our weekend in NYC was cut short due to misleading information both on the website and over the phone and unhelpful staff. Next time I book a hotel over the phone I'll be sure to demand email confirmation.	
Sep 21 2009 	Good thing	Better value for money many other hotels. It is newly restaured, modern, clean and there is tea and coffee in the morning in the hall for free. Very friendly and helpfull stuff.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Stay In NYC!	Park 79 is our go-to hotel in NYC almost every visit! You cannot beat the location on the upper west side, and the price is fantastic. The staff is always willing to hold our bags before check-in and after check-out while we spend more time in NYC. This trip was particularly satisfying as we were upgraded for free from a private room with a shared bathroom to a room with a private bath. After reading some of the reviews here about Park 79, I would say most of the complaints are from people who are unfamiliar with NYC. NYC is a down and dirty kind of city; no fluff, nothing is hidden, which is exactly what draws most people to it. If you're not the kind of person who can deal with a smaller room in a boutique hotel which may require sharing a bathroom with one other guest room, I recommend you prepare to pay for it. In NYC, for this price, you'll be hard-pressed to find better!	
Aug 24 2009 	Good location but room was like a shoe box!	We stayed at Park 79 for 4 nights to explore the city of New York. The internet photos make one believe the place is a lot swankier than it actually is. Our bedroom and bathroom were tiny. The bedroom was certainly in need of a touch of paint. The hotel is in a good location, extremely close to Central Park and the National History Museum. Other than location this hotel is poor value for money: the rooms are pokey, one particular member of staff was extremely rude towards us and coffee is served in cheap styrofoam cups.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great location great price!	My family just returned from 5 night stay at Park 79. Unlike a previous poster, we confirmed our reservations prior to arrival and had no problems at check in. We arrived 5 hours befoe check-in but the hotel personnel gladly held our luggage for us while we toured NYC until our room was ready. The hotel staff gladly gave recommendations for restaurants, instructions for the subway, and other requested information. Our room, a suite, was very small but for the price, was fine. The room was equipped with two televisions, (one a mounted flat screen in the bedroom), a small refridgerator, small microwave oven, and a private bath. The location of Park 79 couldn't be better. Close to everything yet not in a crowded area like some of the hotels. The only complaints I have are: 1) the elevator is very small and ever so slow! and 2) the cleaning crew kept shorting us on wash cloths so we always had to request some more.All in all, we had a pleasant visit and for the price, would definitely stay at Park 79 again, without hesitation.	
Aug 6 2009 	Avoind this hotel at all costs!	We reserved a room ahead of time online through expedia. Upon arrival, we were told there was an &quot;emergency&quot; and there are no rooms available. We were stuck with no hotel on the street. The front desk people were extremely rude, told us we have a &quot;bad attitude&quot; and didn't help us at all. They also said things like &quot;emergencies happen&quot;, &quot;there is always a first time for everything&quot;, and didn't even bother to apologize. We ended up looking for another hotel on our own. our experience was horrible and this is why we are writing this review. Bottom line: Don't trust this hotel. Keep looking.	
Aug 2 2009 	Does the job - at a reasonable price	I paid $119 / night (plus taxes) for a room with private facilities. Yes, the room was small, but everything was clean and worked: air con., flat screen. Only comment: Shower needed to be run for an age to get some hot water, but it arrived eventually! Great location on Upper West Side, across from the Natural History Museum. You get what you pay for, and this hotel does the job for a very fair price. I would stay here again, no problem. It gets 4 stars --relative to the price I paid.	
Jun 30 2009 	Cheap Clean and Cute!	This Hotel was a fantastic place to stay in NYC. My partner and I stayed here for a week and loved it! The rooms were cleaned each day, no matter what time we left the Hotel. The front desk is super helpful, and even checked us in early because the room was cleaned and ready early. Room was a bit small, but private bath made up for that. The bathroom was T-I-N-Y, but otherwise efficient. Interior is charming, a bit on the old side, but clean, which is all you can ask for in a Hotel at this price in the city.	
Jun 26 2009 	Small but nice!	We stayed in a suite (4 adults) and we all thought it was wonderful. The room was clean and served our needs very well. The staff is super friendly and you can't beat the price. The room was small, but again, you can't beat the price.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Hotel for the Price	I have read through some of these reviews and have to say...yes, the rooms are very small-but it's under $150 in NYC-what do you want at that price? If you want large rooms pay for them. The rooms were CLEAN, the staff was so friendly...we had a late flight and knew we would want to freshen up after our last day of sight-seeing before our flight, not only did they offer us a spot to freshen up, but they gave us a room to use to shower-that is going above and beyond! We are staying there again this July and I can't wait!	
Jun 13 2009 	Excellent value location cleanliness	We really enjoyed our stay here. For Manhattan, this is a real deal. The staff is helpful, the rooms absolutely immaculate, (of course they are not large, as is usually the case in an older NY hotel...but so what?....) and it was also quiet. Renovations of the lobby are planned; hopefully this will not raise the price too much!	
Jun 2 2009 	It's Clean clean clean and excellent location	I needed to stay in NYC for only one night, and I chose Park 79 Hotel because of the value and reviews.Value: Excellent. I chose a room that cost a little bit more because I did not want to share a bathroom. I still only paid $109 for a room in NYC!!! (Two single beds). At the time I booked the shared bathroom rooms were about $79. These are excellent prices for NYC.Cleanliness: This hotel is VERY clean. Hallways, room and especially bathroom - super clean. It is an older building, and because real estate is premium price in NYC the rooms in the older buildings are usually smaller than the newer hotels. But that's part of the charm of NYC. If you expect it, it won't be a problem. We had plenty of room between the beds and the walls. In my room there was even a little area where the closet was. The beds were a little firm, but I had no problem sleeping. My daughter also said she slept well. The rooms are equipped with iron and ironing board, phone, clock, TV (flat screen mounted on the wall), hair dryer., closet. The room air conditioner worked well (although it is - like all of the room air conditioners that fit in the windows - a little noisy - but it didn't bother my sleep). I asked for a quiet room when I booked the hotel, and they gave me one. It was on the 5th floor and it had no view (doesn't bother me any - I'm not sight seeing from my room) and there was NO street noise. Yay! I did not have any problem with people noise either. There was a door that I believe led to the room next door. There was a permanent lock on it and one time I did hear people talking. I could not understand them, but heard them. So I believe, the complaints of the walls being thin is really the noise through the doors. You can see that the walls are thick plaster. Room was decorated nicely, adequate lighting. Food: There are absoutely so many food choices in NYC. We walked up and down Amsterdam Ave in the evening looking for a light snack. There were all options and types of restaurants, bars, delis, etc. My daughter got a slice of pizza - and she was pleased. You can spend any amount of money, there were expensive and resonable places. One of the pubs had a &quot;happy hour&quot; - $2.00 cans of Bud Light. WOW! Couldn't believe the price - especially for NYC. We felt safe in the neighborhood. Convenient too. If you walk a couple blocks to Broadway and 79th, there is a subway. I was able to find a parking spot on the street. I was SOOOO LUCKY to find one. Before 11:30 am, you MUST move your vehicle to the other side of the street or it wil be towed. I did not have to worry becasue we left before then. When I booked the hotel room, I called and they told me there is parking garage available that they give discounts for. The staff was very helpful. I didn't really requre much from them, but they were willing and friendly. I would definitely stay there again.	
May 28 2009 	Magnificent Staff	This hotel is situated on a Quiet street within two blocks walk of two subway stations and close to many bus stops. The front desk staff are all very kind and helpful. The hotel provides free Wifi and morning coffee.The rooms are quite sufficient for the price. They are not attractive or large. They are clean and have all those bath goodies and even a shower cap, ironing board, hair dryer etc. The pillows were a bit lumpy. I will bring my own next time. The room doors are heavy so if a guest is a door slammer this may upset your generally kind nature.	
May 12 2009	Excellent Service and Location beat smaller quircks	Overall, this is a good hotel, which is conveniently located - it is within walking distance of the Lincoln Center, Central Park, Natural History Museum and many good stores and restaurants. What makes it excellent though is the service. We had outstanding help and service from ALL members of the staff with all requests we had. We had a problem with the room, but that was handled quickly and efficiently. Same for smaller requests like a vase for the flowers, advice, etc.On the downside, the building is a bit shabby, and there is only one elevator, so sometimes you have to wait a while. Also the doors/walls are not soundproof, so you can hear a lot, but, frankly, the outstanding service and great location more than make up for these details. Oh yeah, complimentary Internet too! (Though the signal is not always good).If you are in NY for a week or less and you are not looking for posh and luxurious accomodation, I'd recommend Park 79 as a reliable and affordable option.	
Apr 30 2009 	Comfortable	If you want a quiet place to relax, this is it. After a long day at work, I would come back to my cool, comfortable room. Housekeeping kept everything neat. The front desk was very polite and had menus for me to order off of when I felt like staying in for dinner. Central Park is nearby and so are several restaurants.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great little hotel good value for money	The good: location - just off Columbus Avenue, near Central Park and the Museum of Natural History. Really could not fault the service - we arrived near midnight and we were checked in quickly and efficiently. The room was a decent size - it managed to accommodate me, my friend and our suitcases without us tripping over each other or the furniture - and clean, and the shower was excellent. The not so good: there is no breakfast room, but free coffee was available in the reception in the morning and there are great breakfast places in the neighbourhood. The bathroom was really quite small with no hooks for hanging towels or bathrobes. We could hear just about everything that went on in the corridor outside the room, but we were so exhausted from roaming the city that it didn't keep us awake. Overall: I'd say this was a great little hotel, good value for money (we paid $149 for our twin room) and a good uptown location.	
Apr 25 2009 	Terrible way to treat guests	I can't review the actual hotel because when I arrived in mid-afternoon, despite having confirmed reservations months earlier, I was told they had overbooked and there were no rooms available. Then the woman at the front desk had the nerve to tell me it was because of the marathon -- which, by the way, is in November, not April. They found me a room in a dump of a hotel with peeling paint, many blocks from where I wanted to be -- which I took because I was too exhausted to search out vacancies elsewhere. Very poor way to run a business.	
Apr 25 2009 	Okay but noisy!	I stayed at this hotel for 5 days. Like others have said, the rooms are quite tiny! (Especially the bathroom, you can't even sit comfortably on the toilet! But the shower is okay and the interior is amazing, like the tiling) But they are very clean and quite nicely decorated (I had a mirror and a picture of Central Park in mine). Hotel is close to the 79th Str. subway, and the 81th Str. subway, so excellent connections all over Manhattan and close to restaurants, museums and Central Park. The only thing that really annoyed me is the noise. The walls seems to be very thin, which means you can hear everything going on with your neighbours. Two nights were absolutely horrible for me, one night there was a guy who was being very loud in the middle of the night, flushing his toilet all the time and throwing up (and yes, I could hear all of it very clearly!!), then another time a drunk couple came to their room, put on the tv very loud, were being loud themselves and then put music on in the middle of the night. The cleaning staff was pretty loud as well, them shouting to eachother from across the hallway was pretty much what I woke up from every morning. Also, I hung the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign on my door, to get a good rest, yet they called me on the phone to ask if I wanted fresh towels. All in all, it was an okay stay. Most of the staff at the front desk were very friendly and helpful and helped me on my way more than once. (The men were a lot more helpful than the women though, they seemed to be bothered by my questions..) Internet worked really well (got a quite quick connection, even being on the 7th floor) and it being free is definitely a big plus!To put it in short: if you're looking to stay at a great location for an okay price, this the place to be. If you are looking for a quiet, comfortable environment, I would recommend you try another hotel.	
Apr 19 2009 	What a great place to stay	I have traveled with my best friend to NYC almost every year now. We have had wonderful &quot;free&quot; accomodations but this time it didn't work out. So, we booked Park 79 after spending countless hours on the internet. Of course, always sceptical but to our surprise - we were very pleased. We had a room on the first floor which made it extremely convient, we were bumped up to a deluxe room instead of a standard (their idea - not ours) and the room (was small) had everything we needed. Coffee in the morning, great recommendations for restaurants, great location, pretty quiet streets and room, clean room and bathroom, fair price, and what the heck...it is NYC. Overall, I would stay at Park 79 in a heartbeat and I have already recommended it to others. It was a great place to stay.	
Apr 18 2009 	Don't be fooled by the website...	I booked this hotel based on how great it looked on the website - all white and clean, modern with a hint of colonial, and lots of dark wood. In fact it looked so good I was commissioned to review it for a well-known international travel magazine. Well, it was nothing like the website. It was tatty, run down, and altogether rather naff. Add to that claims such as &quot;24 hour tea and coffee&quot; were actually an urn of hot water on a foldaway table in the foyer with some sachets that was put away at 11am meant that all in we felt like we had been duped. Other annoyances include insanely loud cleaning staff (who thumbed on our door and entered without waiting for a reply before 9am), the apathetic staff, a door key that kept breaking and the slowest lift on the planet. I could actually see myself age while I waited. Maybe I'd stay again - it's hard to find mid range hotels in NYC - but I'll avoid it. PS I even wrote to the hotel saying I was going to review it and they didn't write back or indeed acknowledge that a journalist from a high profile mag was reviewing their hotel... Sigh...	
Apr 7 2009 	An OK hotel in a very good location	I stayed at the hotel in March 2009. Due to a change in plans I had 2 separate reservations, one for the first night and another one for the next 2 nights. Despite the first reservation corresponded to another room category, the receptionist quickly worked it out so that I didn't have to switch rooms during my whole stay. The hotel is close to the Natural History Museum, in the Upper West Side and therefore close to Central Park too. It is less than 2 (long) blocks to the subway station that takes you Uptown or Downtown. The location is great, there are many restaurants and stores within walking distance.I was assigned a room on the fourth floor overlooking 79 Street. It was small but not tiny, it had a bigTV set, a sink and the bed was very comfortable. I could hear the noise from the street but it wasn't a problem. Everyday, my room was made up and towels were changed.I had read in the Internet that the bathrooms were shared by 2 rooms only however this is not true. There is quite a large number of rooms per floor, and there are only 2 bathrooms to be shared. To access them you have to use your room key. You can also use the bathrooms on other floors if those on yours are occupied. Most of the times I had to do this because either my room key didn't work or there was someone in the bathrooms on my floor.Cleanliness of the shared bathrooms wasn't great and there was a plunger next to the toilet which I had to use once. The hotel has free wi-fi Internet however I could never connect to it during my whole stay. From the morning till the afternoon, there is complimentary coffee at the reception desk.The staff was very helpful and I would consider staying here again because of the friendly staff and convenient location.	
Mar 19 2009 	Bippidy Boo and Noisy Too	First, allow me to explain the title of my review: we were rooming next-door to an obviously disturbed individual who all night shouted, &quot;Bippidy BOO!&quot; and other treats for the senses including, but not limited to, &quot;Yes it do!&quot; and &quot;Little girl!&quot;, which really spooked us and almost had us packing up to leave at 2 a.m. What was he doing in his room all night on a Friday and a Saturday?The good first: the location is dynamite! You step outside into a lovely residential neighborhood full of great stuff to see and do, and a plethora of great places to eat.Also notable, is the doorman at Park 79, and very helpful and courteous young man named Julio. Now for the negative: If you are used to staying in youth hostels you will be right at home here. The pictures on the website are quite deceiving. The hotel must have spent its money on their outside facade as the inside is in need of a major overhaul. On our floor, for example, the once beautiful inlaid wood floors were torn up in some spots. Our &quot;deluxe&quot; room was so small we had to straddle a column in the bathroom while on the toilet or getting into the small tub. The bed was comfortable, however very firm and the headboard flimsy. There was too much furniture in the small room, too, making it very tight. All in all, it seemed as though it was a closet converted into a room.The worst thing for us was the noise factor. This place rocked and rolled all night long...aside from &quot;Bippidy Boo&quot; next-door, we were privvy to other guests' toilet flushing marathons and shower-taking. Yes, all night long. I wondered if there was any insulation in the walls as every pipe in the establishment seemed to drain, rattle, and clank in our ears.We will not be returning to this hotel. Bippidy Boppidy BYE-BYE!	
Mar 12 2009 	Spoilt for choice with bars and restaurants	Just returned from a fab stay at Park 79. Was pleased with reviews prior to us going and found the room we were allocated (room 112 on ground level) to be clean, warm and comfortable with lots of hot water and a large LCD tv on the wall. To be fair though, we had the tv on about 20 minutes during our 6 day stay as we were busy seeing the sights and shopping..blah blah blah! Upon check-in, we got a shock as we thought we had paid with our credit card prior to us arriving, so when we were asked for full payment it came as a shock, thinking we were being billed twice. However, upon checking our online banking, they hadn’t taken a penny until we arrived, so our mistake!Remember, at this hotel there are no tea or coffee making facilities in the room, and all that is on offer is a tea and coffee urn in reception in the morning to perk you up. We were recommended to have breakfast at The Shining Star restaurant/café which is open 24 hours just around the corner on Amsterdam avenue. We found it to be a little expensive, and found somewhere more to our liking near Colombus Circle called Lenny’s (bear in mind though it’s a 5 minute ride on the Subway though). At The Shining Star café, avoid the ‘Irish sausages’ which can be ordered for breakfast, they’re disgusting and taste like nothing we’ve ever tasted before!Also within a 5 minute walk of the hotel are several bars that do special offers on beers. On of them is called ‘Bourbon street’, but be careful as they add a sneaky ‘cover charge’ of about $4 per round of drinks. Whereas, across the road still on Amsterdam avenue but a further 2 minute walk is ‘The Gin Mill’ bar where they do a draught beer for $1 on Monday nights with no cover charge. On the same side is a small poky looking place called ‘Brother Jimmy’s’. The food is absolutely spot on and they serve mainly American fayre, fried stuff, but the ribs are to die for, especially the ‘Northern style’ ones. Prices are quite reasonable and you’ll get a nice cold beer here too, so don’t judge a book by its cover as its nice inside once you get through the door.There is an Indian restaurant called Swagat where the food isn’t too bad either. Whatever dish you order, it seems to be laced with copious amounts of garlic so beware. The beers/wines are very expensive here so beware.I got talking to a homeless guy called Jim who sits outside the church on Broadway with its junction with 79th street who is extremely approachable to chat with. Not once did he ask me for money whatsoever and he said he was about to be housed shortly. If you’re passing, say hello to him and mention Graham and Tracey from England were asking about him!We visited the Empire States building in the evening (dusk to nightfall) and is a better experience than during the daytime, so consider which time to go.We also found an Irish pub where again the food was superb near Times Square called O’Lunneys.Drop us a line if you need to know anything else..Graham and Tracey, Oldham, UK	
Mar 9 2009 	Great value snooty service	The location and price of the hotel make it worth the stay but as far as the staff goes, the women were very short and rude. They also acted like it troubled them to answer the front desk calls. Also on another note each room does NOT include a bathroom. Each floor has about twenty rooms, and each floor has 2 bathrooms accessible and A and a B bathroom to which each guest has to exit the privacy of their own room walk down the hall to the community restroom. It is very annoying especially when your in need of one and they are both full and you have to travel to a seperate floor just to use the facilities.	
Mar 1 2009 	Good Basic Hotel	I booked one night at the Park 79 to extend a business trip at a rate cheaper than the hotel I spent the rest of the trip in. The room was small, but modern and clean. Since I really just needed the room for an extra night to sleep, the small size was fine. The bed was comfortable and I enjoyed the down comforter. The hotel itself was quiet (no hallway noise), but my window looked out onto their flag pole (room 201), which rattled most of the night in the wind. Since I am a heavy sleeper it wasn't an issue, but I could see someone having a restless night as a result of this.My private bathroom was small but gorgeous (marble tile). A large person would have had a hard time sitting down on the toilet in the narrow space. The room was also hot, but once I found the knob and turned off the steam heat I was fine.For $89 a night, this was definitely a good hotel. The $205 a night hotel down the street that I spent the rest of my trip in was much nicer and larger, but it was also more than twice the price.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great price; Good staff	The Park 79 offered a great price for a recent weekend stay in NYC. Although small, the room and bathroom was updated, clean and very serviceable. The staff were friendly and helpful -- highly recommended for an economical stay!	
Feb 26 2009 	Basic impeccably clean outstanding location	We were in a suite, which consisted of a very small bedroom with an extremely comfortable double bed, and a separate living room with a foldout bed. There was a small microwave and refrigerator. The bathroom was tiny and hard to maneuver in. However, everything was spotless--our major criterion. The building is very old; our bedroom was heated by steam pipes that produced loud knocking sounds the first night. We didn't hear anything the second night, but that could be because we slept well. There was a tiny, slow elevator that took forever to arrive, so we ended up mostly taking the stairs This is a very basic place, staffed by business-like front desk people who were pleasant enough. Parking at a garage on W. 83 St. was only $30 a night if you had the hotel stamp your ticket--a bargain in NYC. Location can't be beat, close to everything you'd ever need on the Upper West Side--Natural History Museum, several subway lines, Central Park, scores of restaurants, great shopping, you name it.	
Feb 26 2009 	Hot and Noisy but Staff was Quick to Fix	Ok, so we checked in Saturday at 3:00 pm, had booked two twin beds in one room, but they gave us two rooms because the room with the two single beds wasn't available! So we took the two rooms. One was a twin with no bathroom, the other a double with a bathroom - Room 508. My friend and I said the double was fine, we didn't need the two rooms. However, the temperature had to be in the 80's, very noisy, doors slamming, people talking, laughing at 4 am...you could hear it all! Thank goodness there was a window, but even opened fully, it didn't cool things off, and it was about 35 degrees outside. In the morning, I requested any other room that could accomodate two that was quiet and NOT HOT! They put us in 511...perfect...AND at my request, they turned off the heating unit in the room. The bed was just so-so (rather thin mattress), but we slept better than the first night. All in all, the desk staff was accomodating, but not overly smiley or friendly. For the price - $100 bucks a night - it was worth the stay, and the location is great. We lucked out and found a parking spot on the street for the weekend, so parking was free!	
Feb 26 2009 	Great value - friendliest staff	On my second trip to NYC, I wanted to find a hotel that was more inexpensive than the one I had stayed in previously so I found Park 79 online. I was leery about choosing a room that didn't have a private bathroom but decided to go for it. I was pleasantly surprised when I got to my room. The set up of the floor was so that it seemed very private; there were two bathrooms shared per floor and I never came across a time when both were occupied. The room did have its own sink for quick washups. I stayed there 8 nights. The building is older as are most in Manhattan but it was well kept up and very clean. Worst thing I could say is that the floors were squeaky. The rooms were very tiny but adequate - I wasn't there to hang around the room. The front desk staff and doormen were very helpful and courteous, especially compared to the other 5 hotels I have used in NYC. Location was a nice, quiet area, close to Central Park and Museums although a little far from where I spent most of my time in the Times Square area. If only it was a little closer in, it would have been perfect. I also wish they had vending machines or something in there because when you get the munchies in the middle of the night, there is nowhere to go and there's no coffee facilities in the room even. All in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and I have done.	
Jan 20 2009	Great value great location	Park 79 was an excellent hotel which served our needs perfectly. It is in a great location, and a truly great value. Our room was very clean, with a comfortable bed, a nice flat screen TV and a good shower. Most imortantly, the hotel was quiet! The staff was also very friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great value	My husband, daughters (ages 17 &amp; 20), and I stayed in two rooms at the Park 79 in August 2008. This was our first vacation in NYC and I was concerned about how much we would have to pay for decent accomodations. In the end we stayed at Park 79 by trading two timeshare weeks through RCI. It absolutely met our needs. The rooms were small but clean and at the end of a hall so they were quiet. The coffee service in the morning was nice and we got to sitting on the outside steps watching the city wake up. The location of the hotel was in easy walking distance of several of the different subway lines also many local restaurants. As we were in town on vacation, we spent most of the day away from the hotel. We had no trouble with the internet service. The staff were helpful although on our last day I requested a minivan taxi to take us and our luggage to the airport. Price ended up being twice what I expected.	
Jan 6 2009	Great location	Excellent location. Room had a pullout sofa and seperate bedroom. Room was very clean. Nothing fancy but clean and comfortable. How much time do you actually spend in your room?Hotel offered coffee, tea and hot chocolate in lobby during AM hours. Staff was friendly and helpful. Will come back again and recommend hotel to those who want a great location and clean, comfortable basic room.	
Dec 21 2008 	Friendly staff tiny rooms!	My boyfriend and I stayed at Park 79 for three nights in December 2008. We were staying with friends but checked into a hotel last minute because I was ill - Park 79 was the cheapest last minute option in the Upper West Side!The standard double room was absolutely tiny, but this is the norm in New York so we weren't that surprised. It would have been too cramped for a longer stay, but we just about managed with 2 of us in the room. There was no wardrobe or chest of drawers which was a shame (just a railing with hangers) but there was a table and bedside cabinet. The bathroom was also very small (unusable for anything like drying yourself!), but the shower was very good.The staff were helpful and friendly and knew the area well. One night the hotel had no heating or hot water, but got some money off our bill without any trouble. The location of the hotel was fantastic, close to the 79th St Subway and within walking distance of midtown. I really recommend the Upper West Side!There was free tea and coffee that was advertised as being from 7am-11am, but was actually there most of the day and evening.OK hotel but nothing special, suitable for short stays but if you're staying for a week or more, I'd recommend spending more money for more space.	
Dec 20 2008 	great location	Just come back from a 4 day stay in this hotel. The hotel location is excellent, few minutes walk from the nearest subway and lots of restaurants within walking distance. We had a twin room which was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. The room was small but adequate, with every amenity you could wish for, including ironing board and iron. Was a bit disappointed on arrival as the public areas are very shabby, however the rooms themselves were not at all. Would stay here again, mainly because of the price, we paid around £650 for 4 nights in a twin room which is quite cheap for New York. Upon arrival we were put in two separate rooms as there was a problem with the plumbing, these 2 rooms were at the front of the hotel and were very very noisy. However, when our twin room was available the next night we asked to be put in a quiet room and this proved to be much better.	
Dec 12 2008 	Would not stay again	I had to book a last minute business trip to NYC for a multiple night stay. This hotel had availability. I was skepticle because of the price - it was less than $200 on the upper east side. The photos looked ok, plus I was desperate not to spend $400 a night so I took a shot. The pros - obviously cost. Location, although of no value to me on this trip. There have been obvious attempts to update and modernize. The bathroom is somewhat new but was installed haphazardly. The towels were new and clean. The bed linens smelled clean and also looked new. I was lucky enough to have booked a larger room so the room size was fine. The interaction I had with the staff was fine. Cons: The lobby and hallway to my room were run down and shabby looking. I walked into my room thinking that this must be the worst room in the place. I thought of leaving but they had just charged me for all three nights of my stay. I really should have complained. The room backed up to the lobby desk. I could here every person entering, exiting, laughing, and messing around at all hours of the night. The room is also right on 79th. It's very busy with a lot of car traffic at all hours. When people walked by I felt like they were standing next to me. Unfortunately for me the cons outweighed the pros. This hotel may work for someone who is on a tight budget who can overlook things and or someone that is willing to complain about things that aren't right unlike I did.	
Dec 9 2008 	This is the City!	Nice simple Upper West Side place. Yes you have to eat out, but its New York stop your [-]... Great Museums, restaurants and pubs all over the place. And its a $10 cab ride to Time Square.. Felt like I lived in the city for a week! Will use them again.. Just get a 1 bed room so you can have a private bath!	
Nov 25 2008 	Good location and decent price	Overall, I enjoyed my stay at Park 79, although I only have a one-night stay to evaluate. The location is great with plenty of restaurants, the subway, and the American Museum of Natural History within just a 2-3 minute walk. This location in the Upper West Side is something that made the hotel attractive to me. The hotel staff seemed competent and helpful. I found the price quite reasonable compared to other hotels in the area, but the reasonable price involved getting a room that had no private bathroom. I didn't find this too inconvenient for my one-night stay alone since the room did have a sink, and the shared bathroom (which is keyed to just a small number of rooms near it) was very clean and large enough. As other reviewers have noted, the rooms are very small (but clean), and mine was no exception. It had a bed, a nightstand, and a TV on another piece of furniture, and although I would have liked a chair so that I had something other than the bed to sit on, I am not sure that a chair would have been able to fit!! I imagine that two people in the room would have been a bit crowded, but if you use the room as a place to sleep and plan to spend time out exploring NYC, then it is probably workable. The only problem I had was with the free wireless internet. In my room, I could pick up about 10 different wireless networks except for the hotel's own! I had to stand by the elevators outside of my room to pick up the hotel's signal, which was a bit annoying.In sum, if you don't mind slightly cramped quarters and no real amenities, but really want a reasonably priced, clean, and well-positioned hotel in the Upper West Side, then I would recommend it. I would stay there again, although not as readily if I were traveling with someone else or staying for quite a few days.	
Nov 18 2008 	Okay for a short visit	Like everyone else, a friend and I went to NY and tried to find a decent place that wouldn't break the budget. Park79 looked charming and was well-located, close to Central Park on the Upper West Side. All in all, it was ok, but not the kind of place i would stay in if this weren't New York where all 'real' hotel rooms cost a minimum of $400/night. Good things: helpful staff, clean fluffy towels (towels and linens smelled very bleachy), window that opened (we needed to - room was warm), flat screen TV, free Internet with good connectivity, hot water, quiet. Bad things: small room, no chair to sit in, very small bathroom but adequate, no breakfast (they put out coffee and tea). The bellboys kept our luggage for us in a locked room as we checked out, hailed cabs, gave directions. They provided good maps and sent us to a great little neighbourhood restaurant for breakfast (The Shining Star on Amsterdam Avenue at about 78 Street). Not bad for 'budget' NY. Next time, though, I'll search around for a better bargain but will return to Park 79 if i can't find one....and try to get a bigger room!	
Nov 9 2008 	Perhaps because I lived in NYC I think Park 79 is nice and reasonably priced?	I have stayed at Park79 twice, both times while in town for business. The rooms are small, but clean, with comfortable beds. The walls are a bit thin, but it is NYC. I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. You cannot beat the upper west side location. If you are expecting luxury you are not going to find it in NYC for $109 - $189 per night. If you are looking for a comfortable room in a great location, this is a good deal.	
Nov 4 2008 	do not stay here!!!!	my husband and i adore the upper west side and our usual hotel was booked so we had to find something else in 'our neighborhood'. park 79 has a good website telling us that its an old townhouse that has recently been totally redone and in our favorite neighborhood -- on the corner of 79th and columbus so we could walk to our usual haunts.... and cheap, it was not -- over $300/per night w/o breakfast.... well, we got there - checked in and when we gave them our credit card they immediately charged us for our full stay of three nights -- that didn't sit well with us but we went up to our room -- it was not a room but a large closet.... i kid you not!!! the beds were comfortable because they were new -- the bathroom was so small we had to step out of the room to open the shower; the mirror was so high we could not use it; the toilet so low we could not get down to sit on it (we're elderly and just don't bend well from the knees) -- there was room for only one suitcase on the luggage rack, there was no chair on which tosit; the room was so dark i could not see to apply make-up -- well, i think you've got the picture -- take our advise -- don't stay at the park 79!!!	
Oct 5 2008 	Find somewhere else	I realise NY is expensive however this hotel was very poor. The staff were not helpful, there was no sign of management or a focus on customer care. The room was small and barred windows - and this was an upgrade ! With no breakfasting facility other than a coffee machine in the lobby be prepared to eat out ....all the time ! The low point was when the staff attempted to get an unlicensed cab for us and quoted double the NYC rate in doing so ! I will not be back and suggest you find somewhere else too.	
Sep 26 2008 	Decent	I saw a mouse in my room on two different nights. The staff was very nice and helpful about it and gave a discount for the unpleasant sightings. The hotel was fully booked, so I could not switch rooms and spent two uncomfortable, sleepless nights there. The location of the hotel is great...close to the park and the subway. And the decorating of the rooms is nice...but my &quot;mouse experience&quot; makes me wonder about the cleanliness. I would not stay there again.	
Sep 17 2008 	Good location but not worth the hassle	This was my second stay at Park 79. The first one was lovely and I would have rated that above average. I often go into NYC both for business and pleasure; I am always on the lookout for a bargain and thought I'd found a gem here. Not true for my second stay. The room was small and smelled moldy. The service was not so great--different employees this time. The parking garage they use is 4 blocks away. I had a great deal of trouble retrieving my car at the validated rate because the hotel had run out of validation stickers. They blamed this on the garage's not delivering them. They told me to &quot;just show them your receipt.&quot; The garage employees were rude and would not accept the receipt. They blamed the hotel for not picking up the stickers. I was in a hurry to leave and ended up paying the full price--more than double the amount it would have been had my ticket been validated. In any case, I will not be returning. I had a reservation for next month that I have canceled. There are other moderately priced hotels on the upper west side with better amenities, closer parking and more efficient staff.	
Sep 6 2008 	Fantastic value for money	Booked this trip around 6 months back, after doing plenty of research around the web.I wanted somewhere that wasn't far from the action, but quiet enough to get a decent night's sleep, as well as good value for money.Park 79 did not dissapoint, it's location was excellent, and very close by to two local subway lines. On the subway it was normally only around a 20-30 minute ride toward the financial district.Very close to Central Park, and the Natural History Museum which was an excellent bonus, as well as plenty of Restaurants and Deli shops nearby, made this an excellent area to stay.I stayed in the Hotel for a week commencing Aug 29th, and I have to say that given the other reviews i have read on Trip Advisor, i was a little uncertain to how it would turn out. Front of house staff were excellent, and very accomodating to peoples needs - A good start.I stayed in room 603, which was a little on the small side, but the space was well utilised, and layed out. In terms of cleanliness it was excellent, with clean towels and changed linen on all days. My only gripe is that the window area was slightly grubby, but not overly so.The room had all you could expect, TV, Air Con, Wash Basin, Storage, Electronic Safe, and Shared Shower Facilities. All were excellent, and included within the price of the room. Also Free internet access was provided, of which i only had problems logging on to once during my whole stay - A rarity compared to most hotels. Only gripe with the internet, was that it was on an unsecured network, meaning anything your doing on the net, could be potentially seen by other people on the network. Perhaps a future recomendation would be to setup basic WEP, or WPA access.Shared shower facilities were not a problem in terms of cleanliness, or availability, I was initially concerned this could be a problem but not so.Hot water usually took a while to get going, but my tip would be to run the hot tap till you get it, then start the shower. if you do it in the reverse, it seemed to take even longer to get hot water up there!Street the Hotel was on, was very quiet and in a safe area. A little traffic noise was apparent, but this wasn't as bad as i thought it would be given the fact it was in a city. However noise from the other rooms could be heard, i would attribute this to the wooden floors in the hallway, which had a tendancy to echo. It wasn't unbearable but definately noticeable, although did not ditract from my stay in New York.Lift as others' have mentioned was quite slow, but i only used this on two occasions - Checking in, and Checking out!At the end of the stay they were happy to look after my baggage after i had checked out, until i was ready to leave for the airport. All baggage was tagged with numbers, and put in secure storage, which was free - Excellent, wish others would do this.Overall a fantastic stay, in a fantastic city, and thouroughly enjoyed, i would recoment to friends and familty without hesitation.TIPS (Basic things to bare in mind while in NY):Get to grips with the subway, and how it works BEFORE you arrive, as it will save lots of time and headaches. Once you understand it, it's really simple to use.Put your wallet in your front pocket. (For safety's sake) Remove any cash you dont need, along with your main bank cards etc.DONT walk around the city with your guidebook, and maps hanging out everywhere, this is likely to attract unwanted attention. Do as i did, and have a pull out map with you, when you need to consult it, duck into a doorway somewhere, then pocket it afterwards. (The more you look like a city slicker, the better)If you intend to see the Statue of Liberty, get your tickets on one day, and turn up at Battery park at 8am the next. No queues and straight onto the ferry after the secuirty checkpoint.I highly recomend getting the NY City Pass, as this allows entry to nearly all attractions i can think of barring the Top Of The Rock.Finally if your flight back is around 10pm, head back to the aiport SOONER rather than later. This will save you lots of stress, as a taxi back to JFK took over an hour at 4:30pm for me! Also bear in mind that between 4-6pm a lot of taxi drivers are off duty, or doing rush hour runs around the city. This can mean that finding a yellow cab that will take you back could be a problem as it was for me (Managed to get one, after hailing a 4th one down), I did however have to agree on a higher price for him to take me there, BEFORE the journey began, otherwise he refused to do it. (May be worthwhile booking a dedicated service back to the airport before your trip ends, you usually need to phone up within 24hrs of your departure time)I hope you find the above information informative, and useful!	
Sep 1 2008 	Really liked it!	Spent 3 nights here and would definitely return!!! Beforehand, I spent hours searching for and comparing budget hotels in New York City. I wanted the Manhattan experience rather than getting a cheaper deal outside of the city, like in New Jersey. Park 79 Hotel near Central Park seemed the nicest in it's price category, and I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED! It is in an excellent location west of Central Park, 2 to 3 blocks from two subways, and on a quiet, safe street.The room with two single beds was small, but well laid out. The white bed linen appeared very clean. The window was facing a wall and I heard absolutely no noise from the street or other rooms.The bathroom was newly renovated. Lots of good quality white towels were supplied. The bathroom had plenty of HOT water. My total bill came up to $654 Canadian for 3 nights (Monday to Wednesday) beginning June 30th. That is a lot of money for me, but I was happy to have spent it at Park 79 because other budget hotels didn't seem as well located, or having as nice linen and bathrooms. I booked my stay through the hotel's website-- which gave me the best deal.I felt safe walking around all parts of New York, including the hotel area and subways. There is a little store directly across from the hotel that had a delicious chicken sandwich for only about $2.50, and they stay open late.Joanne from Vancouver, B.C.	
Aug 8 2008 	Lovely Little Place	I booked a suite in this place for my group of 5, yes 5! We got an extra bed at no additional cost and although we could barely move around in the living area when the sofa bed and extra bed were fully deployed, I still really loved the place! Although we had an ensuite bathroom, many of us used the shared toilets as well when it came to dressing up in the mornings and it was never a problem. The location can't be beat. It was near the subway, Central Park, attractions and we even walked around after midnight without feeling the slightest bit of fear. The staff were really nice and accommodating and I would surely stay here again next time I'm in NYC! It's a fabulous city!	
Jul 30 2008 	Park 79 - Great bargain	We found the Park 79 hotel to be a great bargain. Excellent location - close to the Museum of Natural History, Central Park and to subway stations. It's situated in a beautiful neighborhood. We felt very safe walking around at night. We had a room with a shared bathroom. While we only spent one night, we never saw another soul on our floor and had the whole place to ourselves. You use a key for bathrooms. Bring your towels with you. We were in room 401 which faces 79th street and never heard any loud street noise - in fact we almost overslept!The room was small, but very typical of a NYC hotel. The air conditioner worked perfectly. Loved the duvet covers instead of bed spreads. The room was very clean. The bathroom was immaculate. Free coffee downstairs. I would totally recommend this hotel for short stays.There's a great breakfast spot a few blocks away on Columbus ave. and near 72 or 73 street.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great Expectations !	We found the hotel perfectly adequate.I often wonder when I read the reviews if I have stayed at the same place.Our room was clean no livestock whatsoever.The towels were replaced daily which in fact is too often in these energy saving times.The air con was a bit noisy but welcome in the heat and humidity.The lift was not speedy but not as slow as the one we experienced in Boston.The hotel was ideally situated for subway lines blue and red.Amsterdam Ave. was a great place to eat with lots of choice.I would recommend the hotel for those wanting a double go for the mid-size.Expectations are a funny thing	
Jul 19 2008 	Never ever ever ever ever again!	There are not a lot of choices of hotels on the Upper West Side (near where our daughter lives) and, based on the web site, we thought the Park 79 might be a nice, basic hotel. We expected a small room with few amenities, but we also expected it to be clean room with (judging from the photos) a modest dash of modern style. Instead, the place was a disaster. Both the hallways and rooms were shoddy -- for example, worn carpets, peeling paint in the bathroom, and curtains that only stayed open by stuffing them against the sides of the window frame. The single elevator took forever to arrive -- many guests on floors 4 and below seemed to take the stairs rather than wait. There was no water in the room, even for purchase. The maid took our dirty towels but forgot to leave clean ones. There was only one electric outlet in the room -- it was hard to reach (behind the bed), and when I tried to plug in our computer to recharge it, the cheap plastic extender gadget (that creates more plugs) was so loose that it immediately fell out from the wall and disconnected the clock, lamp, etc. The bathroom wasn't just small (hey, it's NY) -- it was so cramped that you literally had to be careful not to hit your head on the shower door getting up from the toilet. And -- drumroll, please -- our daughter and a friend saw a mouse in their room. To be fair, the front desk staff could not have been friendlier and more sympathetic with each new complaint -- they moved my daughter and immediately comped their room for the night after the mouse incident. But all the front desk's valiant efforts at customer service were no match for the hotel itself. If I had to choose between the Park 79 and a night on a bench in Central Park ........ it would be a tough choice.	
Jul 1 2008 	I finally found a great budget hotel in NYC!!	I have lived in NYC and now visit often. I've tried several budget hotels &amp; B&amp;Bs. This is, by far, the best I've stayed in. First, the location is perfect -- on a residential street and there is ZERO traffic noise (rare for budget NYC). One half block from the Natural History Museum and the adjacent park, 1.5 blocks to Central Park (this is a huge, huge plus). Park 79 is a BUDGET hotel, so expect no frills and the pics on the hotel website are more glamorous than the real deal (this is always the case), however, it's in such a glamorous area, and the bldg itself is totally clean and fine. The hallways are lovely w/ old pre-war moldings and fixures and original wood floors. The rooms are tiny, but fine -- good linens, flat screen TV w/ HBO, baths w/ all new fixtures that are totally clean (never seen this nice in budget NYC). Teeny-tiny elevator that runs slow (per usual for old bldgs in NYC). The staff was extremely curteous, professional &amp; efficient. My mother was appalled at first that we had to pre-pay for our entire stay upon checking-in, but after our lovely 3-night visit, she mentions staying here again and she's NOT a budget hotel type. I'm tickled pink that I now have a regular spot to return to when making my frequent visits.	
Jun 24 2008 	Park 79 hotel A GREAT Location on the Upper West side	We just came back from NYC. What a city ! Manhattan is the place to be ! We are from Montreal, Qc, Canada.It was our first time in the city and we loved it ! It is clean, modern, green. big, rich and so lively ! We stayed 2 couples in a Suite room at the Park 79 Hotel. The room was great, it was clean, 2 big TV's in each area (room area and the living room area(sofa bed)). Perfect for our needs, we were there for 3 nights but just for sleeping as we walked all over town ! The location is great, it is a hip area, quiet but entertainning at the same time. We were close to great little restaurants, Central park, Museums, the Metro and Broadway street (cute restaurant's and boutiques). The only complaint with the room is that there is no door to close the bedroom, so we lacked a bit of privacy (it was our 10th wedding anniversary and we went to NY with my brother and law and his wife). Also the sofa bed's mattress was tough (curved and unconfortable), but I guess that is normal with sofa beds. We did not car much about that because we were so happy to get away from routine life and just visit a Fantastic city, plus we were so tired at night that we crashed and passed out as soon as we touched the bed ! LOL ! The staff was nice and helpful (we arrived way before our check in so the they took care of keeping our luggages while we visited the city...).We will most certainly come back very soon ! Lots to see and do !	
Jun 23 2008 	Motel not Hotel	Small yes Boutique not!!!! I guess if you know ahead of time that you are going to check into a tiny room you will not be surprised like we were. Pictures that others have posted obviously vary from room to room. We did not have a view from our room. It was dark and musty. Our bathroom was so small that you literally had to back into it to use the toilet. I am only 105 pounds i could barely fit my hips between the sink and the wall. If you are fat or big/tall forget it. We checked in and as we opened the door we were greeted by a roach.(Only saw one in 3 days) It's New York but I was grossed out. The linens and towels were clean so we decided to stay for the entire stay. We just got home and we left our luggage in our garage. Everything we own has a foul smell. The room was dark, musty, moldy. Carpet and tiles are very dark so they hide all the dirt. It was like staying in a motel or a hostel. The location is great. If you do not plan to spend time in your room it's fine for the price.	
Jun 18 2008 	WiFi	I booked this hotel for 8 days but only stayed 3 hours.I must be the only person who couldnt get WiFi. I even took the comp to the lobby and they took off my firewall but I still couldnt get it. As I am on a 3 months vacation around america, this is the first place I couldnt get WiFi to work. (stayed in 26 hotels)As i need my comp at all times, I had to check out and booked into the Paramount Hotel on 46th street. I go wifi perfectly.So I dont know why I could not get it at the PArk79.the staff were very helpful and left on a good term.I cant stay in a hotel without WiFi.	
Jun 15 2008 	Somewhere Between Boutique and Budget	I stayed here for three nights, in a &quot;standard double room&quot;. The room was probably about 225 Sq. Feet -- average for NYC and small for most other cities in the U.S. The hallways had an upscale feel. The room itself was simple: one double bed against the wall, a desk, and a tiny bathroom in which you could take care of most of your necessities at the same time -- indeed, you could not move. Walls were pretty bare. Wireless internet was free and it worked -- nice touch. Window air conditioner unit worked well in 100-degree weather. Laptop-size safe in the room. Everything in the room worked and the room was quite clean. Free coffee in the lobby (though they had an electrical problem and there was a sign saying there was no coffee service the first day I was there.) Location is wonderful. I love the Upper West Side. The mattress was very uncomfortable. I'm sorry, but putting a white duvet on a lousy mattress does not a &quot;boutique hotel&quot; make. Staff was competent but (with the exception of someone named Gladys who was very helpful over the phone) didn't go out of their way to help. All in all I found this a very acceptable place to stay and, had it not been for the lousy mattress, I'd give it a rating of &quot;4&quot; instead of &quot;3&quot;. If I had to stay here again, and the price were right, I would be willing to do so. If given the opportunity though, especially in a city like NYC, so rich with hotel options, I'd probably look elsewhere before rushing back.	
Jun 7 2008 	Quality and great location with low price	I was very positively suprised by the level of our hotel!! Our standard room with a shared bathroom with max. two other guests turned out a great choice. The room was very clean and so was the bath room, absolutely no complaints about those! The bathroom was two doors away and it was never taken when me or my friend tried to go there. It looked like the bathroom had just been renovated because you seldom see such a clean toilet and shower. In the room there was a tap so we could wash our faces etc. in the room. There was a tv, air conditioner and a safety deposit in the room and we wouldn't have needed anything else. Earplugs are still a good item to carry along since the walls aren't the thickest. In the mornings there was coffee and tea in the lobby even though no specific breakfast was included. We had a tight budget and we were not looking for anything luxurious. We payed around 50€ per night per person and I will definitely go there again.Location: We had no idea about the location since a lot of the hotels are in the Time Square area but we coulnd't have been more happier with our choice of location. The Park 79 is located closely to the lively streets of Amsterdam and Broadway on the Westside on the 79th street. The Museum of Natural History is basicly just next doors and so is Central Park. There are two subway lines nearby and the area isn't that hectic as in downtown. It is easy to go to the riverside and an outlet store called the Basement is just two blocks away. (Tip; Go there if you want to avoid the maddness of Century 21st. The same clothes with the same prices but less people and the clothes are more organised). Many restaurants, a movie theather, a comedy club, bars, manicures, you name it, were just around the corner. Even a grocery store was pretty close and there are not that many to be found. Even though it's possible to walk to downtown, a metrocard is handy. There was no payment to leave your luggage in the last day when already checked-out. All in all, I can totally recommend this place.	
Jun 6 2008	Disappointment	I stayed at the Park 79 for four nights. I booked the hotel because I wanted to stay on the Upper West Side and because the hotel offered wifi. Only a few days before I arrived I called to book an extra night, because of a change in my schedule.The location is great. Just across the street from the American Museum of Natural History, close to Broadway. I love the Upper West Side. The hotel itself was rather disappointing. I payed way too much for the room on the first night (the extra night). Over 160 euro for a dark, drab room that was so small I could hardly put my suitcaes on the floor. The bathroom was also extremely small.After the first night I was moved to a room with a shared bathroom (this was my original reservation). This was a cheaper room and the room itself was actually a bit better. More light, mostly.The shared bathroom was hardly an issue. It was always available with I needed it. But the room itself was still very small. Of course this is New York City, but still..The frontdesk was ok. Not particularly chatty or helpful, but I didn't really need them anyway.All in all I just felt it was overpriced for what I got. Next time I will look for another place to stay in New York.	
May 30 2008 	Hotel Charm Not A Fluke!	My initial review of Park 79 hotel was for my stay in January. If you read it, you'd notice i was beyond pleased. I was traveling in FEB for business and a valentine's get away (while i wasn't in the office) and immediately gave Park 79 a second go. This property's charm and ambiance is not a fluke. My room was impeccably clean. The staff remembered who i was from my previous stay. Needless to say their hospitality was gracious. The airline misplaced our luggage which wasn't so much of a bummer (just my girlfriends make up and hair stuff). The staff would periodically check up with the airline for any updates, then made sure to locate me via cellphone to make sure i knew exactly when it had arrived. Detail oriented customer service, clean and modern accommodations, historical UWS neighborhood, museums/buss/train/restaurants/bars just a couple of feet away. Midtown is a train ride away, on the 1.Couldn't ask for more. Park 79 was without a doubt just as good the second time around. Consistent! Keep it up!	
May 25 2008 	OK for the price	Stayed here 2 nights.....the location is good ,as the subway stops are within a couple of blocks and it seemed quite safe to be out walking around , even at night......as for the hotel, be prepared...this is a very old place....they keep it up well as everything was clean, but it's still old! ask about the type of room you're getting...be specific...ours was very small....especially the bathroom...i'm 5' 11&quot;, 190 lbs. and believe me, anyone any larger would not be able to function in the bathroom...truth............the elevator , only one, is extremely slow....we were on the 7th floor (7 total) and it can take up to 10 mins. to get it up there....better off walking the stairs......once you do get it, it's only big enough for 2 adults and 2 suitcases.....you can hear the cables slapping as it operates...reminded me of an old horror movie scene...lol......everything went fine and the employees were awesome... the only reason to stay here would be for price.....2 nights $548.00...cheap for new york, but still expensive......i'll probably spend more and stay elsewhere next time.......	
May 8 2008 	SOME NICE STAFF	I made my reservation with Wendy every nice lady; So we knew the hotel was going to be NICE. When arriving to the hotel it seem very small. When checkin the lady at the front desk was very funny and nice, but check in was at 3pm a lady next to hear over heard and looked for a room to check us in the room was tiny but nice. The room smiled very clean the sheets were extremly white so was the duvet. I ladies had given us Godiva Chocolates with a note (nice). We went out to find everything was close by as the doorman said. (Just looking at him you don't want to leave the hotel). We questioned the lady at the front desk with short hair a history about the hotel and to find out four woman run the show NOW THATS CRAZY. Arriving late in the night we called the front desk to get ice the UNPLEASANT, UNATTRACTIVE, RUDE OLD LADY THAT WAS WORKING THAT NIGHT DID NOT HELP US AT ALL. The next morning we left the hotel very early and asked for her name it said it all CJ or Cee-JAY it should be CYL Cee You Later. The rest of the staff EXCELLENT. I never got to the the supervisor because we left the hotel early and came back every late, We saw the front desk supervisor verry sweet and professional want to upgrade us for one night, refund us for the night the inconvenience we just wanted her to Know this girl needs help. The supervisor gave us a sign card with her name &amp; Ms. Blake to get a 10% discount next stay (COoooooooooooooL). I highly recommend this hotel to everyone. Central park the Museum of natural history, Ocean grill, nice martin, shinning star, Blond's Bar, Evelyn Lounge, and many, many thing to do if the weather is nice.	
May 5 2008 	Tiny rooms overheated	We checked in on a Friday afternoon for the weekend. Had a double with private bath. The room was not much bigger than the double bed. No place to sit other than on the bed. The bathroom had a shower, but the shower door opened in (no room to open out) and one had to squeeze around the door to use the shower. Water pressure was low.The room was too hot, I turned off the radiator, opened the window which helped some. When we returned to the room Saturday night after the theater it was still too hot, despite the radiator being off all day, and the outside temperature only in the 50s. I would hate to think what it is like in the summer (No a/c.)The doorman and desk clerk were pleasant, and the doorman suggested I park in the street to save the cost of a garage. I took his advice and had no problem.Plenty of restauarants in the area, and subway nearby, although we chose to walk to the theater district and back. We felt safe on the streets, even at midnight.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great location. Extremely clean. Pleasant rooms	Park79 was a good option. Situated in the upper west side, it is a short walk to central park and the location is very safe and pretty posh. We stayed in a deluxe room and for New York, I think the prices were okay - I wouldn't say it was a steal but I think it was fairly reasonable. The hotel was very clean and the room was nicely furnished with character. This was my first time in New York and perhaps the next time I go, I would try something in mid-town as it is slightly out of the action but for two single girls in New York, it was a good safe option. Staff were quite competent. I wasn't bowled over by their efficiency or friendliness but there was nothing to complain about.	
Apr 14 2008 	Very satisfied	I spent about a week with friends at Park79. We had three rooms with en-suite bathroom and were perfectly satisfied with the standard and cleanliness of the rooms. Before we left for NY we had read some reviews complaining about the noise level. As a precaution we mailed and asked for rooms away from the street and we got these. But it didn't strike me that W. 79th Street is unduly noisy at night. I did notice a couple of times that if someone was holding a conversation in the corridor that could be disturbing, especially late at night, but that's true of any hotel of this category. It's a matter of luck how inconsiderate one's fellow guests are and that doesn't have much to do with the hotel. One of our party had problems with a blocked toilet. This has happened to me several times in different hotels in NY and I can only imagine that the piping in older NY buildings is inadequate for modern day needs. Anyway the blockage was promptly dealt with the next morning and in the mean time my friend was given access to one of the shared toilets, which was quite acceptable. We were satisfied with the attitude of the reception personnel and the service in general. The lift is antediluvian and slow, but it works reliably and a little patience is advisable. The location is ideal – one block from Central Park just behind the Museum of Natural History. There are plenty of excellent restaurants nearby, especially on Amsterdam Avenue. I would certainly recommend Park79, especially given the (for Manhattan) very reasonable price.Alan Miles	
Apr 11 2008 	Not Bad... Not Memorable Either...	My husband and I stayed here for 8 days, the week after Thanksgiving 2007. We had never gone to New York before and I spent countless hours trying to research the best places to stay, for a decent price at that time of year. This was the hotel I chose, based on a multitude of reviews, sites, pictures, etc.THE PICTURES AND WEBSITES ARE MISLEADING... Whatever impression you get from them, know that you will be disappointed on arrival, as the overall feeling of each room seems to be dated and tired, dark and somewhat cramped... Specifics: Clean but small rooms and smaller bathrooms (we had a private double...) Fresh linens and towels daily; toiletries small and generic. Adequate heating, with windows to open when it got a bit warm. Views of the alley or street traffic, depending on room location... Desk staff and concierge were very polite and helpful when necessary. Bed matress was generally uncomfortable... asked neighboring guests - theirs too. Elevator was painfully slow. Two adults, two average pieces of luggage, and maybe one other person can squeeze in at a time. Often waited 15 to 20 minutes to go up or down... Complimentary lobby coffee not so good, often cold; at least a 5-10 block walk in any direction for good food at reasonable prices. There's a GREAT deli about 7 blocks down Columbus, towards Lincoln Center... &quot;Columbus St. Deli&quot;... Great tasting food and reasonably priced breakfasts with a huge variety and great people! Subways in area, but know how to use the system before you go! Not the best stations to hang out in... empty on the weekends...Can walk across Central Park in an hour... Can walk to Times Square in about 40 minutes. Don't bother with cabs to TS; they'll get hung up in Lincoln Center area traffic for longer than it takes to walk it! Overall not a bad stay if you will be constantly on the go, but will probably try a different area on our next trip...	
Mar 4 2008 	Fantastic quaint little hotel!	I have just come back from the hotel with a couple of girlfriends and highly reccomend 79 Park. It is in an excellent location and although small, is just the right size for people coming to NYC to explore the city. Bathroom is very stylish and rooms were cleaned everyday. Really good value for money. If your looking for a hotel while your out and about in New York then this is the one! One sugestion - if you can affird one of the suites with their own bathroom then definately works out better...I will be back next year!	
Feb 8 2008 	Great stay at Park 79!	My husband and I and another couple stayed here the first weekend in December. This was out third trip to New York and even though we liked locations a little closer to some of the main attractions, we were very pleased with the location. A short walk or quick subway ride got us to wherever we wanted to go. We booked a room with two double beds. We were very pleased with how clean the room was, I especially like the hardwood floors. The doormen were very attentive and the hotel workers very hospitable. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 14 2008 	Visitors Beware	Ok, so I must start off with this saying the area of the hotel is GREAT! I am an often visitor of NY and I chose Park 79 because the pictures on Hotels.com made the place look so charming and also its not far from great restaurants and shopping. My first day I got into my room I was greatly disappointed. Boy did the pictures on Hotels.com lie! A bed and a small bathroom. THAT'S IT. Don't look for anything else. The heating didn't work in my room (I traveled in January one of the coldest months in NY) and I was told by the hotel front desk clerk that it would have to hit below 25 degrees in order for the heat to kick in. I was livid to say the least and by night time when I felt hyperthermia setting in the night desk clerk (CJ) who was a God send, took me to see several rooms where the heat actually did work and let me chose with room I wanted. After getting the second room, I tried to play plumber to a toilet that ran 2 nights straight even after they had maintenance come to repair it. After they couldn't get the toilet fixed I was then moved AGAIN for the third time to a room that was heated and had no running toilet but was even smaller than the other two previous ones. I decided to just cut my losses and just be happy with the heat and the non running toilet. The upside is that the staff is very helpful. Some more than others. Once again, the location is great, centrally located across the street from the Museum of Natural History and not far from Central Park. If you have the extra money to stay someplace better..DO SO! If you're short on cash or just need a place to crash for a couple of nights ...this place will fit your needs. My last warning is that the walls are PAPER THIN. You can and will hear everything. If someone has an infant in a room next to you, it will definitely feel as if they are in your room. BEWARE	
Jan 9 2008 	UN-BE-LIEV-A-BLE	I booked the reservation on the hotel website. I had to change the date of arrival. When I called the hotel a lady by the name of Glady's told me I had to go on the website and change my reservation when asked why the lady was RUDE and LAUGHING on the phone. I asked to speak with a manager and was transfer to a voice mail. I called again and a manager by the of Jennifer said ther was no one in reservation and she could not help me at that time, asking me to go on the website and do any changes explaining over and over the change in plans she did not want to help me. The next morning I called about 8am and spoke with the front desk explaining what had happen the lady looked up my reservation and made the change. She apologized for the inconvenience I had. When arriving to the hotel the doorman was very helpful and the receptionist maryell was well spoken, very friendly and courteous. Once again the lady apolgized. We had a reservation for a room that did not have a bathroom she upgraded us and gave us a room with the bathroom. the lady send the housekeeping manager with extra towels chocolates and a apology note. the room was spotless, sheets and duvet changed everyday, Cofee and newspaper in the lobby every morning. The hotel is great location excellent one block away from Central Park, American Museum of Natural History many restaurants, cofee shops and subway stations. OVER ALL THE STAY WAS ABSOLUTEL WONDERFUL. WITH THE ATTENTION WE RECEIVED AND SAW WITH EVRYONE ELSE THIS WILL BE MY CHOICE FOR THE FUTURE VISITS!	
Jan 1 2008 	Christmas In New York	This is only my second ever review on Trip Adviser, my first slated a certain place in China, this one however is as opposite as opposite could get! Park 79 on 79th Street, New York, is the place to go, want to know why… read on…My girlfriend and I were looking for somewhere to spend Xmas, what better place really than New York, it has everything, trust me, after I have reviewed the above mentioned hotel, I’ll tell you why and where you should go in the Big Apple. But first the hotel…Getting from JFK, as we did, to the hotel cost us around $50 in a taxi and it took around 1hr 20mins. You can do the same journey using the subway for only $7, which we did on the way back. Ok, location…..Perfect is the only word; you can walk to everything, within reason!Central Park - 10mins awayNatural History Museum - 5mins awaySubway - 10mins awayGreat Bars - 5mins awayGreat Diners/restaurants - 5mins awayI could go on, but there really is no need, take it from me, the location is perfect! You are far enough away from the “major” sights so as not to be hassled by crowds, if you want to fall out of your hotel and land in tourist heaven, then this is not the place for you. If you want to walk to them with your morning coffee through Central Park, then this is your place!The rooms are not the biggest you will see, if you are a more “bigger boned” person then the shower could be a bit of a squeeze, if you go for a room as we did, with own bathroom. Should you opt for the shared bathroom, then the shower is large enough for even the larger person to jump and dance around. Bed was very comfortable and there was more than enough storage room to accommodate our winter clothes. The rooms were very warm, if not too warm at night; excellent maid service ensured we had clean towels and a crisply made bed every day!Flat screen TV had a whole range of channels should you wish to kick back, relax and watch 10 minutes of a TV show before it being interrupted by adverts!!The doormen and reception staff were very obliging to any questions or help we asked of them, free coffee was on offer every morning too!If there was anything bad to say about this hotel, then I would have to say the lift, we were on the 4th floor so didn’t mind walking, but if you are on the top floor the walk could become a bit tiresome. The lift (singular, there was only one!) was slow, VERY slow, but the speed of the lift should not distract from the fact that this hotel is excellent.So a few more tips for the New York traveler. Number 1 tip, buy a subway card, we got one for 7 days for $24, every ride, no matter how far you are going cost $2, so buying a card means you can go subway crazy!!Empire state building - don’t be pulled in by the guys trying to convince you to go to the next level up, it’s so not worth it!Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island - both can be done by getting a ferry, the latter is the better venue, very interesting, don’t miss out by thinking, Blah Blah Blah… Ellis Island is well worth a visit.Central Park – best park in the world, it’s clean, it’s BIG, and it’s GREAT!Natural History Museum – check out the planetarium, the IMAX show they have on is very spectacular.I could waffle on, but you’ll all go out and buy your Lonely Planet Guide anyway, this review was about Park 79 on 79th Street. A great little hotel that shouldn’t be missed. Enjoy New York, we loved it!!	
Dec 19 2007 	Good hotel bad experience	Went after Thanksgiving. Rooms very small but clean and yes, near everything. Went to check out and was told owed $200 in additional fees. Did not use anything while in Room so questioned extra monies. Was told girl taking reservation made mistake on price! Paid well over $200 per night a far cry from the price listed on this site. Was told could not leave hotel until monies were paid. Had to stay on travel schedule so left. Emailed five times when I got home. No response! Not good business in my book.	
Dec 13 2007	Great little hotel	Hotel was in a great location away from the hype of NYC but in an equally nice spot of the city. Subway and plenty of shops and restaurants for breakfast, lunch or dinner were just 5 minutes away as was Central Park. A cab to Times square was under $10. Hotel itself was small and friendly, the staff were great and always helpful. Julio &amp; Joshua the doormen were very helpful with local info and directions. The std room we had was small but more than adequate for our stay and it was cleaned daily and fresh towels provided. Great value for money.	
Dec 6 2007 	Very expensive for what it is	I picked this hotel as it was recommended by a friendwho lives in new york and whose parents had stayed here. The location was great - no traffic noise, near subway but not so hectic in middle of everything but you could get to everywhere easily. The room was tiny - I had one with own bathroom but it was clean. However the walls are paper thin, my room was near the lift so I could hear doors banging, people shouting at all hours - coming out of their rooms - so I would ask for a room away from lift if that sort of thing bothers you. I didn;t spend much time in my room so it's size didn't particularly bother me. However the heating was unbearably hot - and when I opened the window the entire panel collapsed on me so i had to get maintance to fix it and they weren't able to turn it off. Also the pipes for heating make a lot of noise every few minutes so if you';re a light sleeper this might bother you. The first morning I had no hot water in my shower - for a hostel i would expect this - not for a 350 dollar a night stay! They rectified it when I rang reception but for that price it shouldn't be an issue. I would stay here again if I couldn't find anywhere else. On the plus side it was clean and felt safe and convenient. NEgatives it's not a boutique hotel - 350 dollars is a lot for paper thin walls, lack of hot water and a tiny room - but it appears impossible to get a good value hotel in New york. I would describe myself as reasonably well travelled especially in cities so the price and standard of this hotel suprised me I think they should throw in some more comfort for that price tag!	
Dec 3 2007 	Nice but....	Small hotel in a great location. All the fixtures are top quality, but the bathroom was extremely small - my husband bumped his backend on the wall while shaving at the sink. The double bed had no mattress pad and the sheets were not tucked in, so sleeping was somewhat uncomfortable and the sheets kept moving around. The most unpleasant thing about our stay was that we were quoted a price - on the telephone, but they changed it when we were checking out. We arrived and paid the full quoted price for five nights. On the last day, when we were checking out, they told us that we owed money, that the price was higher. It was their mistake, but we had to pay an extra $102. I just do not like this kind of thing. If they misquoted the price, they should deal with it. So, although we may have gone back again, we will not. I don't want any more increased price surprises.	
Nov 29 2007 	Never Ever Again	We stayed in this hotel for probably no more than 5 hours - although this did cost us around $350. We unfortunately had a delayed flight from Heathrow and checked in at 3am. The hotel is in a somewhat quiet part of New York. Close to the Natural History Museum and Central Park but a long way from the buzz of NYCThe receptionist managed to stuff up the credit card machine and kept us another hour before letting us finally go to our room. Despite the fact that we had been up for 26 hours at this stage she refused to take our passports as a deposit. Finally the payment was accepted and we were shown to our room.We had seen the hotel's website and were expecting a &quot;boutique&quot; quality hotel. The room was dark, drafty and damp with a tiny window overlooking a flat roof. The toilet was certainly not clean, the carpet had not been vacuumed and there were pubic hairs in the bed. It did however have a plasma TV - as per the photo. We then went through the charade of being shown an equally dire alternative room (by now it was 4am) but decided against and evenutally we changed the sheets ourselves.At 6am the plumbing came to life with the hotel's hot water pipes running right through our room. This continued until we checked out at 9am. We decided that enough was enough and decided to check out. The receptionist's English was so poor that it took some time to get this message across but we managed to find somewhere on a last minute type website (the hotel was wi-fi which was a blessing). I had made two local phone calls (on a NY phonecard) but somehow my phone bill was $22. In their defence, when I complained the next day to the management about the shocking state of the room they did reimburse me $100 for the inconvenience. Small mercy perhaps but it was something that they didn't have to do.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great Little Hotel	This is a great little hotel for those on a budget. Rooms are small, of course, but very clean and the bathroom had been completely redone. The beds had nice duvets and the bulding is old school with hardwood florrs in the hallways.The location is excellent - a nice neighbourhood in the upper west side. Away from the craziness of midtown but right near the subway with great little shops and restaurants around. It's also very near a Gray Line bus tour stop which is nice for tourists.Staff was very friendly and helpful. If you are looking to spend a considerable amount of time in your hotel room, this likely isn't the place, but I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Nov 13 2007 	Satisfactory	I stayed in this hotel because I was running the NYC marathon and if there is anyone doing the same I strongly recommend it, since it is located just a couple minutes from finish line. The premises were clean and nice and the staff very attentive, with special mention to doormen Joel and Julio who were extremely helpful.	
Oct 31 2007 	Absolutely Wonderful!	I go to NYC at least twice a year on vacation with my girlfriends, and I will now make Park 79 my permanent NYC vacation home!The doorman was readily available each time we arrived back to the hotel, he was as courteous and friendly as anyone could have been! Having arrived 3 hours early, we expected to have to check our bags, but they allowed us to go ahead and check into our room, which saved much time and aggravation! The room was spotless, duvet heavenly and the room safe a HUGE bonus for my expensive camera equipment! Bathrooms were immaculate and readily available. Hallways and lobby had a very expensive feel! Very nice location, great neighborhood, and staff was absolutely wonderful! This WILL be my choice for future visits!	
Oct 26 2007 	Good Value in Manhattan	Park 79 Hotel is a property I can recommend. The rooms aren't large, but they are fairly quiet, clean, and tastefully decorated. The shared bathrooms were close to our room, but we never heard them being used by other guests.The most impressive thing about this hotel, was the price, followed closely by the location. It is one block from the American Museum of Natural History on Central Park West, giving you access to many restaurants, coffee shops, and the subway. There is a weekend market a few blocks south...bought some gifts and had some fantastic hot apple cider there. Two blocks away is Central Park, and Tavern on the Green is within comfortable walking distance. A cab to Radio City Music Hall costs less than 5 bucks.Speaking of cabs, though...we had to catch an early flight back home, and a hotel employee insisted on calling a taxi for us, so it would be waiting for us when we checked out. That sounded great so we accepted the offer. Next morning, we checked out, and sure enough, there was a car waiting for us. We stepped outside and the driver (it was a livery cab) began loading our suitcases into his car. Seeing it was a livery cab (realize this...they are shady, and I'm being nice), I asked him how much the ride (to LGA) was going to cost. The answer?...&quot;Fifty dollars, plus tolls.&quot; I laughed for a second or two, thinking he was joking. When I realized he was serious, I snatched our bags out of his trunk with a quickness and said, &quot;I'll be hailing a real cab, thanks for nothing.&quot;He grumbled something along the lines of, &quot;Good luck at this time of the morning,&quot; stood there for a minute (like I might change my mind), then got into his dented Lincoln, and drove away, kicking up slush and swerving in the process.My wife and I walked about 100 feet, and hailed a real cab (elapsed time 3 minutes), and we were on our way to the airport...cost us $30, including a nice tip for the driver. Not so much of a commentary on the hotel staff, more of a warning regarding those black livery cabs.Nonetheless, I would recommend the Park 79 hotel, and I plan to stay there again.	
Oct 23 2007 	The best place	My family &amp; I booked for 3 room. When arriving at the hotel new it was going to be an EXCELLENT STAY looking at the lady staying at the front desk with GLAMOURS EYES AND A SWEET VOICE. We arrived before check in time. The lady at the front desk called the housekeeping manager and we had all 3 rooms ready to check in at noon. My brother and I wanted to stay just to ask her questions and hear her speak. Housekeeping manager was extremely nice so was the lady that did our rooms we got extra towel and sheets. The bellman was also pleasent. The information we asked for was always given. I recommend Park 79 Hotel to everyone young and old. Lady's and Gentlemen reading this page if you want to feel SPECIAL and RICH you have to go here. You will find everything from shopping stores to resaurants, Kids and Adult Activites in Central Park.The Clark family	
Oct 23 2007 	Horrible hotel but fantastic desk staff!	I was travelling up from Maryland for a three nights stay in New York. A friend had booked me into this hotel as he was worried that I was a woman staying in the city on her own. The hotel looked nice from the outside and the desk staff were very friendly and asked me out with them for a drink on my last night!But the hotel itself was another story. The room was tiny and the bathroom was like a cupboard with a shower that leaked. The final straw was the paper thin walls, you could quite literally hear EVERYTHING that was going on in the next room.Thankfully, as I love NY so much, the hotel didn't ruin the experience. But it wasn't nice &amp; I wouldn't return.	
Oct 16 2007 	Decent Budget Hotel	I have stayed in quite a few places in NYC, and this place ranks pretty far down my list. On the plus side, this hotel is in a very nice neighborhood on the Upper West Side. It is near several very pleasant restaurants, good boutique-type shopping (Eileen Fisher, Design Within Reach), and a block from Central Park. I come here from DC for work, and usually stay in midtown, so it is a very nice change to be in a neighborhood. There is free wireless, and the hotel staff was very cheerful and helpful.On the negative side, I found this hotel quite shabby and drab. It is a 7 story converted apartment bldg/townhouse. I had a queen suite -- room 714. No view, tiny tiny bathroom. There are a few upscale-ish touches (new floors, lavatory that looks like it is from Restoration Hardware), but on the whole, I found the place pretty basic. To be clear, there is nothing terrible about the place -- it is clean and in a safe neighborhood, but the website description of a &quot;boutique hotel&quot; is misleading. I paid $379 per night for the suite (not including taxes, which put the place at $444). I had to book at the last minute for work, and stayed here b/c of a complicated deal involving my husband being up here for work and having to stay here. If you got a really great deal (like maybe in the range of $200 per night?), I might consider staying here, but think that there are too many other better places to stay in NYC for me to consider being here again.	
Oct 9 2007	Great.	My husband and I stayed one night at Park 79 last month (would have been two, but we had to leave due to unforeseeable circumstances) and we both enjoyed our stay very much. The room was clean and bright, the bed was comfortable and there was plenty of room for just the two of us. I am not sure why people keep saying they need more room for just two, but maybe I don't want to know why. Anyway, we had no problems with noise either outside or in the surrounding rooms. In fact, I thought the rest of our floor must have been unoccupied because of the lack of noise, but the next morning, housekeeping was cleaning all of them, so they must have been full. We had a room with a shared bathroom and it was totally fine. I never had to wait for the bathroom and it was very clean. The staff was friendly and I don't know what more I could have expected from this hotel.	
Oct 3 2007 	A little gem in a perfect location	We chose the Park 79 hotel because of the location and it didn't disappoint. There are two subway stations within a block, and you're just a stroll from Central Park and a lovely neighbourhood with plenty of restaurants, delis, diners and bars. Totally not touristy, within easy reach of the hustle and bustle, yet far enough out to get a good night's sleep!Our room was a good size, with high ceilings, a nice firm bed, plump pillows and a huge TV. The private bathroom was small but absolutely spotless. Fluffy white towels arrived each day and there was everything you could need - shampoo, sewing kit, hairdryer, iron, ironing board, safe and air con. The service was great, always happy to help. We asked for ice on two occasions and it arrived within a couple of minutes. Ok, the hallways could do with a spruce up and the wooden floor was a bit echoey, but we weren't ever disturbed by noise.I would DEFINITELY stay here again!	
Sep 29 2007 	Great place to say	This newly renovated hotel is in an excellent neighborhood. The room was very clean, and the private bathroom, while small, was also very clean. The staff was extremely friendly - always helpful and courteous. This hotel is an excellent value for the money. It's definitely where I'll stay when I go back to New York.	
Aug 21 2007 	Good Budget Hotel and very Clean	This hotel is very clean. All other amenities are quite basic. Our floor had two bathrooms between around 10 rooms, but to be honest there was hardly ever anyone in them. I will be travelling to new york again in March 2008, this time with a bigger budget so i will pay more for accommodation elsewhere, but if i didn't have a bigger budget i would be definetly be going back to park 79!	
Aug 9 2007 	Great location friendly service and clean	First time Upper West location for a five night stay for my partner and myself. Stayed in deluxe room on 3rd floor facing rear onto back terraces of W 80th St. The location was quiet and within walking distance of several good restaurants (City Grill - great steak, Boat Basin Cafe - great view, quirky service but good burger). Room was excellent, air cond worked (heat wave in Aug) and clean. Front desk staff were extraordinarily friendly and helpful. We had an issue with our room being on ground floor, they moved us right away after another room became available. Only suggestion would be to put a small bar fridge in rooms although ice is always available on demand and we made generous use of it. Door man smile and sense of humor always gave us a lift after a long day of walking. Bathroom was small, but clean and modern with a full bathtub and shower. The bed was very comfortable with soft duvet cover only on top of cover sheet. Overall seemed like a bargain for location, service and cleanthliness.	
Jul 21 2007 	Great honeymoon stay!	We just returned from our honeymoon, which included a stay in New York City and wanted to say that we loved our time staying at the Park 79 hotel. Our initial room was the normal small for New York, but nice enough. Thankfully we were moved into a larger room, which was great! Thanks to management!The location is amazing, close to Central Park and the Museum of Natural History, subway stations, tons of shops and cool restaurants (wide range). Also, a quieter residential neighbourhood (read: non-touristy). There's a great convenience store/deli across the street open late.The rooms are very comfortable, the decor fashionable. My wif'e's extremely picky about cleanliness and said that the room could have used a bit more thorough vacuuming in the corners, but otherwise she had no complaints. I'm more sensitive about noise and found it a bit noisy at nights from the hardwood floors in the hallways and people walking and closing doors as the soundproofing around the doors is quite lacking. The first room close to the elevators was very noisy, but the second room further back was much better. The staff were very helpful and friendly.We very much enjoyed our stay. And for the price, it's a great deal for New York City. We would definitely recommend Park 79 and will stay there again when we go back.	
Jul 9 2007 	Clean Central Secure but Small	The location in the Upper West Side is great, a block from the subway off Amsterdam and a short walk to Central Park. The street was calm and safe.The room was small as expected, clean and the bed was firm (unlike the Amsterdam Inn where we stayed previously). The clerks were polite and allowed us to check-in early to a different room that was ready. We asked for a room that did not face the street and that was on a non-smoking floor and that is what we were given. The room had a micro-bathroom (tiny, my shoulders touched the wall when on the throne) with a shower stall beside the sink. The bed filled most of the room. The TV was just a few feet from the foot of the bed, and there was a few feet of floor space along the side of the bed between it and the bathroom. Otherwise the bed occupied most of two walls.Storage for clothes was minimal. There was an average sized dresser with three drawers, and a rack with ten or so hangers attached and a shelf on top (instead of a closet). Basically the suitcase fit under the rack right beside the TV and clothes became part of the decor.There was an iron and board (we didn't use them through). The shower had hot water and good pressure, the bathroom had a blow-dryer (that worked well), the towels and linens were clean, no stains, and no sign of bedbugs or any other nasties. But there were no chairs or desk - there was no room for them! Whatever you do, sit, eat, sleep, you do on the bed or the stool at the foot of the bed.The room also had a small safe in the sidetable that worked with a four number code of one's choosing. The air-conditioner was predictably noisy, as was the fan in the washroom, and we did hear the door to the common bathroom down the hall, but the noise was minor, nothing that earplugs didn't remedy.There was a phone in the room, but because we booked with Expedia we needed to give a credit card number, and the rate was 75 cents for the first minute and 25 cents for every additional minute. On the day we checked-out they allowed us to leave our luggage there while we ran last-minute errands. There were no weird misunderstandings, no gaffs or gaps in service other than one day the maid forgot to leave clean towels - but a call downstairs had fresh ones to us in minutes.We thought that Park 79 was what we expected, a place for us to leave our belongings safely, and a base for us to return to at the end of the day to bathe and rest. It was not a place to entertain or do work.PLUSES: The cleanliness, security, firm bed, and location.MINUSES: The lack of seating, the tiny washroom, the noisy bathroom fan.Basically the room was a fine base for a short stay but would not suffice as a place to spend much time in as one might on a longer stay. Because we were out in the city as was our intent, this room served us well for the budget we had set.	
Jul 4 2007 	Hotel was OK.	The Hotel looks better in photo's than reality. Our room was quite dark &amp; looked tired. The carpet was odd...wasn't nailed to floor &amp; worn in places, curled up at the wall. Bathroom tiny with large concrete pillar in middle of it, quite a monouver to get into shower &amp; definately only one person at a time in bathroom itself. Awoken first morning (7.30) by very loud hammering/banging in opposite room. Rang reception to be told there were no renovations happening in hotel, on informing them that the sink &amp; various room items were in the corridor she agreed to investigate &amp; call back. We are still waiting for the call. When we approached reception for a room change we were told the Hotel was full &amp; no other rooms were avail. They said they would contact Manager to find a solution. That evening on our return we were informed that renovations would not start until 9.30 next morning &amp; none over the weekend. We agreed to that offer as it would have been too difficult to find another hotel at that stage. We did receive an apology from the receptionist &amp; a small box of chocolates (2 pieces) .Air conditioning unit was hopeless, hardly made a difference in the room, big old fashioned type that sounds like a 747 landing at all speed settings.Overall the Hotel was OK, clean linen &amp; towels, the room would have been quiet, it looked over gardens &amp; there was no street noise. Positon is good if you are looking for a quiet area, on a bus route, walking to midtown about 20 mins, very close to central park.I think the Hotel is expensive for what it is offering, it looks more budget than medium range &amp; i would not stay there again.	
Jun 25 2007	Good Value for the Price	This no-frills hotel (no ice machine, no cable TV) seemed just fine to me on my recent 1-night stay. The location, upper west side, right near the park, and the Metropolitan Art Museum, etc. is ideal (and blessedly out of the noisy, crowded &quot;theatre&quot; district). I was on my own so I opted for a single with semi-private bathroom. My room was small, but clean, quiet, and quite functional. As far as I could tell, my floor (2nd) had two bathrooms shared by, perhaps, 10 rooms. Both were relatively roomy, convenient, and clean. I never had to wait and never saw anyone else. Very minimal, but pleasant, service in this hotel. I paid $145.00.	
Jun 14 2007 	Fit the budget safe and clean	A friend of mine who recently visited NYC recommended this hotel to me after I searched up and down for some place decent to stay that fit within my budget. So, my husband and I spent two nights here and were pleased overall--free wireless Internet, soft bedding, complimentary toiletries, quick room service and courteous and helpful staff. The room was bare bones and paint needed a touch-up especially around doors, but the furniture was decent, all mahogany, and, as I mentioned before, the bedding was really soft. Towels were replenished every day, bed made, things tidied up. Closet had safe in it, wooden hangers, and an iron and ironing board. Flat screen TV with HBO (not that we watched much since we were out exploring the city). Ate at two great restaurants nearby: Uno's Chicago Pizza and EJ's diner. Sharing a bathroom was a bummer, but worth the savings. Bathroom was always empty and stayed clean. Window unit (no central air and heat) was noisy--a constant hum--but probably served to muffle noises from other rooms. It was great that the hotel staff stored our luggage upon checkout so we could do some more sightseeing before our plane departed. And they took time to give us directions more than once.	
Jun 13 2007 	Nice neighborhood to stay in Manhattan	Room is tiny, but i suppose not any smaller than most Manhattan hotels. Located in a quiet street right next to Musuem of Natural History at the intersection of 79th St and Columbus Avenue. Has a cozy, old world hotel charm. Convenient location, 2blocks to No.1,2,3 red line subway on broadway running the entire length of Manhattan north to south. The no.7 bus stops at the intersection of Amsterdam Ave (1block away).Walk pass the Musuem and you have Central Park. Unlike many Manhattan Hotel in the same price range, this is quiet, but still just direct subway, or 1bus ride to downtown like Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Union Square.Concierge cum doorman/porter knowledgeable and helpful.	
Jun 10 2007 	Nice people shady management	I must say that the people here are lovely, and everyone is very nice. We stayed a week, and the place was clean and kept clean, and overall a great value for the price. But I only had one complaint. We were booked for 7 days, and on the 6th day my girlfriend and I decided to try to book an extra night. We were on our way out for the day and stopped by the reservation desk to do so. The credit card was charged, a receipt was given and we were told that we were &quot;all set to check out on wednesday&quot; (instead of tuesday, as it was originally). We walked out and spent our day shopping and seeing the sights, as expected. Apparently, an hour after we left for the day the woman at the desk left a message on our hotel phone (though we were out, and she knew this) saying that our &quot;reservation&quot; could not be honored, and that we needed to find another place to stay. Because she didn't bother calling the number she had on file, we didn't get this message until 1am. So with plane reservations already made and plans to stay an extra day (for example, tickets to the empire state building and dinner reservations), we were told we needed to find our own place because they &quot;overbooked&quot; the rooms. Instead of the hotel manager helping to resolve the issue we were offered a telephone book and location of an internet cafe to locate our own hotel. We were exhausted from the day and to hear that we need to pack and move to a new hotel in just a few hours was ridiculous. The next morning I woke up early and spoke to the front desk, who said they'd speak to the supervisor. After calling back an hour later, I was told that the manager came by but left without addressing our situation. I told the woman at the front desk that my credit card was charged and that the hotel was at fault, and she told me that they voided the charge (without my knowledge) the day before. At this point they were telling us to leave, so I responded with proper frustration and told them that this was their problem and I wasn't going anywhere until they fixed it. I demanded to speak to their manager and they told me they would call her, again. So I told her that I know how this works. Hotels overbook all the time, and when they do they always offer to fix the problem one way or another. After all this it was Nelson at the reservation desk who contacted the manager, who finally managed to find a way to keep us there after all. I should have talked to him first. I never did talk to this supervisor.I really wanted to give this hotel a good review. We even took nice pictures of the room to post after our trip, but this problem caused me way too much grief on my last day. I would never stay here again. Next time I will stay somewhere that doesn't think they can get away with such things.	
Jun 7 2007 	Cozy and welcoming Park 79	I have been privileged to stay at Park 79 more than once now, and each time has been wonderful. Park 79 is a cozy, welcoming venue nestled into a quiet, tree lined street (hard to find in NYC), in a truly lovely Upper West Side neighborhood. All transit is close and easily accessible. The neighborhood is just that, a neighborhood, with one of the world's best museums litereally across the street, quaint coffee houses, great restaurants, and charming shops all within one block. The rooms are scrupulously clean, and the linens crisp and fresh and inviting. While the accommodations may be small, (what hotel room isn't these days?), they are furnished tastefully and adequately. And the staff is a treasure. I have received four star treatment each visit, from everyone from the doorman, to the concierge, to the manager. Park 79 is a lovely little pied a terre hidden away in NYC. It is quite a find, and not many know about it, so enjoy it while it is still a secret.Travel Agent, Love NYC	
Jun 5 2007	Great Gem in Lovely Neighborhood	I stayed at Park 79 for three nights when I was in town for a convention. The location is terrific--directly behind the Natural History museum and two blocks from subway. Everything you need is within a few blocks--restaurants, drugstore, Filene's, Zabar's, ATMs, etc. The staff was always very responsive and helpful, especially in my special situation. My credit cards were stolen one day before my trip, so I had no way of paying for things other than cash. I called ahead and they graciously let me pay for my room in cash, which many hotels won't allow. I also got in very late (3 a.m.) and they were there to greet me. Room was small (hey, it's New York) but always spotless and linens were fresh daily. Nice soap, shampoo, etc. Shared bath was always clean and I rarely had to wait. My ONLY complaint is that the gorgeous hardwood floors in the hallways make a lot of noise when you walk on them, so I was afraid I was bothering other guests. Bring soft-soled slippers for walks to the bath. Overall, a great little gem and I'll gladly stay again. This is the REAL NYC.	
Jun 4 2007 	Great find	We had a wonderful stay at the Park 79 ,found all the staff friendly.Would go back again when in NY.Yes the rooms are a bit small,but,as the saying goes &quot;we were in NY&quot;Great location,and the Shining Star Diner,turn right out of hotel walk down to end of block and cross over 79th street,it's up there on the left, was a great place to eat,very friendly staff.	
Jun 1 2007 	Very happy overall	This was our first trip to New York and we found the location ideal - quiet but close to subways, Central Park and excellent local shops/delis on Amsterdam and Broadway (especially Zabars and Fairways for a terrific choice of good value food). All staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Our first room was spotless but cramped and without adequate natural light - we asked (very politely!) for a change and after a couple of days we were transferred to a much nicer room. Morning coffee in the lobby was a nice touch and a good chance to chat to the staff.Overall this was a very pleasant experience and great value for money - can't wait to come again.	
May 23 2007 	Not that bad really	I can understand why people were a little upset or confused. The hotel does advertise on the web with a room that's very elegant, but that photo, as I have learned, is used by many sites. The hotel would benefit by showing real pictures of the hotel entrance, lobby, and some photos of actual room(s). I am a single traveler and rarely travel with the expectation that I will be spending much time in a hotel room, so my needs are minimal - and they were met, plus. Yes I had a small room roughly 72 sq/ft with a twin bed, a dresser with a small TV on top of it (limited selection), a nightstand with light and telephone, and a padded bench to sit on or put things on top of. As I rented a room that shared two bathrooms on the same floor, there was also a sink stand with a mirror over it and a place to put your personal items - fresh towels &amp; linens were provided daily. There was also a place to hang your clothes (over the stool), and a niche where you could place luggage. A small do-it-yourself safe was also located under the nightstand. Yea!! they had free wireless throughout the hotel, so I was able to log in and get my e-mail and check out directions, restaurants, sites, etc., in the evenings.Yes, the walls are paper thin, but once you realize that, hopefully you try to be quieter than normal and not disruptive of your neighbor. I am an early riser, and regretted having to move about knowing that it was disruptive to neighbors, but I did so quickly so as to get out as soon as possible.Yes, I did have trouble with hot/cold water at first, but I found that if I let the water run for a couple of minutes, the hot water came in - and then it was scorching hot. I didn't have any problems with this at all on the 6th floor from May 3-10. The bathrooms were always empty and always very clean whenever I accessed them. Same to be said of the room - mine was always neat and clean whenever I returned from my excursions late in the afternoon.The staff people were very friendly and very helpful. On several occasions, I asked for help with directions and recommendations, and they went out of their way to help. When I first arrived, the room was a little warm, and the window would not stay open unpropped. When I told the staff, an A/C unit was in the window that same day when I returned to my room that afternoon. They were also very helpful about how to get to and from places in NYC, Brooklyn, and the Bronx as well as the Airport (La Guardia).There are many other good reasons to stay here. Subway and buses are nearby and accessible quickly. Natural History Museum and Central Park are literally a block away, and the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a quick bus ride across the park. Not to mention that there are plenty of restaurants, stores, etc., all within short walking distances. Great hotel if you need a clean, safe place to hang your gear while you go out and explore the city.	
May 17 2007 	Slamming Doors and No Hot Water	We stayed at Park 79 for 3 nights in May, 2007 knowing from the price that it was not going to be a luxurious stay. Our expectation was met. Upon arrival, the front desk was very polite and courteous. The room was extremely small, but we were somewhat prepared for that, as we also were prepared for the shared bathroom (you can have your own bathroom but will pay extra).However, there are some areas which the hotel could improve upon. First, the doors slam. This would not normally be a huge problem in a hotel, except that it is exacerbated by the fact that the walls are paper thin. It is quite annoying. Secondly, the hot water was lukewarm for about 2 days of our stay. In fact, I could not get ANY warm water on Saturday morning at around 11 am. I politely but firmly explained this fact to reception, and also a security guard/ maintenance worker who was at the front desk. Incredibly, they questioned whether I had mastered the technique of turning on the shower. I had used the showers the previous day, so I knew I was turning it on the right way. I told them that, not only did the two showers on my floor not have hot water, neither did the floor above. I specifically asked whether this was a problem they had encountered before. I got a sweet smile, and an incredulous &quot;no!&quot; but I suspect that the hotel is overloaded and not properly equipped for all of the guests staying in the miniscule rooms. Anyways, I kind of half expected some sort of response -- even a slight discount? a free coffee coupon? -- but none was forthcoming.Also housekeeping started cleaning at 9 am. Again, if this was a normal sized hotel with thicker walls this wouldn't be much of a problem, but you could hear EVERYTHING.That's the negative part. The positive part is that the hotel is in a nice area, very good access to the subway, and there's a cute little deli across the street that sells great chicken sandwiches.	
May 15 2007	still no improvement	Me and some friends stayed at the is hotel, hayden hall (hayden hole) as it use to be known, and I cant believe, that a few years down the line this place has yet to IMPROVE. I would suggest that people still condsidering to stay here really need to read the reviews and look elsewhere please. You will save yourself money and time.	
May 1 2007 	small but clean a bit out of the way	i stayed there for 4 nights 26th - 30th of april 2007. the out side of the holtel look loverly the front dresk staff are really helpfull and nice. the lift if something out of the stone age as i was in room 711 (7th floor) it took for ever the hall ways do not look very inviting need a good paint etc.once entering the room i found the room so small, a dnouble bed with 4 pillows if you like big pillows on your bed you will be ok as i dont :( 25 or 28&quot; tv some good channels when you have had enought shopping.the alarming bit was the window could easy fall out and 7 story drop noy good as iam a sleep walker and no good for kids and the windows start very low. no tea and coffee making facilitys but there is tea and coffee in the morings in reception (get there early for this).the bathroom was clean but very small and i mean very small no bath just a shower with sink and toilet.also in the room was a safe, iron, ironing board.overall, ok for a few days would of rather stayed on 5th avenue if i had of know how far away this place was as cabs didnt wana come out this far.if you like small rooms, you will love it, if you like a nice room like i do you wont.	
Apr 24 2007 	Fine for the price	Please do not base your decision on where to stay on only the negative reviews. Park 79 is an older building and I'm sure every room is different and there will be some quirks within those rooms.We booked a room with a double bed and a private bath. The room was small, but not cramped and we were not tripping over each other or our luggage. We had two nightstands, the double bed, a padded bench at the end of the bed, an armoire with TV and storage drawers, a writing desk, and a closet with hangers and an ironing board. There was an in-room safe located in one of the nightstands. The bathroom was small but functional, though some hooks to hang things would have been helpful. It had a pedestal sink with shelf, mirror, and blow dryer; a full-sized tub with shower and sliding glass doors that had handles from which to hang towels; and a toilet with towel shelves above.Our room faced the side of the building next door, so street noise wasn't an issue. I did find the hallways to be very loud due to the hardwood floors. They're original and beautiful, but noisy when people are walking by and create an echo.The front desk staff were helpful and friendly as were the doormen. Coffee and tea are available in the lobby each morning. The neighborhood is fabulous and an easy walk to subway stops, tons of restaurants, and Central Park. We only used the room to sleep and get ready in the morning--we were out and about the rest of the time. This hotel is fine for those purposes. This is not a luxury hotel to lounge around in all day and that is why it is priced the way it is. I hope this review was helpful.	
Apr 23 2007	Great Cheap Place To Stay	This is a great little hotel. It is located on 79th Street and Columbus. The Natural History Museum was 2 minutes walk. Although it is in the Upper West Side, there was absolutely no problem getting around, as there were two subway stations within 5 minutes walk. It was actually better staying away from the madness that is Midtown. The room cost £100 per night, including taxes, for a couple. This gave us a room with its own bathroom. The room was clean, the bedding pristine white and remained so for the whole of our stay. So many hotels have awful floral bedding, this just felt lovely and clean. The room was big enough for the two of us and came with an iron, ironing board and hairdryer. The bathroom had a toilet, washbasin, shower and a small bath. There was a plug in the bathroom for a hairdryer or shaver.Staff at the hotel were very pleasant and we had absolutely no complaints. It is not a five star hotel, but it was totally fine for a holiday that involved lots of sight seeing and very little time in the room.We were able to spend a week in New York relatively cheaply.	
Apr 21 2007 	Location worth more than the price but not the room!	We chose Park 79 because of the location and for that we would give it 4 stars. The website is deceiving though - the rooms do not look like the one example they give. (OK, maybe one room might look like that!) Even so, once we saw our room we knew we payed too much for this place. Having stayed in NY many times, we automatically knew that anything under $200 a night is by chance. This was our first time staying here. The entry and foyer were presentable and the doorman was very accommodating. Can't say the same for the reservation clerk though. We liked the looks of the outside but our first impressions were dashed once we got to our room. Small is being kind! I kid you not, the room was no larger than 10x10 feet and within that cubical they had managed to squeeze in a tiny bathroom just large enough to back into the toilet then go forward 2 steps into a cubical shower, squeezing past the tiny sink in the process. No place to hang towels, NO closet. Our double bed was shoved over in the corner against the wall with about 3 feet of space to move about at the bottom of the bed past the only open side to the bed. . Traveling on the cheap in New York City does have its up-side, however - the $140+ dollars we saved at the 79 was spent going to the opera! Bottom line: an OK cheap place to stay for the buck. Good location to stay at night but get out of there during the day or you will go nuts stepping over your luggage which takes up all the empty space surrounding the bed!	
Apr 14 2007	over priced!!	First on the plus side, the hotel was in a great location near central park and the subway,rooms were basic but clean,doorman was extremely friendly and helpful however the lady at the front desk reception was curt,not friendly,rude and not very helpful,noise from the street was dreadful and woke up on my last night (thankfully not my first night) 2 see a mouse in my room in the bin which had the remains of a chocolate bar inside... was frankly disgusted and rang reception? A man finally appeared asked if I wanted to change rooms (of course I did) but did not offer to help carry my bags or apologise in any way-just stated it was new york what could you do? Did not get an apology or even a reduction in price or anything? Bathrooms were filthy and some without locks...	
Apr 6 2007	Excellent thanks to Nelson!	We reserved through Park 79 website and were given a terrible room. The window was broken, there was no heat , horrilbe street nosie and a draft coming from the window plus a shared bathroom, BUT after discussing our concerns with NELSON, the person in charge of the frontdesk, he upgraded us to a SUPERIOR room, No shared bathroom, which we had not booked, instead we recieved a private bathroom, 2 beautiful double beds, a tranquil and quiet room with private bath with no extra charge - Nelson was the best - extemely accomodating, helpful during our entire stay, a great guide for New York and Taxi Cabs - ABSOLUTELY THE BEST. Would go there again, in a second, if Nelson is there to serve us. He was extraordinary. I would recommend this hotel without any hesitation, as long as NELSON was in charge. He cares and he looks after you like you're family. FIVE STARS - THE BEST - THANK YOU NELSON!! (from Catherine and Katie in Canada - first and best visit from Canada - thanks for looking out for us!! You're the best!!)	
Apr 1 2007	Excellent hotel for an affordable price	I received some of the best customer service of my life at Park 79. The staff was so friendly, accomodating and willing to help with directions, travel services or anything else. I had a standard room with a double bed. The room was very clean, and there were nice soft sheets and a down comforter on the bed. There is a nice size bathroom with wonderful toiletries provided. There is free wireless internet and a safe in the room to hold your computer while you are away. The location was spectacular on the Upper West SIde, near the Natural History Museum, Central Park, the subway, and countless wonderful restaurants and bars. The hotel is close to the famous Zabar's, and also a great Jewish deli named Artie's. There is satellite tv in the room, and the rooms were nicely appointed with furniture. The bed was so comfortable, I almost thought I was home! I plan on making many repeat trips here, and highly recommend to all.	
Mar 28 2007 	Very impressed with this hotel.	Ok after reading some of the reviews on here I was getting a bit apprehensive about what we would find at Park 79 (dog pee smells?!). Anyway, so I was preparing myself to not be too impressed. How wrong I was!The doorman on duty were always friendly and polite and helpful. As were the staff at the desk. There was a sort of youngish guy who was really chatty and bubbly. Our room was on the 5th floor. What a nice room it was! Just everything I needed, a big comfy bed and a tv. Oh and a mirror! There was an area for hanging some clothes and a chest of drawers aswell as a safe. The bathrooms were great, obviously recently put in, great big showers that were really powerful. Staff were always friendly and helped us out. Our room didnt come with a hairdryer but we asked if we could borrow one and it was no problem. I really liked this hotel. The decor, the staff and the location are all great. For what I paid for my stay here, it was great value for money. I would certainly stay here again and recommend it to anyone. There seemed to be a wide range of people staying here too. The surrounding area is so nice aswell, felt really safe at night and was quiet.Loved it loved it loved it!	
Mar 24 2007 	Good Value for Money	I booked directly through the hotel website, and stayed 2 nights with my wife. The room was very clean and recently renovated, although the building looked old. Staffs were very friendly. Location is also good: silent and convenient, close to 2 subway stations and Central Park.It's not a very gorgeous hotel, but certainly good value for money. We will stay again.	
Mar 22 2007	Mixed Feelings	I was commended to this hotel by a business associate. I had a trip to new york City, and I was told it was affordable and in a great location in the city. The hotel is A+ in tidiness. services good. I would recommend it to anyone. though I due have to admit that some of the staff are somewhat to be desired. On Sat 17 2007 the person on duty that night was visibly intoxicated and very sloppy I don't know If he was coming on to me or selling himself to me. I Spoke to the clerk on duty in the morning. for which they told me to contact management. that night he had told me he was the manager. To sum It up, the hotel is in an awesome location, very clean, but watch out for come-ons	
Mar 21 2007 	Great base for exploring NY	We stayed at Park 79 for 4 nights in January and would reccomend it to anyone looking for a base in NY. We were very happy staying there as it was close to 2 underground stations, restaurants, shops and Centra Park however If you are looking to spend much time in the hotel you could be dissapointed.The hotel is quite basic and has no bar/restaurant etc however our small room was nicey furnished and was quiet and clean. The bathroom was modern and had a nice powerful and hot shower. The view from our window was a brick wall but for the price we paid we didn't expect great views of the city plus who wants to be sat looking out of the window when there is the whole of New York to explore?The staff we not overly friendly but for the small contact we needed with them it really didn't matter.	
Mar 16 2007 	You'll love this hotel	Not only does the Park 79 Hotel have adorable rooms at a fantastic location, but their staff is one-of-a-kind. Both Nelson at the Front Desk, and Dallas at the Front Door were so helpful, with a warm and friendly attitude, that they helped me enjoy a long business trip. I understand why this hotel has so many return visitors.	
Mar 8 2007 	the best staff	This hotel has the kindest staff. It is affordable and extremely clean. The location cannot be beaten. It is in a wonderful neighborhood. It is just a nice size and I repeat, the staff are outstanding. We have returned again &amp; again &amp; consider it our home in N.Y.C. Holly &amp; Jim from Nova Scotia	
Mar 5 2007	Great Value-Great Service	It starts with Nelson, the friendly front of the house manager. He welcomes you and gets you settled in your room - or has the courteous bellman stow your bags if you're early. My first room faced the dreaded elevator shaft. Within minutes - really - I was in a new room with an open view. My small room was, well, small but it was clean and the bathroom quite modern. Amenities in the bath were good. It's a fantastic location with a wonderful spirit at the front desk. Got great recommendations for restaurants, including places real people like to eat, Cafe con Leche on Amsterdam for example. As a person who buys cheap hotels in NYC regularly, this was at the top of the heap. Thank you Nelson and friends for making it such a wonderful stay.	
Feb 27 2007	Great hotel!	We had a great time in New York! The hotel staff was knowledgeable, helpful, professional and fun! They made the stay very nice and made excellent recommendations for touring in the city. The hotel room was very small, but clean. The hotel location is perfect for walking to many of the major sites or catching the city transportation. Although we had to share a bathroom with other guests, it really did not pose a major problem. Just a minor inconvenience. We would stay there again!Say hello to Dallas when you stay there. Great doorman and bell hop!	
Feb 26 2007 	Park 79 - Great Location Awesome Price Great Service Clean	I stayed at Park 79 the week of Valentine's Day in New York. I actually got snowed in and had to stay an extra night. Park 79 is perfect for someone looking for an inexpensive way to enjoy New York City. The rooms are super clean and look recently renovated. They are not the largest of rooms but I had a super comfy bed. The staff is wonderful and friendly. Enjoy your stay...I am sure you won't be disappointed. And yes, the location in the Upper West side is great as well.	
Feb 25 2007	Real Hospitality in New York	From the doorman's initial friendly greeting to the front desk clerk's smiling &quot;we'll do whatever we can to help you&quot; attitude I knew this was a special place. It's a small boutique hotel on 79th Street across the street from the Natural History Museum, a ten-minute walk to Lincoln Center, and just a block or so from public tranportation.The interior is like a townhouse, replete with poilished hard-wood floors, wood moldings and exposed brick throughout. My room had a fireplace. While the rooms are not overly large, they're very comfortable, have large screen TV's and compact tile bathrooms and are operating room clean. In short, the Park 79's friendly, professional staff were a revelation and I'll be back as soon as I can.	
Feb 23 2007 	Cost-effective way to stay in Manhattan	The title says it all. This is a very good basic hotel that met all our needs. The room was tiny and we had to ask for adequate heat (which came soon enough); but one doesn't go to Manhattan to hang around one's hotel room.	
Feb 3 2007 	Pleasantly surprised by the Park 79	As many others have written, this is a nice, affordable little hotel in NYC. I was pleasantly surprised that there was a doorman (during the day and evening in addition to the desk clerk) who took my luggage at noon and held it until I came back at 6:30pm to check in. Staff were all friendly and helpful. My room was recently renovated and the bed was clean and comfortable (with 4 pillows!). The room and bathroom (and nice towels) were all clean and decent. It is not luxe. I stayed in January - lots of heat (too much in fact so I had to open the window) but in July it could be tough without air-conditioning. Location is reasonably convenient with the subway less than 2 blocks away and busses coming uptown on Amsterdam and downtown on Columbus. The rooms are small and earplugs recommended if you are a light sleeper. Clientele seemed pretty international - nice people from many places in NYC on a budget. Free coffee in the morning in the lobby was a nice touch.	
Feb 2 2007	A Special Little Gem	The Park 79 Hotel on West 79th Street (located on the Upper West Side of Manhattan) is a special little gem. It is across from the American Museum of Natural History, in addition, to being near fashionable shops, really good restaurants, two subway lines &amp; bus lines. What really impressed me though was the staff. Under all circumstances they were very professional, attentive, gracious and more than willing to accommodate our requests. It is a direct reflection on the management of this property. It made for a very pleasant and memorable experience. For NYC, I especially consider this hotel a special gem due to their rates, charming accommodations and friendly staff. I would not hesitate to recommend Park 79!	
Jan 29 2007	Quaint lovely small hotel	Great location, renovated property that still has old world charm. The hotel staff could not have been more accomodating. The room was large and comfortable. Beautiful bathroom.	
Jan 21 2007 	Perfect hotel that more than did the job.	I was really worried about staying at this hotel having read the reviews on this website. Maybe it was due to the bad reviews that had been written that i was happily suprised at how nice the hotel was. The rooms are small but very comfy beds, perfectly good working bathroom and t.v with quite a few channels. The location is perfect and i highly reccomend a tea shop called Alice's Tea Cup - Its great. Its 2 blocks (i think) down from the hotel and does the best sandwiches,tea,scones,cakes,cookies - everything. The room we had was with a private bathroom but having had a slight situation with a blocked toilet we did have to use the one next door which is used for 'shared bathroom' guests. It was perfectly clean and tidy - they provide air freshener and it was obvioulsy well kept. This sould have been down to the cleanliness of the guests using it of course but i thought it really was fine. The toilet was unblocked within 24 hours (on new years day too so this was quite good) and the problem never occured again. We didnt experience any bad smells or unmaid beds, the carpet was clean and we were given fresh towels everyday. I do agree that some of the reception staff have a little customer service issues but given the short amount of time you are in the hotel i feel it would be a waste of money to pay for a better hotel. However the doormen were very helpful (getting us a taxi when we were going home, helping with bags etc) and the maids were exceptional. Stupidly we left our save open one days full with camera's, money, passports, tickets and credit cards and upon returning the whole lot were still there. I really do feel some of the reviews about this hotel are unfair but it does depend on what you expect from a hotel i suppose. If you want a Ritz or Plaza type hotel then this really wouldnt be the place to come but if you want a holiday inn type hotel then this is the place. Girls, if your anything like me I am always a bit worried of where im going to stay where as my boyfriend is a lot more relaxed - and i did have some reservations about this hotel but i can assure you there really is nothing to worry about. It is slighly loud at night with noisy people talking loudly in the corridoors but then people should also be a little more considerate. Oh and a tip - the room did get quite warm and radiators cannot be turned down. Leave the bathroom (if you have one) light on - it makes the fan work which is a bit like air con!!! But to be honest we were so tired from shopping,sightseeing and walking that this was only a problem for the first night and then sleep was not a problem for the rest of the stay. Please do email me if you have any questions.	
Jan 15 2007 	Hands up you got me!	If you love the smell of dog pee then this is the place for you. Don't be fooled by the pictures like we were. Actually on second inspection you can see in teh pictures the beds are not even made right. Very untidy to say teh least. Lady at reception was more intent to browse the lonely hearts colums and the doorman found it amusing to watch people struggle with baggage while he wated for the lift which took like 20mins to go 7 floors!!We downsized from the hilton for an extra 2 nights and it was a big mistake. The only thing this place has going for it is the location, end of. The carpets were rediculous. My girlfriend was afraid to walk barefoot incase she picked up a nasty infection.The evening shift staff were a little more friendly but that aint good enough really. It's one big pile of bantha poodoo. avoid at all costs. There is lots more nicer places than this for the price.	
Jan 7 2007 	Friendly clean and one of the cheaper options in NY	We had already booked our stay at Park79 when we read the review on this site about 'wet dog smell'. We got pretty worried at that point but knew that we wouldn't find anywhere else to stay that was cheap enough so close to new year.When we arrived, the reception was clean and modern with really friendly staff. When we got to the room, it was really clean and had a new bathroom suite. Granted the room and bathroom were pretty small but you're not supposed to spend much time in your hotel when you in NEW YORK!!! The main thing was it was spotless.Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and if you found your room to be a bit ropey, i'm sure the staff would help you out with another one if you didn't storm down there shouting the odds. Being a stroppy idiot doesn't get you anywhere!	
Dec 11 2006 	Good Value for Money	I had a pleasant stay at the Park 79 Hotel for a long weekend in early December. I traveled solo, and chose the hotel based on the cost and location (no single supplement and located on the Upper West Side within walking distance of the Natural History Museum and 2 subway stations).The room I stayed in was a single room, which was small, clean with bare walls, and sparsely furnished. In this type of room expect a single bed (fluffy pillows and duvet), TV, dresser, hanging space (I didn’t get a wardrobe), sink and iron with iron board. Don’t expect tea/coffee making facilities, a refrigerator or a desk with a chair.Because the room I opted for was a semi private single room, I had to share a bathroom (my choice). There are two bathrooms (really shower rooms) on each floor, and even though the hotel was fully booked, the bathroom on my floor was never occupied when I needed it and was always spotless with hot running water. If you are going for this option, just remember to take a robe and slippers with you to preserve your modestly (if need be)!You have to pay for the number of nights you stay on arrival, so bear this in mind. Make sure that you request a receipt during this time.Freshly made coffee is available each morning in the small reception area. I decided to pass on this, as there are numerous breakfast/coffee options on Amsterdam Avenue or try World Coffee, which is on the corner of 80th and Columbus and a 2 minute walk away from the hotel.The staff are very curteous and helpful and even agreed to let me have a shower after I had checked out (check out time is 11:00), as my flight was later on that evening. The downside of staying in this particular hotel was that the walls are very thin (remember to bring earplugs just in case). Also, my curtain was quite didn’t quite cover my window, so bring an eye pad. Guests slam doors at all hours and my room was terribly overheated even though I turned the radiator down. There is only one lift and it takes forever to travel up and down the seven floors. If you want to save time, walk if you can!If you want luxury then stay at one of the hip hotels or the more traditional 5 star hotels, otherwise bear in mind that the hotel is very basic and doesn’t have the mod cons that you find it the chain hotels.There are no add-ons with this hotel (no restaurant, spa, newspapers, laundry service), but expect great value accommodation and the New York will give you the rest of what you’re seeking.	
Dec 4 2006 	Thumbs up	Best time of my life..easy shopping as well as conveniently located in the city. There's nothing more than having an all girls weekend at a cute affordable hotel. Everyone knows how NY can be very pricey. So with all that being said and done...Thank you Park 79 for making my hotel stay in NYC a wonderful experience. Local restuarants and hotel staff were pleasant and make sure my room was clean. See you next summer!	
Dec 4 2006 	Scam Allert: A very expensive real dump	We booked the hotel through our travel agent, after looking at the website of the hotel. On the web-site it looked pretty nice and cozy, and the location looked ok. Our travel agent found us a room for 314.16 USD per night!! Once we arrived there it was a shock: the hotel is a dump and the guy at the reception wanted us to pay upfront for the whole stay (he said it's the policy of the hotel...). We thought it was weird and told him we would have paid only for the night. We take the elevator in order to go to the room: it was small, really dirty with a &quot;wet dog smell&quot;. The room and the corridor looked really bad: the parquet on the floor is full of stains and everything looks old and dirty. The room is a shoebox, the bathroom is a nightmare. We didn't stay, we looked for another hotel and left 1 hr later. They charged for the night though. 314.16 USD for a really really really bad room in a 2 star hotel!	
Dec 2 2006 	pretty simple	My friends &amp; I stood at Park 79 hotel for a week. The hotel is located in the center of everything. The welcoming upon arriving @ the hotel was outstanding &amp; cheerful. The staff was excellent; Housekeeping A+. The room was a little small for 4 ladys but it was fabulous. The restaurant around the corner OCEAN GRILL the BEST food ever. &quot;Like the receptionist @ the front says &quot;Arigato (Thank You) PARK 79 Hotel for a safe &amp; wonderful stay. Sayonara (Good-bye).	
Nov 27 2006	Very very Bad!!!! Don't be fooled by the pictures!!!!	My fiancée and I took a look at the reception and were already disapointed and when we went up to the rooms the smell of our floor was terrible! Like pee! The room was horific! We emediatly left and looked for another hotel. We found one 1 hour later and they still made us pay 1 night!! VERY depressing place!!	
Nov 23 2006 	Very dissapointing	I am just home from a 3 night stay in Park 79 hotel. From reading the reviews on this site I was expecting basic accomodation in a friendly atmosphere. I got the basic but not the friendly. I had been travelling from Ireland for 12 hours and so was exhausted and looking forward to resting in my room. Check in time is 3pm. I arrived at 2.45 but the room wasn't ready, which is fine. The girls at reception chatted amongst themselves in spanish for a good 5 minutes before making eye contact with me, the only customer there. Then they told me the room wasn't ready. I asked when it would be, one girl said at 3 and the other added &quot;ish&quot; and they both had a good laugh. So I wandered around for half an hour and returned to the room still not ready. Again I asked when I could expect to get into my room and with a sigh was told &quot;about 15 minutes&quot;. Eventually got into the room at 3.40. First thing I needed to do was make a call to the friend I was visiting in NY. Phone didn't work. Eventually it was fixed after an hour. I had booked a room with shared bath. In 4 days I never once had hot water in the shower. At one point I walked into the bathroom to find one of the chambermaids using the facilities. The bedroom was tiny but clean. The windows didn't open and the heating could not be regulated so it was like a sauna most of the time. Also the walls were like paper. The room swipe key was tempermental and at one point I was locked out of my room in just a towel and had to go searching for someone to reopen it. On the up side the location is fantastic. And the price of a sngle room is not bad by New York standards, I paid approx $ 170 per night for a single. And the outside noise isn't bad. The doormen are quite pleasant but the reception staff are rude and unhelpful. On balance, I would never stay in this hotel again. There must be better out there. If you are going for a short stay and can afford it, it would be better to pay out a bit extra for a nicer experience.	
Nov 7 2006 	Great location in safe area with good restaurants!	The Park 79 is 1/2 block from the Museum of Natural History, a block from the glorious array of restaurants on Amsterdam and 2 blocks from the subway stop. In other words its in a great location. I was traveling with my teen daughter and we loved walking at night through the restaurants on Amsterdam. She spotted two minor &quot;stars&quot; which made her stay. The hotel is recently renovated, overpriced (they all are) and very well staffed. It is pretty basic, but the rooms though tiny ,are very comfortably equipped (marble showers, down comforters with crisp white covers), and well maintained. I reserved a room with bath, but the hall bathroom was next door,. If I had to do it again, I might consider renting a room without a bath. The hotel is an easy subway ride to anywhere and a quick bus or taxi ride to the shops on the upper east side. We loved it.!	
Sep 18 2006 	Very good Value for Money	Hotel is very good value for money. I had booked the single room with shared bath. The room was small but very clean. The bed was very comfortable. The wireless high speed internet worked great. The shared bathroom was clean and always empty; though this could have been because I got up at 6am. The room did not have a hair dreyer but had an ironing board and iron. You can hear a little bit of your neighbour's noise but overall the hotel is quiet. Seems to be predominantly used by business people and quiet tourists. The location is great if you like to experience a nice Upper Westside NYC neighbourhood. If you want to be in the middle of noisy Manhattan then this hotel is not for you. I will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 17 2006 	Overpriced and not all it's cracked up to be	The location is great, a trendy uppwe West Side neighborhood, neat restaursants, the park, museums, etc. Staff was pleasant. There is free Wi-Fi throughout. It seemed clean, but the rooms were extremely small, the bathrooms dark and really tiny. The lighting was either overhead glare or insufficient bedstand. The beds were OK with big fluffy duvets. The biggest complaint - $259 plus tax. Had it been $149 it would have been a good value. Otherwise I'd look elsewhere.	
Sep 17 2006 	grat location for a reasonable price	if you want to hit manhattan on budget expense for your overnight stay the park79 is the place. stayed at the property in september 2006 for $124 (incl. tax) in a single room. shared bathroom is an ok choice. it is the trade-off for cheap room price. and if you go for a lengthy shower in the evening - instead of the following morning as all the other guests do anyway - you find the shower clean and empty.the room was fairly clean but the walls are made of paper. so take your earplugs with you... just in case your neighbors decide to start arguing or any other sort of activity in the middle of the night. the property is very conveniently located both if you arrive by rental car and return it at west 77 st or by subway. both are a quick 3 minute walk away from the hotel. staff are very friendly and helpful. all in all: considering the location in manhattan (upper west side) the park79 is great value for a budget price.	
Aug 20 2006	Great Stay AT Park79	We had a wonderful stay at Park79. The staff was very courteous and professional. They were always eager to accommodate us.	
Aug 18 2006 	Nice no frills but still $150	We stayed for 2 nights in room 606 which was a double room with shared shower. The room was sufficient for the mere 8 or so hours we spent a night in it. All the furnishings were very nice and the mattress was really comfortable. TV worked fine as well. We paid a special summer rate of $150 (including tax) which I know is a good rate by NY standards but it still disgusts me to have to pay so much for so little!!The bathroom was almost the size of our room with lovely dark tiles, good lighting and good plumbing with immediate hot water. But, it was insufficiently furnished with 1 towel rail that is no where near the shower, 1 very small glass shelf above the sink and no hooks for clothes or bathrobe etc. The shower was large but it only had one tiny soap dish and no where to put shampoo etc except for the floor... There was no steam vent except for the open window which is unfortunately visible to other rooms.The day time desk attendant was very nice, friendly and helpful but the evening woman was really rude. We were told at noon that we may be upgraded (free) but when we checked-in later on the woman said it would cost us $40 extra. It was obvious that rooms were available but she didn't want to honor the upgrade. When I booked the rooms I requested that the 2 rooms be on the same floor but the hotel didn't honour this request either so we had to share the bathroom with complete strangers. One morning the toilet was blocked, the next day it was unflushed...yuck!!The staff let us store our bags after check out and even let our friends take a shower at 8pm when they came back to retrieve their bags. We were really close to 3 train lines, the museums and Central Park. Best of all was Amsterdam Ave where I had breakfast for half the money that I spent when staying near Times Square in May.	
Jul 28 2006 	Two words for my next NYC trip...Hotel Chain!!!!!!!!!!!!	I saw this hotel/motel on Orbitz. The pictures portrayed a tiny and quaint hotel. WRONG!!! After four days, a rat appeared on the night stand and we ended up checking out earlier than expected. We checked into another hotel for the remaining three days. I know rats and NYC go together, it's expected...BUT, I don't want one in close proximity while I'm resting after a long day out in the city.We were there April 2005.	
Jul 17 2006	Good budget hotel	My husband and another couple stayed at the Park 79 hotel from July 8th - 11th and again from the 12th-15th.We chose this hotel because the room was a set price and it was a great deal for 4 people. Most other hotels I searched had no deal if two couples were sharing a room.The hotel was well located and the rooms were fine. We stayed in 2 suites while we were there. 518 had a tiny bathroom with a VERY dark shower. 418 had a full bathroom and was well laid out. If you are looking for a suite I would specifically ask for 418.The rooms were clean and the hotel was very quiet. I never heard other guests and the hotel was fully booked. The neighbourhood was great. We loved our daily walk by the museum of Natural History to the subway stop. Central park is also very close and there are tons of restaurants around. (I suggest Big Nicks on Amsterdam if you want a real crazy NY experience).The only thing I didn't like about the hotel was the front desk service. We had to pay for the room upon check in (which I thought was bizarre) and once we checked out on the 11th the man working that morning was debating with me that I had not paid for the room. He kept me at the desk as he shuffled through papers trying to prove that I had not paid. I finally showed him my visa receipt and offered to phone Visa so he could hear from them that I had paid but he finally let me go! This was ridiculous and really wasted my time. I feel there were better ways to deal with this problem and that he was really not listening to his customer. I am a big believer in good customer service and this small experience really left a bad taste in my mouth.Overall I would recomend this hotel for its location and good price. If you want great service this isn't the place for you.L	
Jul 11 2006	Amazing Hotel	We stayed at Park 79 Hotel fromJune 6-10th. Our room was upgraded and it was wonderful. the trip was a graduation gift to my daughter. She slept on the sleeper sofa. the first night we had trouble getting the bed out from the couch and from that night on, the bed was always pulled out for us when we returned. The neighborhood is peaceful. We never heard any of the other guests nor any traffic noise. Across the street from the hotel is a small little deli/store with great tuna sandwiches. The hotel is close to Rays Pizza (definitely a trip) and one block up to Amsterdam are two delis which we ate at every morning. This hotel is wonderful to stay at. You get a feel of a New York neighborhood. We watched everyone each morning, the parents taking their kids to school, it was great. Also, talk to the locals at the delis, they gave us great recommendations for restaurants. H&amp;H bagels is one more block up on Broadway. Krums (wonderful cupcake bakery - biggest cupcakes I have ever seen) is also on Amsterdam. It was a good location for the buses and short walks to columbus, amsterdam and broadway. Taking the bus was great you really get to see the city this way. the bus ride to Lincoln Center is just five minutes away. We would definitely stay here again. The staff was incredible, very helpful, friendly, and just great. By the way, never saw any rodents or bugs as a review mentioned earlier (not sure what they were talking about). The rooms were very clean, the carept especially, the bathrooms were big enough, and the beds were very comfortable.	
Jun 22 2006 	They treated me well.	I recently spent four nights in the Park 79. I had intended to spend five, but was trapped in Key Largo and had to postpone my arrival. When I called the hotel I spoke with Nelson and told him I would arrive one day later than planned. When I checked in the next day, I was told that since I had not checked-in the night before my entire reservation had been cancelled. There was no record of my call. After about 20 minutes, a room was found for the night. It was an un-remodeled smoking room with a shared bathroom. Nonetheless, I had a place to stay. The next morning I talked with the manager Ms. Blake. She found the man I had talked to and confirmed that I had called. It was clearly their mistake. I was not charged for the first night and was moved to a larger room than I had reserved for the same rate. They cleaned it quickly and I was able to move right away. While the confusion was frustrating, they handled the situation very professionally. The room is very pleasant and contemporary with a good internet connection. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 21 2006 	Excellent Experience	This hotel was an incredible deal. My room faced the back and was very quiet (#508). I stayed in a single-room , shared bath with a double bed. Features I enjoyed:-The TV included cable and had extremely clear pictures on most channels. -I had no problems with the Internet whatsoever. -The room was incredibly clean.-Included an amazing Kholer-style wood sink with inlayed porcelain basin. -Closet and two in-room safes which both worked as well as a iron and ironing board. -Sumptuous towels - nice Turkish cotton and fluffy (**** quality). -The carpet was clean and so were the sheets. -Excellent overhead light as well as a smaller light by the bed. -Curtains in the room were tasteful.-The staff was incredbly helpful and friendly. They clearly enjoy their job. -Though catching the shared bath at the right time was somewhat tricky, the bath itself was incredibly clean, included towel racks to hang your towels on, good lighting, and extra toilet paper. Each shared bath is done in the same black tile as the private baths and is quite handsome. Think W Hotel on a budget. That's how I'd describe this hotel. I will stay there again for sure. 2 blocks from the subway, and 1 block from Central Park. Northwest Restaurant is right around the corner if you want to go upscale, and slightly cheaper is Isabella's one block down on Columbus. 10 minute subway ride to Penn Station. Perfect. The only negative thing I can say about this hotel is that in the morning it is noisy as people slam their doors shut (so bring ear plugs if you are sensitive to that) and check out is at 11 am. Note: If you are a romantic couple looking for a &quot;deal&quot; but don't care about sparse surroundings this is perfect - upgrade to a suite. If you are a single person hanging in NY with friends or visitng NY with friends, this is ideal. Don't expect flash, however. Clean, simple, friendly, comfortable, yes. Flashy, upscale? Yes, for a budget traveler, no, for the romantics.	
Jun 16 2006 	Rennovated....but not fixed	We (2 couples) stayed at the newly &quot;rennovated&quot; park 79 in June taking two seperate single rooms. We stayed three nights, and over our stay we paid $245 per night on average. My first impression is that they &quot;rennovated&quot; it to raise room rates, but didn't quite fix everything. We saw both rooms (one on 5th floor, and the other on 6th) so my comments reflect the condition of both. Mind you, there were no pests visable, but if that is your benchmark for a quality establishment then you should really consider raising your expectations. In short, the hotel was &quot;rennovated&quot; simply because there were too many complaints of duct-tape repairs and critters roaming the floors; but they stopped short of making the rooms as good as the rate commands. They have cleaned up the property...there's no doubt of that, it's just that they only cleaned and could have (and still can) really improve the existing space. The good:-great location in quiet neighborhood (close to park and subway)-fresh paint, linen, and some other newer elements to the rooms-newly done washrooms* (see below)-new T.V. but it should be on wall-mounted bracket-coffee in lobby in the A.M. but no pastry-free wireless internet in roomsThe rest:-Walls &amp; Ceilings so thin you can hear phone rings, conversations, TV and see the light in some cases without making any effort at all.-Elevator is guest &amp; service in one, so you may have to wait 10 minutes plus while linen and luggage is transported through the day-&quot;closet&quot; is a small bar behind the door with no closet door-Carpet in rooms is thinner than astroturf on a mini-putt putt course and might as well have been just a paper towel. Floors in halls are chipped and chunks are missing in places-No desk or work space at all...not even for a laptop-couples have to decide who sleeps against the wall as the room size is barely wider than the &quot;full&quot; bed plus 3 or 4 feet on one side, and shoved into a corner on the other-LADIES BEWARE all mirrors are at shoulder/chest height so you have to stand on the bed to check your outfit-Bathroom is new, but no soapdish at sink or shower, no light in shower stall, no tub, no clearance to fully open shower door, and no towel rack makes you wonder why they bothered to begin with. The dark tile with no light makes it look like a cave, and impossible for wives to apply make-up without guessing. Could be solved with a sconce or two.-No plugs in room. Charge your laptop and phone(s)?....unplug a lamp to do it.-Window AC unit are signaling &quot;filter replace&quot; and are noisier than a lawnmover though the night.-no amenities (soda/vending/ice/etc.) although there are a hairdryer and safe in roomsIN CLOSING:All in all, the hotel provides little more than a bed and TV with a dark bathroom, a paper thin room, and no room to do any business including meeting anyone in the &quot;lobby&quot; (only 2 chairs). I know there are better hotels for the money, but there are also worse....just do your homework, and maybe this review will help. I would be hard pressed to stay at this hotel again, which is too bad as I loved the location and access to area.	
Jun 14 2006	We loved Park 79!	We spent 4 nights at Park 79 in NYC and were very pleased with the room and the area.We had planned on staying in a semi-private room, but up graded to a private room when we arrived. The room was a nice size and was very clean. The building is over 100 years old and the lobby and hallways still have the charm of that era. The rooms have been updated nicely. The people that work there were very friendly and helpful. Since the hotel is small, we felt like we got personal attention. The location was great. It's about 2 blocks from the subway, bus stop, and Central Park. Our stay was excellent, and we would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 30 2006	Good Value	We stayed at Hayden on a weekend in April 2006 and everything was OK. We paid US$ 189 for a double room with private bath. Even tough the hotel is pretty simple (do not wait luxury or convenience) it worked very well with a reasonable room and good prices for staying at NYC. This is a budget hotel - if this is what you are looking for, go ahead. Otherwise keep away from it.	
Apr 23 2006	You pay for the location...like in Paris France!	It's just like staying in a hotel in Paris, France when you don't want to spend more than $150/night and you'd better book it with Hotel or you pay even more money if you book your room directly with them.The room was very small with the minimum furniture. No frames on the walls, the carpet was thin and very old and the blanket on the bed was paper thin. But when you're in New York, you are in and out fortunately...because you would go insane in that room!	
Apr 15 2006	Petite But Comfy	We stayed at the Hayden Hotel in the beginning of April. As with some other posters, I was a little concerned about the possibility of uninvited quests. We had no problems at all with mice or roaches. Really, we had no problems at all. The hotel is quite compact from the lobby to the elevator to the rooms, but everything was spotless and tastefully decorated. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We were able to check our bags on our arrival and departure days since we arrived before check-in and wanted to spend some more time in the city after check-out. We actually found street parking the next street over for 2 days, so we were able to bypass the parking fee for half of our stay. There is a garage on 77th and Amsterdam where you can park and the hotel will validate to reduce the rate to $28/day. I get the feeling the normal rate was much higher.We booked the Standard Room with private bath. The room was clean and attractive. The double bed was comfortable. The room had no air conditioning, but I get the impression that is the norm. It was spring so we just opened the window. The wasn't much street noise. The bathroom was pretty funny. The sink overlapped the toilet, the shower door hit the sink with about 18&quot; of clearance and if the bathroom door was shut, you had about 12&quot; to get in. My husband had to open the bathroom door, get in the shower, then close it. The shower did take a while to heat up, but nothing too ridiculous. One tip for anybody who might wish to apply make-up: the lighting in the bathroom over the room's only mirror was not adequate, so bring a hand mirror to do it by the window or table lamp. The location was great. 2 blocks from Central Park and a block away from both the A line and the 1 line. There was a great restaurant on Columbus called Cafe Frida where we had some wonderful interior Mexican food and a fabulous hibiscis margarita. There was a pub on Amsterdam called McAleer's with a really cozy atmosphere, tasty fish and chips and friendly staff.We would definitely stay there again if we want a budget hotel.	
Apr 13 2006	Good Value for the Price	I stayed at The Hayden Hotel in April, 2006. I got a single room w/private bath. The bathroom was literally 3 ft. wide by about 12 ft. long but it was very clean, had new tile and new fixtures, and I was never without hot water. Showerhead was one of those typically weak, watersaver kinds found in most motels. I had 2 twin beds in my room even though I had requested a double bed but I didn't ask for a change because a twin was fine for me. One of the twin beds was hard as a rock. The other was a little softer but still too firm for my taste. The room was heated by radiator which worked fine and there is a window that opens when you need fresh air. I was on the 7th floor, very far from street noise so I slept well. The only noise problem I experienced was because the door to my room seemed to be too thin to keep the noise of guests in the halls out. I could hear people talking and walking to their rooms at 1, 2 and 4 in the morning but once they got inside their rooms the noise was gone.The lighting in my room was OK but the lightbulb in the bathroom was very dim. They did change it for me when I asked.My room cost $140 a night not including the ridiculous 14.5% city tax. For New York prices at the last minute, this was about the lowest price around. The Hayden is located 1 block from a 24-hour diner, 1 block from a 24-hour Duane Reade drugstore, and 2 blocks from the subway. A very convenient location!The room was small but clean. Night desk staff was more helpful and brighter than the day desk staff. I peeked into the shared bathrooms and they were very large and also very clean. I would stay there again and recommend this place to friends.	
Mar 24 2006	Hayden--Not the Four Seasons--But Whaddya Want?	Like other posters here, I was a bit apprehensive about staying at the Hayden for fear of encountering mice, roaches, and various and sundry other unwelcome critters. Happily, the only bedmate I had during the stay was my beautiful girlfriend, and she's always welcome.Yes, the rooms are small, but they're clean. The shared bathroom situation is no big deal, and if it's a problem for you, you should know that in advance and not stay here! Overall, the hotel compares favorably with other budget hotels of this type in NYC, although I have also stayed at the Belle Claire and think the latter hotel might be an even better value (similar size accommodations, similar prices, but fully renovated and swankier). In any event, the Hayden's strengths are many: clean rooms, comfortable beds, pleasant staff, nice location. What more could you ask for about a hundred bucks in Manhattan?	
Mar 7 2006	Nice-no mice!	I stayed in this hotel from 1-5 Feb with my boyf. We booked a double room with a private bathroom and requested a high floor by email (we got the 6th). I was really worried about coming here after retrospectively checking reviews having already booked the trip on Expedia (doh!). Anyways, we definitely did not encounter any mice, we did get 2 cockroaches, but it's a big building and they're refurbishing - what do you expect?!We both found the room to be really nice and cosy, especially during the night (although mild for the time of year it was the week before the snowstorms). It was clean and fresh towels and linen were provided every day. The bathroom was petite but perfectly formed and the shower was fine after letting it run for a few minutes.It was obvious that there was refurbishment on the lower floors (from when we took the stairs)but there was no real noise from this. We heard the odd person walking in the hallway, but this is a busy hotel in a good location in Manhattan. The location is great, it's convenient for the subway and bus stops, which you have to rely on (or taxis) to get to the main attractions. It did seem like a bit of drag waiting around for trains or buses, having previously stayed in a midtown location, however I've also stayed about another 20-30 blocks up on previous visits and in the Bronx, so by comparison the location is great. There are plenty of places to eat nearby (we liked EJ's and Good Enough To Eat on Amsterdam Ave). It's close to Central Park and the Museum of Natural History (We saw Ben Stiller filming over the road from there). Okay, the view from our hotel room wasn't great but I came to New York to see the sights in the flesh, not through my hotel room window.This hotel does not deserve the earlier bad reviews it has received, this is a nice clean basic hotel, if you're looking for the Waldorf Astoria then...well, go to the Waldorf Astoria. If however you're looking for a decent place to crash after pounding the sidewalks all day that's warm, comfortable (very comfy bed by the way), clean and has good transport links and local amenities then book this hotel. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who is looking to see New York on a budget and doesn't mind a bit of a walk or waiting for a bus or train to come along.	
Feb 18 2006	fab hotel	We stayed at the Hayden Hotel for 7 days for Valentines week. We stayed in room 711 and was very nice, we had our own bathroom - towles and beddding changed every day very clean!The room was quiet small thou, we were never in as so much to do. The hotel staff were very nice and helpfull. The room is very warm by raditors being on constally, good job as it was a snow storm while we were there.***I would def recommend this Hotel to all as very nice*********	
Feb 7 2006	Perfect for the price	You aren't coming to NYC to stay in your hotel all day...if by some chance you are coming to stay inside the whole time, then I wouldn't recommend the Hayden Hotel. But if you are like most people and all you need is a place to lay your head, then don't waste your money on expensive hotels and come stay at the Hayden. The room was small, as expected, but it had everything we needed. Not having a bathroom in the room isn't the most convenient, but livable. The location is excellent. This was our fist time to New York, and we fell in love with the Upper West Side. We saw a few celebs and ate at some great restaurants close by. Check out Sarabeth's for breakfast!	
Jan 30 2006	Great value for money	My boyfriend and i stayed in the Hayden Hotel for 5 nights, for my 21st birthday, this was our first trip to New York. We were quite nervous at what we might find after reading some previous reviews, but were really pleasently surprised and relieved when we arrived, to find friendly staff and a clean room. We stayed on the fourth floor, in a double room with a shared bath, sharing the bath room was not a problem, it was alway clean, with hot water, although you need to run the shower for a few minutes first and we never had to wait to use it on any occasion, our room was made up everyday, with fresh towels and bedding. Although the room was quite small, it was plenty big enough for us, with a sink and large tv, iron and ironing board all in the room. The hall ways were also kept really clean and we didn't ever hear any other guests. The location was perfect, being only 2 blocks from Central Park, and having lots of restaurants nearby, we felt really safe going out at night, and having the subway station so close was also really handy. I would definatly recommed this hotel.	
Jan 23 2006	Good Value (if you're okay with mice).	I was relieved when I finally arrived and found my first floor room to be very clean, and charming. After reading a few reviews, I was a little apprehensive about what I'd be walking into. True, the room was small, but there was still plenty of space to move around in. Even our private bathroom had a nice feel to it. Clean sheets and towels, iron, hair dryer, nice TV that worked... more than I can ask for at 110/night+tax in NYC.It was a nice stay overall, until this morning when I was woken up by a little mouse that ran his scratchy little paws over my chest. It scared the bejesus out of me. I still can't believe it had the audacity to come up onto bed and run over me. Well, that got me up and when I visited the bathroom, it was there again (or maybe it was his brother) hiding behind the toilet. I took the plunger, and tried to catch him in the cup, managing only to get my feet wet with residual plunger water. Then for the rest of the morning, I could here the mouse in the wall scratching or chewing or something. The worst part of it was that the front desk was not at all apologetic when informed of their extra guests. In fact, they were defensive, acting as if it were my fault for bringing to to their attention. At least I didn't get bitten by bedbugs, i guess. And at that price... who knows? I may come back.	
Jan 8 2006	Solid Deal Clean Historic Save $150 a Nite by Staying Here.	January 2006 -- Hayden is a solid NYC Lodging Deal, with atmosphere. We stayed on 5th floor. Rooms were small, clean, classy little vanity, sink, mirror, towels in room plus cable TV, phone, clock radio, iron &amp; ironing board...the usual hotel deal. Two common bathrooms per floor -- were well lit, new black slate walls and floors, roomy shower, clean. Hallways are restored, nice fixtures, floors creak quaintly, historic feel. The guest mix our week was quiet, considerate, polite. Hotel staff was very polite, helpful -- including maids, front desk, and doormen (yes there is a nice doorman usually). One can hear folks in the hall as they come and go...but only a tad more than usual. BYTW... the stairs are NOT scary...we used them a lot....they are well lit, open by each elevator (no doors), recently painted, remodeled. We noted that the second floor was occupied by Juliard students...a nice mix of grad students, and you wouldn't know they were there if you didn't accidently stop on the second floor.	
Jan 7 2006	Awful	We checked into our room and it looked like a prison cell. The beds were cast iron and hard and the walls were stark white. We had a shared bathroom in which the toilet was constantly blocked and the room smelled of mould. On the second night we returned to our room to find two mice running around and a family of cockroaches. We instantly went to reception and demanded a room change. The man on reception understood virtually no English which made the situation very difficult. After about an hour we were finally moved to another room which was a lot better. We spoke to other holiday makers at the hotel who had similar experiences to ours. It seemed the higher up the hotel your room was the better it was. I would never stay here again in a million years.	
Dec 23 2005	Just what we needed!	Stayed here in November for 7 nights and it was fine, had read some bad reviews and was worried and to be honest when I first arrived I was a bit unsure but the bedding and towlels were clean and fresh and the staff were friendly. The rooms aren't huge but ours on the 5th floor was big enough for two and although the water did take a while to heat we just popped it on for a bit before we got in (3-4 minutes). The reception staff were really friendly and helpful and although we didn't get the fridge we requested when we asked it was brought straight to our room (wasn't very clean though!). The area is great and there is a subway just a few minutes walk up the street which is really handy. We were looking at staying off Manhattan as it would have been cheeper but we are glad we stayed here and would stay again. I must recoment Lenny's for breakfast which i think is on the end of 74th street (or simply take a left out of the hotel, turn right down the main street and keep walking). Oh yeh watch the Deli over the road I'm sure he makes up the price of things on a daily basis!! all in all it's fine if you want to stay in a good location (very quiet), we were out all day just came back to sleep , take some good walking shoes! we had a great time out there, would recomend getting a rough guide or lonely planet guide as we found it a great help when planning what to do!!	
Dec 6 2005	Excellent Value!	Recently stayed at the Hayden Hotel on the Upper West Side in order to be near the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Route without having to try to make our way in to the city before the parade on Thanksgiving Day.It was an excellent location ~ close to Central Park ~ and I was able to find parking directly in front of the hotel. The staff was friendly, my reservations were in order, the room was clean (although small - but just fine for what we needed) and from our room we had a good view looking down on the entrance.I liked the historic appearance of the hotel, from the steps leading up to the front door to the hardwood flooring in the hallways. Very pretty. We didn't have a problem with the elevator. The stairs are adjacent so if it were a problem we would have used them.I highly recommend this hotel for the value and convenience.	
Dec 5 2005	Not bad....but not really a bargain.	My wife and I visit NYC 3-4 times a year. On the latest trip down(first week in Dec. '05) we decided that this time we'd try to visit Manhattan &quot;on a budget&quot; and booked the Hayden Hotel with mixed results.Our room was $209 with it's own bath. (be aware that some of the rooms are less but have a shared bath) The hotel itself is clean but, well, rather tired and worn. Bumps, dings and scratches,cover the walls and floors. Our room was small, even by New York standards,and during our 4 day stay we began to jokingly refer to it as &quot;the closet.&quot; As one reviewer wrote it is almost as big as a college dorm room.....almost. The bathroom was almost comical in its &quot;petiteness.&quot; (I could not wash my face in the tiny sink without dripping water all over the floor as the clearance from the bowl to the wall was so shallow.)Luckily both my wife and I are very thin so we were able to move around without too much fuss. ;-)The staff seemed friendly, but my wife and I know NYC well enough to not need much, if any, help from concierges, so we didn't interact too often with any of them. Now to be fair, we usually stay in hotels like the Kitano or City Club which are light years ahead of the Hayden in detail, comfort,service and amenities. Of course,however, the Kitano and City Club are also *significantly* higher in price.That said, this still leaves the Hayden in a very strange niche. The old saying &quot;You get what you pay for&quot; doesn't seem to apply here. It's too expensive for what it offers to be considered a &quot;true&quot; bargain and it seemingly offers no more than the chain hotels like those owned by Applecore Hotel for $40-50 less per night. ---So I can't quite figure out who Hayden's target audience is. Bargain hunters can do much better elsewhere, as can those seeking a hotel that is &quot;quaint,&quot; &quot;charming&quot; or even &quot;quirky.&quot;Bottom line: The Hayden is clean, and seemingly friendly; but tiny, bland, and a bit scruffy. It is neither a bargain or value and I would look elsewhere if one wanted to save money on their hotel in NYC.	
Nov 9 2005	Great value	This is the place to stay if you want great value and don't plan on spending much time in your room. I stayed 2 nights and was out of my room visiting friends and touring the city from 8 AM until late at night both days. I loved the location - safe, easy access to sites via walking, subway or cabs. My room (7th floor single/shared bath) was small and uninspired (what do you expect at those prices in NYC??) However, my room, the bathrooms and the hallways were clean at all times. The elevator was slow but I was never in a big hurry. The shower water did take a very long time to heat (maybe a 7th floor issue?) so I took cold showers but, otherwise, had no complaints. Haydee, at the front desk, was very accommodating and helpful, both at check in and during my stay. She allowed me to check in early since my room was ready when I arrived at noon and answered any questions I had about getting around town. It was the perfect choice for me, staying alone for a couple of nights. There are so many things to spend $$ on in NYC that this time I opted for those treats rather than an upscale hotel. Based on some earlier reviews, The Hayden exceeded my expectations!	
Nov 3 2005	Your college dorm room - with carpet	My husband and I stayed at the Hayden October 21 - 26, 2005. We arrived at 10:30 in the evening. The staff was pleasant and helpful, but the rooms were dingy, small, and character-free. Other than that, perfectly serviceable and clean. Great for the budget, not the best for romance. We decided that our next trip would involve a lodging upgrade - maybe the Lucerne down the street. The neighborhood is great - safe with good amenities and close to the subway. We fell in love with New York, but not with the Hayden. This place makes the Holiday Inn look like the Ritz. We saw no mice (see earlier reviews) which was definitely a plus.	
Oct 19 2005	VALUE is what you get	My girlfriend and I arrived in Manhattan ahead of schedule but we got to check in early. Had our room been unavailable, we would have had to wait nine hours, exhausted from the bus ride(not recommending) with all our luggages. Not that this is a guarantee, but the hotel management acted humanely with the options they had, to accomodate their customers. One of the best part about our trip was the peace of mind coming into the hotel and finding our room to be clean, maintained and functional(6thfloorprivatebath). This made coming back to the hotel, from a day of exploring the biggest city in the world, soothing without the sense of dissatisfaction. With this location(close to transit/upperwestside), the price(excellent for manhattan), and the service(as you've read), the feeling of getting what you've paid for or maybe even more is present.Some improvements such as ammenities(a fridge, free local calls) and insulation(sound travelling from rooms) would raise the value for this hotel.	
Oct 19 2005	Good facility bad customer service!	The hotel itself is located in a terrific location! 2 blocks from Central Park, the Museum of Nat History, and little restaurants and shops. The building itself is old, and they are in the process of renovating.  My husband and myself stayed on the 3rd floor, which was the floor that had a shared bathroom. To my surprise, it wasnt as bad as I thought. There are 2 bathrooms in the hallway and they pretty much look like regular bathrooms you would find in your own home. I never had a problem with waiting in line, or finding nasty stuff in them.  The bedroom was TINY! Barely any room! But they had a little sink and mirror, and obviously a bed and tv and closet. The sink and furniture in the room were nice quality, and looked new. I never experienced mice.  The elevator takes FOREVER! We mostly used the stairs. Now, the service there? THAT is a different story! We arrived early, around 12pm, check in was 3:30pm. We asked if we could keep our bags there, the lady at the desk threw us some tags for our bags and pointed to a random closet in the lobby. We opened the door, it was a cement hallway that lead into the basement. I didnt feel safe with out bags there, but suddenly some more guests put their bags there. We left our bags, and went sightseeing for a few hours. We came back around 3:20pm, and asked if we could check in. The front desk lady (same one as before) said &quot;you have 10 min) and pointed for us to wait in their lobby. We waited, then at exactly 3:30pm i went up to her and said &quot;its 3:30pm&quot; She was busy talking to a friend, and then realized i was right and proceeded to check us in. No housekeeper called or informed her our room was ready. I think she was just being particular and/or lazy.  No one showed us our room, or took our bags for us. All in all, our experience was fine. The room was cleaned and bed made. The hotel was great considering the price. I would stay there again! But they really gota clean up their manners. They spoke spanish the whole time. And treated guests like cr*p.THe housemaid also walked in twice without knocking.  I would advise people to stay there, but not if they want good service!	
Oct 18 2005 	good value watch your valuables	I must admit to some trepidation upon reading some of the earlier reviews citing the presence of mice at this hotel. I stayed on the 6th floor &amp; saw no sign of any vermin aside from a 'mousehouse' trap located under the bed. The room was clean, light, airy &amp; relatively quiet. Clean linens, polished floors, tidy &amp; well-kept property. Low pressure &amp; a long wait for hot water in shower, but otherwise clean if a bit dark (black tile?). Overall, the location of property, cleanliness &amp; condition of rooms makes this a pretty good value @ either $99 or $139 for shared bath single or double. The only downside to my 2 night stay was having my camera stolen from the room. Stupid mistake on my part to forget it one afternoon while touring the city, but was pretty annoyed by the apparent rifling my possessions took in my absense. The front desk staff responded fairly apathetically, denying up &amp; down that anything like this ever happened in their establishment. The manager was more sympathetic &amp; said they'd investigate, but as with all hotels, they can't be responsible for valuables left in rooms. Understood. Big City, watch your stuff!	
Oct 9 2005	Economical otel with hints of luxery	I just returned after staying 6 days at the Hayden while on a business trip without incident. The staff was friendly, the rooms were clean, and the facility in general was in good condition. The hotel itself is within what I consider to be walking distance to most things in Manhattan and is in a nice central location. If you dont care to walk, there is a subway and bus station literally right arond the corner and taxis always seemed to be available. I stayed in a room with a shared bathroom turned and that turned out to be not a problem at all. My room did however have a private sink and mirror, closet, iron, and ironing board. The area that the hotel is located in is safe. I came in several nights late and did not see anything that made me even the slightest bit uneasy. There are many nice resteraunts, bars, and clubs in close proximity to the hotel on Amsterdam Ave, as well as several museums and centeral and riverside parks. The hotel is located off of a (relatively) quite side street. All in all this hotel well exceeded my expectations and I would highly recommend it for the money. And by the way, there were no mice nor indication of their presence anywhere that I could see. If that was ever once a problem, it seems to be fixed now. Otherwise I have no idea what the previous posters were talking about. Don't let them be a deterant.	
Oct 2 2005	No frills but just fine	After switching from a ridiculously noisy ground floor room on the street, stayed in a queen room with private bath, sixth floor, in the back. Very quiet, although the wood floor hallways and loud doors can disturb the peace. Comfortable bed, nightstands, dresser, TV, desk, fairly new window air conditioner, closet. Room enough for two. Tiny but adequate bath with tub/shower. Some tacky things like dim ceiling light, shipping plastic on the box spring, uneven floor and a few scuff marks on the walls. Staff wasn't particularly friendly or interested, but did help when asked and quickly fixed a toilet problem. Nothing special, but clean, comfortable, and a really great location. Quick walk to many restaurants, shops, Starbucks, Central Park, subways. Rack rates a little high, bargain rates probably a good deal. Did not like that they charged my credit card for the full stay at check in. I'd stay again but wouldn't be my first choice. Seemed to have rooms when other hotels nearby were full. Lower your expectations a little and get a room away from the street and you'll be fine here.	
Sep 28 2005	Not too bad...	I am a young female who was traveling to the city alone. So, there are many things that I took into consideration when looking for a place to stay on a budget. I didn't come across the Tripadvisor reviews until after I had booked and paid for my room. Needless to say, I thought I had made a huge mistake based on the opinions of other travelers. Since I really couldn't change my plans at the last minute, I decided to tough it out.The first thing I did when I arrived into the room was scope out the place for any signs of mice or roaches. Nothing! I stayed in that room for three nights and didn't have one problem with rodents or any kind of bug. I had a 'single' room on the fifth floor. Granted, it's not the most glamourous place I've ever stayed, but it served it's purpose. It's definitely not a place to stay if you're looking for a romantic getaway, but a good bet if you only need a place to lay your head. The walls are pretty thin and you can hear people walking around in the hallway, but it was pretty quiet during the evening hours. The location is fabulous, too. I certainly felt comfortable walking around the area alone.You may want to consider bringing an alarm clock, just in case. My room didn't have one, but I did see that others did. Also, you might want to think about bringing shower sandals if you are in a shared-bath situation.You just have to keep in mind that this is a budget hotel and not a five-star resort. If you're on a tight budget and are considering staying in a hostel-type environment, then I would recommend the Hayden Hotel.	
Sep 24 2005 	Mice and they do not care...	Unfortunately I also saw mice that got into my luggage destroying a small souvenir I brought from my home country. I found myself at midnight trying to chase mice while making my luggage and without being able to sleep. The concierge told me that the hotel was full what I can understand. The difficult thing for me to understand is that they did not offer any apology or reduce the rate of the room giving that I have to sleep there the whole night. Although it can be a nice hotel, no really noisy, it is not that cheap to accept that kind of situations. I rather suggest that you seach for other hotel.	
Sep 22 2005	Perfect place and inexpensive!!!!!!!!!!	I was nervous because we couldn't afford alot for a hotel stay and didn't know the area, but I was VERY happy we stayed at Hayden Hotel. This is a great, recently remodeled hotel. The price is nice and it is located right next to a subway station. It sets in the middle of an office district so at night it is actually quite quiet (not much noise from the street). The elevator is slow, but who cares. The shared bathroom is NICE and CLEAN. The staff was excelent. The room is, of course, small, but what do you expect for New York? My wife and I stayed for a week and had a wonderful time... we had a mini refridgerator in the room (you must request it, but it's free) so we saved a bit of money by eating breakfast and sometimes lunch in our room. Central Park is close (especially Strawberry Fields) and the Museum of Natural History is with a block along with shopping and all the hustle and bustle of NYC.	
Sep 16 2005	Great Hotel - What Mice??	I have to admit I was a little worried when I read the reviews about the Hayden, however we decided to leave at the last minute and there were not many hotels available under $200. We booked through the Hotel website and got a price of $139, this was $30 or so cheaper than Expedia, Hotel.com ect. As advised on previous reviews we requested a room on the third floor and did notice that the second floor looked rough and had really old key not card locks, but the bottom floor looked fine. We stayed from Friday 9th until Tuesday and never saw any mice or any insects. The room was clean we had a cable TV, an Air Conditioner and a sink in our room, we shared a bathroom. The bathroom was also clean and was always free when needed. The maid was friendly and made up the room every day. We were allowed to leave our luggage in a locked room until later on the day we checked out. I have stayed in hostels and hotels all over the world and have stayed in many places much much worse than this, for the price you may not find better especially at the last minute!	
Sep 12 2005	More Mice - Stay away!	We just got back from our holiday in New York and it was ruined by staying in the Hayden Hotel. Not only did we see 2 mice in one evening but there are boxes near the beds to catch cockroaches! The room was dingy, dark and noisy. We had to check out early and go to another hotel as we could not stay in the same room as mice running around us!Take my advice, do not stay at this hotel. The staff know there are mice in the hotel and still don't do anything about it. STAY AWAY!	
Sep 3 2005	Mice .. eww...	I had a horrible stay at this hotel. The first night I got to the hotel, I saw a mouse run under my bed and was grossed out. I went to talk to the manager at the time and he was very rude and acted like it was normal to have a mouse in your room. He insisted that he didn't have another room I could stay in. He promised me he would fix the problem first thing in the morning. Well... yea... some people went into the room and &quot;supposedly&quot; got rid of the mouse.... yup... after they left.. I decided to take a nap.. and woke up to the sound of a mouse running across the floor. I tried to book at another hotel but everything was full. I do not recommend this hotel at all.	
Aug 11 2005 	Great Hotel for those on a budget!!!	I spent 6 nights at the Hayden and was very impressed!! Its hard to find a hotel in NYC if your on a budget, and the Hayden was excellent!! The room was very clean, the staff was very helpful, and it is a great location on the Upper West Side. I was a little worried about sharing a bathroom, but it worked out great. No matter when I needed to use the bathroom, it was always open. A word of caution though, if you are first in the shower in the morning, let the water run about 5 min. before you get in. The hot water is slow to arrive.There is a few draw backs though...all the floors are hardwood, so it is pretty noisy when people are coming and going. The elevator is slow!!!! I took the stairs almost everyday. Lastly, they didn't get around to cleaning my room until late afternoon. Sometimes as late as 4pm.But all n all it was a great place to stay. I will definetly stay here again!!!	
Jul 6 2005	TripAdvisor has made a difference	This place used to be Horrible, but now it is upgraded to Merely Skanky. This is due to the members of tripadvisor who finally persuaded the management to upgrade the place. I still would not stay here again unless NYC was under alien attack. because this would be the last place they would destroy because, essentially, that would be redundant. But it has improved, so attention must be paid.	
Jul 2 2005	What a relief!	I stayed here in mid-May. Hotel rooms for less than $200/night were very hard to find, perhaps because of graduations. My usual economy choices-Hotel Belleclaire, Washington Square Hotel, YourStay Central Park- - were fully booked.There was a Deluxe Queen available at the Hayden through the hotel's website for $139/per night with a private bath, so I took a chance, knowing that I would like the great location, if nothing else. I specifically requested a room without a mouse problem, as that is what most concerned me.I was SO pleasantly surprised. My room on the 6th floor was quite spacious for a NY budget hotel-- probably about 12x18 ft with a large closet, writing desk, dresser and two windows facing north overlooking the rooftops. The bathroom was small, but adequate and newly renovated. The furniture, though new, was of a dated style, and the carpet, though clean, was drab in color and industrial in quality. I arrived at night and the dim light from the ceiling fixture gave the room a kind of dreary appearance, but there were bedside lamps and a nightstand on each side of the bed which was quite nice. The walls were painted stark white and were unadorned except for a large ornamental mirror and a framed print or two. I don't make it sound very pleasant, but it really was quite soothing, albeit unadorned. It was a very hot day, but the window airconditioner was quiet and efficient. The staff was laid-back and good humored. There were no mice in evidence. I asked the desk clerk if mice were a problem, and she said that while the renovations were progressing it had been, but it was no longer an issue. I ordered food delivered to my room, and did not have a visit from mice, but hung the bag with food leftovers in the shower stall. Perhaps this was not necessary, but I thought it would be an easy precaution to take, as the guests reporting mouse problems seem to have put food in bags on the floor.The hallway floors are a nice wooden parquet (not the new inexpensive parquet tile kind). Whoever did the renovation understandably wanted to show them off, but this of course makes the halls noisier than they would be if they were carpeted. I thought the halls were charming and very much NY-residential from the 20s or so.The people who complain about the elevator should get over it, and should go stay at a high rise Holiday Inn. The elevator is really fine. It is the kind that you are happy to find in a European hotel.I would definitely stay here again. I think it is one of the best deals in NYC. And do eat at NiceMatin, the corner bistro open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Yumm!	
Jun 24 2005	Good for money staff not very polite	I was really worried about staying here as i had been reading some of the reviews a couple of days before we were due to travel, but when i got into the room i was supprised to find it clean and tidy. They had given us a twin room rather than a double which was slightly annoying but the hoiday was good. The hotel is in an excellent spot just a couple of blocks from central park and there is a really nice Italian resturant around the corner. I would stay here again as it is well priced.	
Jun 14 2005	Great Local!	My husband and I stayed at the Hayden Hotel during Memorial Day weekend 2005. We had read the reviews on this site and figured &quot;hey, it can't be worse then the horrible place was stayed in Milan last winter!&quot;We opted for the shared bathroom room (travelocity price of $100 a night), since we didn't think we would be spending that much time in the room.Sure enough, our stay was just fine. The price is very good and the location is great. It was so nice to just walk out the front door and be that close to the subway and Central Park. We really enjoyed that aspect of it.Every time either of us used the bathroom, it was very clean. In fact, I'll be honest...I never saw another guest the entire time we were there. I can't imagine that was because they weren't booked up for that weekend. When I used the shower (at about 9:00 am), I was the first one to have used it that day. That was a nice bonus.The room was small. But again, that didn't seem to bother us since we weren't in the room that much.The staff was very nice. After we checked out they let us store our luggage in their &quot;secure&quot; room until our flight later that day. The room didn't look to be very secure, but we didn't have any other options. They really should come up with a better solution.The elevator is slow and old. But we weren't in too big of a hurry that it really slowed us down. I imagine they intend of getting a new one at some point.Oh, the room was very noisy in the morning. But, that isn't the Hayden's fault...that's just &quot;city living&quot; at its best. It didn't really bother us, but I imagine it would bother someone else who isn't used to living in a city.We didn't see any rodents in the hotel. But, we did see one outside one night when we were walking back to the hotel. It was huge. Good times.Final say, the hotel is great for the price. I would recommend it to a friend. And we will (most likely) be back.	
Jun 14 2005	PR Parade Weekend	Okay, I don't know why so many people are tripping on this hotel. My stay was great. The location, the price, the room, all great. I have to admit all these reveiws had me nervous but when my friends and I got there things got better. The lobby is fine but if you get a room there ask for a renovated room on the 3rd floor or above, they are still renovating the 1st and 2nd floors. The room was fine. We had a double suite that came with a pull-out sofa bed (big enough for 2 people) and a queen size bed that is also big enough for 2 people with a private bath and TV. And we were 4 girls...so just imagine that. We didn't kiil each other at all. No one was complaining about space or ammenities. It was all good. Plus eveyone we told were our hotel was were shocked. As if we were some ballers or something. But the price is excellent. We walked through the park to get to 5th ave. for the Puerto Rican Day Parade and the walk was only about 15 minutes. It is only two blocks from the 1 and 9 train which can get you anywhere. For goodness sake, this hotel is on the upper west side. For the prices they give people should be greatful. Which is what I am. I would diffently stay here every time I visit NY until I officially move there.	
Jun 6 2005	The good The Bad 	I stayed in the Hayden Hotel the last week of May 2005. In regards to the facilities, space is very limited. There's not much that can be done there, short of a full renovation floor by floor. Including a reduction in rooms by floor for roomier accommodations. Don't see this happening any time soon. The Hotel main entrance and lobby are nice and look clean. The staff was friendly and attended all inquiries fast. The elevator needs to be replaced A.S.A.P. It's too slow, small and weathered. It kills the first good impression you might have when you check-in. The day before we checked out the elevator was breaking down, but repairs were scheduled quickly. I originally booked a room with private bathroom, but after reading reviews here and elsewhere, I decided to get the suite. Like many have mentioned before the rooms are small. The suite we got had a bedroom about 10'x10' with a queen bed, drawer chest that doubled as a TV stand and a night stand. On one side there was about 2 feet of walking space and about 8 inches on the other side and the base of the bed. The living room (aprox. 12'x10') had a small sofa-bed, a drawer chest with a large TV, a cocktail table, and a chair. The suites are good for not more than 2 people. I didn't get to see the smaller rooms, but considering the size of the suite I would imagine them to be very small. I didn’t mind the two huge 27” or 32” TV’s in our suite, but maybe smaller 25” o 19” would have sufficed considering the limited space. Our room had a very small bathroom (3'x6' aprox.) with a shower booth and a toilet. The lavatory was in a small area near the main door. Hot water is a problem though. We were on the 5th floor and it took some time for the hot water come out, at least 10 minutes or more, it really adds up in wasted water. The first few days NYC temperatures were in the low 50’s and the Hotel heating systems worked well. The rest of the time the temperatures were in the 60’s and low 70’s. Also right next to the main door we had a small but useful closet. Noise was not a problem. The halls floor makes a lot of noise when people walk on them but apparently it did not permeate into the room much. In this aspect we basically had a good night sleep during our stay. This is basically the overall description of what we experienced at The Hayden Hotel. Now, the Good, the Bad and the Ugly.The GoodThe Hotel rates are good. The staff of the hotel is friendly and helpful. They will store your luggage free of charge when you check out so you can do more sites seeing before your flight. The room maintenance personnel are very nice too. The location of the hotel is great. If there's only one good reason to stay here it's the location. You get the Museum of Natural History, Hayden Planetarium, NY Historical Society and Belvedere Park right across the street. Central Park is just a block away. You’re at walking distance to the Children’s Museum, The Dakota Building, fine restaurants and galleries and even the Lincoln Center and Julliard’s School of Arts if you like to walk little more. There’s also access to both the 1, 2, 3 &amp; 9 subway train one block away and the A, B, C, D trains at two blocks distance. Tip: Get the metrocard and hop-on and off the subway and buses as much as you need to. It’s a great neighborhood. One thing, the Deli across the street from the hotel is ok, but the clerks are not too friendly. Try the Deli on the corner of 80th. The coffee is very good, the breakfasts are good and clerks are friendlier. The BadSize matters. The rooms are small. The elevator is too small, not adequate for the amount of people entering and leaving the Hotel most of the time. If they cannot change it because of structure limitations, then they should renovate it with a modern faster unit. The hot water problem needs to be addressed if just solely to conserve water and $$ on the water bill, since it takes more than 10 minutes for the hot water to come out. Another issue is the renovation results. Our suite was recently renovated, but the bathroom shower booth had an acrylic door that was at least 3” too small. When you close the shower door there was a 2 to 3 inch open gap were the water would splash out and partially flood the bathroom floor. I think the Hayden either hired a cheap contractor or they did it in house with poor quality control. The room’s door made about 6 inch scratches on the wall when opened or closed. The door knob on the closet door came off on first use. The UglyYes! I saw a small mouse. The only noise that woke me up on one occasion was the crackling sound o plastic bags in a trash bin. I got up to check and turned on the light of the living room. A tiny mouse about 2” long jumped out and raced across the room and disappeared under the sofa-bed. But this isn’t limited to low cost hotels. On our visit to a very famous NYC museum we decided to have a bite to eat at one of the fast food areas. I ordered some hot chocolate and they gave me the cup so I could prepare it myself on a counter section that had coffee, milk, water and chocolate in small serving size packets. When I picked up the first chocolate packet, it seemed to be broken and powder was spilling out. I returned it and took a second which had the same problem. Upon close inspection I noticed that the first and second packets were not broken, the holes where made by some small rodent. The first 3 or four packets had the same type of hole in the same area. NYC seems to have a big problem with rodents. There’s just to many places where they can hide and multiply. The building walls are hollowed; the basements have cable and pipe ducts that run under the streets and meet at junctions. It’s an exterminator’s nightmare.ConclusionThe Hayden Hotel’s best asset is its location. There space is limited and they try to make the best of it. They can fix it by making fewer rooms, thus making them larger, but then they would have to up the rates to compensate. For the price it’s not a bad place to stay. The neighborhood is great and you can catch transportation close by to the major attractions. On my next NYC visit I will probably try The Lucerne, The Beacon or the Comfort Inn. They’re in the same area. But I will not exclude the Hayden as an option because in spite of all the negative comments and lack of features mentioned above or in reviews by others, our stay was comfortable, pleasant and trouble free.	
May 24 2005	Wanna Taste of New York City?	First a disclaimer-I am not a friend of the management (as on some travel websites have deemed the reviews on &quot;Trip Advisor&quot; to be written by such folks). That being said, if you're a budget traveler, then the place is fine. If you're a tourist looking to be coddled, this not the place for you. And actually, if one is in NYC, you should not be spending one moment in your hotel room, except to sleep and write a few postcards! I highly recommend (if one can afford it) getting a room with your own private bath, though when I checked out the &quot;shared bathrooms&quot; they seemed clean if a little damp due to lack of venilation. As on previous reviews of the Hayden, they are still renovating the hotel, however, it was quiet during the time I stayed there (maybe too quiet--none of the NYC hustle and bustle). And this being the East as opposed to the West coast, people do smoke, so I would crack a window in your room--smoky air does come in from the hallway. My room was clean, had a queen size bed, nightstand, chair, iron with ironing board in a small closet, and a huge TV with cable (had an interesting view overlooking the typical postage stamp sized back yards). The staff was friendly, helpful, and accomodating, not only to myself, but to others staying at the hotel. The Hayden does have a great location: Central Park is right outside your door and the subway is a short walk away. I felt absolutely safe coming back from the Village late at night (or early in the a.m. as the case may be). Also, if one needs &quot;emergency&quot; clothing (luggage lost, or that dress doesn't seem right for the occasion), Filene's Basement is right on the corner at Broadway. Highly recommended for shopping bargins. Bottom line is: I was satisfied and I would definitely stay at the Hayden again.	
May 21 2005	good for the price	After reading some of the prior reviews that have been posted about this hotel, I was almost tempted to talk the place up just to compensate--but I will keep it real. This hotel is not the Waldorf-Astoria or the Plaza by a long shot...but it is most definitely not the circa-1975 Bowery flop house that a number of the prior reviewers have made it out to be.The rooms were very small (especially by US standards--Europeans would find them typical for a budget hotel in a large city), they were clean, and maintenance was done daily. The elevator is slow, small, and a bit archaic. I had a room w/ shared bath--the common bathroom facilities on my floor were not a clean, but actually a touch stylish (slate paneled walls and floors). The restoration seems mostly complete--it seemed like the main thing left to do is refinish the hard wood floors in the hallways.The location (on the Upper West Side in the high '70s) is praised even by folks who have nothing else nice to say about this hotel--I would back that up, but w/ one caveat. The one reservation being that the serious partier (y'all know who are...) would be better off staying downtown, in proximity to the Village and the surrounding neighborhoods. The Upper West Side is a very upscale, respectable part of the City--it is, however, quite well connected by subway.In short this is a nice tourist class hotel. I would not stay here if I was travelling on expense account--but it worth the rates.	
May 18 2005 	Not Bad for a 1 Star Hotel	I stayed at the Hayden Hotel the night before last. It was the only hotel in Manhattan under $500 (that wasn't completely scary) due to some huge convention.I knew this neighborhood was good. This is where Seinfeld was supposed to have been set and &quot;You've got mail&quot; was filmed in several locations near here. Within walking distance is just about anything you could want in terms of eating, shopping, sight-seeing.I booked through Expedia and they clearly were taking advantage of demand as the rate I paid was twice what the hotel literature showed. I called the hotel a few hours before arriving to verify my reservation and to check to see if my room was in the &quot;renovated&quot; section. She assured me that all but the first floor was done.The lobby is in terrible shape, so I'm sure they will fix that eventually. The elevator is old and scary but once you arrive upstairs it is not so bad. I walked down the stairs to avoid the scary elevator a couple of times and I could tell that each floor was not necessarily in the same shape, but close. The stairway is a mess.The 5th floor public areas were in good shape, the bathrooms were a very pleasant surprise. All new tile and fixtures/shower. You can lock the door and have it all to yourself. Shower/Toilet are in the same room. It was clean. There is another bathroom a few doors down so people shouldn't have to wait long.My room was a single and while I had a new sink in the room and the TV and dresser was new, the bed was not. It wasn't terrible, but slanted a bit. The linens are definitely not new, but they were clean. There was a cigarette hole in the bedspread, but the room smelled fine.You can hear people when they come in to the hallway outside of the room, but it wasn't extremely loud, and there are only a few rooms on each floor anyway, so for the most part, it was very quiet. 79th street isn't one of NY's busiest, so it's not loud like it would be if you were staying on Columbus or Broadway.Considering they claim they have renovated recently, and clearly they have done the bathrooms and some new things, they have not re-painted! I thought this was odd. My room had old banged up paint, as did the stairwells. If you pay less than $100 for this place, it would probably be a good deal. I only stayed here because of the sold out situation in the city. I can usually get a decent room with private bath in Manhattan for the $135.00 this cost me.	
May 18 2005	Hayden Hotel: adequate but pick upper floors!	I stayed at HH at the end of March, over the Easter weekend. After reading the reviews online, my girlfriend and I were jokingly referring to the hotel as &quot;Hades,&quot; but my 7 nights there weren't bad, considering the price/value and location--right there at Central Park West and close to the subway.Yes, the hotel is being renovated and shoddily at that, but the upper floors, anything above 5, are finished. So make sure you INSIST on getting a room on the 6th or 7th floors. My mother and I for some reason got one of the &quot;suites,&quot; which meant that we actually had a nice view and two interconnected rooms. Really pretty. The bathroom was also clean and functional.The only peeves are these: The noise outside. The walls are paper-thin, you hear every sound from the next room, and the hall reverberates with each step because of the wooden floors. The doors don't close unless you throw them shut. You really have to use violence. At one point I had to intervene in a marital tiff next door at around midnight. We could hear every word and after the woman yelled several times to let her go, I knocked on the door. The couple stopped fighting. Hooray.The radiator works whenever it wants to. It either doesn't work at all and stays cold or turns so hot that you can't touch it. At night it makes the strangest sounds, hissing and knocking. The desk staff is reasonably polite, but not excessively so. The woman who checked us out wanted to add another $10 to the cab fare and put it in her pocket, just for calling us a cab to JFK, so be sure to call your own cab. The fare is set at $45 plus $5 toll, so expect to pay $60 with tip.Stopping at the 4th floor and below, I saw a nasty in-progress renovation and shady people shuffling along the halls. Some strange characters seem to inhabit floors 1 through 3, permanent dwellers, it seemed. An upset English couple was telling us in the elevator that they had a mouse in their room on the 5th floor. They demanded a break on the room rate, but didn't get much sympathy, from what I could hear at the front desk.Bottom line: Hayden/Hades is a great value if you expect to get what you pay for. The location can't be topped. Insist on one of the upper floors! Even the shared bathroom on the 7th floor looked okay and clean to me.	
May 5 2005	Midnight visitor	We checked in late on Friday for 4 nights. After waking up at 0445 to catch a plane and walking all over the city (79th St to the East Village) we were exhausted when we finally checked in. We were very pleased to find a small clean room with a newly remodeled bathroom and new carpeting. The room looked out on a brick wall. The lobby and hallways are a little noisy and in need of remodeling but the place has great potential. The last night of our stay we did have a little problem. We brought dinner back to the room, ate and turned in early. At about midnight I woke up to a rustling sound in the bathroom. I remembered that we had thrown garbage (including 1/2 slice of pizza) in a plastic bag and placed it in the bathroom. My mind started processing this information and I started to freak out, imagining what type of creature could make this noise. I woke up my daughter and we lay there for a few minutes arguing over who would go see what was in the bathroom. I finally got up, grabbed an umbrella as a weapon and headed to the bathroom. I clapped my hands and a tiny mouse ran out of the bathroom around my feet. I jumped on the bed, screaming (EEK-a-mouse) and the mouse ran out under the door into the hall. I then put the garbage at the end of the hall. As you can imagine it was a little hard to fall back to sleep. Would I stay here again? Maybe- I loved the neighborhood and proximity to the park and the price is excellent. I would not leave food in the room. Looking back it makes a funny story and I'm just relieved that our visitor was Stuart Little and not Templeton the Rat.	
May 3 2005	Better than we were led to believe!	6 os us stayed at the Hayden for a hen weekend from 29th April for 2 nights. I was concerned what it would be like after reading some of the previous reviews but it turned out fine. Victor on reception was lovely if a little tired(he said he works a lot of hours!) The check in was quick and we took the little lift up to our twin room on the 4th floor - the hotel was still being decorated but didnt look to bad just need a lick of paint in the hallways! The room was fine - plain decoration, two comfy beds just right for resting our weary legs after a lond day sightseeing and a neat little bathroom with all you needed of and a nice big TV!Where the floors are wooden it was a bit echoey which did wake me up a few times on the first night as you could here people walking around and slamming doors! I learnt my lesson and wore earplugs the next night (from the airplane) and slept perfectly!It was nearly a little shop so we could buy bottles of water etc, just round the corner there was a lovely coffee shop and the subway was just a block away. Very convenient!After checking out Victor arranged for our luggage to be locked in a luggage room was was also very convenient as our flight wasnt until the evening and we wanted to do some more sightseeing!This hotel is not as bad as other reviews made. It was fine for what we needed, a nice place to rest your head! Good value for money!	
Apr 14 2005	Pleasantly Surprised	Just returned from a 5 day stay and was pleasantly surprised. Booked the hotel in Oct. and was worried about reading all the reviews but took a chance. They actually didn't have a room w/private bath when we arrived, and after we declined the shared bath, they booked us a room at the nearby Comfort Inn and even offered cab fare to move for 1 night. We returned the next day to an upgraded room and the difference between Hayden and Comfort Inn was adjusted out of my bill. The staff, esp. Victor, were very gracious and friendly. Our room was nice for the price we got in the Upper West Side- clean, no problems w/noise, water, heat, etc. Hotel is still being renovated but we didn't find it inconvenient. This is a great place if you just want a safe, clean place to sleep. I doubt you will find anything like it for less in this neighborhood.	
Mar 26 2005	If you don't know what poverty is use this place	Ok, i'm not a prude who stays in 5 star hotels. I've travelled to the Caribbean, Italy, Spain, Thailand etc and have opted for 2-3 star accomodation but this hotel is priviledged to even get a 1-star rating. I'm from the UK but lived and worked in nyc in 2001 but due to September 11, my parents were unable to come out and stay with me. So in April 2004 I saw a cheap deal for the Hayden and after reviewing their website, i thought it looked decent and booked it. Boy, was I wrong!When we arrived, just from looking at the lobby I knew i made a mistake. It smelt old and the furniture was worn out. The male receptionist was miserable and couldn't even find our reservation, which took over 30 mins to sort out. We booked for 2 double rooms but they stuck us in a room for 4 people consisting of a broken down looking pull out bed, faulty plugs, chipped rusty walls and doors, dirty carpets, a broken chair, a window which you are unable to open with a view of a brick wall and a sink in the main room!Now as I've said before, I've lived in new york and visited friends who lived in kinda run down areas but i've never seen a room like this. I even took pictures which i sent to the tour operator we booked with to show them what kind of hotel they were advertising and he sent me an apology e-mail as he was unaware of the condition of this hotel!It was so bad, we actually ended up spending our first night trying to look for another hotel to stay in!Overall, this hotel ruined, what was supposed to be, a fun trip from my family and we spent most of the time out on the streets as nobody wanted to go back to the hotel and we unable to find something else because it was easter and everywhere was booked. The only good thing i can say is thank god we didn't have to used the shared bathrooms because they were nasty and its obvious the cleaners don't really do their job and you can't complain to them either as the ones we saw didn't speak any english.The only people who we did discuss this with was the poor students that live at this hotel as they can't afford to live elsewhere. They all acknowledged that this place is a dump and that they shouldn't even advertise this place as a hotel, when in fact, its a broken down hostel so don't allow yourself to be fooled.Trust me, if you are travelling to New York, stayed in decent 2-3 star hotels before but wanna feel what its like to live in real poverty, this hotel is the prefect choice. But otherwise, spend a little bit extra on somewhere actually liveble! This hotel is a mess and needs to be knocked down. Its a shame I didn't know about this site early to warn people and hope there haven't been too many disappointments in the past year with this hotel, especially people traveling from a far distance who are used to the decent standard of other 2-3 star hotels.	
Mar 21 2005	Cute and clean but cold and noisy	My husband and I came up to NY for a quick getaway with out going broke and I chose the Hayden for the price, location and the photos. We knew we wouldn't be spending much time in the room (so close to Central Park!) so, a lux room was not really what we cared about. We got in late, parking was right around the corner, not too expensive, and we were given our key. The lobby was small but nice, with an old slow and rickey elevator that gave more of a period charm rather that a fear factor. The room was smallish and a bit spartan, but adequate and I loved the bathroom (the shower for me was divine). THe only problem was there were only sheets and a polyester bedspread on the bed and the heater seemed not to know how to do its job. - then once we finally settled down and started to get warm, people started coming back from the clubs- you could hear everything!!! the hallways have wood floors and it seems that there is no insulation around the door (you can see light) it is like the people in the hallway are in the room with you! between the cold and the noisy hallway (foodsteps woke me up sooo many times) I barely slept. It was cute and clean, but cold and noisy. we're staying there again next weekend and I am bringing my own earplugs and quilts :)	
Mar 12 2005	Don't believe the older bad reviews!	I stayed at the HH last weekend (March 6 thru 9, 2005) and it was great. The staff were friendly, the room was very small but clean and up-to-date, and the location was perfect for sightseeing. The staff has a locked luggage room in case you need to leave your bags before checkin or after checkout.We saw a couple of roaches but this is NYC! They were very tiny and didn't bother us a bit. The hot water took a while to heat up but the building was old, so it was to be forgiven. They are in the midst of a renovation so construction was going on while we were there during the day, but if you are spending your time in the hotel instead of out in the city you are wasting your vacation.All in all the experience was great for the price. The only complaint I would have is that there are some permanent residential dormitories on the middle floors and some of the residents could be a little loud. But if you want to vacation somewhere without roaches, loud people and a room with character, go visit the Holiday Inn in Wichita. The Hayden Hall is great for an authentic NYC experience.	
Mar 3 2005	Ignore ALL Old Reviews - This Place is Wonderful!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hayden for a long weekend. As a returning New Yorker, I had very low expectations of this place... and I was so very, very wrong! This is a charming building lovingly redone. The staff was friendly, helpful and energetic... I never once felt that I was imposing, although I expect that I in fact did several times. They were knowledgeable about the neighborhood and able to give very clear directions and great recommendations. There is a &quot;hostel&quot; feel to the hotel. Shared bathrooms and long waits for the elevator create a certain comraderie among the guests. However, far from detracting from the general elegance of the place, it creates an even more &quot;old New York&quot; atmosphere.Because of bad weather, they were unable to completely fulfill our reservation (we had reserved a room with a double bed, but ended up settling for two twins). They were, however, incredibly gracious about this and even apologized at check-out. It was nice to see it wasn't simply done and forgotten. Again, it all points to the GREAT attitude of the staff.	
Mar 3 2005	Getting better!	Stayed for eight days in late February. Our room on the third floor was just recently remodeled and had everything one could ask for in just a place to sleep: firm beds, a working &amp; new TV set, a functional albeit small bathroom with a hot shower. Staff were reasonably friendly.Only con: renovation is still in full swing, so prepare for noise and people around in the hallways. Otherwise, due to a great location and good pricing , this place might become one of NYC's best deals.	
Feb 3 2005	Visitor from Chicago	We booked this hotel on line and the photos do not reflect the rooms. I went with a friend for a girls weekend and they gave us a room with one bed. We were able to change to a smaller room with two single beds but there was no heat and barely hot water. The toilet could only be flushed once an hour. We also learned that this hotel has been home to many people who are in NYC for medical treatements and live at the hotel while they are there. The building itself seemed to have potential and they were remodeling while we were there but overall it was just a place to crash. If you are looking to relax in your room this is not the place.	
Jan 17 2005	Think of it as a walk back in time	Imagine living in NY in the early fourties, this Hotel has amazing potential. The location was wonderful, just around the corner from every scene in 'You've Got Mail'.The worst for me was no curtains on the shared bathroom windows on the 7th floor. It was like going to camp sharing a bathroom.I did love the Old building but there were no amenities except the free shampoo and hand lotion.Might stay there again...will definitely not share a bath, this is the US not Europe!	
Dec 2 2004	Not as bad as people make out!	I was nervous about my stay here after reading some of these reviews, I took one person's advice and called prior to leaving to request a finished room.After expecting the worst my friend and I found the room to be clean and warm. Ok so it's not the Hilton but you can't complain when your paying peanuts for such a great location. The refurbishment is nearly complete and the top three floors look amazing.We found the staff to be very friendly, they suggested a place for breakfast which we visited every day of our stay.Don;t be put off by any of the earlier reviews, I really don't think you'll be disappointed with the Hayden Hotel.	
Nov 7 2004	Not too bad...	I stayed at the Hayden Hotel for 3 nights in late October 2004. I had read some of the reviews on this page after I'd booked the hotel, so I called (several times) to make sure I got a renovated room. The room was on the 6th floor and was small, but finished (except the door trim) to a decent standard and clean, as was the shared bathroom. The room had a working sink that appeared to be very new. The linen was clean and was changed once in our 3 night stay. The front desk staff were reasonably friendly. There was still some construction work happening in the hallway on the 6th floor and from comments we heard from other guests, on the other floors as well. We did talk to other guests who stayed in a room with no running water.Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Hayden. It's wasn't too bad, great location, good value (I paid $85/night). Just make sure to ask for a renovated room!I probably would stay in this hotel again if I couldn't find anything else in this price range, but first I'd try: The Larchmont, Hotel 17, Belleclaire, East Village Bed and Breakfast or Broadway Plaza	
Oct 13 2004	Pleasant Stay	I stayed here over the weekend as I was in town for a friend's wedding. I stayed in one of the hotel's new rooms. It was nice, clean and spacious. I had a chance to go to the American Museum of Natural History as it was just down the street.	
Oct 12 2004	The people who operate this place should be put in jail!!!	The crooks who own and operate this property should be put in jail. Don't be fooled by the picture of the room on the web site...it is not what you will stay in. Our room had a bare light bulb hanging down from a wire as it's light source. Electrical wires were runing wild throughout the room. The levelour blinds were all bent and broken. Flea infested, we were bitten all over, mice too. There was no blanket on the bed. Toilet paper was placed on the floor due to a lack of a holder. Never in my life have I stayed in anyplace so utterly horrible. I cannot emphasize it enough, Do not stay here!!	
Oct 11 2004	Run! Run fast!!	Run and run away fast from this garbage dump! The room we stayed in (418) was absolutely the most disgusting thing I've ever seen. The carpet was moldy, stained and old. The walls were stained with God knows what. The bed didn't have a mattress pad and I could only hope the sheets were clean. The clincher was that there was a rat trap in our bedroom. I couldn't sleep well after seeing that. Who knows what else lives in that hole of a hotel. It's a pity the charlatain owners of this pit don't take more pride it in because it is in a great location.Let me reiterate...Run from the Hayden hellhole.	
Oct 10 2004	Think 'House Arrest' in Soviet Russia circa 1966 and you are half way there	Thank god for Trip Advisor because it helps disgrunteled travelers like us find some closure when we get screwed.Ok, so you know that finding a decent cheap hotel in NYC is a feat in itself. Finding a good location is a whole other ordeal. I was coming to the city for a vacation and booked this hotel w/o seeing the reviews on this site, of course, as luck would have it. I got a reasonable (for NYC) deal for a room with bathroom. I couldn't bite the bullet and share, don't even want to know what that would have been like. I saw the pics on the website and you would think that they would be kind of similar, but I had no such luck. Let me paint you a little picture.....So the outside is not bad. Once you pull up, you think, OK, could be worse. It is in a posh part of town, Central Park West. Cute shops and restaurants abound. Great.....til you enter. So staff are only fairly surly depending on who checks you in. The elevator is smelly and small, but it's not only an elevator- it's time machine. All of a sudden you are transported to Cold War Europe. Renovations are underway so there is buliding crap all around. Hardwood floors in the hallway provide a way for noises to bounce around nicely into the guest rooms. When I say Cold War Europe, I am not kidding. There is no art on the walls, they are dirty and scuffed. There is no molding around the door, so the room is nice and drafty and you can hear the maids trilling early in the morning. They don't even provide you with &quot;do not disturb signs&quot; so I got to know the maids more than I would like to admit.The bedsheets have a threadcount of 2. I am so glad that I didn't have a UV Light to see what was on them. God knows when they are washed. They are really thin, so I used the scary scratchy blanket they provide for warmth. The bathroom is done in a particularly clostorphobic shade of grey tile that makes it feel smaller than it already is, it proabably was on special at Home Base.So that is just a few highlights from my stay at this palatial retreat. I feel better now it's off my chest, and maybe it will persuade you away from the Hayden Hotel.	
Sep 27 2004	Worst hotel ever!	I booked a room at this hotel online, they describe themselves as &quot;a first class hotel&quot; and &quot;beautifully appointed guest rooms create an air of tranquility.&quot; Rate quoted was about 130 a night for a single. They gave me a room on the third floor. While reading in bed, two mice came out on the bedside table, on the dresser. Ran around the floor. I was up, the light was on, and they didn't seem to care. Neither did management. I travel to NYC about once every 3 weeks or so, and this was the absolute worst, most disgusting experience in a hotel I have ever had anywhere. Stay away!! I reported them to NYC Dept of Health, hope they close them down.	
Sep 25 2004	Terrible hotel	Terrible hotel, unfortunately we didn't know about this site and therefore couldn't read the reviews. We came to the hotel late at night and were shocked. The toilet in our room didn't worked properly and we had to think twice before using them (if you know what I mean). The room was falling apart (old dirty cupboards) and noises went on constantly due to renovations in our floor. Don’t go to this hotel and don't try to save money its better to add $ 20 more and rent a normal room than go to this hotel.	
Sep 13 2004	Worst Hotel I have ever or imagine I will ever stay in.	This is a list of my issues with the Hayden...1) Blanket on the bed was disgustingly stained.2) Sheets had little black hairs on them.3) Paint was peeling off the walls.4) There was something brown splattered substance on the walls of the room.5) There was a randon sink in the corner of the room This would have been convienient considering we had a shared bath if it had been actually been hooked up. My girlfirend actually poured the rest of a drink down the drain to find it draining all over the floor. 6) TV with non-functioning remote.The hotel overall was a dirty dump. They claim they are doing renevations, but I see there are reviews saying this from 2003(hmmm). The hotel employees absolutely had no interest in helping us with any of the above issues. Now, I understand you get what you pay for. The rates in this hotel were very cheap. I can do without major ammedities, but I can not put up with just plain unsanitary conditions. Believe me I am not trying to be over dramatic when I say that if I had a picture in my mind of what a crack house would look like, the Hayden Hotel fits that image perfectly.	
Sep 11 2004	wouldn't bother go back	ok jus recently got back from the hayden hotel and reading most of these reviews before i went i was really scared...upon arrival the building didnt look that nice but i mean im not there for that i was just eager to see the room.... the hotel lobby was ok.....upon arrival to the room renovations were still being done to our floor (3rd floor)..the room smelt old and musty but it was ok and spacious enough for 4 people(4 girls)..... the shower was a bit small but it had running water..... the beds, sheets and towels were clean and changed everyday...we stayed for 21 nights and by the last week thats wen all the problems started...we started getting the biggest cockroaches ever...but being summer and with windows open i could maybe accept that...until we started to get mice/rats whichever...thats when things got really bad....they moved us from our room to get away from the mice...but when moved in to the other room there were mice in there as well....the supervisor didn't give a toss...very rude...no compensation...nothinafter being in the hotel in the beginning i might of considererd going back but after seing mice no way.. i mean when u go on holiday u dont stay in your hotel anyway its just sumwhere to rest....the cleaners here were nice and none of our things were stolen....my opinion don't stay here pay for else where...and for other people that have posted on this site that you can get hotels nicer than the hayden for the same price, please post the name f these hotels so i know where to lok for next time.	
Sep 7 2004	Absolutely Horrible!!!	Do not give the Hayden even a hint of consideration if you are planning a vacation to NYC. Our group was promised first class accommodations. This has to be the worst place I have ever stayed in all of my travels. They promised the world and delivered nothing. We were placed on a floor in which renovations began every morning promptly at 08:00 am. We were told ahead of time about this, but that no guests stayed on the floors as they were being worked on. They will tell you this is a first class, 3 star hotel with all the luxuries, but for half the price, which is completely untrue! Do not believe anything they tell you, it is not true!! The place is old, dirty, under construction and the staff is non-responsive to any of your needs. Pay the extra 20 dollars a night and stay someplace else, you will be very thankful that you did.	
Aug 20 2004	you could do better	I stayed here in September 2003, and there still seemed to be some renovations going on although I didn't hear construction from my room. The different floors looked like they varied widely in how far along they were in updating. Maybe this hotel would be worth a try after it's remodeled, but I would not stay here again. For the price, I do not expect luxury accomodations. However, I do expect some basic standards of cleanliness, which this hotel did not have. For example, the sheets in our room were not changed for the entirety of our 7-day stay (I could tell because there was a noticeable hole in them, along with a small blood stain), and the bed was only made up about half the time. We had a shared-bath room, and there was a huge hairball in the drain of the shower for several days at a time. It just kept getting bigger and bigger! It this doesn't disgust you and you want a safe and convenient location, by all means, stay here. I wouldn't. I still get a little queasy thinking about it.	
Aug 2 2004	This Old Hotel	We didn't read the reviews before either!! I would have been better off if i stayed in a tree house in Central Park!! Staying there felt like I was in the middle of a Urban Renewal project. We stayed 3 nights, which is 3 too many! At 5 pm one nite the maid decided to come in when we were in the room &amp; when I told her we were resting she finally stopped trying to knock the door down (she only knocked on the door after trying to open it first). I would like to see this hotel when they finish it but until then they should let people stay for the price of a subway ride!! My only regret is not telling the people checking in after us to run as fast as you can to that tree house in Central Park! OHHHH IT'S GREAT TO BE HOME.................	
Jul 29 2004	Wet carpet and cockroaches!	Me and my friend stayed at this hotel in may 2003.The room was small and the blinds was dirty and wouldnt come up. One day when i was standing bare foot on the carpet i noticed that it was wet from the leaking shower... I guess that the mold sponges are huge.The tv barely worked. My friend spotted a cockroach big as a hand one day in the hallway.Our room was adjacent to the next room only separated by a thin plywood door. Next door neighbour tried to get in to our room probably thinking it was a wardrobe door.Towels were a bit dirty and humid.The only good is the location, pretty close to 79th street station 1-9 trains.Won´t come back!	
Jul 28 2004	disgusting had rats	ok, it said it was a 3 star hotel on expedia and had nice pics. Turns out they were both wrong. After waiting for 2 hours to check in, I saw many disgusted guests leave for another hotel. A mouse came in my room from crack of floor and wouldnt leave. Looks more like a jail cell. Add $5 and stay in a real hotel. I signed up on this site just to ***** at that hotel cuz it was so nasty.	
Jul 26 2004	Good And Bad	I also booked before reading the reviews. I was sooooooooooo scared to stay there, but it was right for my budget. When we go there I thought the outside looked nice, the check in area was nice (old-fashion looking but I like that) The check in guy was very slow and really did not seem to know what he was doing, but we checked in and paid (the require full paymet at check in)Once we stepped into the very small, smelly, and slow elevator I got scared again. We were squished in with a few people one of them being a very scetchy weird guy, who looked like he may have lived there not just staying there...anyways a lady got off on the 2nd floor and we saw a bit off the hall. It was stained, dirty, and gross. So, I expected the same with the room. Well, we got off on the 5th floor and the outside of the elevator was stained there too, but once you step aside and go down the hall I was quite surprised. The 5th fllor has been renovated, the floorss were hardwood, pretty wallpaper fresh, paint and lovely light fixtures. It was very victorian/old-time looking. The seem to have made alot more rooms out of what they had, perhaps at one time the rooms were more spacious. There are ALOT of doors (rooms) on eash floor. We were in room 516 (deluxe w/private bath) It was a small room but I was surprised. It was nice looking, the furniture was all matching, nice prints on the wall, clean floor, etc. The bed however was as hard as a rock :( The bathroom was very small (may have been a closet) but it was modern and nice enough (it did kinda have a weird smell, and the flush was kinda airplane like but, it served its purpose.) I think it may have originally been a room in the room on the otherside of the hall, cause you could hear the TV in there like it was in the same room (which means they can hear you too) but, as long as we kept that door close the room was pretty quiet other than when someone was in the hall. Room had working TV and A/C.We did have problems with getting towels and maid service. When we checked in there were only 2 bath towels, but we figured we would get more the next day when the made up the room. We went to the desk to get more and they would only give us 1set (it was raining to the point of flooding in NYC on Friday 7/23 so, we needed towels) the maids did not even come to make up the room 2 out of our 3 nights, and when the did they just made the bed (did not change sheets) and took our dirty towels and our soap and did not leave any. We went to get more and again got, we cannot give you more than 1 towel we need them for others checking in, and when we told them the maid problem it was like the did not believe us or care. And when we open the bag with the soap and stuff in it I notice the lotion was not only opened but half used~ So, clearly they just reuse the left over stuff!It was over all better room-wise then I expected but, I did expect to get the normal amount of towels. The customer service needs improving and the maid service needs to be more regular or something. Like we saw them and heard them, but it is like they only seem to make up the rooms people were checking out of.It was fine for our budget but, I do not think we would stay here again unless we had too $$ wise. And if I did I would bring my own towels and ask for the same room (516) as I already know it is ok, and really would not want to gamble after reading about other rooms on here.	
Jul 16 2004	reviews pretty accurate	I, like many, unfortunatly read the reviews AFTER booking my trip. We made it through the check in without too much of a misshap... or so we thought! It was about midnight when we checked in (lobby not too shabby, perhaps I was wrong about my apprehentions). The hallways on the 4th floor where still a construction zone with drywall dust partly painted stuff everywhere (OK the reviews where right!). When we opened the door there was already someone sleeping in the bed who awoke and started screaming at us! (Sorry Buddy!) When we lugged our stuff back down to the lobby, the clerk didn't seem too surprised or appologetic about it either. After having told us that that was the last room we discovered that there really was another room available... but it didn't have running water for the sink (did at least have the plumbing)... ok fine... though another couple steaming in the lobby was not too happy about it, as he had also told them that there where no more rooms and they had also pre-booked! (So the problems with booking are also true. Let's just say they where not to happy about having to find a new hotel at MIDNIGHT!)We got to the new room and discovered that the walls truely are thin. There where three people having a normal conversation in the next room and I felt like they where 2 feet from me! The old spring bed was more like sleeping in a hammock than a bed, but hey, I was tired and the place LOOKED reasonably clean. The communal shower in the morning backed up though, and we where standing in about 4&quot; of water...The next day we asked to change rooms due to the lack of water and the renovation construction zone. We moved up to the 7th floor which was marginally better, but the room STUNK and now we not only had no water, but no piping connecting the sink either. This second night we decided to stay with friends rather than bare the kakalaka inn, as we re-named it.The next night we where expecting friends, though the hotel didn't know it. Upon returning to the room, we heard voices in the room. Due to our shocking experience the last time, we decided to knock before entering! It was my friends (Thankfully!), who told us that they had told the front desk that had friends staying in 702. The front desk staff then said, &quot;is your friend XYZ?&quot;, &quot;Yes&quot;, &quot;Do you want a key?&quot;! Remember the staff did not know I was expecting people. Security is not a strong point obviously! I think they would let anyone in who gave them a room number.Anyway, the rest of our stay (5 nights) was tollerable. The bathrooms on the 7th floor where better, though on our last morning the shower doors fell off! Sheets where clean, and towels where plentiful. The elevator is the slowest I have ever encountered and I developed the opinion that there must be a bunch of donkeys on the top of the building pulling on ropes to operate it! I took the stairs even after walking all day as it was MUCH faster!All in all the hotel is not one I would recommend to the faint of heart. Staff where not willing to do much about the fact that we had no water in our room, yet had paid for it. But I must admitt, the location is great and if you are not squeemish, on a budget and not planning to stay in your room much, it would be tollerable but you could likely do better. I will make sure to consult trip advisor BEFORE booking my next hotel! I think I will skip staying at the Hayden again, once was enough.	
Jul 15 2004	Room Okay Common Areas Undersirable	The pictures on the hotels internet site do not truly depict the condition of the rooms or the common areas of the hotel. The outside of the hotel is attractive, especially at night. The hotel is under going a renovation and once you step inside, it seems that either the management is short of the cash required to complete the renovations, or is going at in the wrong manner. I stayed in two different rooms during my stay, both were clean. The bathrooms were the highlight of each of the rooms as they had been renovated. The furniture was old and mismatched. The common areas such as the lobby, elevator and lower floor hallways appeared dirty with stained carpeting, and old fashion furnishings. The hotel over all, based on its pricing, is not a bad deal, for an inexpensive weekend trip to a great NYC neighborhood. However if you are traveling for business or for an impressive romantic weekend, spend the additional dollars for more upscale accomodations.	
Jun 23 2004	Just Terrible	This was one of the worst hotels I've been in. We were meant to stay for two night but checked out after one. The lift did not work (we were on the 7th floor), you bathroom could barely fit the toilet, the shower had not been cleaned and consisted of two pieces of plastic (I would think the floors below would get rather damp), the room was falling apart and was dirty and the renovations noises went on constantly.The only redeeming feature was then when we complained the rate was reduced for the night.	
Jun 23 2004	Never again	I'm still having nightmares! The room was what you would expect for the price, however, the constant circular sawing and drilling in the hall outside the room was not. We had originally intended to stay for 2 nights, however, after the toilet backed up and the elevator broke down within the first 30 mins we quickly made arrangements to move the next day. This meant of course that we had to carry/drag our luggage down 7 flights of stairs, but management was reasonable enough to not only give us a full refund for the 2nd night, but we managed to get the 1st night at half price...we had a very long list of complaints. 	
Jun 19 2004	You get what you pay for	I was on a budget so the Hayden's price fit the bill. The hotel is in a very nice neighborhood with a number of places to grab a quick bit 24/7. As I entered the lobby I was struck by the dingy dacor. The attendent was very curteous. I was informed that the elevator was out of service so I had to walk up to the secopnd floor. The halleay leading to my room was as dingy as the lobby. The walls had water stains and pieces of wall board was falling onto the floor. As I opened the door to my room it was very stark and reminded me of a college dormatory room. The television barly worked as there was no cable connection. The bed mattress was rock hard. The bed linen was clean. There was a sink in the middle of the room. I discivered later on that there was no bathroom in the room itself. There was a community bathroom down the hall.Bottom line: If you want to save some money the Hayden is fine, however for me I will pay a little more and stay someplace else.	
Jun 1 2004	Fine for the money/location	I read the reviews for this hotel only after I had booked it for two nights. Let me tell you that I was scared to death about staying here, but after my arrival everything settled down. The renovations are currently in full swing -- I stayed on the fourth floor which already had the rooms redone. The halls are in flux, but so what? The bed was comfortable and the bathroom, while admittedly tiny, gave me plenty of hot water. The room itself was clean and tidy, dust- and bug-free. There was an in-room a/c unit that worked fine, although tourists in high summer might want to bring a small fan. I was not disturbed by noise or foul smells and felt safe in the room. For the price and the location, I thought this was reasonable. The management was nice, too, offering me a cough drop when my allergies kicked in upon arrival to NYC. Quite courteous. This place is definitely not the Ritz, but for budget-minded travelers who are traveling singly or in pairs, the hotel is a great place to hang your hat at the end of a long day of sight-seeing. It reminded me a bit of a pensione I stayed at in Florence, which is not necessarily a bad thing.	
May 27 2004	Clean and adequate pity about the shoddy renovations.	MAY 18TH-21ST 2004 Having read the reviews, after I had paid in full for my three night stay through alpha-beds, I was dreading going to the Hayden. I became even more concerned after contacting a representative at alpha-beds as he said that he could not guarantee that the room would be clean...he said he had never been there so could not comment. I felt they should not advertise accommodation that failed to meet basic standards. If I'd cancelled I'd have lost £50 and anyway my visit was imminent and I was concerned that I wouldn't get anywhere else in the Upper Westside so I kept the reservation. My son and I went equipped with bedding and towels and fearing the worst.In the event the room (710) was clean, new carpet, new beds, nice enough furniture, nice pictures on the wall, clean bedlinen and towels, air conditioning unit and the staff were very nice...especially Jolande!On the down side, the renovations are extensive and to a very poor standard...the bedhead was nailed to the wall and fell off when I attempted to move the bed, the sink in the room was attached to a leaking plastic pipe so all the water simply gathered in a cupboard underneath and after a couple of hot days began to smell, the drain in the shower was higher than the base so the water didn't drain properly and that too became offensive in the heat, the shower cabinet was very makeshift and the rail was hanging off. the general decor was pretty poor. the light could only be switched on by pulling on a ceiling cord that I (5'5) could not reach, fortunately my 6'2 son could....there were no other lights in the room. In all I was greatly relieved that the Hayden was not as bad as we'd feared. However, I left feeling disappointed in the owner/ management that is sitting with such a gem in a great location and making such a hash of the renovations. Improvements that have been made will not last...the new mattresses had no protective covers and the plumbing fitments and workmanship were awful!I(50+) might return but my 23 year old son most definately won't!!!!	
May 25 2004	absolutely filthy 	The most filthy, disgusting, unsanitary hotel in which I have ever stayed. I would have been better off pitching a tent in Central Park. My room had no air conditioning, which they failed to mention on the website, and the temp. at night was in the low 90's. My room had mice (plural!!) and was full of roaches. The bathroom had holes in the walls allowing you to see right through the pipes and into your neighbor's room. The walls were paper thin. The door, which had huge cracks in it, was paper thin and not secure. I felt very unsafe. I checked out after staying one night! 	
Apr 21 2004	Good Basic no frills hotel	Just got back from staying at the Hayden and before we left, I read all the reviews (most of them negative!) so was expecting the worst when we got there. We stayed in 412 which has its own shower/toilet and although it was small and could have done with a lick of paint, it was clean, and met our needs. The lady at reception was very nice and the housekeepers were all very friendly (big shout to Yolanda!) English is not their first language (most of them are Hispanic) but they try and if you learn a bit of Spanish, (Hola and Gracias!) it goes a long way. The room was cleaned everyday with fresh towels left and the sheets were changed a couple of times during our 5 night stay. We were looking for something cheap and clean and we got it. I would rather pay less on a hotel, considering the amount of time we spent in the room and save my pennies for shopping! great location, right next to central park and the subway is close too, with good shops and coffee bars right round the corner, will deffo go back there the next time we go to NY. The communal bathrooms were clean and they are slowly re-decorating the place. It is a safe clean cheap (by NY standard) hotel. Wide variety of people stay, and a few people we met had stayed there before....cant be that bad!!	
Apr 21 2004	Worst hotel we've ever been it	Went in April 2004 - The place is a dump. Dirty, lots of things broken and damaged (like windows that don't close), shower enclosure windows broken, No curtains, filthy carpet, electricity wires open etc etc - the list is endless. This place is a health hazard and should be closed down. Better to spend a bit more and get a decent place, you will regret staying in this place.	
Apr 8 2004	OK for the price	I stayed here for one Saturday night in August 2003. The location was awesome - right near Central Park, Natural History Museum and a great Sunday flea market. It was what I expected for the price - a place that a starving artist might live in. (Made me feel like a real struggling New Yorker&lt;g&gt;!)The room was a decent size, had a functional tv, a wash basin, two twin beds (which I pushed together) and even a private toilet - all for around $90 (including tax). The toilet cracked me up though - it was smaller than an airplane toilet and had been obviously been added as an afterthought. You had to walk up one step and a large person would not have fit in there!The one complaint was that the elevator took way too long to get up to my floor (was near the top floor) so I had to keep taking the steps.I was only staying for one night so I was able to tolerate the room b/c the location was so nice. I even found free parking right on the street just steps from the hotel!	
Jan 26 2004	almost but not acceptable	I was pleased when my girlfriend and I first arrived at the hotel -- the location is good (right next to Central Park, two blocks from Zabar's and Sarabeth's, very close to a couple of different subway lines and a cross-town bus) and the room was tiny but perfectly fine. The problem came up at night, when we realized that everything in the next room (as a previous poster has said, what was obviously once part of the same room, now partitioned off by a thin sheet of plywood) was as audible to us as if there had been no wall. Until 2:00 am we clearly heard their TV (X-Files), their conversations (about some hot but manipulative girl being into one of them), their cell-phone arguments (with someone in Chicago, over what time someone's sister was getting home from a date), their nose-blowings, mysterious steam sounds -- everything. And though they were up late for my own taste, they were not talking or TV-watching particularly loudly. We ended up pushing the bed to the other side fo the room, so that our heads were by the window and the sounds from next door were a little drowned out by the traffic noises. Also, minor problem: the cosmetically renovated bathroom had cheap enough plumbing that the sink had no gas trap. The bathroom smelled of sewage.	
Jan 6 2004	Oh MY GOD!	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I can understand the point that some of the other poster's have made,i.e. If you want luxury then you should have to pay for it, but I have stayed in Paris (x3), Amsterdam, Barcelona, Cologne and many other budget hotels and have always had an enjoyable experience. I usually like to spend quite a lot of money when I go away, but I prefer to spend it in restaraunts, bars, shopping etc which is why I thought that a budget NY hotel would suit me fine. I have always thought of hotels as primarily a place to sleep, after all, who wants to go to NY and spend all of there time in a hotel room? I always thought of myself as the kind of guy that would be happy with anywhere as long as I could get my head down for the night....how wrong I was!!I booked the Hayden by yahoo.co.uk travel. I arrived at about 13:00 on a Thursday and was able to check in straight away. Sitting in the lobby were two guys who happened to be from where I'm from in London. they were just leaving to get to the airport. They told me that it wasn't very good, I now realise that this was an attempt at the understatement of the year so as not to ruin my holiday by telling me the truth!I was immediately a bit suspicous as none of the desk staff spoke english, I went to my room and I couldn't beleive that I had actually booked it. It was an absolute disgrace, I half imagined that I would see prostitutes and crack dealers roaming the halls! The first night that I went out I was in a state of panic at the thought of having to go back to the hayden and was seriously considering booking into the Hilton for the rest of the trip. My one saving grace was that the Friday night/saturday morning (4am EST) was the rugby world cup final which i went to watch in Clancy's pub. Therefore I didnt actaully go to bed on friday night and just about managed to grab a couple of hrs sleep on saturday morning so I suppose technically I only spent 2 nights at the hayden. Anyway, to summise, an all round horrible experience and I would advise anyone to stay well clear. YOu can find much better for the same price, alternatively, it really is worth the extra few bucks for a nicer hotel.	
Dec 12 2003	Fair but you can do better for the same price.	The Hayden is rather run down. There was some renovation activity going on during our visit, but most of the rooms I saw, including ours, were not top flight.The private baths are rather jury rigged affairs that are neither inviting nor comfortable. They appear to be hasty installations to a hotel that originally had no private facilities.The room itself was drab, with bare light bulbs. On the good side, the staff was fine and the clientele mostly other middle-class people looking for a bargain.For the same price, you can get better accomodations, but you have to be willing to look.	
Oct 29 2003	Hayden Hall is good enough!	I didn't have any problems. The main thing is I felt safe. If you're not real picky, you certainly can't beat the price. You tend to walk a lot in NYC anyway, so a bed to lay your exhausted body until you go out again the next day is good enough for me.	
Oct 24 2003	Best Hotel Ever	Best hotel ever. Had a jacuzzi in my room and they brought the compimentary breakfast up to the room in the morning. Excellent service.	
Oct 21 2003	***Don't stay at this hotel***	I booked a single room for one night at the Hayden Hall hotel, New York on the 13th September 2003. The website quotes the check-in time as being 15:00. Upon arrival I witnessed a disturbing scene. A French visitor was asking for his personal valuables from the receptionist. He was given an empty box. When he tried to ask the receptionist to look again, the receptionist brusquely told him that that was all there was. Another waiting guest and I looked on as the French visitor understandably became irate with the receptionist, who then made an effort to &quot;take another look&quot;. The correct box was then found... The other waiting guest and I were then told that rooms were not ready yet. At this stage, the time was 14:55. We were told that we could leave our luggage in the storage room. But after witnessing that disturbing scene, we were very reluctant to do so. In the end, after much arguing we had to wait until 15:15 before the receptionist checked us in. When asked for his name, the receptionist refused to give a surname. All he would divulge was his first name (Robert) which probably wasn't his real name anyway. Fortunately, the other waiting guest was an officer which probably gave us a bit more leverage. My room was on the 7th floor. The floor decor was extremely unkempt and old as was my room. Everything about the room was at least 10 years old. Paintwork, fridge, TV, ceiling fan (there is no air conditioning) and bed. The towels were stained. The bathroom was also of the same condition. When I took a shower, I had to wait 10 minutes before any hot water came through the taps. The bathdrain blocked up almost immediately leaving me swimming in soapy water during my shower. Funnily enough, I ventured onto the floor below during the night since the shared toilet was occupied. I found that the bathroom/toilet on the 6th floor was a completely different story and was obviously recently refurbished. I can't say whether the rooms on the other floors were any different from mine but it seemed to me that you get what you pay for. The other waiting guest paid a lot more for his room but got a room on the 4th floor. My advice is to steer clear of this hotel unless you are really strapped for cash. It spoilt my night in New York and I was very uneasy about the safety factor.	
Oct 19 2003	Possible the Worst Hotel in New York	We needed a place on the West Side before the World Series game. We checked the picture on the Website, and figured we were only going to spend 7 hours in the room anyway- let's give it a shot.  So we arrived Thursday evening. The front desk clerk was multilingual... in every language except English. After a 1/2 hour check in, we went to the room. Luckily, New York was comnfortable at 60 degrees because the room did not have any heat. I don't mean the heat wasn't working; the room actually lacked a radiator which was removed from the floor leaving the pipes exposed. To warm up the bathroom, we let the blow dryer run for 30 minutes.  The wood floor was filthy and the rug wasn't much better. The bed was actually comfortable though and the t.v. and phone worked. There were no furnishings to speak of. It was actually quiet from 3 a.m.until 7 a.m. until we were awakened by the opera singer in the adjoining room.  I would advise staying there if you want a good New York war story. It is too bad it couldn't be disinfected because the location is great right off of the Henry Hudson Parkway exit at 79th street and is convenient to the subways and Lincoln Center. I would bring my own bedding next time along with a few gallons of Odo-Ban and start drinking heavily to pass the time.  But it didn't jinx us. We saw the best 7th game in history for us Yankee fans as the Yankees tore the hearts out of the Boston Red Sox yet another year.	
Oct 15 2003 	Holy ****! Bugs in the bed!	My brother and I stayed there in January 2003. There were small black bugs in the bed, duck tape holding the broken slabs of glass that made up the window, a face towel acting as the gap between the window and window sill. The bathroom rarely had toliet paper, and had broken shower sliding doors that jammed- (very scary when you cant get out for a bit!) The heat did not work, and the front desk refused to give us a second blanket in the middle of bloody winter! AHHHH! For your sake, find another place- I'll put it this way---I'd rather of slept on the floor in the lobby, than the room I paid for....filthy.	
Sep 14 2003	If only I had seen these reviews beforehand	I came across the Hayden Hotel on the internet and having seen the rooms displayed on their website was more than happy to stay there. Decent cleans rooms at an affordable price or so I thought. I booked a double room with a private bathroom for myself and a friend who was due to arrive later that day. A young couple ahead of me at checking in were already upset on arrival which should have given me some indictaion of what to expect. They had paid for a room only to find that it had been double booked and they had nowhere to stay, a lucky escape some might say. Having paid on arrival and given the price of $79 per night I then found that I was going to have to pay $99 but hey I thought that's still cheap for what I was expecting. From the website I was under the impression that I would be getting a newly refurbished room with a private bathroom, TV with HBO movies and all the general amenities you might expect. What I got was a tatty room with a stained, dirty thread bare carpet, mirrors covered in mould, a ceiling fan that had not been cleaned since time began, dirty sheets, pubic hairs on the toilet seat, the shower was hanging from the wall, a tv with only 2 channels, a remote that did not work, a wonky table and 2 metal folding chairs to sit on, paint peeling from the dirty brown walls and the view from the window was a wall. Having complained I was told that only the top 2 floors had been refurbished as yet and that they would move me the next day. To be fair they were as good as their word and did give us a marginally better room freshly decorated walls, clean bathroom and half decent furniture. However locking the door to the room was difficult to say the least as it didnt shut properly and the maid service was dire not once was the bed linen changed the most you could expect was the rubbish taken away and occasionally some clean towels. The room itself had obviously at one time been bigger and now converted in two with a paper thin wall. This meant that the couple in the next room who were into whips and chains could be heard clearly at all hours. The location was excellent fairly quiet and close to all the sights and easy for hailing a taxi. After coming back one evening from sight seeing they did add a curtain rail and curtain to the window so we could have some privacy. Unfortunately their plumbing also leaves a lot to be desired and we awoke one morning to someone else's excrement blocking our toilet. Having reported this it was dealt with promptly. On checking out I was charged $421 worth of phone calls for three 10 min conversations. Granted they were international calls but I think was extreme. If you do decide to stay at this hotel be VERY specific on what you require and hopefully you may get it. After a lot of shouting and being persistent I got the price of my room discounted and the call charges dropped	
Sep 5 2003	Stay away-they cheat!!		
Sep 4 2003	kids from fame		
May 22 2003	It wasn't the Ritz but it was ok		
May 5 2003	What a dump!		
Mar 31 2003	Stay Away From Hayden Hole!		
Mar 11 2003	It was alright		
Feb 5 2003	horrible		
Nov 18 2002	Small But Charming...		
Nov 12 2002	The worst ever		
Sep 8 2002	Hayden Hall Hole!		
Nov 15 2009 	5-Tage New York		
Oct 27 2009 	Un poco lejos. Pero lindo		
Oct 14 2009 	sehr nettes Hotel		
Sep 1 2009 	Top Lage		
Sep 1 2009 	Pas génial!		
Jul 26 2009 	buon hotel gestito molto professionalmente		
Jul 25 2009 	??????????		
Jul 3 2009 	sans plus		
Jun 5 2009 	?????????????????		
May 11 2009 	hotel très bien situé excellent rapport qualité prix		
May 2 2009 	un emplacement idéal		
Apr 24 2009 	Sehr gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis und gute Lage !		
Apr 13 2009 	Volvería a repetir		
Apr 3 2009 	perfetto		
Dec 6 2008 	Excellent hotel		
Oct 13 2008 	Excelente perfecto para nosotros		
Sep 4 2008 	está muy bien		
Aug 28 2008 	Essenziale ma Pulito Accogliente in Posizione Strategica		
Aug 25 2008 	Très bon hotel !!		
Aug 19 2008	personnel odieux		
Aug 13 2008 	Trés bon hôtel		
Apr 4 2008 	Justito pero bien situado		
Mar 4 2008 	Un hotel à recommander		
Dec 14 2007 	Ottim asistemazione a NY		
