Nov 23 2009 	Great Location -	I just got back from NYC with my husband and six year old daughter. We stayed for three nights at the Night Hotel. We booked through Priceline and we got a good deal. Good thing we got a good deal and the hotel was in a convenient location because from our point of view that's about all it has going for it. I don't really care about the decor or the fact that it's trying really hard to be this &quot;goth&quot; getaway while the majority of travellers staying at the hotel were anything but goth. What really bothered us was the way we were greeted at the front desk and the lack of pretty basic hotel services. After we booked online with Priceline, my husband called the hotel to request a king bed. He was told that they wouldn't guarantee the request, but they would try. That was fine. When we arrived at the hotel we were greeted at the front desk by a less than pleasant employee who loudly told us (and the rest of the lobby) that because we booked with Priceline we would be getting the cheapest room in the hotel. We could upgrade to a king for an extra $30 a night. We chose to take the &quot;cheapest room&quot; in the hotel. There was nothing wrong with the size of the room (it's NYC - space is at a premium) and a queen size bed was fine.Rather than concentrating on the black and white interiors and the nude photos in the front lobby, or the music pumped into the halls, or the business cards with your name on them and words &quot;in residence&quot; printed for you, they need to concentrate on a few other things. Things like sheets that fit the bed (they use flat sheets that aren't big enough so they pull out from the under the mattress), replacing used or almost gone supplies (we had to ask for toilet paper, shampoo and conditioner), and ensuring that the &quot;queen&quot; sized bed is just that. My husband is 6'2&quot; and I am 5'11' and we both spent the night cracking our ankles on the footboard. There was also absolutely no natural light in the room. We took to calling it the bat cave.We travel a lot. We are accustomed to small boutique hotels and so is our daughter. If the hotel only wants a certain type of travellers then don't advertise on Priceline, especially in the section where you don't know what you are booking until after your bid has been accepted. Needless to say, we won't be back and we wouldn't recommend it either. It is in a great location. We walked everywhere we wanted to go.	
Nov 10 2009 	great find in theater district	My husband and I stayed at the Night Hotel for one night when we went to the NY theater. The hotel was fantastic -- loaded with character and very convenient. The front desk staff were extremely helpful, the rooms were dramatic -- black and white and shiny -- and the location was perfect. There's a bar with live music, which was a pleasant surprise. Our room had no view -- just an airshaft -- but that hardly matters in NYC. We also got a terrific price on priceline.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great 'goth' type hotel in a great location	Ok, so it wont be everybody's taste but we loved it. Great location on W45th street between 6th and 7th Avenues for theatre with just a 10 min walk to 5th for the serious shopper.Small hotel (75 rooms) 2min walk from Times Sq and the ticket office, 7mins walk to 42nd street &amp; the red line (the one train) subway. Rooms are small as usual in manhattan but our first room had a great big double shower. Be aware, there is little or no space to store clothes. We were there for five days and returned for another five days later on in our trip and although the second room had a &quot;queen size bed&quot; the cheaper room (front facing)was better. The Queen room WAS facing out the back so we got more sleep then. Ladies, my partner says the light in the room is NOT GOOD for getting organised to go out but I thought the under bed lighting was a cool touch. Noisey music in the corridors quite often but staff sorted that any time we asked. The small continental breakfast prooved adequate for us....tea, coffee, bagels, some cakes and bananas, but if you want more, there a deli/shop accress the road that does lovely fruit and is open really late too!!! Internet access is also available in that deli. The whole place is done in black &amp; white...kind of gothic/ erotic???We found the staff friendly and helpful. A tiny bar in the hotel but you wont be staying there except to sleep. We would definitely recommend the hotel although at approx €210/$300 the average nightly rate Oct 2009 (plus 15% taxes) it is expensive.Hope this helped you!!!Michael	
Nov 2 2009 	Nice and comfortable hotel...	I was very happy with this hotel, there were a few teething problems such as, we were promised Molton Brown products but when we got there we were given cheap alternatives. However, when I complained, I was given a huge bag of the MB products. The towel rail was broken and when I complained about that we were moved to a different and better room. The service was very good and I was particularly impressed by one of the guys on the front desk who was extremely friendly, funny and helpful. All in all, the hotel felt a little bit shabby and worn but it was comfortable and very centrally located, about a 20 second walk from the bright and gaudy lights of Times Square. The breakfast was great – bagels, croissants and cereal – lots of tea, coffee and OJ. Nothing fancy, but perfectly nice. I would recommend The Night Hotel; it wasn’t quite the luxury experience I was expecting but was very nice and comfortable.	
Oct 29 2009 	Dark Dingy Overpriced	We booked 3 nights at this hotel on a romantic package - $329 per night, so not cheap. We arrived a 8pm, had a long day travelling and we were told the room wasn't ready. Yes 8pm in the evening and this is supposed to be the 'hotel' in New York.Very overpriced, yes its called the 'night hotel' but it goes to the extreme with the dark element, you need a torch to go to the loo... Don't bother, don't waste your money....	
Oct 26 2009 	Funky hotel great location	Ignore the bad reviews for this hotel, some people must have very little going on in their lives if all they have to complaint about is the lack of a fitted sheet! Yes the rooms are not huge but thats boutique hotels for you and you should be out exploriing New York not sat in your room! Yes the shower screen was too short and the water leaked but so what - mop it up! The hotel is exactly as it looks on their website, cool sexy and stylish. Great for a weekend away, brilliant location just 2 minutes walk and your in times square. Staff were friendly, bed was super comfy, continential breakfast nothing fancy but as expected. Great for a short break - would highly recommend!!	
Oct 21 2009 	Great hotelfantastic locationnothing negative to say about it	The theme of this hotel is as the suggests.It is decorated in black and white and is very dark everywhere.A small but great hotel.The rooms are decorated in art deco style and have everything you need inc a hairdryer,plasma tv,ipod dock,safeBathroom is small and so are rooms but as you do not spend much there it does not matter.Shower is good and small shower gel,body lotion,shower cap and soap provided.I always take small size toiletries,there is a thin cupboard under sink (with hairdryer) and a shelf above.All bedlinen and towels are soft and very clean.Ac can be a bit noisy .Continental breakfast inc,the only place to eat is bar area which is fine with low coffee tables.Food available in eve and usually some form of musical entertainment.There isa nice outside smoking area with chairs so you dont have to stand at front of hotel if you smoke.All staff very friendly and helpful.Location is amazing,couple of coffee shops/delis opp to the right,varous restaurants all around.Very close to subway,Rockefeller centre and Fifth Ave.Lots of Spanish guests.Would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Dark sexy and small	I stayed there for one night in May, and I think the lobby is truly cool! The staff was friendly, and absolutely accommodating with little more to say than, &quot;yes&quot;. Isn't that all we need to hear from an employee of a hotel? The room was just as the photos have explained. It was small, with a crappy view (welcome to New York) and there were only two items that I did not appreciate. The first was the Diamond plate in the Bathroom... not keeping with the of this hotel, rather in the theme of perhaps a NASCAR themed room, and secondly, the tile was black diamond hex in the shower. Black tile shows soap scum quickly, and in this room there was no exception. We showered with a towel on the floor. Unfortunately, the design was telling of someone who is not going to be cleaning. haha	
Oct 9 2009 	Perfect Night Away	Our recent stay at the Night Hotel was absolutely perfect. The Hotel was everything we were looking for and more. We always look for boutique hotels due to the unique personality in design and personal service from the staff. The staff went out of there way to be accommodating , helpful and were very friendly. The design of the hotel was not only unique and hip, but incredibly sexy. It was a wonderful night away. The room was fantastic, and the location is second to none. Night is definitely our new home when spending the night in NYC.	
Oct 6 2009 	I would not recommend this hotel	Overall I would not recommend this hotel unless you know NYC. It's over-priced and the service from the staff isn't great. The location, however, is great and close to Times Square and the hotel was clean and modern. Below is some key points from our experience.- We chose this hotel based on the feedback from trip advisor.- We were planning to stay in this hotel for 8 nights but ended up moving to the Belvedere Hotel which I would recommend over the Night hotel.- The room was so small we struggled to store our belongings and 2 suitcases (1 large and 1 medium size). We fell over each other the entire time we stayed there. Luckily we weren't in the room much but the below list just added to our decision to move hotels.- The bed was a double with a bar at the bottom of it so my boyfriend didn't get any sleep as his feet hung painfully over the edge. So for anyone who is over 6 feet tall I would not recommend.- The people at the front desk were shockingly bad. This experience has turned me off boutique hotels and we now only book hotels that belong to a chain. There was 1 guy at the desk who was good and in the end we just didn't ask anyone and waiting until he started his shift to ask questions. For example, we were planning to attend the Jets game at the Giants Stadium in NJ so we asked the front desk how they would suggest getting there. They had no idea and then continued to recommend some company they had an alliance to which would have cost us a fortune. They didn't even know where the Times Square information desk was. In the end we found it ourselves and it cost us $20 USD return compared to the $75 USD each way the Night Hotel wanted us to book with them. Another example was when we asked how to dial out of the hotel to make a call. They kept giving us the incorrect instructions so we asked them to put us directly through to the number we wanted to dial they reluctantly did so but it was a struggle to ask them to do anything. Our experience with the hotel continued with several examples like the above.- The breakfast is very basic. We were happy with the breakfast but just be aware that it's cereal and croissants.- The hotel is very dark - maybe that's the reason is called the Night hotel. There are very few windows. - We have stayed in 4 hotels in NYC including the Sheraton and the Belvedere and the Night is at the bottom of the list.- I enjoyed their Bee Nice products supplied in the room (shampoo and moisuriser).	
Oct 5 2009 	Different but good	Half a block east of Times Square, a small hotel geared to the younger crowd but welcomed us anyway. The room was adequate in size, the black and white decor took some getting used to. We really could have used a flashlight to find our way around the closet and the elegant table against the wall would have better been served as a dresser so we wouldn't have suitcases all over the floor. The bed was great, nice linens, flat screen TV. Very good continental breakfast in the AM, New York Times and USA today complimentary. Noah was by far the most helpful desk person, all of the doormen were helpful. Late September appears to be a tough time to find a room in New York, this served our purpose well.	
Sep 17 2009 	I really dont understand some people....	You can see from the decor its a dark and Gothic hotel and yet some people still moan!I loved my stay here, it has a great vibe and everyone that we came across that worked there were great, especially the reception staff! Our room was big enough for me and my friend-and we travel we loads of clothes, toiletries etc....its not as big as some rooms, but on my experience, this is by far not the smallest I've stayed in (Hong Kong!)The only down side is the air con can be loud but i figured out how to switch it off, turn the temp higher or lower. As for the internet and calling charges, there's a cafe opposite that charges $5 for 30 mins of internet-so you have options.Would definately stay here again, and its only 1!! minute from times square and 5 mins from 5th avenue.Well worth the money!	
Sep 16 2009 	I stayed here so you don't have to	When visiting New York City, i suppose the last thing you want to do is live in your hotel room - especially when you're a block from Times Square. Nevertheless, at $300 a night, I expect better. The building has a vibe about it - sexy, trendy, and a bit rock and roll - which certainly gets your heart going when you step into the lobby. The room was a bit disappointing. Very cramped (i guess that's what boutique means?) main area, with a view of a brick wall, but the bed was very nice. The sheets were of high quality, but were comprised of 2 top sheets (no fitted sheet), so oftentimes throughout the night my feet were on bare mattress (which was a little annoying). I would call the decor &quot;neo-gothic hollywood regency&quot;. The iron left rust stains on my shirt. The bathroom was the worst for me. It seemed they tried to finish construction on the place in a hurry to start having guests. The shower curtain did not go all the way down, so after a shower, i stepped out onto a soaked towel and wet floor. The honeycomb tile was coming off around the toilet paper holder so it would not stay up, and the soap dish on the sink was too big for the faucet to be operated around. On the bed and in the bathroom were little signs that talked of the hotel's &quot;commitment to sustainability&quot;, and asked that if we wished to join them in that venture, we reuse our towels and sheets. I did not anywhere see them taking measures to increase their own besides this (on the contrary - outside every room there is an LCD monitor of fish, which runs 24/7, none of the lights are compact fluorescents, and the air conditioning was turned to 63F when we checked in on a 90 degree day), which makes me question if they're merely trying to cut labor costs. Breakfast was meager - reminiscent of a Holiday Inn, and the Sunday we stayed, they ran out of food before they should have. Nothing special. Sunday we did lunch next door at Bond45 (it was great!). The hotel service left something to be desired. When we were face-to-face in the lobby, the concierge was helpful with directions, but calls to him from the room were only answered half the time. Of the times I got through, i called for ice (which was never delivered), and once to find out what the monograms on the pillows stood for (he didn't know what i was talking about, then guessed &quot;just for decoration&quot;). I later noticed when there was only one concierge on, he would often be outside playing with his phone or taking a smoke break. I was not aware there was a fitness center or a business center until just a moment ago when I had to look it up. i wish the front desk attendant would have let us know. The good:*Great location to be a tourist*Bee Kind bath products *Wall-mounted big TV and Bose radio*Exciting decor *Comfortable bed*Personalized &quot;resident&quot; card The bad:*Mediocre breakfast*Mediocre concierge*Improper bedding*ValueThe ugly:*Finish on the bathroom*Implied &quot;commitment to sustainability&quot;	
Sep 11 2009 	Small and overpriced rooms	The theme of the hotel was interesting, but the rooms were tiny and overpriced even by NY standards. Staff were very unconcerned out the building foundation excavation going on outside our window starting at about 7am. And the breakfast was so poor they may as well not have bothered. Would never go back.	
Sep 8 2009 	Good hotel in heart of new york	A very trendy hotel just a stones throw from Times Square, first impressions are quite intimidating with loud music in the lobby and very low lighting mixed with the black decoration. However the staff are very friendly and made us feel very welcome. The rooms are TINY (I think its expected in new york), and anyone above 5'8 is going to struggle in the bed which was shorter than usual to fit the room (22). Again the rooms are stylish and spotlessly clean. This hotel is definitely one for the trendy young traveller. I had a great stay at Night you will too!	
Sep 2 2009 	It's all about Location!	I was dubious at first, but to be honest our stay couldn't have been more pleasant.The Night Hotel has an amazing location. Easy access to all sorts of transportation, and literally 25 steps from the centre of Times Square.The staff (and here's where I had reservations...) were excellent. Young, yes, but very willing and able to answer even the most banal touristy questions. I can't fault them.The rooms were on the small side, but frankly, you're in NY for the city, not the rooms. I will say the beds and the dark ambience helped me have some of the best nights sleep I've had for ages.The free breakfast is functional, but again, the city beckons, so skip it and grab a tasty danish and coffee on the go.I travel a great deal for work and usually stay in the chains (Hilton, Westin et al), but this has opened my eyes. Good value, great location, terrific beds. I'd absolutely recommend it.	
Aug 28 2009 	good value for money	Good location (beside time square) for tourism; thought not the most charming neighbourhood of NY. Rooms were clean and nicely decorated; but quite small and ours had no window (well there was one but with a wall at 50cm); so day light doesn't enter. Overall good value for money.	
Aug 14 2009 	Location vs. price - difficult to beat this one	OK - if you are looking for a Marriott, Hyatt, Hilton etc etc, then move on. This is not your run of mill chain, where you know how your soaps will be set up before you start.&quot;Night Hotel&quot; is a compact boutique establishment, just 20 paces from Times Square. The location could not be better for downtown NYC. The rooms are, well, small. However, for the price paid (around $175) then I am not complaining.The hotel is decked out in black, white, grey and silver tones. This does not give a dark, depressing feel, but a contemporary air about the place.I spent one night there in July '09, but did not get a chance to test the bar/food at the hotel. To be honest, the rest of NYC is right on your doorstep - perfect location.I would not necessarily spend a week at the place, but for a short break it is ideal!	
Aug 10 2009 	Night Hotel - Botique on 45th	Great styling, all black&amp;white, with a wonderful carpet and even sexy neon lights under the bed!The wifi unfortunately costs 10$/day.The breakfast was okay, orange juice, muffin, cornflakes and a croissant.	
Aug 9 2009 	Loved it :)	This was our first trip to new york and we didn't know what to expect.. We got a bargain price for this hotel- all I could see on google is that we were near times sq...We got there- staff very welcoming.. helped us up to our room.. Room very funky and spacious.. Had room service one night which was good after a few drinks.. Although not the tastiest of meals in the worldI recommend going to local deli's for food on the go and a must for pancakes etc in mornings..I wouldn't pay a massive amount of money here- but if you are getting bargain deal, this hotel is in such a location and is pretty young &amp; funky. ;)	
Jul 30 2009 	Great location and very sexy!	Just steps away from the center of Times Square, this was an amazing hotel. The rooms looked exactly as they appeared on the website. You don't always get what you see, but I was very happy with this one. When we arrived early, the staff were very friendly, and held our luggage until check-in time. This allowed us to explore the city for a few hours. We came back for check-in and everything was ready for us. They even had a couple of business cards made up for my husband. Very nice touch!Room was uber-sexy. Size was perfect, and they paid attention to the decor of every corner of the room. It was gorgeous. Very clean, and nice upgrades like the BOSE CD Player and Flat Screen TV. Bathroom could use a shower curtain, but no big deal.Complimentary continental breakfast was included, but don't bank on it if you're looking for some variety. Just bagels, cereal and bananas with coffee/tea/OJ. On our last day we came down and there was no food or plates out about an hour before breakfast was over. Again, no big deal, we just found somewhere to eat in the city.Hotel staff was helpful in suggesting places to go and with directions too.The lounge was dead every night we stayed. Mind you, was Sun-Wed so I can't vouch for the weekend prime nights.Would definitely stay here again. A great experience and the rooms are a must-see!	
Jul 23 2009 	An amazing experience...	I stayed at the Night hotel at the end of June. It was an exciting and unique experience. The decoration was very sleek and kind of sexy. The room was bigger than we were expecting and despite we didnt spend too much time in the room, it was a lovely and comfortable room. Great shower, fantastic bed, maybe the air con a bit too noisy. The staff was very welcoming and helpful at all times. Breakfast was not bad, but with limited options so we ended up having breakfast at Starbucks. The location was great, everything was near by. If you like to explore by foot, you can easily walk everywhere from the Night Hotel. It was my third time in NYC and by far, it was the most special...	
Jul 22 2009 	Nice Trendy Small Hotel	Checked in for one night. We usually stay at The Time, their sister hotel, but they were booked. The staff was very nice at the desk. The hotel does have a young, trendy vibe about it and we were welcomed warmly by everyone at the front desk , my husband and the one staff worker were talking about where they get their tattoo work done. Maybe if you are an old fuddy duddy you dont get the same treatment, I dont know (but why would you want to stay in this goth themed hotel anyway?) It is not an age thing, my husband &amp; I are both over 35..Excellent location, right off Times Square. Valet parking was $55 for 24 hours, not sure why the one reviewer paid $90. Standard room was small of course, but strikingly decorated and spotless! Bed was comfy. Somewhat noisy but maybe that was just the people on our floor ?. Don't people realize there are other people in rooms when they are yelling down the hallway? Air conditioner was somewhat noisy too.This hotel is very small. The bar is small, you feel cramped if you sit at it. But there is another area where you can sit on chairs and couches. The bartender was nice. There is no restaurant.Overall a good experience but I think we will go back to the Time, it is much larger with a large bar and restaurant area and a cool bar on the 2nd floor. We checked out the Dream, the other sister hotel, the rooftop was amazing, not sure how the rooms are, we may check that hotel out next time. We like the small boutique hotels, take them any day over the chains, much more intimate and fun!I have to mention, after spending the day in the city we called for our car from a cab on the way back to the hotel, it was waiting for us at the curb, our luggage took about a MINUTE to come down. I never checked in and out of a hotel so quickly! Front desk staff gave us the quickest way to the tunnel and we were off in 5 minutes beating the rush hour traffic.	
Jul 16 2009 	Perfect location out of the ordinary design.	This hotel is situated right in the middle of things: between Times square and 6th Avenue. What a great location ! Nice rooms, good service. Breakfast is a bit spartan, but ok. The interior design of the hotel is remarkable, like it or not. You'll see it when you get there :). The rooms were a bit noisy and the bed was strangely short, but all in all a nice and very complete hotel, with all of midtown Manhattan at walking distance !	
Jul 14 2009 	Thee Best	We really had a good time staying at the “Night”, Location is Perfect (few yards from Times Sq.) , Rates are very reasonable, Front desk reception was warm, Theme is excitant, room service was fast, room was cozy and quite (go for rooms # 21, 22, 31, 32, 41,42…….81,82) and comes with continental breakfast. We were five couples in this trip, other couple stayed at the Time square Marriott and Roosevelt hotel and they were not up to their expectation.Like it, love it and will come back to it (five out of five).	
Jul 7 2009 	Christmas in NYC	Arrived in NYC to snow, which was amazing. Hotel from the outside looked dark and gothic as described when booking. Inside was rather plush in the lobby. Staff checking us in were helpful but very young, without the warmth you might expect from hotel staff. Our room was slightly small but more than adequate for our needs. The bathroom was a wet room and not the most practical, but as i wasnt cleaning it didnt matter. very little hanging space for clothes etc. Toiletries were not replenished after using the small &quot;Molton Brown&quot; goodies. Breakfast was more than adequate but the room was so dark and on our last morning they ran out of bagels and pasteries. Location was amazing right in the heart of the city. We had an amazing trip, got engaged so all in all would recommenc this hotel, as really, it is somewhere to rest your bones after walking the many wonderful streets and avenues.	
Jul 5 2009 	Dirty. Old. Outdated. Very Rude staff.	As a regular traveler to NYC, I decided to give this hotel a try with the fair rates they were offering. The lobby/reception is grand looking. That is about all that is grand about this hotel. I was amused waiting in line to check-in upon arrival to watch the front desk staff treating every guest checking in very cold and rude. No smiles. No courtesy. No eye contact by the ladies checking in the guests. VERY rough around the edges which I usually do NOT experience in NYC, especially at hotels. The doormen, bellboys more interested in their conversations amongst themselves and harassing/talking about the guests as they must believe no Americans speak any other language but Engish so to understand their rude comments about the guests. Housekeeping must have very little standards given to them for cleanliness of the rooms. We found blood stains on the sheets. So removed them, placed them on the floor and went to sleep as disgusted as we were. Towels also had stains and hair all over them. Tub &amp; toilet more hair. I found the hallways, our room, elevators just very dirty, run down and simply disgusting. Would not return back to this hotel or recommend it.	
Jul 4 2009 	Amazing! Clean praticle stylish trendy great location and comfy!	It's my second time in NYC and I absolutly loved my stay! (The first time I stayed at the stay hotel.. very similar... but the night is way better! )First off... a little trick to pay less: When booking on the site (they have good prices) they give you a reservation number where you can change the info for your stay or change the dates etc. I booked a standard room for 165 a night. I checked back (with the link to modify my stay) about 1 week before and, for the same dates, I could have a superior queen room for 150 a night! So I got a bigger room for less!Clean!: The hotel is super clean and the maids are very nice! For the entrance to the toilets... everytime was perfectRoom: I suggest booking a queen room (superior). I sayed in a standard room before and it was the size of my superior room at the night. The bed was really comfy! Nice t.v. and so many channels (more than 150). Super stylish and sexy! A lot of place to store your things! There's a mini bar but beware,,, it you just want to sneak in to look at what's inside or to store something... Don't move anything beacause they will charge you (sensor). I booked this hotel 2 months in advance and they charged me my room when I arrived there.Breakfest: The same every morning... but it's ok! Always fresh and tasty.. makes you save a couple of dollars. There was: orange juice, coffee, cereal, milk. Croissant, bagels and little healthy muffins. Staff: the staff was so welcoming.... they were all like that... treated you like a friend witch was really appreciated. Very good service. Internet: there's a 10$ charge for the internet (for 24h)... Usually.. in other hotels it's free.Location: Location is great... right in the middle of time square! There's a great pub in front. There's also an amazin restaurant close by (44th street) Scarletto! You must go there!!!! AMAZING FOOD and not expensive for authentic italian cuisine!Parking: th parking is way too expensive!! 90$ for 24 hours... forget it! HINT: Go on 44th or 46th and you'll find one for 40$ (for 24 h)..http://centralparking.com/new-york/38-w-46th-st.html You can go to this adress to fing good deals. Leave you luggage and go park your car! Price: Very worth it!!!	
Jun 20 2009 	Hubby's big 40th bday night out with friends this hotel was great!	I have to say this first off theis hotel was CLEAN! The room was immaculate and so was the bathroom. As someone also stated they maximize space amazingly. The staff was friendly and very helpful. We were greeted by the doorman and the reception desk as well. We booked a queen sized room and discovered we were given a little bigger room, same sized bed but the floor spce was bigger than the average room. Our friends who check in a few hours later had a smaller room. Ours had a pretty decent sitting area which made the room feel a lot bigger. The bathroom only has a shower but that was ok with us. The decoration of the rooms and hotel is black and white some say it is sort of gothic. I think it was more classic with a twist on victorian minus the color.We really enjoyed this hotel. The drinks at the lounge were great the bartender was very attentive, The breakfast is continental but definitely enjoyable with warm croissants as an option.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a different experience to all the major chain hotels. It is trendy and a sexy hotel with a lot of little surprises that are subtle but impressive when you notice them. I have to say it is a very comfortable hotel almost quaint but that is not the right word for it.We have stayed at 5 star resorts and you will definitely not be dissappointed in this hotel I think it deserves 3 1/2 stars at least :)	
Jun 18 2009 	Brilliant Stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Night Hotel on our first visit to NYC. We loved the modern black and white theme and the overall character of the hotel. Staff were friendly and the rooms were really clean. Rooms slightly small compared to normal American standards but just as you would expect in a European city. Location is perfect just off broadway and really close to subway for exploring all ny has to offer. Will definately be back.	
Jun 11 2009 	Very Nice !	The hotel's decor is very different, but really nice. The staff are so polite, helpful and courteous. The room was small, not a lot of space to move around or to put the luggages, etc... but then again we didn't care about that as we were only in the room to sleep. The location of the location is just perfect.. you are right in time squares!! The hotel made our trip a success.	
May 26 2009 	Difficult to Write a Review	Booked the hotel through Priceline for $147- a night for a Queen bed room. Well, it's different that's for sure, very trendy which was cool but we really didn't fit the bill for trendy people but absolutely appreciated the black and white look, it was the coolest hotel around, we just felt like fish out of water! I'm finding this to be a tough review to write, we had mixed feelings on the hotel so let's start out with the great things about it! The location is OUTSTANDING, could not be in a better location for going to Broadway shows, shopping and dining out....cannot say enough about the location! The staff at the front desk were the BEST and really made us feel comfortable! They were all so friendly and helpful with great restaurant suggestions and any other information we needed during our two night stay. The hotel and room were bothimmaculate. It was the tiniest hotel we have ever stayed in. Let me tell you, both of us have been to NYC a zillion times, we were Retail Buyers and stayed in many hotels, this was the smallest. On the up side, it is not a &quot;chain&quot; hotel like a Hilton or Marriott which was a real nice change.The down side for us was the noisy air conditioner that blew like a Chinook, you were either freezing or hot, blanket off and on all night, TV volume up and down so you could hear it or not have it too loud. It was very loud in a tiny, tiny room! I have stayed in small rooms in Manhattan but this was the smallest room I have ever stayed in which wasn't really a problem but after the 2nd night I was done with it and wanted more space! I'm not sure if we would go back, so much of the stay was fantastic but I would have to get over the tiny bathroom, bedroom, hallways, and very loud air system! For what we paid on Priceline it was absolutely great!	
May 24 2009 	Trendy!	Location is perfect, right around the corner from Times Square. Very clean hotel, rooms are small and cozy. Love the dark black decor, you really loose track of time and sleep in easily!! Very trendy hotel, looks like a club from the outside. The breakfast was decent, could give a few more options. The coffee sucks!!! but no worries there's a starbucks right next door! Definitely would stay here again, the location is unbeatable!	
May 20 2009 	Very cool hotel right next to Times Square	Surrounded by theaters and less than half a block down from Times Square, this hotel felt like it was in the heart of New York.We loved the modern Gothic style, everything was either black or white. We loved it even more when we received a free up grade to the Junior Penthouse Suite. The perks included a balcony, double shower with fold out chair, giant flat screen overlooking an awesome king size bed.The staff were professional and helpful.It was one of the more expensive hotels we stayed at during our holiday in New York.	
May 15 2009 	has the potential to be so much more.	The location of this hotel just off Times Square cannot be rivalled. As would be expected from an old building the bedrooms are of modest size and do not feature a bath. Rooms are well maintained and the monochrome decor is well presented throughout.Breakfast buffet is served in the bar each morning which is far too dark for this time of the day and there is no staff in sight to offer any assistance. In fact I would say that my biggest gripe with this hotel is the lack of good North American service that features in so many other NY hotels as standard. Staff here appeared a bit too 'cool for school' and not particularly interested in their guests other than to try and drag them into the empty bar in the evenings.Room service was alright - standard food which was well presented but not mind-blowing.Overall 3 stars - 4 for location but pretty much everything else 3 stars.	
Apr 7 2009 	Eye Opener	My first 'experience' at the Night. A very different kind of hotel - best ever location on West 45th street. Room too small ( I know, its NYC, but still...) but carefully designed to make you totally comfortable. The low day/night lighting takes getting used to but it does create an ambience you will remember. The staff were friendly - at times...could do better. The continental breakfast was a real plus as their coffee was outstanding and overall I would recommend the Night - first and foremost for the location...and the Gotham City feel.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great Location 	The great things about this hotel: a funky decor that is consistent throughout the common areas and the rooms, just steps away from Times Square, easy walking distance for any Broadway shows and most attractions. We received some great service when we arrived as we neded the feather bedding in the room switched out from one of the housekeepers who was quick and friendly and recommended some restaurants to us.The reason we wouldn't stay again is the noise. Both nights we were there the music from the nightclub downstairs could be heard in our room very clearly. I guess this might not be a problem if you're going to be out late anyway, but it made it difficult to get an early night's sleep for us.	
Apr 1 2009 	Nightmare Hotel-Burgulary Warning!!!!!	I got burgled at the Night Hotel. Like everybody else, I looked up the Night Hotel before booking so I was aware of the small rooms etc before getting there. What I wasn't prepared for though was on the second day to come back to my room to get my phone from the safe and find myself to be $2000 poorer. The room safe is situated under a table, covered with a tablecloth. Immediately on returning to my room I noticed the table cloth stuck in the door of the safe. When I tried to open the safe it wouldn't so I called the manager and he opened it for me. Suspicious, I opened the safe in his presence to find......nothing really. €2000 in cash had been stolen from where I left it. Anyway to cut a long story short I called the Police, the fingerprinted the safe and informed me on the QT that it was not their first time investigating such a matter here. After repeated telephone calls to the general manager I got nowhere and got absolutely no apology or compensation. So here I am, warning everybody that's thinking of staying here, to stay a million miles away from the place. Don't get caught like I did and don't have your holiday ruined by the Night Hotel and it's thieving staff.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great place for after a broadway show	We were looking for a place to stay for a night after seeing the Lion King on Broadway and this hotel delivered (esp since its only two blocks away). The modern gothic black and white scheme of the hotel was great. Obviously being a Manhattan hotel, the room was quite small, but that wasn't a huge concern for us. And the price was fantastic compared to other bouquet hotels in the area. Service was helpful when we needed it. Also, other reviewers commented on the noise, but we didn't notice it (or could be just used to living in the city). I will say the continental breakfast was rather sad. It got the job done, but certainly not something to write home about. All in all, it was great for a nice end to a romantic evening.	
Mar 7 2009 	Perfect Hotel directly at Times Square	This was our best New York trip ever. The amazing &quot;Night&quot; Hotel is beautiful designed, the rooms are well equipped (Bose Sound System, Flat TV) and it is a 30 second walk to be on Times Square. Surprisingly our room was very quiet nad we slept like king and queen. The included breakfast is the best we ever had in a New York Hotel: Granola, Juice, Croissants, Bagels, Coffee, Tea, fresh fruits!	
Mar 6 2009 	Great Place Great Value........cant believe the bad reviews	It's been a while since I stayed at Night hotel, but I'm in the process of booking another trip to New YOrk and fully intend on Staying at Night again, but though I'd just check in on a few reviews to see if much has changed.I'm a bit suprised by myself as I actually found myself getting a little irate reading some of the negative comment this hotel has recieved.I'm very much of the oppinion that if you are the kind of person that takes the time to write a review, whether positive or negative, then you are probably also the kind of person to do a little research before booking.So, with that in mind..........anyone that has complained about the noise in this hotel........PLEASE think about what your saying......the hotel actively advertisers the fact that they have club/bar nights that are loud so if you want a bit of tranquility you really shiouldn't have booked here.For those with $value issues......this is pretty much as centrally positioned as you will get in manhattan, and less that $200-$250 a night is hardly what I call expensive for this standard of hotel..........try coming to London and staying in a similar style hotel somewhere in the centre of our theatre district........if you can do so for less than $400 a night i'd be amazed..!Finally as for room size and decor........well this is new york........everyone knows the rooms are pretty small compared to most places but for short stays there's absolutely no issue what so ever......(try the hudson at about 3x the cost if you want......I couldn't even use the toilet and shut the doror in there at the same time........that's small!!)And as for the balck decor......Errrrrrr hello, there is kind of a clue in the name!!!! every picture you look at of this hotel is themed around darkenss....so if you were suprised by the decor when you got their then I'm a little suprised you managed to find your weay there in the first instance.Anyway rant over......I'm not saying this is the best place in the world , but it certainly is no in anyway a bad hotel.It's a great location in a great city and I loved every minute of my stay there and would definitely go back.And on a final note, the staff there we also actually very helpful to me and my girlfriend......maybe it's all about how you approach them??	
Feb 23 2009 	Good Location - Poor service and incredibly noisey!	We stayed over valentines this year, and after arriving in from Heathrow tired and weary we checked in pretty quickly (good), got up to the room to find our crib that we had booked already made up (even better) and a decently sized room facing the street at least meaning we had some natural light coming in. Around 7pm we put our daughter down to bed only to be abruptly shocked by a slamming door, we are all pretty heavy sleepers but this sounded like it was in our room! dont be fooled when travellers say the walls are paper thin and the doors dont close quietly, its akin to being woken up by a gun shot. This evidently resulted in a very un-settled night for us, to the point of complaining at the front desk and asking to be moved, only to be told by the incredibly un-helpful man on the front desk theres nothing we can do except upgrade to the pent house at a cost of $320 per night extra! - Not helpful. The biggest problem we had was the noise through the walls, conversations, phones, doors, cleaners, you name it, you can hear it. Not the guest's fault, but a crap door design with a noisey metal latch. The re-deeming features of the hotel is the location and some of the staff, the door man was 9 times out of 10 great and really helping with our buggy, although a major gripe of mine was the room service when I asked for some hot water to make my daughters bottle up arrived 45 minutes after I asked for it, then expected a tip! - I dont think so, in the end I went down to reception my self in future to get some each time due to not wanting my daughter to wait for something so simple!. I do not expect to do this in a hotel.	
Feb 23 2009 	Really nice hotel great location!	We stayed one week at Night hotel in February 2009, and we would go back to Night!Good things:- Location was great!- Really comfortable bed and lovely sheets! After walking all day long our bed was comfortable little nest to go to!- Room was really clean and quiet (we stayed at 7th floor).- Staff was friendly (even though we didn´t need their services).- Breakfast was ok if you want fruits and cereals with yoghurt or cup of coffee and bagel with crème cheese before you hit the road. But don’t expect too much, it´s really modest but it was ok for us.- Room décor was really nice and rooms weren´t too dark for us. We wouldn´t like if our home would look the same but it was holiday and it´s nice to stay in hotel that looks different in a positively way.- Good value for the money.Not so good things:- Air conditioner was quite loudly, we didn´t mind it that much even though I´m not heavy sleeper. But if you watch TV you have to turn it off because of the drone and put it on again when you go to sleep. - The was a nice closet for your clothes but big refrigerator was there and it took most of the space. So you need to be little bit creative where you put your belongings.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great location poor service. Not really worth the money.	This hotel did not live up to its website write up in my eyes and front of house service leaves very little to be desired. The hotel reception and decor is nice however a week of living in total darkness can take its toll! The decor and night theme runs throughout the hotel which is nice however when it becomes impossible to see in your closet getting dressed in the morning becomes a chore. The rooms were far too dark and much smaller than the website would have you think. This hotel is quite recently renovated however I felt it was already showing its age due to poor maintenance especially in the bathroom. Breakfast was little more than I would expect from a youth hostel and very poor for the room rate paid, in fact at one point I thought this hotel was the hostel I had stayed in some years back but with a new name! (Don’t worry I found the hostel a few doors up!)The hotel staff were pleasant but not really engaging. Our stay was over New Year and the hotel had a DJ evening laid on for NYE however we were not informed of this when we booked or at any time during our stay. We were also not informed of the restricted street access on New Years Eve. The NYPD began to prepare for the Broadway celebrations at around 2-3pm in the afternoon and many streets around Broadway are closed. As the Night hotel is located just off Broadway (one of its only positive points!) you require some form of confirmation from your hotel to assist in you gaining access through the barriers. I only found this out by overhearing somebody in the dining area before we left for the day.We had very little reason to use the staff during the stay (thank god!!) however on the 2 occasions we did the service was appalling. Front of house staff seemed poorly trained in their job and certainly in how to deal with customers however when we insisted on talking to the manager it became apparent whom had trained them. They tried to make us pay for a mistake they had made with our room booking (which we had already paid in full before our holiday) and then when we booked a car to the airport through them they quoted us $65 but the driver demanded $130 when we arrived at the airport! We have never received the apology we were promised and quite frankly I have no desire to talk to any of the staff at this hotel again. I hope my feedback on this site will help prevent others from having the same problems that we did.Overpriced for what this hotel delivers - may I recommend a Best Western!!	
Feb 13 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I am in NY alot and this was my 1st stay at Night Hotel. I was fortunate to have my wife with me and she also loved the decor and the rooms at Night Hotel. From the moment we checked in, we were impressed with the customer service skills of the desk personnel. They were friendly, courteous and caring thru out our stay. The rooms were avg size NY rooms but they were quiet, clean and also had a large flat screen TV and a large shower. This is a hotel I would recommend for a business trip or even more important, a long romantic weekend. The price was extremely reasonable for NY hotels.	
Feb 11 2009 	Loved the Night Hotel	Brilliant relaxed hotel, lovely staff.We stayed at the night hotel for 4 nights, after all the reviews about the size of the rooms we were pleasantly surprised by the size of our Queen room. Lots of space for storage, really relaxed decor, very quiet. The breakfast was very relaxing with not many people down at the same time. Very funky cool atmosphere where staff are not in your face but are there if you need anything.The location is 2 minutes walk from time square and easy to walk everywhere.Good choice of products in the bathroom.I would totally recommend the night hotel, for a relaxing get away, the staff are very caring ( we left our bags there while going out for abite to eat before our flight).I would definetly return.	
Feb 8 2009 	Night - Cool Hotel shame about the service	I chose this hoteI because it looked a bit dfferent from you usual indentikit hotel - and it was. Even the entrance was cool and the lobby and communal areas are all v sexy, as are the rooms I had read about the room sizes on here but was really very pleasently suprised with my room size, number 77. It was huge and more than comforable. The decor is great but wouldn't be to everyones taste. It is very calming and provides a great escape from the chaos of he city. Room has everything you would want - safe, iron etc. Only annoying this is the mini bar is one of those where you can't move anything without being charged so if you want to put a bottle of water or somethign in there you can't!My problem with the hotel was the service, and inparticular one incident. I booked the hotel with Active Hotels, via TripAdvisor, and gave my credit card details when I booked. To be honest I didn't check if they were going to take a deposit but when I checked my statement when it came I found they had taken £200 - about one nights rate. This was fine as I assumed it was a deposit.On check in they advised the amount to be charged on check out, and it was for the full amount - not less any deposit. When I mentioned I had payed a deposit, the lady on reception, without any eye contact throughout the whole conversation, informed me they didn't take depsoits and must have got it wrong. I persisted but she again very bluntly told me they did not charge deposits. At this point I left it and wwent to my room. After phoning my credit card company they confirmed I had already payed £200. I went back down to reception where it was now manned by a gentleman. As I started to explain the situation he looked up my details and told me I had been charged a no show fee for a date in October. As I started to explain I hadn't even been in the US on this date, the lady I originally spoke to popped her head through a curtain and told me the amount - which she claimed I had never payed - had now been refunded!!!! She then disapeared offering me no explanation or apology. Service during the whole stay was OK - but that was it - staff answered questions and that was it. They didn't make you feel welcome or special. On check out I asked for confirmation the original amount had been refunded and it was like I'd asked the girl to move mountains. Still never received an explanation or apology. This was probably just a one off but the way they dealt with it could have been alot better.Location is central which is good.I loved the hotel design - probably the best I've seen anywhere in the world - if the service could be as good as the decor they would have an amazing hotel.	
Feb 5 2009 	Night Hotel - what a place	Having recently stayed at the excellent Night Hotel on West 45th New York City, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate the general manager and his staff on an immaculate level of presentation, great service, friendly assistance and an overall wonderful experience.The ambience of this hotel is ideal for couples wanting to experience some luxury at an affordable rate of $198 per night.The smallish but beautifully appointed rooms are an absolute pleasure to stay in, bathrobes and excellent toiletries feature along with a 37 inch wall mounted plasma tv, wonderfully fresh, crisp linen and dimmer controlled lighting.An electonic safe in the closet made me happy about the security of my belongings during my stay.The proximity of the hotel to Times Square and Broadway, allows entertainment to be reached with a minimum of fuss and with 2 Irish pubs directly across the street, keeping busy is no problem.I thoroughly recommend this Hotel and I will be spending a couple more nights there when I return to NY at the end of March.	
Feb 4 2009 	Interesting	This hotel is a good choice for a trip to New York. We stayed in a queen deluxe room and even though I had read room sizes in New York are rather small I found the room bigger than I had expected, however small they are. Totally fine for a 5-night stay. Decor is rather intense, all black and white, at times overwhelming, but overall interesting. Breakfast was included which is a definite plus, however basic it is. Service is very basic, unfriendly at times, but some staff were really very friendly and helpful. Location is ideal: even though it is close to the horrid Times Square, it is close to many transport links. Overall, I would reccommend it.	
Feb 2 2009 	Location Location Location	We've just came back from NY, we stayed for 3 nights at the Night, and everything was just perfect.Location is fantastic, walking distance from all major attractions and shows. Staff was very friendly and helpful, Complimentary breakfast was perfect for us (we are Europeans, maybe North Americans are used to a bit more variety).Room size was very good by NYC standards, I have stayed in several hotels in Manhattan and rooms were much smaller.Bathroom size is OK, very good amenities by Molton Brown and Frette towels.Bedding is just perfect, with Frette linen, I will certainly visit their online store and see if I can get a set of bed sheets.Bar prices are a bit high, but what can you expect if you are staying in the heart of the big apple	
Jan 29 2009 	Loved the Night	Ok, lets start with the obvious - the rooms are small! Right that's out the way.The hotel is great - location, vibe, decor etc etc. The staff were very friendly and I think it's down to the fact its a 70 odd room hotel so you've got the personal touch as they're not dealing with hundreds of rooms. We even saw one of the guys from reception out of the hotel and he recognised us &amp; said hello! Breakfast was a nice touch and really set us up for the day. Eggs, cheese, bagels, yoghurt &amp; granola so a pretty good choice. Back to the room. It was small but the sheets &amp; bed were really comfy. Personally I didn't travel to NY to spend all my time in my room so with all the walking &amp; fresh air it was great finish the day on nice bed. The bathroom again small had everything in it. My only slight niggle is that the glass screen didn't cover the whole shower so you tended to get the floor wet. Reception booked us a car to get back to the airport which was around $60 but well worth it and more comfy. The Irish bar over the road Connollys was nice. Nice food &amp; they do live music. It was nice to stop there for a final drink on the way back. So all in all was i value for money yes, a nice hotel yes &amp; importantly would I go back - YES!	
Jan 20 2009 	Close to everything	I had booked the hotel over the internet and since first time to NY really didn't know what to expect.It was all good! The room was exactly as described...small but everything required was there, the location marvellous and the continental breakfast was more than adequate. Staff were attentive, courteous and very helpful.Thoroughly enjoyed the two nights at the Night and when returning to NY would visit again. Walked to Macy's, Central Park and the subway is only around the corner. Loved it.	
Dec 16 2008 	Comfort Inn (or Less ) Quality at Ritz Prices	The room was so absurdly small (even by New York standards) that it brought to mind the old joke &quot;My room was so small, I had to go into the hall to change my mind&quot;. Even on an economy cruise ship in the smallest inside berth, the room would be considered small. Certainly two people could not inhabit. The windows faced an airshaft and building 10 feet away so there was no natural light at all. The heat was unadjustable (maintaining a balmy 77 degrees). The TV only received one channel. The HVAC system blowing the hot air made so much noice that it sounded like a wind tunnel but, still, the walls were so thin that the wind noise could not block out hallway noise. The hot water took minutes to arrive. No newspaper at the door (as promised) or anywhere in the hotel. In short, like the worst of economy hotels but at premium prices. The black &quot;gothic&quot; style and trendy lobby and passable free continental breakfast could not begin to make up for the bad night's experience. (It is part of the &quot;Preferred Hotel&quot; group, unbelievably.) In this down economy, much better rooms can be had at the same price charged by Night.	
Dec 10 2008 	Contemporary Hotel in a great location	I stayed in this hotel back in November 2008 whilst on a business trip to New York. The hotel is close to Times Square, but not too close, so the hotel doesn't feel as if it's in the middle of the hustle, bustle and noise of Times Square.The rooms are quite small, though this isn't unusual in NY, the rooms are decorated mainly in white and black - like the rest of the hotel, and maybe a little too modern for those used to traditional hotels.The restaurant has a small lounge bar (which is used for breakfast in the morning), but no restaurant though this isn't too much of a problem as you are in the centre of New York, and there are numerous restaurants within a couple of minutes walk - though the hotel does offer room service in the evenings.On the whole a good hotel, in a great location, though rooms are a little on the small side - though you don't go to New York to spend absolutely all of your time in the room! A good hotel, one which I would recommend, but with photographs of topless women in the lobby and around the hotel, as well as the Karma Sutra in the bedside drawer, perhaps a hotel to avoid if you're travelling with those who aren't broad minded!	
Dec 5 2008 	Fab Location a stone's Throw from Times Square	Just back from a two night leisure stay at the Night Hotel (1/2/3 Dec 08). Very central location and overall enjoyable experience. Whilst not perfect would certainly consider staying again when back in NYC.PROS:Location, location, location. Steps away from Times Square.Comfort - room (No 71) was small but quiet. Queen size bed was very comfortable. You'll either love or hate the decor - we quite liked the black &amp; white theme - but it is starting to look a little worn in parts. Large LCD TV on wall.Continental Breakfast included in rate - simple (breads, fruit, cereal, juice) but all we needed before hitting the town.Reception staff and doorman at evening check in were friendly.Molton Brown amenities were pretty good.Cool reception/seating area.CONS:Absolutely no storage space in room apart from a small built-in wardrobe (which in our room also included the minibar!). Safe placed on high shelf and difficult to access.Small bathroom. Shower only - no bath. Was also quite cold.Decor beginning to look a little tired in parts - as with a couple of other boutique type hotels we have stayed in in the past, the trendy look begins to wear very quickly.Housekeeping - we didn't get our room made up on second evening because we accidentally pressed the privacy button on the door. Best they could do by way of response at 5.30pm was to send up a couple of towels (though to be fair this was arranged within a couple of minutes).Concierge at check out not particularly helpful when asked about transport to Newark - suggested a $75 private taxi he could arrange but was less enthusiastic about giving info about bus pick ups! Made own arrangements for the SuperShuttle to pick us up instead - which was good value for the two of us and worked out at half the price of a taxi.All things considered though we were generally satisfied with our stay. Hotel is comfortable and a very good choice for a short break in NYC.	
Dec 1 2008	Stylish Stay if You Can Get a Discount	As others have noted, the raison d'etre of this hotel is its aesthetic style. It's sort of interesting, although I bet it would get old fast if you had an extended stay. For one night, the black/white theme was interesting enough. Upon check-in I was automatically upgraded to a bigger room. This room was pretty small, so I'd hate to see what my original room would have looked like. The upgraded room was small, but it was about all you'd need for a night's stay in NYC--a large comfy bed, a small desk, and a small closet for your personal items. The bathroom was also on the small side but perfectly adequate for a short stay and stocked with high-end products.I got a pretty good deal on the room, and I have nothing to complain about regarding my stay. The hotel is a very decent place for a night or two in NYC, particularly for a younger or stylish couple who want something a little special. If you're going to pay more than $225 for the room, though, you can get more luxury elsewhere.	
Nov 28 2008 	not 3 bad	Stayed here early November, and because we were staying 5 nights they said they upgraded us to a larger room, although it was still a queen (basically it was disabled access room). The room is nice, well furnished and a very comfy bed! The bathroom took a bit of getting used to though - its one of these wet rooms, and it may have been because it was a disabled access that the shower head wasn't very high up, but as well as that you had to make sure it was facing a certain way in order not to soak the whole room.They supply a free paper - New York Times - but on 3 of the nights we were woken at 3am by the guy DROPPING the papers at our door - and i'm not a light sleeper. Also, although the concierge/receptionist seemed enthusiastic to book us plays and restaurants - when we did ask for a particular restaurant for the following night - the booking wasn't made and we had to ask twice on the day to see if they'd made it and by then it was 6pm and only then did they actually make the call! Just one more thing - we were flying from Newark, and we wanted to get the train there (thats how we arrived) but they really didn't know how we could achieve it - they thought a taxi was the only way to go! :-(	
Nov 25 2008 	Wonderful stay at the Night Hotel!	We booked this hotel at the last minute for the NYC Marathon. I am so glad we did - the staff was fantastic and totally accomodating, the rooms were small, but very chic and sexy The bed was very comfortable (very important when trying to get some rest before the marathon!) It's a great place for a couple to stay. The room amenities were top-notch, and the free continental breakfast was fresh and tasty. The location is right off of Times Square and there are tons of things to do within walking distance.I do have to say that it can get a little noisy in the hallway during the day, but if you ask for a room away from the elevator, you should be just fine.We will definitely stay here again the next time we are in New York! Don't let the negative reviews scare you off. It was an extreme pleasure staying at the Night!	
Nov 24 2008 	Style over Substance	We only spent one night here but would not have wished to stay longer. Our room was quite small but with a disproportionally large bathroom. Fantastic shower (2 waterfall style showerheads) but nowhere to hang up wet towels? We found the wi-fi to be intolerably slow and was charged at $10/day, not for the business guest. We also had problems with the TV's cable reception. All lighting throughout hotel is very low level, not good for anyone with poor sight! Most dissapointing was 'continental breakfast'. We came down same time as other guests to find nowhere to sit and hardly any food. Only one member of staff trying to clear tables and top up food. We managed to help ourselves to a hot drink but all the pastries/bagels had been raided leaving nothing to eat (at least half hour before breakfast advertised as over). Finally I asked if there was (any) more food and a tray of bagels appeared. Bottom line, if I was twenty and it was my first time in NY I might have been seduced into thinking the Night Hotel was cool, at forty and looking for substance AND style I can get better value for money. We paid $319/night.	
Nov 23 2008 	Definitely will return	We were a bit hesitant after seeing a couple of the negative reviews on here, but we got the room for a good deal and the location was great. Glad we did in the end because we had a great stay.The staff were nice, a small problem with the room cards but that was fixed quickly. Room was reasonable size (we had come to NYC expecting the worst), nice bathroom with 2 showerheads. Someone else here complained about the construction site accross the road (is this completed yet?), my GF and I had no trouble with noise late at night. If you're a light sleeper, the traffic will keep you awake more than a construction site that stops work at 8. But hey that's big city life!Breakfast was simple but nice. I hit up the bagels every morning. They also had poached eggs, tomatos, cereal, toast &amp; fruit.This hotel is the epitome of a chic crash pad. If you don't &quot;get&quot; that, then you aren't their target market. Probably best for young singles and couples who like to have fun.Stayed for 5 nights, loved NYC, loved Night. If the girlfriend and I get a chance to return to new york we will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 23 2008 	Cool but not good value in the end... Sydney Australia	We wanted to start our honeymoon in a cool/boutique hotel in NY City... The Night hotel compared to other boutique hotel's seemed reasonably priced and in a great location for a non local.Yes, it is in a great location but I don't think it was good value for money at $469 USD a night.The hotel overall had a different theme and the room was neat and clean, with good bath products. We found the staff were friendly and helpful. Except when we had to borrow a power adapter/converter for one night and were charged $20USD at checkout. They didn't bother to tell us about that and told us to &quot;make sure you return it&quot;. If we knew we were going to be charged 4x the value, we wouldn't have bothered returning it! There was a major issue with every room door slamming, I have never come across this before in any hotel around the world... Doors were slamming on our floor at all hours (which is not the guests fault).Another thing I couldn't understand is that the bottom flat sheet on our bed never fitted... This was a strange one, how can a hotel purchase sheets that do not fit the bed??? So with the sheet about 1/2 a meter too short the bed never stayed in tact.Overall, I think if they fixed the doors and bought the right size sheets I would go back and stay at the Night hotel but for now I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 13 2008 	Great location hotel a bit of a let down	We stayed in The Night Hotel Manhattan in October the location was great just off Time Square however I suppose as the name might suggest the hotel was very dark inside all the decor in it was black &amp; white which I did'nt like it felt dull all the time.The staff were'nt particularly helpful except one or two.The breakfast was good simple cereal&amp;toasted bagels which was nice.Overall I would'nt go back to this hotel too dull &amp; uninviting for me.	
Oct 21 2008	still not quite sure......	Just returned from a trip to New York where we spent three nights at this Hotel, and I still can't quite make up my mind about it.Rooms are indeed small, but not so tiny that we couldn't move. And to their credit, whoever designed the rooms gets top marks for maximising the use of space (bedside tables with storage, under sink cupboard din bathroom). However, a check in we were told that we were getting a bigger room as we were staying three nights, so I'd hate to see a small room!With the exception of two members of staff, I wasn't overly impressed with the way we were dealt with. At check in the guy called a porter to check our room was ready. I don't know what the porter said to him, but his response was &quot;well open the window then&quot; which didn't fill me with confidence! On check out, I found the girl positively rude! They have an interesting minibar system using weight sensors. I'd stored a bottle of champagne for my husband's birthday in the fridge, and moved an orange juice about 2 inches to one side to accommodate it. Inadvertantly this had resulted in a few minibar charges. She patronisingly told me we weren't allowed to store things in the fridge - no one told us that. And then she got moody when I asked for a reprint of the bill - I wasn't going to sign for stuff we hadn't taken, and I don't think it was an unreasonable request.Anyway, in summary, it's a funky hotel. Very quirky. The bed was comfy and I liked the Molton Brown bath stuff. Great location if you want to be right beside Times Square. On the bad side, the staff could be a bit friendlier, the breakfast area is so small there's nowehere to put your saucer whilst you fill your coffee cup (!) and the minibar system is rubbish. Overpriced for what it is.	
Oct 15 2008 	A good 3 nights at the Night	We enjoyed our stay at the Night Hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the decor is out of this world gorgeous (if you like black of course) and it is in a fantastic position just off Times Square. The rooms are admittedly a little on the small size, with a lack of storage space but make up for that with the gadgets and decor. Not sure how suitable it would be for a longer stay -the lack of storage and constant darkness may become less cool !	
Oct 7 2008 	For just 2 nights!	The hotel is just beautiful. The black, predominantly in the hotel, is &quot;cool&quot; only for 1 or 2 nights. From there, it becomes tiring. The double room is too small. The coating &quot;rusty&quot; the wall of the bathroom are also lacking. The staff of the cleaning and guests must use the same elevator. Details that do not match the price charged. The small coffee served in the morning is very pleasant, but with little variety. The staff of the reception also does not show much contentment rem receive the guests.	
Oct 4 2008 	Sexy!	This hotel is often overlooked by travelers, but is an amazing/unique experience. This boutique hotel is not like anything you have seen before. Obviously with the theme of &quot;Night,&quot; the hotel has a goth/vintage feel, is very sexy - BUT not very roomy. The rooms are COOL and comfortable, but fairly small. Just because the rooms are small, does not mean it is not worth the stay - because it is worth checking out! Be prepared for european style showering (no shower door), a bottle of wine to greet you in your room, and a doorbell outside of each guest room! -The bar connected to the lobby is pretty sexy and lush as well.	
Sep 25 2008 	Funky Tiny-ness	We just wanted to get away for a few days over my birthday. Because there was a major convention going on hotel rooms were hard to find, and we ended up paying $500 a night at Night Hotel. The room was the tiniest we've EVER stayed in. Everything was black and white and very modern which we actually liked quite a lot. It would have been much nicer if we would have been able to move in our room. :) The staff was friendly and accomodating. We loved the sensual images and the funky door numbers. All in all: cool hang-out for young singles.	
Sep 21 2008 	Times Square's Best Kept Secret!	We chose the Night Hotel for its stellar location just off Times Square and the hotel's unique and intriguing theme. At the time of our stay, the hotel's price point was also attractive, actually on the low end of other comparable properties in the area.We arrived around 9 pm on a Monday night, and were greeted warmly by hotel staff. After twelve hours of driving and an hour or so of wandering starry-eyed about the NYC streets with suitcases in tow (it was the first visit to the city for both my husband and me), the darkness and intimacy of this boutique hotel was a welcome respite from the craziness of our day.The room itself was spotless and cozy. Small, yes, but we had plenty of room for our luggage and other items and had no trouble moving about while getting ready the next day. The bed was comfortable and luxurious. No view to speak of from our room, but it did include a window (others have mentioned lack of this feature). My husband loved the generously-sized plasma TV on the wall across from the bed, and the Bose sound system. I saw nothing in the room that suggested it had been anything less than well-maintained. And we didn't hear a peep from anyone else (guests OR street noise) once comfortably settled into our room.The bathroom was sleek and spotless as well. We had no issues with water splashing about from the shower, but lack of ventilation did create quite a bit of steam that wouldn't budge on its own from the mirror (a blast of air from my hairdryer took care of that, however). The towels could have been a little more luxurious, but I'm really reaching to even come up with those criticisms.Staff were friendly and eager to please. The hotel is trendy indeed, but no one made us feel at all out of place at all. Yes, the place is dark and mysterious, but the Night Hotel was our oasis from the craziness of New York City. No one I've talked to has ever heard of this place, even with its location near one of the most famous intersections in the world. Definitely Times Square's best kept secret!	
Sep 19 2008 	Awesome Hotel for 20's	I went to NY to see a band play at MSG and only stayed at the hotel one night... but it was amazing. &quot;Black Eyed Peas&quot; music was on when I walked in and the staff were very cool and layed back. The room decor was very trippy (all black and white), and seriously the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. I would 100% stay there again. Great hotel for people in their 20's!	
Sep 16 2008 	Loved the stay	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August. We booked it for its location on Times Square but even when we arrived we couldn't believe how great the location was.The check in staff were lovely, nothing over the top or rehersed, just good old fashion service.The hotel and rooms are small but very comfortable. the bed was the comfiest i have ever slept in. We didn't travel half way across the world to hang out in a hotel room, so the small size didn't bother us as all. The TV was amazing and my partner loved all the channels.I'd read previous reviews about how the sheets were torn and the hotel looked tired inside - we saw none of this! everything was in working orderThe only negative is there is only one lift and it takes forever! we stayed on the second floor so we used the stairs most of the time.The continental breakfast was also simple but a great start to the morning.A great little find, in a awesome location with a 'cool' vibe.	
Sep 10 2008 	Excellent Location comfortable hotel	Booked this trip a while ago to celebrate a special birthday, read the reviews and was worried that the hotel wouldn't live up to my expectations. I have been to New York on several occassions. This hotel is in an excellent location right in the heart of things, all the major attractions are within a few blocks walk. The room was small but no worse than any other hotel I have stayed in in New York. I like to book boutique hotels, something a bit different. In response to some of the other reviews regarding the darkness of the hotel. It is dark. Our room was small but it had all the usuals you would expect, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, clock radio, flat screen tv, had plenty of storage space so once we had unpacked and stowed our cases the room was fine. We had a window but little natural light as facing a wall. This is a small hotel in the middle of a block, so I would imagine if you want a proper window you can have a room at the front but then you trade light for street noise.This is a trendy boutique hotel that is in line with other like minded hotels in the area, a few of which we visited and they were all candle lit.Only one small complaint, we were woken at 3am every morning, by some kind of hotel activity, we guessed it was the newspaper drop. On the whole we were really pleased with this hotel and would stay again. If you want large rooms and loads of light then book the usual run of the mill hotel, if you want something different, then stay at Night.	
Sep 8 2008 	Fabulous	Hotel was fabulous no noise inside or out, very friendly staff, immaculately clean, molton brown toiletries were great, superb decor and complimentary breakfast was great to for just a small bite in the morning. We stayed in August but I think this hotel would lend itself to winter stays with it being dark inside it would be really cosy! The rooms are very small but I found this quite cosy whereas my boyfriend at 6'3 was quite uncomfortable.	
Aug 28 2008	Trendy simple and beautiful	Stayed in this place in May and loved it. Rooms are very clean, modern design. Great artwork and photography through out the place. Very comfortable bed and pillows, the ones you would want to purchase for your own house. Interesting black and white decor. Good location. Nice breakfast set up downstairs, friendly staff. The room service dinner wasn't that good but there are so many restaurant to pick from in NY that is not a problem.	
Aug 17 2008 	Bad Night at Night	We stayed for one night at the Night and it was definitely one of the worse nights I have ever spent in a hotel. To be fair, there were some pros about the property - check in was quick, staff was polite at check in (and to be fair, friendly, but not very sympathetic to our situation at check out) and proximity to Times Sqaure and the subway was nice - which is the only reason I give them 2 stars - but the cons definitely outweighed the pros - and considering the $400 price tag, I did NOT feel as if the stay was worth it at all. Upon check in, you get little cards with your name printed on them - for what purpose, I'm not sure - the staff warned us of the weight-sensored mini bar, told us about the complimentary continental breakfast and gave us our keys. The lobby was stylish and artfully decorated - as expected out of any trendy, boutique hotel in NYC. Our room was on a lower floor and right next to the stairs and elevator - this important fact will come into play later. Having stayed plenty of times in NYC before, I knew the room would be small - but this was ridiculous!! There wasn't even a closet - just some hangers on a pole over the mini-bar. The bathroom was equally as small, and as stated in previous reviews - the shower leaked everywhere. The Bose stereo was nice and the bed was comfortable, but very low to the ground. Our window overlooked an air shaft. We headed out for the day and came back to the hotel around 11 PM to go to sleep. I wanted a water out of the mini bar and reached for a Poland Spring, but after taking it out, it looked opened and I put it back and took a different brand of water. Come to find out the next morning that they thought we had taken a water and Corona out of the mini bar - they don't even sell Poland Spring - someone else had stuck it in there and it was opened. So then we went to sleep. Starting at 1 AM and continuing on to around 5 AM, people screamed outside our door and stumbled up and down the stairs. Apparently, there was some big party going on in the Penthouse and the streams of drunken party-goers were congregating in the halls. There is absolutely no sound-proofing in this hotel - I heard every word of every conversation the entire night and the vacuming in the hallway which started at 9 AM. It was absolutely ridiculous that nobody from the hotel took control of the situation, considering there had to be people who called down to the front desk and complained. It was crazy - for $400 a night, I want to SLEEP in comfort.Upon check-out, the staff did not even mention the incident -which had to have affected every other person staying in the hotel that night - until we brought it up. At which point, they said it was a terrible night and the people on the higher floors had had it the worst. Not once was an apology given or any consolation offered. We didn't push it, but now I wish I had in an effort to get some money back. They did hold our bags for us while we were out for the day, which was nice, but we were so tired that we couldn't enjoy ourselves as much as we wanted to. I would not stay at this hotel again and advise anyone who does to request a room as far down the hall as possible, because anyone walking in heels down or up the marble stairs is going to keep you up all night. I'll be staying at a chain hotel next time, where maybe it isn't as posh, but they know how to sound proof and hopefully have better customer service/security!!	
Aug 12 2008 	Excellent Stay For a Vampire...	Stayed for long weekend recently and was very enthusiastic as hotel looks tastefully trendy and somewhat gothic on web site. Very high standard of decor and super clean hotel with the most comfortable bed, room very small but hey its NYC so only to be expected, great TV, even a good sound system, reasonable price, so why not a perfect stay. Simply this, the hotel is entirely in a state of perpetual darkness in an effort to create a mood.. However, should i happen to be in the hotel in the morning i need light, in the afternoon i need light, at night it gets dark which tells me go out and enjoy nyc. All very confusing to someone as simple as me which left me feeling a little like i had Seasonal Affective Disorder..	
Aug 4 2008	Loved It	Great Location. Staff very helpful. Somewhere I remember reading a review saying the only thing big about the room was the TV--I agree. The room was tight, but laid out well. No chair for sitting, but the first floor had many areas to relax, including a little patio. We were only there to sleep and the bed was very comfortable. I would definitely recommend Night and will stay there again.	
Jul 30 2008 	I am a very picky guest and loved this hotel.	I am a VERY picky guest and so is my boyfriend..and we LOVED this hotel. We are a couple both in our mid-20's, trendy, and from a very snotty area..and this hotel was fabulous. the staff was awesome and friendly. the rooms are on the smaller side BUT, let me point out the obvious--THIS HOTEL IS IN NYC. OF COURSE THE ROOMS ARE NOT GOING TO BE GIGANTIC!!! everything in nyc is expensive and smooooshed. bottom line--it is a trendy, boutique hotel in nyc with a GREAT location. also, when we stayed here the famous band the roots were staying as well, an added bonus!	
Jul 29 2008 	Fun Hotel - has gone downhill	This was our second stay at the Night in 9 months and we were a little disappointed - it has become much less impressive just in that short time.On arrival the hotel was booked out and we were placed in an appalling room on the 2nd floor at the front of the hotel. Of course they are digging up a construction site across the street and it sounded like a constant thunderstorm early each morning. To add to the sleeping difficulty, the blinds/curtains in this room were not functioning properly and light would stream in. This was especially annoying since what we loved about the Night last time was the way the curtains blocked out all of the light.Although the receptionist claimed this room was larger than other king size rooms in the hotel it was awkwardly laid out and we preferred the arrangment of the room we were eventually moved to - after considerable complaining! The staff were reasonably accommodating but not exactly sympathetic.Some of the neat little things are gone, like the tiny LCD screens with the number of each room. They are just switched off for some reason. The complimentary business cards personalised with your name were fun to have on our last visit - they are also gone.The attractive smiling doorman is gone in favour of a threatening and unfriendly one. The hotel had lost the sense of style it had previously.The airconditioners are running very loudly. Although it is possible to sleep through them, if you are a light sleeper I would beware.There's supposed to be a turn down service. We stayed for 6 nights and received the service zero times. Our friends who were staying in another room got it once.Good things -Great location for midtown sightseeing, shopping &amp; theatre. It is not very close to any one subway station but it is within a few blocks of several which allows you to catch most lines direct.The huge TV and unlimited channel selection is a huge selling point and they have Bose clock radios that your iPod hooks into. There are a lot of other cool things in the room like the office chair and the black and white paper/pencils.The decor in the room in general is really impressive and makes you feel more like being in the real new york than a chain hotel would.It's a really good shower but it leaks water all over the floor. Make sure they leave you lots of towels.Reception will give you passes to the local Equinox gym which is very well equipped. They cost $12The Night hotel is still fun, but there were just too many errors for me. I think next year we will try a different hotel if we come to New York.	
Jul 25 2008 	Good location neat decor but needs a little TLC	THE PROS-- Unique decor, hip feel-- Great proximity to Times Square and lots of attractions-- Helpful staff-- Good, stout drinks at the bar-- Turndown service-- Town car service available (additional cost)-- Concierge will check your bags upon checkout so you can enjoy the city more before your depature. ----------------------------------------------------------------------THE CONS - Teeny tiny rooms. By our estimation, ours was about 10x12, and according to the fire escape map, it was one of the smallest, but not by much. The bathroom was barely big enough for one person at a time, let alone two. And we're not big people.-- Bar was closed for repairs during the first part of our stay-- Slow elevator service (and it's itty bitty). On our last day, the stairs were closed for maintenance (we were on the 2nd floor and the stairs were much quicker than the elevator). We had luggage (just one bag) and couldn't get on the tiny elevator because when it DID stop for us, it was packed already. We waited a good 15 minutes for another one (there are only 7 or so floors in this hotel) before we could finally get downstairs.-- Toilet paper holder was falling off the wall. I notified the staff on our first day and it was never fixed.-- Water did not drain in the shower. By the end of your shower, you would be standing in a good 2-3 inches of water. Ick. I notified staff on our first day and it appears that they tried to pour drain cleaner in (saw blue residue around the drain later that day), but it did no good.-- Not sure the maids ever vacuumed. They should probably take note that because they have dark carpet, it shows EVERYTHING.-- No windows. But that's kind of expected.----------------------------------------------------------------------OTHER NOTES-- No ice machine. You'll have to call the front desk and they'll bring you ice.-- Be careful with the mini fridge. Each item is on a sensor so it will notify the front desk when one is removed and you will be charged for it. My husband quickly picked up a little bottle of Jack Daniels just to look at it for some reason (he had not been listening to the front desk clerk when we checked in so he missed her warning) and I had to notify the front desk that we put it right back and didn't drink it. The items are pretty pricey, as can be expected. -- There is a convenience store across the street at Grace with beer, water, etc. Didn't realize this until the end of our trip, but it's handy.	
Jul 23 2008 	Nightmare @ Night	If you want to wear blinders while staying at this hotel, then you will not have a problem staying here. All the previous negative reviews are true. This Hotel, if you can call it that, is a sad mistake for a traveler who wants the Boutique experience.Dirty, Dirty, Dirty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Came back to room @ 11:30 pm to find room not cleaned nor made up. For those who are 5'11&quot; or taller. Beware! Your feet will hang over the end of the bed.My bathroom is larger than the entire room. Way to small for two people.No place to put you clothing except a closet that has no light.I could go on and on.What a waist of my money.	
Jul 22 2008 	It's JUST ok . . .	I've stayed at many boutique hotels in NYC - the Night is just ok. I certainly wouldn't consider it to be at the top of the list in terms of quality (the pictures look great, but the rooms are dated). It is important to note that the service was subpar. The attendants at the front desk were dismissive. When I checked-in, my sink was stopped up (full of water). Prior to leaving for dinner on this particular evening, I reported the problem. You guessed it, I came back to a sink full of water and the problem was never rectified. Go to the Alex Hotel in stead.	
Jul 14 2008 	Valentines Day in New York Suprise Holiday for the Mrs!	I booked a suprise trip to new york on february 14th valentines day in this hotel. As we had a long flight and long transfer to get into the Hotel when we finally arived it looked very posh and elegant from the outside and when we got inside i thought we had made the right choice. Having hearing mixed reviews of the hotel i was a little worried that the valentines day suprise may not be up to scratch but once again when we arrived i was proved wrong and it looked very nice. the staff here on check in were very friendly and willing to help with anything we wanted to. having a room on a high floor we were anxiously waiting to see what the room was like. all the corridors have in wall TVs and monitors showing what room is where, this was very smart and the dark look of the hotel works very well with it. we finally managed to find our room, we inserted out key and went in to the room. Once we opend the door we saw the room and it looked very nice, the bed was huge and looked so comfy. the room had a huge TV screen on the wall which is almost as big as mine haha. the bed looked absoultely massive in the room and this is because the room is slightly on the small side but hey we are in new york arent we so its bound to be crammed full with everything. although i had heard the rooms were tiny we had no problem with them. the bathroom was a little on the small side though and it is very true from other reviews saying water gets everywhere as IT REALLY DOES! so be prepared for this. although there are mixed reviews for the hotel we thought it was a very nice hotel. the location of the hotel is amazing as just stepping out of the door and you are in times square, Amazing! the complementary breakfast in the morning isnt bad but nothing special, its only a continental breakfast and i am not a great fan of these, i would of prefered a fry up but you cant have everything can you? throughout the duration of the holiday the hotel was in the perfect location and everthing was fine with the room, the bed was comfy and the TV was in full HD and from walking around so much in the busy days it provided a nice retreat from it all sometimes. the only problem we had with the hotel was that no fresh towels were given throughout the stay of the hotel and we had to ask for them which i thought was odd but it didnt phase us at all. this definalty is a great hotel, the location is perfect, the staff are very helpful and friendly and the room is a little on the small side but has everything you would ever need. i would recomend this to others.	
Jul 2 2008 	sorry to say	when you read other guests complaints you think' they probably are picky, nothing is good enough for them' well heres another complaint review. I have stayed at a few design hotels in different cities and the Night is my least fave [i hate seeing interiors start to fall apart] i could detail everything others have stated i e noisy a/c is unbelievable!..but thats a long review, location is fun, staff un aware, no restaurant, sad lonely lounge, no doorman/bell boy, and no ambiance	
Jun 19 2008	Problems at start and finish- but pretty awesome in between	My girlfriend and I arrived late into NYC, and arrived at the hotel around 11pm for our stay in May 2008. Not a problem I wouldn't think- especially as we had booked direct with the hotel and they added a comment on our reservation for a late check in, AND I reconfirmed the reservation (and late check in) 24 hours before arrival.We arrived to be told that they did not have a room for us for our first night of a 4 night reservation, and sent us packing 50 blocks up the road (yes, you read it right!), with little more than a cab fare a half hearted apology. Common practice in NYC by all accounts- so be warned! It was of course to an 'equal and comparable' hotel the hotel told us. It was of course, not........We checked in eventually the following day, and to be fair, the hotel is all we had hoped for really. We stayed on the top floor, so the noise from the construction was minimal. The lobby area is very cool, with music playing throughout, and there is a little bar at the rear which is nice for cocktails prior to heading out elsewhere.Our room too, was really nice. Great Bathroom, Comfy Bed, Plasma TV, Bose CD player etc. Check out the photos on here- if you like that kind of style- you'll love it. We did.Location of the hotel is fantastic. Right off Times Square, so can walk to so many of the sites and attractions. Also a handy store right over the road for snacks and drinks etc- though the free breakfast we got at the hotel each morning was a nice feature that got us fed to start the day. The end of the trip was soured by the fact that we booked a Cab to take us to the airport at 4.30am, as we asked at the front desk if we would need to do so at that time and they said yes. What we didn't realise though was that you cant actually book Yellow Cabs in NYC (only hail them from the curb side), so we were picked up in a Blacked Out Escalde Limo! Clearly costing more than the standard $45 fare, we really should have been told this is what we were getting. We appologised to the driver for the confusion for the pick up and hailed a cab refusing to pay the double fare (there are many at that time afterall!). No problem we thought- he actually seemed ok about it- only for us to return home to find out that the hotel had given the limo firm my credit card details and they had charged me for the trip to the airport even though we didn't use it! (Nor had they told us that we would be charged for the service) Not on. (After a few weeks the hotel have now actually finally refunded me though). All in all though, a great little hotel. I would definately recommend- but just be warned it will be a limo that takes you to the airport if you book- and be prepared not to even stay there- even if you confirm your reservation 24 hours before arriving!!! The management on the whole though were pretty helpful in making up for the mistakes I mention, so can't ask for much more than that I guess.	
Jun 15 2008 	Decent hotel great location	My husband and I just returned from a weekend stay at Night. The hotel has a &quot;dark&quot; black &amp; white theme which makes it interesting to view. Overall, it was a pleasant stay but did have some complaints that would probably prevent us from staying there again.Pros: 1) LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. It is literally 1/2 a block from Times Square and about 5 blocks from Grand Central Station. Whether you count the easy walking distance to many areas of attractions or the easy access to subway stations, this hotel adds up to a very convenient location.2) Room was very clean. 3) Free continental breakfast was a nice touch.4) Staff was very friendly and willing to help with dining recommendations, etc.Cons:1) The bathroom. First of all, the dark theme goes a bit too far in this room. It is literally so dark that little things like applying make-up or shaving are almost impossible. Plus, there is no fan or ventilation system in the bathroom so the mirrors get and stay very steamed.2) The shower. I know this is in the bathroom, but the design is so bad that it has to be in a category of its own. It is one of those half door showers. Every time you use the shower, even if you put the nozzle the furthest down it will go AND layer the floor with towels, water would still spray out and soak and puddle the bathroom floor. If you add the excess water to the poor ventilation system, you are probably dealing with major mold issues. There’s only 2 bars to hang your bath towels so you have all the soaking wet towels lying on the floor all day and night.3) The air-conditioning system is quite loud coming back on. If you are a light sleeper, this can be an issue.So, basically if you can deal with the bathroom issues and some nuisance noises, Night is a decent place to stay.	
May 29 2008 	Completely Tired	Torn sheets on multiple nights. Room furnishings generally worn down. Indifferent staff. Lots of noise from other guests at all hours of the night.I was a guest there once a month for a year and witnessed the overall decline of this hotel property.There are lots of other choices near Times Square in the same price range that offer better values.	
May 20 2008	Great nights at The Night	We just came home from a fabulous trip to NYC. One of the things that made the trip so great was this hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful, the location could not have been better, and our room was comfortable. In previous reviews there have been comments about the noise of the heating/air conditioning. Yes, it makes noise but it never woke us up. Others have commented on consturction noise. Yes there was some construction noise. It's New York and the hotel hardly has control over what must be rebuilt or repaired in the neighborhood. This hotel is located steps from Time Square and within easy walking distance to Rockefeller Center, Grand Central Station, and Central Park (and we are a middle aged couple who are not in the best shape). We took our young adult children on this trip and they also loved the hotel. We will deffinately stay again!	
May 19 2008 	Pluses and Minuses	We were put into a TINY room with AN unpleasant smokey stench. We were moved THE NEXT DAY to a larger, nicer room, with a bottle of Chardonney given to us in compensation. The staff was very pleasant and helpful.	
Apr 24 2008 	Boutique heaven	What do you want in NYC?Central Loation - right off Times SquareComfy beds - best night sleep had in ages (but a little more later)Great shower - bathroom was fab and Molton brown goodies a treatBreakfast included - easy self service for bagels, cereal, boiled eggs - perfect to set us up for the day (even though hubby is normally a full english breakfast, he liked it!)Friendly staff - yes, every request was dealt with quickly and politelyFunky bar - one night we were too tired to go far, the bar was greatThe interior of the hotel is fab and our room was gorgeous (we had the slighly larger room). Yes, rooms are small but its NYC and we wanted to be in the midst of everything. Worth paying that bit extra for, Only down side when we stayed - a new hotel is being built across the street. Work started early on weekdays, but we were getting up early so it wasnt a problem and by the time we got back in the early evening it had stopped. But check if you are wanting t chill in your room during a weekday (if so request a room at the back)	
Apr 15 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	We had an absolutely Fantastic time at this hotel, the location (a minutes walk from Times Square) is great, the rooms, while small, are clean and modern though they can seem a little under lighted, the staff are friendly and more than helpfull. All round a great hotel.	
Apr 14 2008 	great place to stay	reception on arri was very good, although rooms were smaller than i was used to it was very clean and comfortable,ideal for Time Square (50yards)no noise.overall i would recommend and give it 4.5.	
Apr 1 2008 	Not great	Stayed at the hotel for 4 nights. Overall, a really disappointing experience. (both external factors and hotel service issues). Came in on a red-eye flight from LA. Was hoping for an early check-in to freshen up. Due to the size of the hotel, no early check-in was available.Requested a no-smoking room, and received a smoke-filled room, so we had to request for a room change. Then they put us on the second floor facing 45th Street. Every morning beginning at 7 a.m., incessant pounding construction noise from across the street woke us up, and we had to shower and get out of the room quickly. One night, the construction workers across the street was picking up trash making a racket from 1 a.m. until 2:30 a.m. Some service issues-- staff seems to care about being cool, but not about being solicitous to guests. The first night, we came back to the room after being out all day, and saw that the room was not cleaned up. We called the front desk and asked for the cleaning service. The response was that there is no night-time cleaning service, and thus, only thing they could offer was some new towels. We begrudingly accepted the offer. We then waited over 2 hours for the towels, and then finally called the front desk again, and they acted as if nothing was wrong.Wasn't expecting a royal treatment, but this &quot;cool&quot; boutique experience was not worth it.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Location	The Night Hotel is just off Times Square - perfect location for a short stay in NY City. The rooms are very small but clean with modern interiors. The breakfast was not great but NY is full of fantastic places to eat so don't eat in the hotel. There were no problems with noise at night but we were so exhausted from walking around the city i could have slept through anything.	
Mar 29 2008 	Loved the Night Hotel	I have just returned from a three-day stay in NYC on business. I prefer staying at boutique hotels - woman on business, cost-effective and the new boutiques are stylish and chic.This was my first time staying at the Night Hotel in NYC. It was a great surprise from the asthetics to the amenities. It has a small but very beautifully decorated lobby - very nouveau modern - everything is black and white. It's a small hotel but the service is terrific, the front desk, concierge and all the wait staff were friendly, courteous and helpful.The rooms are beautifully decorated in the black and white, relatively small but the most creative use of space I have ever seen. Again, a black and white motif, ultra modern comfortable bed, large shower, nice minibar, flat screen TV with digital cable channels and wireless internet service that actually works.They also had a wonderful free continental breakfast in the small bar/dining room every day until 10:30am - very accomodating. Although there is no restaurant, there is room service and the food was excellent.Lastly, maid service was very prompt and circumspect, never interruptive. The concierge could not be more helpful and arranged a car service to New Jersey for my meetings.Everything went off like clock work - it's been a long time since I've stayed in New York at a small hotel that actually performs at this level. They all say they do but many times are disappointing.The Night Hotel was a complete and welcome surprise. Located on W. 45th between 6th and 7th - it was right in midtown and convenient to everything.It will definitely be my first pick to stay on my next business trip.Barbara from Rochester, New York	
Mar 28 2008 	Lacking the Fundamentals	The Night Hotel is not for everyone. Some may be offended by the very stylish black-&amp;-white photographs of partially-nude men and women located in the lobby and on each floor facing the elevators, although this is an excellent way to remember your floor! Parents of small children may want to look elsewhere.The location is fabulous - 1/2 block from Times Square. The hotel is a feast for the eye, in both the common areas and the rooms. Some amenities are excellent - the toiletries and the Bose radio. But...If you are looking to read a book or work on your laptop in the lobby, forget it. The constant, loud, thumpa-thumpa-thumpa of the &quot;background&quot; music will drive you mad. There is no peace or tranquility to be had here, and this carries through to the breakfast area.If you are looking for a quiet and peaceful night's sleep and are a light to moderate sleeper, forget it. The heating/air-con system is the noisiest we have ever encountered. It hums, it buzzes, it is LOUD. When we complained and asked for maintenance to have a look at our unit, we were told &quot;They are all like this&quot;. Oh dear. There are also no hydraulic dampers on the doors - they close with a slam which can be heard all over the floor.Another point was the plastic mattress protector. We have not often encountered these, but even though this one was fabric-covered, it made us so hot that we had to remove it and stick it in the closet.Arriving for breakfast at 10AM one morning, there were no hard-boiled eggs left. Wanting to read the newspaper during breakfast, we tried to turn on a floor lamp to alleviate the dim surroundings. It didn't work. We asked and were told it didn't work. Why not?The floor of the shower (no bath) had not seen any detergent for some time. A wipe with a washcloth came away black with mold.The staff were uniformly excellent - concierge, desk staff, chambermaid, breakfast maid. They were friendly, helpful and competent.In summary, then, a gorgeous display, great people, great location but lacking some very fundamental items which would turn it from an objet d'art into a hotel.	
Mar 27 2008 	loved it!	I stayed at the Night Hotel for 2 days and would rate it as the best priced boutique hotel I've stayed it. The rooms are sml but super sexy and stylish. The service was great, staff extremely friendly and the hotel was spotlessly clean. Location is also great if you want to be near Times Sqr, Theatres etc and only an US$10 cab ride to Soho.	
Mar 17 2008 	Good but Far from Great...	My wife and I just returned from 4 nights at the Night hotel in NYC. I had read a lot of the glowing reviews prior to booking and was actually a bit disappointed with the overall experience. Here some general comments:RoomsYes, the rooms are very small (but to be expected in midtown NY), but they are also a bit stifling - ours had a small, curtained window that looked directly across (about 3 ft.) at the dark wall of the building next door. And while I will agree the beds are very comfortable, there is no way that they are the standard length (we had a Queen). I am 5'10 and was too long for the bed. Overall, the rooms have a cool design, but are really dark.ServiceThere were a few helpful staff, but for the most part I found them not to be particularly knowledgeable, accommodating or responsive.LocationLocation is really good if you want to be close to Times Square. Next time I will stay in lower Manhattan - mid-town/Times Square is really touristy and crowded.There are 3 other additional, mentionable items (1) Not that the hotel can help this, but there is construction going on next door and you hear jack-hammering, etc. start very early in the morning - there is no sleeping in. (2) The heater/AC in the room is obnoxiously loud. (3) The doors seem to be made of steel - and SLAM shut all hours of the day and night (too the point that it wakes you from a dead sleep, like a gun has gone off.) It might help if upon check-in, they encourage you to be respectful and not let your door slam shut...or fix the doors. Seriously, this is annoying.In the past, I have stayed at Paramount which is in the same area. I would probably recommend Paramount over this hotel – same room sizes, but a much more lively/fun lobby and bar, and rooms are more bright and less expensive.	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent	Stayed for 5 nights from Feb 22nd. Booked direct with hotel and got excellect rate. Good location just off Broadway, easy walking distance of major attractions, subway a couple of blocks. Rooms were excellent, clean and linen changed every day. Staff were very friendly and helpful especially Simon. Continental breakfast was very good, plenty of it, didn't try the evening meals. Used 2 of the pubs opposite, O'Lunneys and Perfect Pint, both serving good food and decent beer. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will definitely return.	
Mar 8 2008 	Three Great Nights	As a former international flight attendant I have had the opportunity to stay in hotels al over the world and this by far is one of the best and unique. My wife and I stayed for three nights March 3-6. The location is great . Times square was only 45 seconds away, 5th Ave 5 min. Central park 15min. The room was out of this world. The best decorated I have ever seen. The rooms are not big but that’s how all hotels are in the area. The staff was great also. Karl, Simo, and Shanti did a great job of making us feel comfortable. The people that left bad reviews of this hotel probably don’t get it. This is a boutique hotel not the Hilton or Marriott that you are use to. If you like contemporary style, a great location , and something different than this is the place for you. If you like cookie cutter hotels like the ones back home than you are better off at something like the Holiday Inn. As for me I can’t wait until my next visit to Night.	
Mar 3 2008 	Loved loved loved it!	We stayed at Night Hotel for 3 nights. The location is superb, just off Times Square, close to all midtown venues and only a short taxi ride from Central Park, Financial District, Liberty, SoHo, Tribeca, Little Italy etc. The hotel was quirky, unusual and very tastefully furnished. The room was small as expected but the bathroom was a lovely surprise. The shower was massive and had shower heads at either end. Amenities in bathroom, hairdryer and iron available in the room. A newspaper was delivered to the door everyday. The breakfast was basic but fine and served in the lovely bar area. Everywhere was clean and the staff were very helpful and friendly. I would recommend this hotel to couples/singles who enjoy an escape from the mainstream chain hotel and are looking for something a little more exciting.	
Feb 21 2008 	3 Fantastic Nights at The Night Hotel	My sister and I have just returned from our first visit to the Big Apple. When booking I considered the larger luxury hotels but decided on the Night as it looked funky and the location looked good and I'm so glad that I did. The staff were fantastic, they couldn't do enough for us, from hailing a cab to recommending and booking restuarants for us, one night calling several as it was midnight (thanks Bret, TAO was fantastic!). Our room was great, exactly as they look in the pictures, we had a Queen room which was quite large, more than enough space for the two of us. The complimentary breakfast was lovely, fresh muffins, bagels, toast, cereal etc. and the location was great, just a minutes walk to Times Square.All in all we really could not have asked for a better hotel. We would recommend the Night Hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 13 2008 	not bad !	well stayed at &quot;Night&quot; last saturday for one night in new york. firstly great location, 2 minutes from times square so that was gd and walking distance easily to all the shops and central park, rockerfella centre etc...bit of a weird hotel! think i liked it ! small rooms with no view, but that is new york all over. very comfy bed and well equipped room, plasma , bose clock radio, even oxygen for sale in mini bar ! no bath just shower , very black in rooms but then theme of hotel is black and white so to be expected ! no porter on arrival, and reception staff ok but not particualry amazing, lift bit dirty but otherwise all okay, breakfast was minimal and no english breakfast in sight ! very light offering ! cost best part of £150 for the night so not that cheap, would reckon it worth more like £100 to £120 in reality.so okay stay but would not rush back...	
Jan 28 2008	A great stay for our first visit to NYC	My wife booked flights to NY for a special birthday &amp; as we usually do we spent quite a lot of time in picking our hotel. We selected the Night because it looked &quot;a bit different&quot; &amp; certainly had good reviews from European visitors. We arrived on Saturday evening for a 5 night stay &amp; although the first room that they showed us was tiny, the upgraded room was fine for the 2 of us. The staff on duty were all very polite, whatever time of the day or night, &amp; the complimentary breakfast was plentiful.Being so close to Times Square was brilliant &amp; we hardly used our prepaid subway cards.All in all a great choice for our first visit &amp; I would definitely recommend the Night to anybody	
Jan 21 2008 	Excellent stay	My wife and I went to New York for a 3 day weekend and booked our reservation with this hotel. The overall experience was very good. The location is great...just steps away from Broadway. There is plenty of shopping and dining just a few steps away from the hotel (along with a Starbucks next door to get our early morning caffeine fix).The hotel room itself is small, but a standard size for a room in NYC. The room was very clean and well-kept. There was a Plasma TV in the room along with a Bose radio system. Both worked great! The lighting in the room created a nice atmosphere, especially the lighting around the base of the bed.Probably the best part of the stay was the service we received from the staff. The entire staff was always friendly and was more than helpful when we asked questions regarding directions and other general questions about the area.The only word of caution I would use regarding the hotel is its not a place for children. The photographs in the hallways and decor depicts some nudity (tastefully done). However, this is a very nice hotel for couples. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and we do plan to stay here again on our next trip.	
Jan 10 2008 	Cool boutique hotel in great location	Arrived frazzled from flight, but was given a great welcome by the friendly people on reception. They were very helpful and gave me 'in residence cards' with my name printed on them - v helpful so I could my other friends in the city my details. Room was brilliant. All the basics (clean, comfortable etc) but all done extremely stylishly from lighting to bathroom to bed to TV. Nice breakfast in the relaxing bar. Was off afterwards to a boring, bog-standard conference hotel, but returned to the bar in this hotel as felt a lot more special and not just boring and mass produced.	
Jan 4 2008 	stunning hotel probably the best in manhattan	we stayed here from the 29th december07 until 3rd january, and i have to say that there was no other hotel on all of manhattan that came in the same league to this hotel. it was an absolutely amazing stay with all the staff so helpful and friendly, they couldnt do enough to make sure that we had an memorable stay.we knew on the outset that the rooms were small but hey were they smart looking. all the deco was very modern with a black and white theme through out hotel. it was so close to times square that we could see it from our front door. we didnt eat in the hotel however there are a couple of nice irish bars and restaurants located right opposite the hotel and they served some really nice food.we will definately be staying here again and we are currently planning our next trip to new york and to the night hotel in particular.	
Jan 2 2008 	Great Place to Stay	We stayed here for 4 nights in mid-December in what was our first trip to New York, and we will definitely be coming back. As almost everybody has pointed out previously, the rooms are small, but they are fine for what we wanted them for (sleeping in after long days sightseeing and shopping). The rooms are also incredibly clean and very smart indeed. The bathroom is quite big, the shower is powerful and the complementary toiletries are very nice. No complaints from us about the room.The staff were courteous, helpful and friendly (both doormen were running up and down 7th Avenue trying to find us a taxi which would take us to JFK!). We didnt try the breakfast, but did eat in the restaurant/bar one night. We found the food to be over-priced, coming in small portions and very salty, so we didnt eat in again. The &quot;20% Gratuity&quot; added onto our food bill was rigorously upheld by the waiter when the tip I had left was somewhere nearer to 18%, which we felt was a little rude. That was the only gripe I had with the hotel at all.Front desk saw that the window/fire escape in our room, on which the lock had broken, was fixed straight away, and they helped us with restaurant recommendations etc several times.All in all, a great place to stay, about 50 paces from Times Square, 5 minutes walk from 5th Avenue, all at a reasonable price.	
Dec 28 2007 	Fantastic! Highly recommend!	We stayed at the Night from 18-23 December and had a fantastic time and were looked after incredibly well.The location is absolutely perfect for a city break in New York, practically on Times Square and once you enter the hotel you can't hear any noise from the street.The interior of the hotel is stunning...dark, gothic and stylish with a nice bar/breakfast area. The room was lovely, a good size with an incredibly comfy bed. The flatscreen tv was great, as was the cd player and the mini bar came in handy. The bathroom was clean and well equipped with a great shower and really nice bathrobes.The staff were friendly and really helpful, and really made our trip by recommending restaurants and places to go. A big thank you to Carl, Brett and the rest of the team for all your help.Overall, we couldn't fault the hotel. We will be recommending to all our friends and will definitely stay there again when we return to NYC.	
Dec 19 2007 	Very nice location	I stayed the weekend Dec 7-9, 2007. The hotel is half ablock away from Times square. This means it is very convenient as shopping is not far away and it is very close to theaters, restaurants, delis etc. Hotel itself has black and white decoration that creates a pleasant environment. Rooms have a normal size. A very confortable and pleasant sray.	
Dec 11 2007 	Over rated in New York	Elitist, full of attitude, a doorman who doesn't open the door, no closet, curtains off the rod (for two days), broken lamp, no newspaper, double bed (doorman insisted bed was a queen, but he didn't know what room we were in) for a confirmed queen size bed, good breakfast, great location.We stayed five days, and the staff was basically no help with the room problems for the first three days untill I insisted they do something to make us more comfortable. Then they upgraded us to a king size bed in a room with no closet, and amenities (refrigerator, safe, desk, piled on each other. I was reminded of the look in a hotel where they forgot to plan for these amenities. NEVER AGAIN. They staff was indifferent.	
Dec 10 2007 	dont stay here!	I was extremely disapointed with my stay, the hotel is quite funky and modern and in a good location, however after reading how small the rooms were we decided to upgrade to a room no bigger than my bedroom, was tiny, the radiator clanked all night, none of electrical items worked in there socket points and to top it off, i was sharing my room with my brother and requested two beds and they gave us a room with a one bed, when i requested an upgrade an alterntive room they couldnt accomodate, i found the staff rude, i was met by an attitude when irefused to pay for a fax sent to me which i didnt request. Please spend a bit more and go to the Hilton, or Parkl Lane it will be worth it	
Dec 6 2007 	Excellent stay at the Night	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the Night for 5 nights in Feb. We booked through Expedia and managed to get a rate of $130 a night which was an absolute bargain for a hotel of this class and location.As soon as we arrived we we're suprised at just how close it is to Times Square. I know that Expedia said it was a short walk away but I took that with a pinch of salt! From leaving the hotel door to the center of Times Square takes all of 2 minutes! Despite this the hotel remains nice and peaceful.The hotel itself is very funky. The decor is certainly 'different' to say the least but I really warmed to it. Lounge music is played (quietly) in the corridors which really adds to the ambience.Our room was a standard room and although small was plenty big enough for us. We had a window which looked out onto a wall so we kept the large (and stylish!) curtain closed most of the time. The lack of natural light might be a problem to some but we spent little time awake in the room so it didn't really bother us.The bathroom is also small but well fitted. The shower has a huge head and is heavenly. As already stated there is no side wall to the shower so you have to put an extra towell on the floor to stop flooding. Annoying but no major problem. The Molton Brown soaps and shampoos are lovely. Much better than your average hotel toiletries.The rooms also have a large tv with lots of channels and a Bose sound system. The Bose has an Ipod attachment so you can listen to your ipod as you get ready to pound the NYC streets!All in all Ioved my stay at the night and would love to visit again. I've noticed that the rates have gone up quite a bit since my last stay so maybe I'll shop around before my next stay in NYC.Boring bits you might want to know:Wireless internet is $10 a day,There is an in room safe,There is air con but it's noisy,Free NY Times every morning under door,Hair dryer provided,Travel adaptors provided,There is a mini-bar.I have recommended this hotel to friends.Apologies for the poor quality of my pictures! I'm not the best with a camera!	
Nov 28 2007 	What happened?	Oh my God....what happened? My boyfriend and I stayed there a bit over a year ago. It was summer 2006. We had a great time. Stayed for 6 nights. The staff was young, fun, sexy and AMAZINGLY helpful.Even the general manager wore jeans and helped the young attractive lobby butler bring us some wine when we checked in! The place wasn't really finished during our stay but the staff and service made up for it. We were really looking forward to coming back... excited to see the finished product. But it was never finished! It actually looks worse! The service isn't as good and most of the friendly faces were gone. Replaced by far less competent people. The service was horrible. My room went TWO DAYS without being serviced! I asked to speak with the general manager and instead of an individual who looked and talked the part AFTER 2 DAYS we finally spoke to a rude indian woman who told us our housekeeping claim was &quot;impossible&quot; !I asked were the previous general manager was and was told that he no longer was with the company. OBVIOUSLY! Must've moved on to a real company. AVOID AT ALL COSTS	
Nov 28 2007	Nice in some parts not so nice in others	We have booked the room because it was supposed to be quite different from the average hotel room. Well it was!There were things I have liked, such as comfy bed and Molton Brown goodies and things I didn`t. Unfortunately, there is more of those.The most annoying is the door and air con unit. Both of them are noisy. The doors are metal and even if you are carefull in closing them, they always bang. Then there is no window. After a day it was driving us mad. Basically it`s dark all the time and lighting is not that great, as such I had a problem applying my make-up.The promised goodie bag upon arrival has never materialised.Lastly, the breakfast consisted of coffee, orange juice, bagels, packs of cereals, yoghurt, bananas and apple. That`s it.One special mention: I have booked the hotel via discount website and felt that the guy who checked us in treated us as not a such desirable guests (although other staff were ok).Overall, an okay experience for $220 a night but wouldn`t pay any more than that.	
Nov 26 2007	great hotel!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel thanksgiving weekend and loved it. The staff is very friendly and courteous. The rooms are a bit small but it is New York City! The rooms are gorgeous, brilliantly designed and very sexy. They offer wonderful storage despite the size. You can easily block out the hustle of the city. I will definitely reccomend to others! The only thing I would change is the selections at their continental breakfast.	
Nov 24 2007 	Gothic Hotel - A quiet cosy retreat!	Loved the hotel. Great location. Fun decor. Great staff. Clean and comfortable rooms. Will stay here again, especially with the UK / EURO dollar so good against the US dollar and so many visitors heading into town to clean up on the cheap shopping ... raising hotel rates sky-high .. this place was a great deal booked on tablet hotels.	
Nov 22 2007 	Great weekend getaway	This was definitely a good choice for a weekend getaway. Our room was a deluxe one. It was not to big so make sure you get this one kind of room or you might just get sick if you are claustrophobic. Had it at a very nice price on the hotel website (a little complicated website in my opinion though...)The hotel is elegant and stylish. The staff is nice and efficient. Check-in was really fast as was check-out which is a good thing for a wkd getaway.The room was clean but the bathroom needs eùergency refurbishing (some rusty metal which made a really bad impression). The bar looked nice although in NYC, you should rather enjoy the city nightlife than stay at the hotek bar...The restaurant was closed for renovation during my stay so I can't say anything about it...Knowing NYC very well, I did not use the concierge either. Did not try the internet either...The bed IS comfortable and large but if you are tall like me, you might be a little surprised about the lenght of the bed (really short). the TV is fine with a lot of channels. BUT: this is great for a wkd, not a day more than that because you might be sick of the dark colors as well as the small rooms. The people in the hotel are noisy because of slamming doors (very heavy noise) and they go out late usually...The location is superb...	
Nov 13 2007 	Sexy Hotel!	Brilliant hotel - the rooms are small, which you'd expect in NYC, but have fantastic decor. They really feel like an event in themselves! The bar and lobby are like a nightclub, and the staff were always friendly and helpful.The bathroom is tiny and a little chilly, but then we were staying in December, and you can leave the bathroom door open and the room heating will warm it up in no time.You're right near Time Square, which is fab for the NYC feel, but to be honest I'd recommend staying in Soho if you're under 35 and there for shopping rather than just being a tourist.Breakfast - come out of the hotel and turn right and cross the street. There's a brilliant diner just there.In short, I wouldn't stay here again, but I'm really pleased to have had the experience!	
Nov 13 2007 	Stay at The Night for a night	The Night hotel is on 45th between 6th and 7th - which is a perfect location so that you don't spend your time in cabs heading out about town. The Hotel itself is small (ie even no room for a concierge desk) but the staff are courteous. We checked into our room and it was small...even by NY standards...I hadn't seen this small since The Hudson on Upper West Side! We asked to be moved to a bigger room but they said we already had the biggest...!!! Not to worry - the beds are comfortable but given the size and lack of drawers available for storage I could only imagine this is a place for people to stay for a night or two max.The rate includes complimentary breakfast which was yummy - freshly made croissants and muffins are always a winner! the only downer was that the hotel bar closes at midnight - even for residents. Overall, this is a well located hotel and the rooms are comfortable. Although small and they have only showers (no baths) in the bathrooms, if you are okay with this, for the price this hotel ticks most of the boxes. i would consider staying here again.	
Nov 11 2007 	Vampire Boutique Hotel located by Times Square	I usually stay downtown and thought the Times Square area would make a nice change...it was restaurant week where you can eat at 100s of nice restaurants for only $35 (Three courses). Since most of them were located in the midtown area the hotel was centrally located to the places where we had dinner reservations. When we checked in they stored our luggage until the room was ready. Our corner king looked over the street. The bed was very nice. The room was average NYC sized (250sf?). The bathroom was updated..though small. The closet could not have accomodated more than a weekend of clothes.The bar was packed with a wait in the late evenings (aren't boutiques supposed to have a cool bar scene). If my travels in NYC focus this far north of Houston Street, I will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 31 2007 	Great people couldn't get in the mood	Booked The Night based on other reviews on the site. The staff were gorgeous and helped me out with phoning local stores and I had no trouble getting room service at 10.30pm. Stayed in a Queen room which was definitely more like a double bed. The bed was quite short, I'm 5'7&quot; and my toes reached the end. Otherwise the bed was delicious !Overall as other people have commented the room was small and I put my case on the desk. I was in a room on the third floor close to the piped house music that sings through the hallway. The music got turned off late and turned on early. My window faced out onto a brick wall. It was dark, hot and smelly out there. The airconditioner was very noisy. The bedside lamp had an intermittent electric hum. The time on the giant plasma screen and bedside clocks glowed through the night. Bring eyemask and earplugs. Breakfast is in the club room which is quite dim. Great if you're hungover. Not great if you want to read the complimentary newspaper. Breakfast consisted of toast, boiled eggs, bagels, fruit and plunger coffee. Once again, can't rate the staff highly enough. The room was groovy but unhealthy. It was more FashionTV then Fashionable.	
Oct 27 2007 	Glad I stayed	Stayed 4 nights. The location was close to all the major subway lines. Usually I do not stay above 14th street since my office is in SOHO. I also try not to stay in the Times Square area due to all the tourist but due to no rooms at other hotels and being that I am a memeber of the PREFERRED Guest Program, I chose Night. The staff was awesome and were there when I needed them but were never in your face. The room size was a large compared to other NYC hotels and small compared to the W chain. Linens and bed were great. The nightly turn down service with robe and chocolates were a nice touch. Did not encounter the shower flooding like some reviewers. The shower was like that of a lot of NYC and Miami hotels. Guess I am used to it. Would I stay here again - yes certainly and not as a last resort.	
Oct 26 2007 	Average	Having booked a 5 night stay at the Night hotel we are sad to say that this place is overrated. Our first two nights were spent in the smaller Queen room, whilst our last three were spent in the King room. As all the reviews say these rooms are small but the King is definitely worth the extra money for the extra space. Unfortunately in both rooms we found that attention to detail seems not to be the hotel's strong point. Most of the bathroom fittings were loose, the plug didn't work in the sink and the steel bathroom shelf was rusty. This all let the whole hotel experience down as the decor is very modern with quality fittings (Bose stereo, Kohler bathroom suite etc).During our stay a flatbed truck (accompanied with a 12ft inflatable rat on the back) was stationed outside the hotel. This turned out to be people lobbying the owners of the hotel for their 'blatant disregard for the public by hiring unsafe contractors to remove asbestos from the building'!!On a good note however, the location of the hotel was ideal, right in the heart of the hustle and bustle of nyc and the hotel staff were extremely helpful and consistant through out our stay.	
Oct 26 2007 	Amazing hotel	We booked the hotel through tablethotels.com and got a really good deal on the King Deluxe room. The hotel was fantastic!! Very trendy and very good looking, great location too ;-) The bed was to die for, so comfortable that I could have easily stayed in bed the whole holiday. The hotel staff were very nice and helpful. We recieved newspapers every morning and complimentary breakfast. There were useful magazines in the room like Time Out and Where To Go. You could open the windows in the hotel room which was great (for a sneaky cigarette). All in all I would not want to change anything!! Would definitely stay there again!Bee, 28 from London	
Oct 25 2007 	Great location	We got a great deal to stay at the Night through Expedia, our first impressions were good, the hotel is clean, sleak and looked sophisticated, I loved the decor, the staff were very friendly and helpful without being pushy. The location was fantastic, a stones throw from the heart of time square.The room though sleakly decorated was tiny, included in the room were a wall mounted plasma tv, CD/Radio Alarm, Fridge (Mini bar), AC.The bathroom was sufficient, again tiny but the shower was nice and powerful. And we found the bed to be very comfortable!The size of the room didn't really bother me or my partner as we hardly spent anytime in the hotel.A few bad points: the breakfast was rubbish, the restaurant was closed and the bar always seemed to be shut.The Night is good for the following reasons: location, decor, coolness.New York is a fabulous city, and we had an amazing time!	
Oct 22 2007 	Disappointing	The hotel is very funky indeed and pricey. When we got to our room after a loooong journey from England, we found that all the towels in the bathroom had stains on them. We called reception and they sent another batch which (although &quot;clean&quot;) still had brownish/yellowish stains on them. We reported it to reception who did not seem much bothered about it. The bathroom was badly lit, the tiles in the shower looked old and stained, the bathroom cabinet under the sink was chipped and the metal shelf above the sink was badly stained with rust. Also every morning in the street outside the hotel, there was a giant inflatable rat and people distributing leaflets claiming that the owners of the hotel did not properly treat asbestos in the building. I don't know if it's true or not but it did not give us a good impression. So not so glamorous for 250 pounds a night ! On the positive side, the location is great , most of the staff are friendly and the beds are very comfy.	
Oct 15 2007 	Goodnight? Great Night more like!	A fantastic stay at Night for my girlfriend and I, during a four night trip to NYC. Was deciding between Night and sister hotels (Dream and Sleep, I think!) but plumped for Night after going on hotel. Wasn't disappointed in any way.Location is fantastic, right in the middle of everything. Decor is very funky and all staff very friendly. Most places in Europe that look this 'cool' tend to have somewhat arrogant staff, but def not the case here.Will be my first port of call on future visits to NYC. Loved the Night.	
Sep 30 2007 	Everything we wanted and more	We visited New York for my partner's 30th Birthday. We booked our trip through Expedia and chose this hotel becuase we loved the look of it. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. It was everything we wanted and more. The staff were friendly, the bar man was friendly and recommended loads of places to visit. The room was special, with a flat screen TV, Bose sound system and Molton Brown toiletries - It had all the little extras to make it special. It was also a stones throw away from Times Square. 10/10	
Sep 28 2007	Loved the Night	Loved it - great service, great amenities (umbrella, &quot;Kama Sutra&quot;, in-room safe for jewelry and laptop, WiFi, subway maps). Decor is fun and the location couldn't be better for the show-loving tourist. Three blocks from Times Square subway station. Nice continental breakfast (though they could add another staffer to it), and our room with no view was as quiet as anything - no horns or city noise, just the occassional door slam from fellow guests (the doors are heavy and close loudly if not shut carefully). The room was tiny, but very efficiently laid out - plenty of room to store stuff - in and under bedside table, in desk, in bench at end of bed and in small closet.	
Sep 25 2007 	The Night Hotel	We have just returned home after 4 nights at the hotel celebrating our anniversary.The hotel is gorgeous! Staff were friendly,especially the doorman(with long hair).Really central for Times Square,tour buses,subway and shops.Cranberry deli across the street is fab for snacks.2 Irish bars across the street also do your usual pub food.Plenty resturants in the area.We ate at The Blue Fin.V nice seafood resturant attached to W hotel.Q pricey.Recommend you do the grayline bus tour.Ticket touts at almost every corner.Hotel position just off Planet Hollywood/Swatch shop.Our room was standard double.Large double shower.Bathroom almost like a &quot;wetroom&quot;.V nice!Decor gorgeous-everything black and white.Molton brown toiletries.Nice fluffy white towels.Bed v comfy.Air con a bit noisy at times.We were on 5th Floor.Couldnt hear any music from bar/nightclub.Resturant being refurbished so didnt eat at hotel apart from complimentary continental breakfast.A Fab,trendy,stylish hotel.Recommend!	
Sep 25 2007 	Night Hotel is a fab place to stay!	We just arrived back today, after a four night stay at the hotel. Like every other review, we loved it.Stylish and Chic, sexy, romantic. Couldn't be a better location (a two min walk from Time Square). The rooms, were lovely (not too small at all - we are used to this room size in the UK). No problems for us with the shower. Room service was great, reception were very friendly and very helpful and arranged trips for us (very easy to get to Woodbury retail outlet for the shop till you drop experience!).Cranberry deli was a great place - open 24hrs a day, a HUGE choice of foods, coffees, teas etc. Hot and Cold meals, great after a long day out, if you are too tired to eat out.Would definitely stay here again.EATING TIPS: - Patsy's, 236 W.56 Street. Walkable from hotel. Italian restaurant and fave of Frank Sinatra. Fab food and great ambiance. Allow time to look the photo's of all the celebs who have eaten there.Bonne Soupe, 48 W 55th St. French Bistro diner (very affordable), we had a fab Fondue there. Great menu.	
Sep 21 2007 	Great time at the Night	We spent 5 nights at the Night Hotel.Most of the reviews here are pretty accurate. We had a standard room which was fairly small but by no means too small for both of us to spread out our clothes and luggage. The bed was a normal sized double and was really comfortable. there was a safe and hanging space in the room.The room was stylishly decorated with a black and white gothic theme, sleigh style bed and a luxurious bathroom with Molton Brown toiletries.The atmosphere at the hotel was great, really chilled out and funky, with a small bar area at the back and a lounge area at the front. Cool music was always playing but not so it could be heard in the rooms. The staff were very friendly and helpful throughout, especially the assistant manager Geoff who recommended several restaurants and places to go.The hotel bar was quiet throughoiut our stay, and the restaurant was closed for refurbishment. We went to the sister hotel The Dream on Saturday night, which had a really lively rooftop bar, funky decor and a lively crowd.The hotel is really well located, right on Times Square and close to the subway which will take you just about anywhere you wanyt to go. the Rockerfeller centre, Empire State building, Grand Central and great shops such as Saks 5th Ave are all close by (within walking distance). As many other people have commented, the Cranberry Deli across the road has a great selection of food for a reasonable price.I only have a couple of negative comments about the hotel - we had problems with room service, and for two days of our stay the room was not cleaned and the towels were not replaced. When we complained to the reception, they discounted the bill and arranged for the room to be cleaned the next day. As a lot of other people have mentioned, the glass partition in the shower is just too small and it's very hard to have a shower without getting water all over the floor. Also the air conditioning was really noisy, even when the system was supposedly switched off. We think that this was because we were in a corner room where the main power supply for the air con was situated. Luckily it wasn't too hot and we could turn it off (although it was still quite noisy when off).Overall this hotel was very good value for money and a stylish alternative to the usual chain hotels. We had a great time and would definitely go back!	
Sep 19 2007 	total dissapointment	I don't know who these people are on here who gave this hotel such bogus positive reviews but I found this place to be a total disapointment. The room is smaller than any hotel I have ever expirienced and I travel often on business. There was no place for my boyfriend and I to put our luggage and the bathroom was so tiny - it was just to impossible for a couple to get ready for a night on the town. Besides the bathroom being so small it was not as clean as I would have liked. The towels were worn and tired and the king bed was short. Honestly it was a comfortable bed but if you're over 6' your legs will hang over the edge of the bed. It was quiet but the rooms are so dark due to the &quot;black out&quot; drapes you will sleep your life away if you don't set the alarm. I found the staff to be inexpirienced and services that the hotel advertised are not available such as 24 hour room service that ends @ 11pm during the week. The prices are average high for NYC but you are right in the thick of the action of times square. I wouldn't recommend - too many other options in NYC.	
Sep 4 2007	Nice hotel Great location	We stayed at Night hotel during our stay in NYC over Labor Day 2007. We booked this hotel after reading reviews on Trip Advisor and was glad we did. The room was on the small side (which was expected), but nicely done. The bed was comfy after a long day of sightseeing. The only complaint (and not really a complaint) was the shower. While I loved the rainfall shower head, it was nearly impossible not to get water all over the bathroom floor as there is no door. Other than that, we had a great time. The bar downstairs was being remodeled so there was no noise. The staff was VERY nice and the hotel was centrally located in Times Square, a short 2-3 block walk to the subway. Try O'Lunney's and Cranberry Deli across the street.Great stay - definately recommend!	
Sep 4 2007 	Sexy hip hotel. Waaaaay coooool.	This hotel is ultra chic, without being overly pretentious. The pictures on their website are pretty accurate, no camera tricks or weird angles to fool you. The black &amp; white theme of the hotel was a wonderful contrast against the bright lights and chaos of Times Square. My husband and I were there on our honeymoon. We found the Kama Sutra book in the nightstand very apropos. The fact that it was placed where a bible would have normally been found was very amusing to us! Although our standard size room was quite small, it was fine with us since we were on our honeymoon and didn't mind having to be cramped up together. For those of you who need their space, you might consider a larger room! My only complaint is that the shower divider wasn't quite wide enough, and water splashed all over the bathroom floor. Oh well, just throw a bunch of towels on the floor...they'll bring you new ones every day.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great Location!	Myself and my partner stayed here for a week from Aug 15th to Aug 22nd.We had never stayed in a &quot;Boutique Hotel&quot; before,so we weren't too sure what to expect.We were very pleased.From the very outset,the staff were very friendly and courteous.They always had a smile and a hello every time we passed the desk.This is my 5th time in NYC,and by far the nicest hotel I have stayed in.The location is perfect,just minutes walk from Times Square.Three lovely,clean Irish pubs right across the street(being Irish myself.....perfect!!).The food was also excellent in these pubs.I would definately stay here again.The huge plasma TV had all the channels you could need.A perfect place for couples.	
Aug 21 2007 	Wish it was always Night...	Gorgeous hotel, smaller than expected but impeccably furnished, excellent location, quiet especially considering its proximity to Times Square, and wonderful staff wh couldnt do enough for us.	
Aug 15 2007 	Good location	Awesome location and friendly staff. The Bose radio/cd player was a nice touch, as was the flatscreen tv and in-room safe.I wasn't impressed with the housekeeping. The rooms were clean for the most part, excluding the mildew on the shower curtain. Half way thru my stay, housekeeping stopped stocking the bathroom with wash clothes. That made it hard to use the body wash that I brought along. Housekeeping also did a lousy job at monitoring the toilet paper use, as I finally bought my own reserve roll at the market down the street. I'm glad I did, because I ended up having to use it.The bottom line is that I would stay here again if I got a good rate. The positives outweighed the negatives. The doormen were extremely friendly and helpful.	
Aug 6 2007 	Loved this place cant wait to go back	excellent....-concierge very, very helpful-friendly at front desk-modern and sheik design in rooms-small lounge area, but still accommodating-staff very friendly-great location, 20 ft. from starbucks, 1 block from times square action-concierge stopped the taxis for us, got us &quot;skip the line&quot; passes at nightclubs, and the food was great-room service was pricey, but hey, its new york	
Aug 6 2007	What a Great Place to Stay.	We stayed at the Night Hotel for 4 nights from July 18th, 2007. Right from the start is was a fantastic experience. The check in was so friendly and straight forward. We received an upgrade to a King Room and the bed was so very comfortable. After having read some negative reviews I was worried about the noise, but we did not encounter any problems at all. From the fourth floor we could hear no sound at all from the bar downstairs, even on the Friday night when ther was an event happening.The location is brilliant, and it is like a quiet oasis away from the hordes of people in Times Square, yet it is just around the corner. I would highly recommend Night Hotel to anyone looking for a great New York experience.	
Aug 6 2007 	Not really worth it	I was desperately interested in a boutique hotel and had seen this one featured on the Travel Channel. It definitely had its fair share of both pros and cons:Pro - convenient to Times Square &amp; theaters, subways. Lovely decor, relatively friendly staff, well-appointed rooms with some interesting features (shower door deliberately not there).Con - bar/restaurant fairly overrun with flies due to the tiny patio just next to the restaurant; very small spaces (even for new york) in lobby and rooms; catching a cab out front is easy but the street dumps right into the middle of times square, making it tough to get anywhere quicklyOverall, it was a nice experience, but I'll probably pick a different hotel in a different part of the city next time.	
Jul 30 2007 	Simply AMAZING!!!	I can honestly say i have never stayed in such a great hotel and will definitely recommend it to everyone i know and use it when i return to the city. The decor and style of the hotel was great, so different from standard hotels. the rooms were clean and the bed so comfy, exactly what was needed after a long day of sightseeing!!! The service provided by the friendly staff was second to none!! They made such an effort and nothing was too much trouble. i had some trouble confirming a trip i had booked but the two receptionists were more than helpful and went that extra mile to help me, so grateful!!! on checking out i didnt check the bill, my mistake, but on returing to pick up our cases i questioned a 'private dining' item on it, having not used the restaurant or the bar i knew it wasnt mine. the man behind the desk was helpful and refunded the amount to my card with no quesions asked showing again how great the staff and hotel is. past experience shows that normally there would have been a debate about the item and on this occasion there wasnt. the location of the hotel was also great, only half a block from times square and so close to the subway and major shopping areas, you couldnt have a better location!!!the only bad thing i could say about this hotel has been mentioned before in the reviews, the shower will soak the bathroom but apart from that i cannot see how people can find fault or give this hotel a bad review!!!if you are looking for a hotel that is a bit different with a personal touch then i would highly recommend the Night. having stayed in a chain hotel on a previous trip to new york and then staying here there simply is no comparison!!!	
Jul 26 2007	Night hotel is fabulous	I highly recommend this hotel. If you are going as a family, beware, the photos of topless women in the lobby may come as a shock, despite the artistic presentation. The decor is stunning, with fragrant white lilies and orchids strategically placed near sitting areas. Our stay featured a complimentary breakfast each morning, which was delicious, consisting of assorted pastries, muffins, and bagels, along with coffee and juices. The rooms, although tiny (try and find one in NY that isn't!), were comfortable, and the bed, complete with fluffy down pillows and comforter was comfortably shared by me and my husband. The closet contained two fluffy, white robes that we used during the stay. The room was also complete with a minibar, which we avoided like the plague due to prices. My only room complaint lies in the bathroom - the shower does not have a divider between it and the rest of the bathroom, and the first night I showered, there was a pool of water on the floor which seeped into the carpet under the door. The following days I stacked towels on the floor to avoid this problem. The room amenities were quite good - the Molton Brown bodywash and lotion were nicely scented and replaced each day. The best part of our stay at the Night was our daily encounters with the staff - they were friendly, helpful, and made the stay well worthwhile, especially the bell-boys and bartender.	
Jul 20 2007 	A very special atmosphere	My 16 year old daugther and I spent 8 nights at the Night hotel on the 8th floor. We loved every minute of it, from our first encounter with Simon, one of the two gorgeous door men, to the extremely kind, helpful and equally attractive male and female staff. The ambience is striking and not nearly as intimidating as it appears on the internet. If you are one of those social pariahs that still likes to smoke, you can actually get a smoking room here! Like other comments on this site, the rooms are small, and the storage space extremely limited, particularly if one of your prime reason for visiting New York is to shop! But the bed was huge and extremely omfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be right in the centre of all the action. Broadway is a 30 second walk away, 5th Avenue 5 minutes. Thank you to everyone who made this trip so highly enjoyable. It was always a treat to return to the big black door from wherever!Sheila &amp; Olivia Steel	
Jul 18 2007	New York City Jewel	This hotel is one of New Yorks jewels, only open for a year and a half and completely rennovated. Our three night stay went perfectly. We checked in early in the morning and it was no problem. The room was clean, very quiet and one block from Times Square. The room was small but equal to most rooms in New York. Robes, umbrella and nice towels in room. The best feature of the hotel was the staff. They were actually eager to serve you and took care of all our requests. Above all, they were nice. The price was typical for area. We would stay here again our next visit to the city and would recommend it to anyone without reservation.	
Jul 17 2007 	Loved it!	We just got back from our honeymoon in NY. We stayed 7 nights at the Night and loved it! The staff was always friendly and helpful, and the rooms were great. When we walked into our room, we saw that the hotel management left us a note and a complimentary bottle of wine on the night stand. The hotel's location was perfect, right near everything. The noise from the lobby and street were never a problem. We stayed on the 7th floor, so I'm not sure how it would have been on the 2nd or 3rd. I have never slept in a more comfortable bed! The only negative thing I can think of is that they provide you with an ice bucket, but there is no ice machine...but, if you call room service, they will bring you ice for no charge...so it really wasn't a problem. The complimentary breakfast was nice. They had a selection of bagels, muffins and pastries with juices and coffee. It was great for us because it was light and quick. The housekeeping staff came everyday to pick up around the room, replace the towels, and make the bed. We're glad we chose to stay at the Night during our honeymoon. We would love to stay there again!	
Jun 27 2007 	Great trendy hotel!!!	Was going to NYC to see a play with my 12 year old daughter and wanted a fun, trendy, inexpensive hotel near Times Square. The Night Hotel was the perfect answer!!! Was a little worried it would be too sexy for my daughter by the photos, but other than a few suggestive photo in the lobby ( saw worse bill boards in Times Square) the hotel was fine. Yes the rooms were small but wonderfully decorated. We loved the New York feel of the whole hotel. The bed and sheets were the best and everything was clean and well maintained. The people working there were professional and very helpful if I needed a recommendation. As for noise which several reviews mentioned, we were not bothered by bar noise but our air conditioning was loud, but not enough to keep us up. Would definately stay there again.	
Jun 24 2007 	small rooms but this is new york people!	yes the rooms are small and yes the bar noise does carry through so take some ear plugs! However the rooms are well designed and the sheets were lovely!! The service is great and so is the location right off times square.Breakfast was ok but you cant complain when its free I've had worse! all in all a good stay and what I would expect from a new york hotel.	
Jun 16 2007 	Hippest Stay in NYC	Coming from someone who swears by boutique hotels....Night is Fabulous! Personnels are great, efficient and well-dressed. Decor is stellar. If you like creative, modern-style, this is the place for you. Excellent taste, and by the way I was a single woman there and I felt very safe. It is quaint and hip. You can hang-out or do your own thing. The complementary yoga and meditation sessions is a superb idea. There is complementary breakfast from 7 am to 10 am...that is if you don't sleep in b/c the sheets and bed are ultra comfy. Oh, and don't forget to check out what's in your Night drawer. During your stay go across the street to eat at The Cranberry, and have a drink and a swim at the QT hotel (good hotel for young twenties). Night is for trendy 30's, 40's hipsters.Enjoy yourselves, it's fun if your a few or just alone. I'll be back soon.	
Jun 16 2007 	Stylish but very small rooms not worth the money	Just back from a long weekend stay at Night. It is one of those hotels which tries hard to project a chic image. The rooms are done in black and white (at least ours was) and look pretty nice for what they are, with an interesting headboard arrangement, flat panel TV and interesting bathroom tile. However, they had to go to the effort in this case because the rooms are tiny. Not much room to maneuver between the bed and one side of the wall, and the very small desk. No room for an ironing board or iron in the closet, so if you need one you'll have to call in advance. No tub, and while again it is stylishly done, not even room for a full glass door in the shower. We did not take advantage of the free yoga classes, or the continental breakfast. Those are nice touches but again they kind of have to do things like that to make up for the very small rooms. As an aside, they had a party in the lobby bar one night we were there and the sound carried all the way up to the 4th floor, keeping us up part of the night. I can only imagine how the people on the lower floors felt...In sum, Night hotel has a very good location, and a stylish way about it, and they've tried to make the most they can with very little to work with, but frankly for the money you are better off staying elsewhere.	
Jun 9 2007 	not for women traveling alone	A friend and I stayed for three nights, we felt very unsafe. If they had a doorman we never saw him. Elevator is past the front desk and the bar just beyond that, anyone can walk in and follow you up. Stairwell has no doors, halls very dark, rooms very small. No view at all. My third stay in New York and I would not pick this hotel again.	
Jun 2 2007 	Wedding Night at the Night Hotel	Loved it! Looks fabulously hip, feels super exclusive &amp; intimate! Black &amp; white never looked better! We chose this hotel for our equally hip whirlwind wedding from LA to NYC during Thanksgiving. We were drawn to the aesthetics of the designer features &amp; decor. We were not at all disappointed! From the &quot;N&quot; exterior facade, to the grand black door, to the lobby &amp; the hallways. Not a single design feature was missed &amp; there were some fabulous surprises. (Check out the room numbers!) The door &quot;guy&quot;, lobby personnel &amp; room service were impeccablely perfect with model good looks &amp; welcoming flair! The room was very clean &amp; stylishly plush! Black leather bed, Coach leather chair, plasma, bose stereo with ipod hookup. The bath was just as cool, as was the Old English designer font on carpet &amp; drapes. It was everything we needed, as an intimate hideaway right in the bustle of NYC. We had not one complaint. Even our camera charger left behind was found &amp; shipped to us &quot;gratis&quot;. We will definitely stay at the Night again!	
May 23 2007	Doesn't live up to the appearance	My wife and I stayed for 3 nights (Friday, Saturday, Sunday). We used to live in New York and had come back for a vacation weekend—our first away from our two children. We stayed in the “large” King room.I do not recommend the hotel. It seems possible to have a positive experience here, but from what I can tell, odds are high that you may not.I wouldn’t stay again because the mood set by the decorating, the music, and the other stylish things the hotel does ultimately falls flat when faced with the realities of its deficiencies in creating a comfortable atmosphere. Once that happens, the fun of the place is gone, and the façade of style rings hollow.IS THIS SEXY?Used room service trays sat on two different floors with food still on them in the hallways for over two full days. The food from late Friday night or early Saturday morning was still there on Monday when I checked out. Two full days of walking past and smelling leftover food and ketchup in the hallway every-time you go to your room. Take a look at the website for Night, and imagine a place that sells itself with those photos, but then leaves food in the hallway for days. You walk through a narrow mood-lit hallway with photos of half naked people on the wall, and oops, what’s that? Oh, it’s a 2 day old room service tray with a bowl of ketchup next to it. Two day leftover food isn’t what I want when I am booking a fun sexy hotel in New York. This is a small hotel, yet two full rounds of housekeeping, plus various other employees walked by the trays for days and nobody cared enough to pick it up. It really punctured a big hole in the atmosphere the hotel tried to present.THE STAFFMostly helpful and pleasant. Nice door guys. The front desk staff was pleasant. The interaction between the staff seemed disorganized, like everyone wasn’t on the same page, or like maybe nobody was in charge. The only real staff problem was that the Saturday night bartender was a total piece of work.THE GOODThe room was decorated as shown in the photos. It was cool in appearance. It was small, which we expected. Location was in a busy and fun spot. It’s noisy, but it’s right off of time square, so noisy/busy can be fun. Requests for extra towels, housekeeping service, and an ironing board were all met in a courteous and timely manner.There’s a place down the street called the Cranberry Deli. They had excellent deli food, really nice service, and reasonable prices.THE BADThe a/c was LOUD. The unit produced deep humming noise and the vent cover rattled with a high pitch noise. The noise was more unpleasant than the temperature so we turned the A/C off.The bed was comfortable. But it was supposed to be a king and at 5’11” I filled it from top to bottom.THE UGLYBesides the previously mentioned room service leftovers, the bar/lounge was problematic. It was not a welcoming atmosphere for us. On Friday night, we returned to the hotel past midnight. The bar was packed. There wasn’t an employee in sight, with an unmanned door and front desk. Someone had placed velvet ropes blocking off the entrance into the hotel on the INSIDE of the entrance, as if to say the party was full. We stepped around it and went up to our room. When the party wound down at 2 or 3 a.m., there was an altercation in the street. But I can’t say for sure that it was related to the hotel party….and after all, it is New York.On Saturday, we stopped down for a drink around 10 p.m.. The bar was empty. Apparently half of the tiny bar area was reserved for a party that had not arrived, but this was not marked. The person running the bar was rude and unprofessional in the way she informed us (and later other people) of this. She was really a jerk. She was at the bar gabbing loud and nonstop over the mood music with no care as to how she was affecting the people who had to deal with her. It was pathetic.So much for being a “guest”. Dealing with this lady was a sour experience in a place that I thought would take care of us better.	
May 21 2007 	Very trendy and chic - a great stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Night Hotel for a break in December 2006. The black door entrance makes it feel exclusive and when you walk in it continues to feel exclusive. They have a gorgeous lounge area with funky chairs, low but funky music playing. The staff are very well dressed and the bell boy looked like a film star. He was very attentive and gave us a lot of information on where to go. My boyfriend and I was invited at check in to a drinks party that the hotel were laying on for a wine company. We planned to only go for a drink but ended up staying in the hotel bar the whole night. It was full of beautiful people and they had a dj playing really chilled and funky music. Perfect. We stayed for 4 nights and loved every minute of our stay. We are now going back with our relatives in October and I can not wait	
May 5 2007 	What a Night!	My husband and I stayed at the Night hotel in NYC for one weekend in April while I was attending a conference at the Marriott Marquis Hotel. This was a great place that was really snazzy and sleek with great decor. The pictures are a little odd - but don't let that throw you. Staff was pleasant and our room was VERY quiet (except when others on our hall shut their doors which was quite loud). Loved the rain shower in the bathroom. YES the room was small, but people, this is NYC - get over it! We had a queen bed and it was fine for the two of us. The room had a very &quot;calming&quot; feel, esp. with the Bose stereo tuned in to a nice jazz station. The location cannot be beat - it was one block from the Marriott Marquis. An Irish pub across the street offered great corned beef and cabbage on our first night. The Cranberry deli had a quick omelet and muffin for a breakfast on the way over to the conference. All in all, I highly recommend it, first and foremost for the location and second for the classy rooms and quiet calm serenity once you are in the room.	
May 1 2007 	Trendy Boutique for the Young 	This hotel was wonderful...I have to admit I was kind of skeptical once I booked it looking at the actual hotel website. I was wonderingif it was going to be as gothic as the feel I got from the website itself. Boy was I wrong. My boyfriend and I went for the weekend Sat-Mon and had so much fun. Very impressed. Service was fast, friendly, and top-notch. We arrived and trendy music was playing and we were well greeted by the bellman. Night has a W hotel feel to it. Our room was not ready when we got there, however they were able to give us a better room that was. The rooms were not as small as people werecomplaining about...I thought they were fine and well decorated enough to feel comfortable for relaxing and sleeping. The beds were comfy and the T.V was a great touch! The Glass Shower was trendy and the shower-head is unforgettable. I LOVED the lights under the bed, whoever thought a black and white room would actually inspire someoneto do some re-decorating in their own bedroom at home. The people that stayed there seemed to be well polished people. Armani Xchange and Bebe dressers..Location couldn't be better...everything right out the door! Bar menuwas great and ambiance throughout was very nice. I would love to stayhere again on my next visit to NY. Nice backgrounds for photos!! Staff very friendly and helpful at all times!	
Apr 23 2007 	Neat hotel but paper thin walls	i was in town on business and thought I would try this hotel. I am used to small rooms and this is no exception, but the decor is very unique and modern and the room was very clean. The bed was excellent. The bathroom was very tiny (no space for my stuff) and the shower could have use a good scrubbing with grout cleaner, but I will confess I have seen worse. My criticism is that this hotel is if you want to party, not if you want to sleep. The walls were PAPER THIN and I could hear everything including the chime of the elevator and any person walking in the hall. Thank God I finally got the AC to stay on to drown out the noise. Would not stay again unless I was planning on staying out all night and sleeping during the day.	
Apr 16 2007 	Style over Substance	This hotel was recommended to us by friends, so we were hopeful.I had requested a high room, and we had booked a king size bed.The room was very small, no storage (drawer space) and a very small hanging rail. There was no safe in the room, so storing valuable items was a little tricky. There was no iron in the room, but I think this can be provided.We did not really have any view, apart from the backs of other buildings, so high room did not matter.We had a complimentary breakfast on our first morning, pretty poor (considering they expected a tip), there was not even a spoon in the jam, margarine or any other condiments. Certainly better to go round the corner to one of the take-away places. The lighting was also too dark, as my husband could not read his paper.Twice the cleaners did not clean our room, as they claimed we had left the do not disturb sign on the door, we certainly checked this the 2nd day to ensure we had not, so I think a trick to clean less rooms.The location is what saved this hotel, as you are 2 min walk from Times Square and Broadway.Staff were pleasant enough.The bed was very comfy, and the 42in Plasma was as others have said a good use of space, but more storage for your luggage and clothing would also have been very useful.	
Apr 13 2007 	Cool 	The hotel looks like a private club: it is completely black, it hasn't spotighlts or signs and the front door is always closed. I found that cool, and the interior design (all black with an inspired gothic charme) is cool too. Being a boutique hotel, the Night &quot;should be&quot; and &quot;definitely is&quot; small (lobby and other spaces) but what really disappointed me is the room, which I would describe as &quot;cramped&quot; while costed over 300 dollars/night. 42 inches Plasma TV and a Bose radio-cd alarm clock are the in-room amenities. The service is not perfect (after 14 days, I am still waiting for the refund of my credit card cash advance which is worth over 600 dollars, and when one morning I asked the concierge to book a table at NOBU, they replied is was fully booked and it was 6.30 pm...I got a table anyway &quot;the italian way&quot;, arguing there must have been a mistake in the booking procedure). Location is perfect, one minute from Times Square, who could ask more? If understatement and trendy places are what you are looking for, then go for it, but make sure you watch out for an acceptable room space.	
Mar 31 2007 	Pick your room carefully!	We stayed at Night for 4 nights in late March. The first night we were given a queen room on the 2nd floor. We were happy enough with the room. They are small with a small closet, not much in the way of drawer space, small bathroom and window that let in no light on account of being between two walls! Having said this good use is made of the space (like the wall mounted flat screen tv). Most importantly it was clean and comfortable. When we went to bed the first night we noticed we could hear the noise from the bar but were so tired we went to sleep. However, the following night (a Saturday) there was a party in the bar with a DJ and this noise carried upstairs and was loud in the room. I complained at reception and we were moved straightway to a king room on the 8th floor (bigger bed and slightly bigger room). We were very happy with our new room (2 windows and a view!!) and the rest of the stay went without incident. The location of this hotel is excellent: 2 minute walk to Time Sq. Don’t use the hotel car service to airport though it is expensive – use the internet or call someone else. We used Carmel for $46 to JFK. We would stay here again but only if we had the king on the 8th floor (or similar).	
Mar 10 2007 	Loved it so much i am gooing back in sep.!	My boyfriend and i stayed for 6 nights in february. And loved it. The room we got (room 20) was not small at all. Plenty of space for our suitcases and shopping and magazines and coffeecups from the very-close-almost-neighbour Starbucks!We did not meet a lot of other visitors at the hotel, and did not get the feeling of the hotel beeing crowded. But we stayed out a lot. Left early, came home late. Like all other tourists i guess.But we did use the TV a lot! And it is huge! What a treat. And the Molton Brown amenities! What a treat. You have to get used to the music in the hallway, witch is on until late in the evening. And if you are a light sleeper (like me) please ask for another room if they place you in room 20. It is located right above the bar, and you can hear everything. Loved: The closet, the in-room safe, the (plenty of) towels, the bat-cavy feeling of the room and all the small design details. Did not love so much: The hallway music.Last but not least: Very good location.We will go back. Start september for 8 nights. We will recomend this hotel.	
Mar 8 2007 	A brilliant hotel in a brilliant city!!!!!!	We visited the Night Hotel in January and had the pleasure of staying there for 4 nights! At the end of the 4 nights we didnt want to go home! On arrival at the hotel you notice that at the end of the street is Times Square so you really couldnt ask for a better location. Although the hotel is very central we noticed very little noise from the street and the windows have black out blinds to ensure a good nights sleep - if you have time to sleep in New York! Also the hotel rooms have extremely comfy beds, a huge wall mounted TV, black and white bath robes and just to make it a bit better than it already is - Molton Brown products in the bathroom!!The staff in the hotel are very friendly, from the moment you arrive (when you are greeted with a glass of wine) they do everything they can to make your stay as enjoyable as possible but at the same time they let you get on with it. Night is definitely worth a visit and we would definitely return!!	
Mar 4 2007 	Could not wait to leave	We stayed at the Night Hotel in mid feb and unfortuately did not enjoy the experience at all. The rooms are very small with no windows (at least the one we were in didnt). Our shower drain was blocked so you stood in water the whole time you showered, it eventually drained away but not whilst you were in it. The room we had was very noisy, you could hear everyone outside coming and going and last but not least housekeeping didnt make up our room on one occasion and on the others did a poor job (apparently in the US you are meant to tip housekeeping so they do a good job, we were unaware of this which may be the cause for the housekeeping issues). Overall probably one of the worst hotels we have ever stayed in.	
Feb 28 2007 	6 restfull NIghts stay in NYC....	Having stayed at the Hilton Garden the previous February and having loved the convenience of a Time Square adjacent location we were keen to repeat the experience again.However the prices this year were a fair amount higher, and attempting to spend the same amount again we looked for other alternatives. This led us to booking at the Night Hotel.The deal we got on Expedia for the flight and hotel actually worked out as £250 cheaper for each of us. On arrival we were swiftly booked in, they did offer us an upgrade from a queen to a king for $50 a night but not intending to spend a huge amount of time in the room we declined.John, the doorman, accompanied us upstairs with our luggage, very friendly and helpful.First impressions were that the room was compact, rather than small, well appointed. Chief feature being the bed which looked sumptuous and luxurious, having read the comments about the bed being small, I’m 5 11”, I found it to be fine. Very comfy indeed.Bose radio/cd player was great to have, especially with its Ipod connectivity, great to play purchases while on holiday rather than waiting to we got home.Great TV as well.Plenty of closet space for things which needed to be hung up, most things we left in our cases which we stored by the window.Complementary dressing gowns were great; umbrella in the closet was a nice touch as well.Bathroom was fine, once we got the hang of the shower nozzle to minimize the splashing onto the floor, with there being no shower curtain/door.Molton Brown products were a great, always promptly replaced, plenty of towels, hot water. Turn down service for the bed each night, yummy chocolates on the pillows,Lift was fine, it's a small hotel with a standard lift you don't expect it to be bullet fast. Staff was friendly and helpful for the most part. Always greeted when entering/leaving the hotel. Only thing we found was the receptionist when we asked to book a shuttle to Newark on our day of departure was a bit reticent and vague about it for some reason. But that’s the only gripe.Bar /Restaurant seemed a bit quiet and dark most times of course except when they'd got a function on. Being on the 7th floor we had no problem with noise from either internally or externally. In fact you were completely oblivious to where we were till we exited the hotel to find ourselves a mere minute or more walk from Times Square.Outside of the hotel is unobtrusive while being bold, infact looks a little like a gentlemen’s club which added to the thrill of staying there.We loved our 6 nights at the night, and it's intimate and friendly atmosphere made it seem like home within a day or so.Only hope it's not too long till I stay there again.	
Feb 27 2007 	I agree with all the positives	The only complaint is the one, slow, small elevator that can take some time to get to you, especially if you are on the 8th floor (one floor below penthouse). Other than that, all the positive reviews here are accurate.	
Feb 24 2007 	Perfect safe unpretentious Hotel. Beats the Hudson.	After a really hard decision to chose the Hudson or Night, I opted for Night for a surprise 30th Birthday trip. We dropped someone else off at the Hudson on the way and I was really wowed by their exterior. Night hotel is nowhere as imposing as expected from the hotel images and looked a little disappointing from the outside - not the huge, grand facade that I was expecting. I was a little bit gutted that I opted for Night. The lobby is nowhere as large and grand as it appears froom the photos either, but warm and friendly nethertheless.When we got inside, like other reviews, it was a Saturday night and there was a party going on, but the front desk were really attentive and told us all about the offers that they have and about the hotel.After going out to grab some food, we headed back to the hotel for some sleep, but by this time, the music was banging as we were directly above the bar. We couldn't sleep so went downstairs to see if we could be moved. The front desk moved us immediately to the 8th floor where we couldn't hear a thing (apart from a distant generator outside - hardly any noise - but you expect nothing less in NY. If this is a problem, ask for a room in the centre of the hotel, not at the front or back) We had a really good nights sleep and the bed was certainly long enough as I was a bit worried about the length of the bed from other reviews. The bedding and towels were spotlessly clean and luxurious in feel. The blackout, heavy quality curtains gave us a really good nights sleep too.The rooms had been decorated fairly recently, but I'm worried that they could start to look tired soon. I was also worried that the decor may be too saucy, but this is certainly not the case, after a couple of nights, the room felt like a very safe, cosy haven a million miles away from the hectic streets of NYC.The photos shown look like the hotel is huge and grand. It doesn't have the wow factor that you think, but it does grow on you and we felt very protective of Night. My photos look the same as the others listed, they give a very good impression of the hotel.One of our favourite things about the hotel is that you weren't constantly running into other guests even if the hotel was full. It felt very private and secure. If you like people watching, this isn't the place for you.The front desk staff were fantastic at suggesting bars to go to and reserving restaurants for us. They also helped with daft queries such as 'what time does the Empire State open until' and didn't seem too bothered!After a couple of days in freezing New York, we decided to do an afternoon bar crawl and headed off to the Hudson to see what we could have had if we had stayed there. The first thing about the hotel is that it is miles out and took quite a cab ride to get there. The frontage is incredibly cool and certainly has the wow factor. The escalator again looks fab. The reception desk is vast with many 'cool' and aloof people behind it. We went to the bar and ordered 2 of glasses of wine (which cost $26.00!!!!!!) the glamourous waitress asked us if we required any change from the $30.00 that we gave her. It seemed that she expected tips and that she didn't have to earn them. The bar is not nearly as boutique in feel as it looks in the photographs. The clientelle were mainly there on business and gave the whole hotel a cold, impersonal feel. I also looked at one of the rooms, (again, to see what we could have had!) and it was a wooden shoe box. The wooden panelling gave the room a clinical, hard feel, not at all luxury as led to believe from all of the images. Comparing the two hotels, I DEFINATELY made the right choice. If you are deciding between the two hotels, Night is by far the superior. (I think that the Hudson has 800 rooms and Night 72 the service reflects this) You should not be put off Night by it's website, or for thinking that it is going to be seedy or erotic - it isn't. It's a safe, small, helpful &amp; unpretentious boutique hotel. Definately a hidden gem. If you don't stay in the Night Hotel, but are sightseeing and get to Times Square, pop down the road alongside Swatch watches, 60 seconds later, you're at Night Hotel. Go in for a drink and get away from all of the hustle and bustle for a few moments - you'll definately appreciate it!Foodwise, we didn't eat in the hotel, but in the Cranberry Deli over the road - Absolutley stunning brekfasts, A real must (even if you are in the Times Square region)I would definately recommend this hotel. As long as it keeps it's warm, friendly appraoch and doesn't become too pretentious like the Hudson, you're onto a winner here!	
Feb 23 2007	Cool boutique hotel	Booked via Quikbook for 6 nights. Initially had a room mix-up - Quikbook submitted a request for a Queen room when we had booked a king size but that was promptly rectified by the wonderful and friendly Michelle, at reception. Since the king room was not ready, we were asked to rest in the queen room for a few hours (we had the unfortunate luck of having our flight cancelled from LAX to JFK the previous day, bumped from one waiting list to another and did not arrive till the next morning. To bootm the airline lost our luggage but that's another story). The queen room is very small so do book a king. The decor is fabulous - seductive and modern, room clean. Still small but a lot more comfortable than the queen. King room has a small closet but the queen has a rail. Great Molton Brown toilteries. Our room had two windows overlooking 45th Street but not much of a view.Location was great - right near Times Square/Theatre district. Starbucks a few doors down and I highly recommend the Cranberry Deli across the street if for a great hot/cold salad bar/breakfast/carvery. It is packed at lunch time!I have to agree with other reviewers that the walls are thin. If you are a light sleeper bring ear-plugs. I am a light sleeper but with all the sightseeing during the day, I must have been so pooped that I slept through most nights. Heating/air-con also tends to be a bt noisy when it starts up.Nice bar. The bartender was very attentive and the food was great! Hotel QT is right across the street and they have a great bar too.Overall, staff was really helpful and friendly. Simon, the concierge deserves a mention.	
Feb 15 2007 	Good Night	I booked a four-night stay at The Night Hotel through Quikbook - I needed a Midtown base with a bit of character for a business trip, but didn't want to pay exorbitant 'boutique' rates. For an average of $230-ish per night (sliding scale discounts applied for additional nights), I felt it was above average, if not quite as amazing as I'd hoped.first, the good things: decor is stylish and modern; I had a queen room, and there was a decent amount of space for a Manhattan hotelrooms have a bose radio and plasma TV - lovelylocation is great, round the corner from Times Square, a few steps from 5th Avenue, near two subway stopsfront desk hospitality is excellentnice touches like generous sizes of Molton Brown toiletries and complimentary 'in residence at...' business cards give the place a great boutiquey feelThen the not so good things: my bed was oddly short - I'm 5'7, and my feet were touching the bottom, so i ended up sleeping at an angle. Definitely not room for two in a queen room!There's a $10/day wifi access charge (why? How much would it cost the hotel to make it free, and reap the resulting goodwill? The Hotel QT over the road throws it in at no cost, and for rack rates starting at these prices, I'd expect it.)There was a party going on in the bar during Saturday night, which rendered service in the bar/kitchen distracted, and meant the hotel restaurant wasn't open to residentsThere's only one lift and it's VERY slow, so if you're averse to taking the stairs most of the time, make sure you get a lower floor roomThe 'erotic' decor may give the more traditional guest conniptions, although the place is nowhere near as decadent as the rather irritating website may lead you to believeAnd then the bad things: decor may be chic, but walls are thin. While I wasn't disturbed by outside noise, as you'd expect in this busy area, I didnt need the Bose stereo wake-up call when the room next door's plumbing did such a great job. Air con is also quite noisy, and while I enjoyed the window-less blackout when getting to sleep, others may find rooms a little claustrophobic. All in all, if you can get a competitive rate, the Night Hotel is a good value Midtown find - I'd definitely pack my earplugs and consider it again.	
Feb 7 2007 	Clean but not great!	Arrived at 0100 on a Saturday night, party in the lobby which was kinda cool, for a while, but there was noone on the front desk. Pretty tired after a flight from London and having waited 10 minutes becoming increasingly more unhappy and frustrated.Told we were given an upgraded room, fair enough after the wait. Unfortunately when we got to the room the bedding which we had requested to be non-feather when booking, had not been changed. Everything was feather, the pillows, the duvet and even a base cover all had us sneezing and itching as soon as we went into the room. Given allergies this was not a good start at all. Having said that a call to the front desk saw the bedding changed quickly.OK, the two main gripes:1. The bed is SHORT. I am not that tall (5'11&quot;) but there is no way I could stretch out full length. My girlfriend and I slept the next four days WIDTHWAYS, which was weird but necessary.2. The aircon/heating in the room is NOISY. Sounds like they used the cheapest units in every room. We could not sleep without earplugs. It's ok if you can pass out easily every night but if not you will need earplugs.In summary, great looking hotel, great staff, good location. For us however it was not comfortable. Next time we will try the QT.	
Jan 22 2007 	Are You KIDDING With These Reviews?	I feel compelled to write about my experience at the Night after seening so many &quot;above average&quot; and &quot;excellent&quot; ratings; either the people posting have had no experience as hotel guests or these reviews have been planted by the people behind the Night. If you're looking for an inexpensive hotel and your expectations are very low, the Night might be OK. Otherwise, look elsewhere.The first room I was taken to at the Night was so small that I could barely open the door without hitting the bed; I couldn't even fit my luggage in the 10&quot; deep closet. When I asked to move to another room (I was staying for 7 days) I was taken to a room that was only slightly bigger. I've stayed in a lot of hotels in NYC, and these rooms are the smallest I've ever experienced, with the possible exception of rooms at the Paramount.The beds are comfortable.There was no 24 hour room service and the hotel restaraunt (pricey and mediocre) closed early. The staffers (who were the only GOOD thing about the hotel - lovely men and women) had no idea of what restaraunts would delliver to the hotel or where there was a 24 hour diner. (I often worked late into the night.) The gym - an Equinox - was an eight block walk, and you needed to get a pass from the desk. Each pass was $15, and the fee was billed to the room instantly, whether it was used or not. I didn't get messages, I didn't get wakeup calls, faxes didn't show up, and a room I'd booked for a business event was filthy at the appointed time. There's one elevator and it's slow if it's working at all - it can take ten minutes.The location is good (if you like Times Square) and again, though they may have been incompetent the people who worked at the Night were great. If you're 21 and visiting from Iowa and intend to do nothing other than sleep in your room, then MAYBE the Night's for you.	
Jan 19 2007 	A really Sexy hotel	I stayed at the Night for an &quot;in-town getaway&quot; with my boyfriend. It was perfect. It is a super sexy hotel. I walked in...music was playing..the lobby is beautiful...the Thursday night party was going in the bar...and they handed me a glass of wine. That's a really good start to a hotel stay.If you are in NYC for a visit...it is a great location. If you are staying for business...the internet worked great and there is a small desk to work on. It could easily be made to work, but it isn't set up for someone doing a lot of business out of the hotel.If you are looking for style and form over space...this is your hotel. The rooms and closets are tiny, but very comfortable. The beds and linens are great. Bathroom amenities are very nice and smelled great. It's hard to complain about a rain shower! Do note: no bathtubs (maybe some rooms are different, but ours didn't have one.) It's a true boutique hotel. The best recommendation is to look at their website. If it appeals to you...you will know instantly. If it isn't your thing...you will know instantly.The room service menu is served 24 hours. It is limited and more appetizers, sandwiches, burgers. There aren't really entrees. They don't deliver the tapas to the room, but are served in the bar. We had the sirloin burgers fondue and were very happy. Due to the location and nature of the hotel, I can't imagine that most people are staying in. However, we really enjoyed it and for room service it was really cheap.They are also very pet friendly, but I wouldn't bring a dog that needs a lot of room to move around. :)	
Jan 16 2007	Great Hotel!!	This is a great little hotel situated just half a block from Times Square. It has a great ambiance and if you're curious look no farther than its name &quot;Night.&quot; The theme is black and white, the beds are super comfy and while small, the rooms have all the comforts you need. Remember, you;re in NYC to see the city not the insode of the hotel room. If you shop around for the right time to visit you can get a very good deal....I paid 155$ USD per night which in NYC is a super deal and it was well worth it.The hotel has a bit of a nightclub feel with the doormen attired in black and the music and bar in the main lobby - it is different and I really enjoyed it. This hotel is not for you if you're too old to enjoy it.....so I would not go there with small children or your grandparents.It's sister hotel, Dream, is different but equally as good (rooms at Dream are smaller). Night is to Dream as day is to night but both are great hotels.Any questions about NYC....e-mail me at nar2305@yahoo.ca please type tripAdvisor in the subject line.	
Jan 8 2007	small but clean not for family!	First off, the rooms are *very small*, especially for the price. But given the location, maybe that can be excused. There is no entrance hallway. The door opens directly onto a cube sized room, most of which is taken up by the bed. There is barely room for a desk and a chair. The bathroom is decent sized though.Plus side: The room is clean and looks new, the staff is very nice and friendly. Any calls to the front desk are answered immediately and service requests are attended to promptly. This hotel is great for couples. The tiny room plus the erotic decor sees to that. Great location - in the middle of times square, close to all the theaters. Across from the very cheap Cranberry Gourmet that sells great coffee. Down side: Small small smallllll! The room is also very dark even when all the lights are turned on. I had the feeling of living in a cave. I think I would have had a better impression of the hotel if I wasn't sick and had to work for much of my stay there.I booked our stay through Expedia and was a little disconcerted to realize I might have gotten a better deal by contacting the hotel directly.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great Boutique hotel	This is a great place to stay! Great location, lots of places for a quick bite nearby...but most important for my wife, CLEAN!Yes, the rooms are small, and I had their smallest room (only a double bed). But it's not any smaller than, say, on a cruise ship. It was a shock when we first opened the door, but after a few minutes, we arranged the suitcases on the desks and foot stool and we were fine. But we only slept and showered in the room. We left early every morning and came back around midnight. So the size of the room was not important.Yes, the shower door only goes halfway across the stall, but as everyone else says in their reviews, not a big deal. The hotel gave us plenty of towels and it was never a problem. BTW, the hairdryer is stored under the sink. The bathroom was cleaned and fresh, soft towels provided everyday.The big flat screen on the wall was great, as well as the Bose Wave CD/radio. The bed was made up everyday, and turned down down at night with the mood lighting set low and some smooth jazz playing quietly on the radio. We didn't try the cafe in the hotel. Instead, we went a half a block towards 6th Avenue to a little deli called the Cranberry Deli. They have great made-to-order or buffet breatfast, lunch, or dinner...and they make their own pizza. And very cheap! There's a Starbucks a few steps towards Times Square.There are only two negatives. First, the lobby has photos of nearly nude women in masks that aren't for the prude (like me). It was a bit shocking. The pictures on the hotel website are far enough away that you can't really make out what's on the walls. (I took some photos of these lobby pictures, but after reading the criteria for posting photos, they're not considered &quot;family-friendly&quot;...so I didn't put them up). It made for a good laugh when we met our friends in the lobby. Not a huge deal, but I wouldn't bring children to the lobby or my mother-in-law. The other negative (for me) may not apply to the rest of the year, but the cafe and bar off the lobby was Party City! Now, the first night we arrived at 12:45 am the day after Christmas and it was dead quiet. But the next night, there was a party downstairs until 1:30 am. Then it went until 2 am the next night after that, and later every night until New Years Eve...when it went on until 4 am. They even pump the music into speakers to the sidewalk just outside the hotel to attract people looking for a fun time. But as I said...it might just be that time of year becuse our first night was so quiet.Still, I would highly recommend this hotel to couples who are in New York for sightseeing. Quick access to subways, the Greyline bus tours, and Broadway shows. We only used a taxi to and from JFK airport. The hotel staff was helpful and friendly. They had a cab ready for me when I checked out and were always asking if there was anything I needed.	
Jan 3 2007 	Our two nights at Night were great!	The Night Hotel was very cool. I have to say, after looking at the hotel website, I was a bit nervous to stay there. When we arrived, we were given a warm welcome. The room was small but very cool. The bed had pillows with our initials on them. Shower could have been a bit cleaner. Location was awesome! But, all in all, we had a great experience at the Night Hotel.	
Dec 10 2006 	Dark and Mysterious!	The Night Hotel is in a great location, just a corner from the centre of Times Square, only about 5 minutes walk (maximum!) and so getting around is no problem at all. The staff were very friendly and helpful, although they did at first put us in a smoking room after our specifically requesting a non-smoking room. The main drawback for me was the lack of natural light into the hotel, our room faced a dingy passageway and when the room is dressed in blacks and greys it can feel like you're in a rabbit hole but then this does add to the atmosphere of the hotel. A launch of a digital fashion mag took place during our stay and so coming back to the hotel room was a bit of a battle as all the local fashionistas packed the lobby and downstairs bar (Nightlife) for their photos and free wine. Didn't really expect this from our accommodation - the Night is more a fusion of a club and a hotel; music plays in the corridors, in the lobby and even outside the hotel from about 8am to 11pm most days. Huge comfy bed with lovely soft sheets the room was small but not too small as stated in other reviews. Worth a stay but definitely for a younger crowd.	
Nov 20 2006	Truly Enjoyable and Unique	Night Hotel is an excellent, unique experience for anyone who enjoys (or can appreciate) a non-traditional experience. It's a very small hotel, the colors are dark, and it's geared towards a younger crowd. But no matter what your age, the staff treats you like a wanted, respected guest. Yes, the rooms are small, but they are very nicely appointed. The flat panel TV is awesome; the bed and bed linens give you an outstanding night's sleep, and I really enjoyed the shower and the robe. Don't expect a great view; my room had a small window that looked into an air shaft, and my companion's room had a window that was painted over. But, the location can't be beat. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 20 2006 	Great location and decor	My husband and I took my brother and sister in law for a one night stay in Night Hotel on 13th November.The decor in the lobby is fabulously oppulent and feels very much like an up to the minute fashionable boutique hotel. Great layout with a small reception desk, plenty of seatign and a small bar at the back.The rooms were small as expected for New York, but they have worked really well with the size and created a very cosy and private environment. There was a window looking onto a wall so they had covered it with luxurious drapes to match the highly decorated walls which meant you didn't really miss the lack of a view and natural light. The bed was very comfortable with a padded headboard and the bedding very clean and luxurious.Bathroom was nice and clean with Molton Brown products. It was missing little extras like cotton wool and Q-Tips but really most things were in the room that we would need for a short stay in the city.Smart flat-screen TV opposite the bed was a great extra plus the Bose Wave radio was good for some music while we were getting ready for the evening. We found the hotel to be peaceful and the staff friendly. The bar server was very inexperienced and slow at finding a bottle of wine for us. After 15 minutes we gave up and went somewhere else, so that did let ithe hotel down.We got a deal on Travel Zoo for $199 plus tax per room per night which was a bargain.	
Nov 8 2006 	Top Marks for NIGHT	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in October and were very impressed. We booked through the hotel's parent company website and received a very competitve rate. Location is fabulous - right in the middle of the action. It is tourist central - which I realize is what most people are looking for - just don't expect a quiet neighborhood. It was convenient to the Subway and cabs were plentiful. Staff was very helpful. Our room was always cleaned, our questions were answered and I don't think I opened the front door of the hotel once, thanks to an attentive doorman. We needed ice, called the desk and it was delivered within 10 minutes. The rooms are small, but so are most rooms in New York. Night has at least made maximum use of the space available. I read some comments about the funky showers but really didn't have a problem. Use the bathmat and don't flail around and you'll be just fine.I would definitely recommend this hotel and am looking forward to a return visit. Or, at least the chance to check out other hotels in the &quot;Epoque&quot; hotel network.	
Oct 17 2006	For a good night avoid Night	Read about it in NY Times. $400 rack rate $396 too much. Staff- inexperienced. Trying to be the Ian Schrager of 45th St. Cheap decor, no windows that allow daylight. Confusing light system, no one to show how things work, trying too hard to be chic, constructions across street, air shaft rooms, even for NYC rooms too small because cheap &quot;mod&quot; furniture crammed into space. Don't consider.	
Oct 14 2006	"Night" to Remember!	This hotel was New york City's best kept secret. Shhh! don't tell anyone but this was the best Boutigue hotel. From the moment we step in till we left the hotel, it was pleasure to be happy we booked this hotel. Lovely staff, great amenities, best location, romantic, and fun. Thanks to Parker for a great welcome at the door. A+	
Oct 12 2006 	loved the front desk staff	This is the best choice i did.Modern and cosy hotel , nice decorated .....simple....some thing not everywhere.....i loved it.All you need for touring Manahattan, location for all attractions ...simple to walk and drive...very reachable.The room is small , actually you do not need more in New York.The most i loved is the front desk staff who been very helpfull in every issue been addressed espacially when i lost my hand bag .The attitude is costumer oriented that makes you come back when you afford it.I cordially recommend this boutique to every one who seeks something new , easy to reach and simple ....something else.	
Sep 30 2006	Three Nights in the Night	Traveling for work and pleasure, the Night Hotel was a great choice. As a business traveler, I liked having an inexpensive wireless Internet connection and access to a great gym (five blocks way). Both were about $12/day. Cheaper still, is a Starbucks in a couple doors down if you only need a quick download and a Latte. From the Night Hotel, I was able to walk to my meetings at One Penn Center and didn't see the inside of a cab until I left for the airport. For pleasure, the Night was located in the heart of the Theater District close to a lot of good restaurants. The hotel staff recommended Becco, a great italian restaurant on restuarant row just a couple blocks way with an inexpensive theater menu and a choice of 70+ wines for a fixed price of $25/bottle. Great choice.As for the hotel, the pictures speak for themselves. The overall feel is that of a minimalist , noir lounge. Late night Friday and Saturday, the hotel bar becomes a low-key destination night spot for locals. Any night is a good night to hang out there. The staff at the front desk and bar are very friendly and social. We were quickly on a first name basis with the staff and the regulars. Unlike other warehouse hotels in the area, the Night was like an oasis to come home to. The rooms are small but well-appointed and we appreciated that they provided cable to connect my iPod to the Bose system. Nice touch. There were no drawers or closet in my King room. So be prepared to live out of your suitcase. While, another 12 inches of glass on the shower divider would keep the floors drier, it was not a big deal.My only complaint was with housekeeping. When my wife and I returned to our room at 3:30 the room wasn't made. When you have two people in a very small room, fresh towels, linens and glasses are a big deal. We alerted the front desk at the time and as we were leaving to go out for the evening. When we got back at 1:00 AM the room was still unmade. We finally had to go to the front desk and the bar to get a couple clean towels and glasses. Overall we were very happy with the hotel and willing overlook the housekeeping lapse to give it another try. We will return.	
Sep 29 2006 	Funky Hotel	I stayed in the Night Hotel with my boyfriend in mid September. Although the rooms are &quot;boutique small&quot; we had enough space in our queen sized room. Because we were visiting New York for pleasure, there was no need to use the work space, the bathroom is small, but clean and chic, and the bed is super comfortable. We didn't spend a large amount of time in our room, afterall, we were in New York City, and for the things that we needed it for, it was more than enough. We were super comfortable all weekend. The staff is extremely gracious and friendly, and room service was equally pleasurable. If you're looking for a chic and funky hotel, unlike the run-of-the-mill chains, check out Night Hotel. You won't be dissappointed!	
Sep 24 2006 	Cool cool cool	This hotel is all about s-t-y-l-e. You walk in and are immersed in their black-and-white swanky decor. The front desk staff is gracious and attentive, offering us wine while we checked in and immediately changing my room when the first had issues. The rooms are stylish as well, and, as you read in the other reviews, boutique small. Across the nights I was there, I had the opportunity to see the double, queen and king sized rooms. The king-size room is really worth it - enough room to work at the desk, to open your suitcase elsewhere, to move around the bathroom, etc. The queen is ok if you only come to your room to sleep/change and the double is just too too small. The location is in Times Sq, which can be great or annoying, depending on your preference. Across the street is the QT, and although their bar was livelier, I felt I chose the right hotel of the two.	
Sep 21 2006 	Great location friendly staff small rooms tiny desk!?	I'd recommend the Night as an affordable, stylish hotel in midtown. Located basically in Times Square, it's convenient to lots of tourist stuff and to midtown meetings. Basics were all fine: Bed was comfortable, towels were soft. Staff was super friendly, missing towels delivered quickly. They even have complimentary wine in the lobby, offered while we checked in. Too bad we had early dinner reservations!Not everybody will love the small, semi-exclusive feel. And, as mentioned elsewhere, the lobby and hallways ARE a bit dark.And, even if you love the rest of this, it's worth knowing that the desks are tiny and the showers do lack a shower curtain. The desk was big enough to use my moderately sized laptop but not really to stretch out. And it came with a small, low stool not a full desk chair. I was skeptical but worked fine for a few hours of work e-mail. Fine, of course, if you're going for holiday. Not great if I were trying to work on a major presentation and want to spread out. On the shower curtains, I didn't find it to be that much of a big deal. An extra towel on the floor and a small amount of care in showering made it a non-event for me. Might drive others crazy.Definitely not a &quot;family&quot; feel -- suggestive photos and images all over the hotel. Didn't make me (a woman) at all uncomfortable but same imagery is on their website if you want to know what to expect.	
Sep 15 2006 	Cockroach in bed -- 'oh we're sorry'	I stayed at the Night Hotel for three nights the week before NYC Fashion Week, so the hotel and the city were both very full. This was my first stay at the Night and I was optimistic from the reviews, however, I do recall every having such a horrible three days at a hotel as I did here.The first night, I went to bed in the very small, very dark room and pulled back the covers and went to bed. I don't have a habit to inspect a bed before I get in it, so I didn't and was horrified when I woke up to find I had slept in bed with a dead cockroach all night. Absolutely disgusted, I took this to the main reception desk and told them what happened, to which they said, 'oh, that's disgusting. We will tell housekeeping. We're sorry.' That was it. No discounted night. No note from the manager. Apparently, this sort of thing must happen often because I seemed to be the only person in shock over this. Needless to say, this is not a very relaxing place to say. In addition to the cockroach, my second night I was awoken to a party next door to my room at 2.30am which went on for most the night. Again, when I told the hotel in the morning, I was told, 'oh yes, that was quite a party up there last night. You should have called security.' To which I said, is it my job to police your hotel or yours? If you knew about it, why didn't you stop it?If you're young and trying hard to emulate London chic, this is the hotel for you. If you are looking for a clean and quiet NYC hotel, I recommend you keep walking past the Night.	
Sep 6 2006 	Funky but don't try to swing your cat!	Stayed 3 nights here on our honeymoon recently and i have to say that its a cool hotel. The room are extremly tiny though, so tiny in fact that we didn't unpack and lived out or our suitcase for a few days which was ok but apart from that everything else was great. The bed was very comfortable, massive flatscreen tv directly on the wall in front of our bed, cool stereo. All the toiletries are top brands and very nice. The mini is way over priced ($7 for a bottle of water) but again all the stuff in the mini bar is top quality too. The staff were very friendly. The location is fantastic, go out the front door, turn left and you're on Time square in 15 seconds!! We really enjoyed our stay in the night hotel. Compared to other hotels across the states the price wasn't cheap but i think for New york and it's location on time square its good value. The only other negitive things, apart from the room size, about our stay was the room didn't have a safe and the towels in the shower room were stained. We asked to have them changed and the front desk did so immediately and we very apologetic but unfortunately the replacment towels were equally stained but apart from that the room was very clean. When i go back to new york i will be checking in at the hotel night again, for sure. Also, we managed to catch a show on broadway which was a 2 minute walk from the hotel.	
Aug 29 2006 	Cool Room/Weird Quirks/Disappointing Service	Yes, the rooms are small. Yes, that is the standard in NYC. So, let's overlook that and focus on constructive things.The bed is very comfortable. The tv is great and so is the radio. No complaints there.Here is the critique. The bathroom is poorly designed. No bath (forgiveable) and the shower glass only goes across half of the shower (unforgiveable) allowing water to go all over the bathroom.The room was poorly designed, such that the curtain does not go fully across the window, allowing light to come through right near the bed! For a place called &quot;Night&quot; this is not what I expected.Finally, on their website they offer free shoeshine overnight. When I called to have my shoes picked up the staff had no idea what I was talking about and told me they didn't do that. Oh well.The location is great. So, if these quirks don't bother you then you will probably enjoy it.	
Aug 27 2006 	night hotel was very stylish	we thought the paramount was nice but was not as nice as the night hotel. the rooms are larger than the paramount and the tv was a plasma on the wall. nice robes in the closet and the bed was so comfortable. we never went to the hotel bar so i dont know what that is like but we did eat breakfast across the street at cranberry gourmet . we highly recommend . it was wonderful the breakfast was so cheap and good., the hotel even had a kama sutra book in the desk next to the bed, and a bose radio cd player too. none of the housekeeping bothered us during our 2 day stay they just left a note under the door if we wanted housekeeping. you even get a free new york times every day you stay there. the doorman even got us a cab when we left. loved it loved it.have fun.	
Aug 25 2006 	Ubercool!	The hotel certainly lived up to expectations, and previous reviews! Booked as a surprise for my boyfriend, he adored the &quot;adult theme&quot; of the place, the striking looks and the way its like nothing either of us have ever seen before. Staff couldn't have been more helpful and the service was good, considering the hotel had only been open a few months. The bed was so comfortable we managed to oversleep everyday. Just get used to the fact that its New York and NO rooms are large in this price bracket!	
Aug 2 2006 	Very Hip Hotel	Just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel. Overall we were very happy with our choise of hotel. In summary, the good points were as follows:. Excellent location - 2mins walk from Times Square etc... The decor was extremenly chic throughout the hotel. Staff were very professional and courteous. Plasma TV and Bose sound systems were a nice touch. Beds were comfortableThe bad points were:. Rooms were very small. Bar was small. No bathtub, only a shower in which water would spill over onto floorAll in all, we were very happy with our choice of hotel, particularly for the price we had paid.	
Jul 31 2006 	Fabulous time!	My boyfriend came down for a visit and we stayed the weekend at Night. The decor was just our style and made us want to spend more time in the room than out in Times Square. The staff were wonderfully attentive and friendly. Bose sound system, 42-inch plasma TV, you can even borrow a DVD player from the front desk (though there are no DVDs to rent Virgin Records is right around the corner), and there was even a leather Coach chair in my room! The rooms were of a decent size for NYC, the location was ideal. Great for couples, I don't know if I would suggest it for families as it is not ideal for children.	
Jul 15 2006	Chic Funky Fabulous	We stayed in Night Hotel while we were in town seeing a Broadway show. Night was edgy and fun. The rooms were typical NYC sized small rooms, but they were very stylish and huber comfortable. The bed linens were to die for, and the sweet plasma tv's were a very nice touch. I loved the intimacy of the Night hotel and would very definitely stay there again.	
Jul 13 2006	Excellent	such a good hotel. the decor is fantastic. Hotel staff were so helpfull,especially Steve, Duty Manager. anything we needed we got it straight away. the room was very clean. not very big but all u will be doing is sleeping in it, if u r in your room for any length of time there is something wrong, your in NYC u will b out all day. hotel very central and opposite a great irish bar, O'Lunney's. the atmosphere and food is great here.I would deffinately go back to this hotel	
Jul 12 2006	A dreamy Night in New York	If you are looking for a quiet, cozy, comfortable, centrally located, stylish space, this small boutique hotel is for you. The customer service is outstanding from the glass of complimentary wine offered the moment we walked in the door to the friendly &quot;hello&quot;s and &quot;have a lovely day&quot;s every time we passed through the lobby to the unjudgemental, speedy service when a glass of wine was accidentally spilled in our room. We requested an upper floor room not facing 45th Street and were amazed at the absolute silence once the door was closed. While the room is small (it's NYC after all!), it is extremely well laid out and was more than adequate. Plus the bed and bedding were some of the most comfortable around...what a great night's sleep at Night! As former New Yorkers and people who love the city, we will absolutely be returning for another wonderful stay.	
Jul 4 2006	Get billed for stays you don't make!	As a courtesy for my out of town guests I booked and held a room with my credit card number. The hotel charged my card for my guests stay, and after 5 phone calls I still have not been able to sort this situation out. AmEx believes I owe them over $1600 for rooms I never stayed in. Be careful here, their billing is a mess!	
Jun 5 2006	Night is a stylish boudoir of a hotel	We decided to stay at a fun boutique hotel- and Night definitely fit the bill. The dark moody ambiance with the black/charcoal/white pallet were amazingly simple and sleek. Definitely NOT child friendly, this is the perfect place for a romantic get away weekend for adults. My husband and I felt a bit out of place with our sneakers and cameras in the very hip surroundings, but it was definitely fun.The beautiful staff was friendly and helpful, supplying us with tourist guide information and offering maps. We also got a complimentary glass of wine when we came in at 5:00 to change. The room was well appointed, although small like other big city hotels we have stayed. The bed was nice and soft with a fluffy duvet cover, and the towels were plentiful and very fluffy. The bathroom was a wet mess, however, with no shower curtain and just a small glass wall. Fortunately, the towels were up to the task. The soaps and shampoos were also quite nice and luxurious, and there were plenty of hangers in the small closet, along with very nice comfortable robes. We found the large (large enough for two) umbrella in the room particularly handy in the downpours that occurred during our trip, too.	
Jun 5 2006 	No Room At The Inn?	I booked this hotel online with the Night directly. Imagine my surprise when I got there and they didn't have my reservation. Luckily, I had printed out my confirmation information and hence had proof that I had booked it.They set me up at their sister property, the Time, for one night and booked me in for the second night at the Night. (Now, if I was lugging lots of luggage and/or children, this would have been a huge hassle. Although they did offer to pay cab fare there and back.)The second night I was upgraded to a King room at the front of the hotel. Non-heavy sleepers - be warned. This location is VERY noisy. I could sleep through the noise, but I'm pretty sure 70-80% of America could not.The bed and sheets were very comfortable. The decor was as everyone has described it. One additional note - the shade of grey that was used in the background of the carpeting makes the carpet look a little dirty, even when it's not. Excellent location, as many have stated.As a side note, at the Time, the showers are identical but they've added a curtain rod with a curtain to control the water from flowing into the bathrooms; I imagine the Night will also do so in the near future.	
May 26 2006	Why bother	If you’re 28 and want to feel like you’re with it, the Night will be a great spot. Dark, moody and the last place you'll want to stay on business, more Night is a place to flop and party. The whole experience was one tedious bore. Another attempt at the “boutique” look, the Night is so over designed I felt as if I was living a a design student's MFA portfolio. Maybe after a few drinks the intent will work some magic, otherwise it’s a bunch of dark corridors we’ve seen before. Yes, the staff was helpful, the doorman did his job. My room had vivid black and white wallpaper that kept me up at night, a shower that spilled gallons of water on the floor and enough chrome and black to bring Halston back from the dead. Clearly the idea for Night was to attract people who have never stayed in a boutique hotel, or to gasp a last breath of the whole over-designed look--but why bother, it was a bad dreary night. Too much, too little space, the last thing the room needed was a chair and ottoman, never mind the silly fridge tucked under a table with a cloth over it. The AC rattled away all night at Night. And beware of the elevator---you’ll have a nice wait no matter what floor you’re on. It’s a shame really—but others do it better. If you want a great “night” in NY, stay at the City Club around the corner--same price and designed for adults.	
May 22 2006	A work in progress	You can't beat the location (especially for the price), but it's still in progress. The staff was friendly and responsive, but...When I arrived at about 5pm the queen room I reserved wasn't ready, so I was put in a full room (at a reduced rate) - it was little, but the bed comfortable. The next night I was moved into a king room (still at the reduced rate). It was a much more comfertable size (i.e. one could walk around the bed). The bathrooms did remind me of those I'd come across in Sweden - the water got all over the bathroom and there were no washcloths (unintentionally). There were also some plumbing problems in the bathroom.Despite all this, I liked the Night hotel and will stay there again. The staff was attentive and unpretentious, the location fantastic and I liked the cocoon-like feeling of the rooms.	
May 14 2006	Very Bad Hotel in New York	I don't see how people can like staying in this hotel.It looks like a 1980's pimp hotel. The color decoration is black, black, black..oh yes..and black. So all day you get gloom just off time square. The service is one of the worst I have yet come across - rude, haughty and unhelpful.The rooms...does &quot;shoebox size&quot; ring a bell, the air con is loud, and unless you are a goth into all black rooms with no windows I don't think u will like it.My advice, go look elsewhere.	
May 7 2006 	Can't wait to stay at Night again!	I just returned home from one of the best stays that I have ever had in NYC. I have been there on both business and pleasure and have stayed at a number of hotels. I would have to stay that the most enjoyable of them all was Night. The decor is edgy and fun. The rooms were comfortable and the beds were fabulous. The best feature, however was the staff. The bellmen were very helpful, the front desk staff were welcoming and even remembered my name each time I came back &quot;home&quot;! The bar staff made me feel welcome when I wanted a glass or two of wine after a long hard day's work. And most of all, the night manager Steve was very nice and helpful as well. I will recommend this to everyone that goes to NY and will definitely be returning on my next trip.	
Apr 30 2006 	Decent Rate	Night is not necessarily a bad hotel, but it is far from a great one – and definitely not up to the par that its website seems to try to portray it as. For example, room service is not done 24 hours, and the restaurant downstairs is expensive, uncomfortable, and has a menu that I thought was a joke when I first saw it.My room, queen bedded, was comically small (listed at 215 sq ft, perhaps a bit smaller). Design wise it was nice, but not really practical. The mini-bar jutted out in the middle of the room (as mentioned by another reviewer), and even worse, the hotel has yet to install safes in all the rooms (mine included). The bathroom was also illogical with a shower that only had a small piece of glass to block stray water (didn’t work), and the shower also didn’t have any kind of shelving/ soap holder type thing, forcing one to leave their soap/ shampoo on the floor. On the plus side, the bed was very comfortable, the plasma TV and overall look was aesthetically pleasing, and the sheets, towels, and bathrobes are all by Frette. All these things said, my rate of $239 a night was extremely reasonable for NYC on the nights I was there – however if I could get a decent rate at the City Club, I’d definitely stay there instead.	
Apr 24 2006	Awesome!	We stayed at the Night Hotel over Easter; our first trip to NYC. All I have to say is WOW! This place really rocks!We drove in having just spent the previous work week on business in PA, and MD; where we stayed in chain hotels. All week I had nightmares of the traffic in Manhattan; afraid we wouldn't be able to find the hotel or park the car. (Guess I've seen too many movies!)My fears were quickly put to rest. We arrived like pros, pulling into a space directly in front of the hotel. I spoke to the bellhop who grabbed his trolley, loaded our luggage and waited patiently as we were kindly checked in, which took all of 3 minutes. The lobby is just as eveyone here has written, very chic, very upscale. For details, you can visit their site online. We went to the bar, ordered some libations and took the elevator to the seventh floor to check out our new digs for the next 4 days. When I stepped off the elevator on the 7th, I couldn't believe my eyes... what amazing decor.. the carpets, the photgraphs, even the &quot;floating&quot; room numbers... very cool. We stayed in the last room on the left, tucked around the corner in our very own slice of paradise. What a room! Sure, it was small by PA and MD standards, maybe even Montreal standards but the design and the way all the extras fit in, we were extremely pleased. We sipped our delicious drinks, found an awesome radio station on the powerful in-room Bose stereo system, unpacked a few things, flicked through the channels on the amazing flat screen tv, marvelled at all the funky stuff in the room, and prepared ourselves for the first of 3 evenings out on the town in the greatest city in the world!After getting some rookie guidance about where to go, what to eat, and how to get around from the super front-desk staff we were off... Time Square is literally 40 steps from the front door of the hotel...So, a quick review....Staff: Simply Amazing. Helpful. Friendly. Efficient. Hospitable.Hotel/Room Amenities: Awesome. Literally a home away from home. If your room doesn't have it, they will find it for you.Location: This is Key. Close to all the action, yet far enough not to hear the hustle and bustle all night while you're trying to rejuvenate for another day. The metro is very close, had no problem getting around the city and to all the sites. Five minutes walk from amazing restaurant after restaurant, clubs, deli's, pizza joints, and tourist attractions. We felt totally safe, and at home in this area. Timing: Any time. New York truly is the city &quot;that never sleeps&quot;.All you have to do is enjoy.We're already planning a mid-summer visit to the faboulous Night Hotel in NYC. But shhhh, don't tell anyone... we want to make sure there's availability there for our next visit!	
Apr 19 2006	A mediocre NIGHT at best		
Apr 13 2006	Great weekend in the City		
Apr 11 2006	The Night to never forget!!!		
Apr 10 2006	Great Stay at Night Hotel!		
Apr 10 2006	Two nights at the Night		
Apr 3 2006	Unique		
Mar 6 2006	Great Value - Highly Recomend this		
Feb 17 2006	Sorry For The NIGHT-mare - Aaaaarrrrggghhhh!		
Feb 17 2006	da consigliare		
Sep 14 2009 	Night... mare Hotel!!		
Aug 12 2009 	Inmejorable		
Aug 5 2009 	Muy recomendable		
Jul 2 2009 	Nicht zufrieden		
Jun 26 2009 	Hoteln dall'atmosfera insolita		
Apr 26 2009 	Zu trendy um gut zu sein - beides geht wohl nicht!		
Feb 14 2009 	?????		
Jan 18 2009 	Vraiment excellent		
Jan 10 2009 	statene alla larga!!		
Nov 30 2008 	Design et branché un hôtel à recommander		
Oct 15 2008 	georg vanja montenegro		
Sep 5 2008 	di design...ma da evitare		
Feb 20 2008 	peut mieux faire!!!		
Jan 29 2008 	Muy bien para lo que hay por alli		
Jan 9 2008 	Pessima esperienza		
Jun 3 2007	Hotel original sympa et tres bien situé		
