	Coulden't Fault	I was slightly sceptical about this hotel on reading some of the reviews for this site, but like my previous New York hotel (which had similar reviews), I decided to go ahead and book. On arrival I was quite surprised on how much smaller the lobby was compared to my previous New York hotel (Grand Hyatt), but it certainly didn't make it any less of a hotel. We checked in about 6pm and was greeted by a very helpful and polite man named Adelin or something similar who upgraded us into a corner room with a kitchenette and an amazing view. The room was very nice and clean, large and had the comfiest bed I have ever slept in. The staff were extremely friendly, especially one of the valet's. Not sure on the name either but he was always wore a large coat outside, always asking us if we enjoyed our day and always stopped for a chat.The location of the hotel isn't that bad, you have to walk a bit further than a few hotels but we're only talking 5-10minute walk to Grand Central but there is always Taxi's outside ready for business.I didn't try the room service/hotel restaurant because I never normally will pay the prices but room service didn't seem THAT expensive. We got breakfast every morning from a little place on the corner of 44th + 2nd called Plaza Delhi which did the most amazing pancakes and bagels at really good prices (2 cream cheese bagels + 3 large pancakes with syrup + 2 large coffee's for $9.95).We didn't really try any of the hotel facilities such as the pool and gym etc, we planned to but didn't really find the time/didn't have the energy after walking around NY all day.I would definitely stay at this hotel again, we stayed over thanksgiving and we got a really good price for the hotel on a advance booking through their own site. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
	amazing views	Would definitely recommmend the hotel for its locations and the panorama from the rooms. Front desk staff could be more helpful though!	
	great hotel....quite a walk to shops and sights	Had a wonderful start to the hotel when we got an upgrade to a huge room (mini suite?) on the 39th floor. Fantastic views and very high....made sure I was really clear on where the emergency stairs were! Room was clean, staff really pleasant and pool/gym very good.My son and I had a wonderful time here except for the distance to the shops and sights. At first we walked up to Broadway and 34th Street etc but by the time we got there we already had aching feet. We then decided to just get cabs which was fine but the cost really started to mount up. If you stay here you really need to make sure you get to grips with the subway.	
	Best hotel in NY	Luxury hotel, cheap price, best service...no other words!	
Nov 18 2009 	Amazing view	It´s just an outstanding view onto the city out of the 31st floor. Couldn´t imagine a better one.	
Nov 13 2009 	great place	Decent rooms and baths; super work-out facilitiies with stunning views and nice pool; staff friendly; rates vary greatly, so shop around for a cheap weekend	
Nov 9 2009 	It was good.	We got this hotel through priceline and it worked out fine for us. The only issue was that it took a good 5-10mins to get to Grand Central and the subway. We arrived at 8am and couldn't get a room of course, they told us to check back at 12noon. By about 10am we we so exhausted from our red-eye flight we went back and gave our &quot;sad faces&quot; and got a room in the old tower on the 34th floor. It had a great view and was a large room based on NYC standards. I would say the service here was excellent all the way from Frank the bellboy to the rest of the staff. We did not eat here or use the pool, but everything else was fine. Our room was definitely showing some signs of wear and tear, but it was 100 times better than our previous hotels in NY (Best Western and Howard Johnson).	
Nov 2 2009 	Loved the surroundings; Hotel just okay	The hotel was in a quiet residential-like area that provided great views. The walk from the closest subway station was not far and was perfectly safe. There are a lot of good choices to eat and drink from nearby on 2nd or 3rd Avenue. The views from my room were magnificent. Pros: big rooms with plenty of room for your bags, laptop, shopping items. Large walk in style closet with in room safe, iron and lots of hangers. Bathroom was big and counter top had extra room for storing personal items. Housekeeping did a great job accomodating my &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door and did a very nice job. Beds were very comfortable. Storage space for clothes seemed adequate. TV was large but I only had it on while I was getting ready for work in the morning. Cons: hard to get a cab right outside the hotel at times - there were always taxis there in the early morning but afternoon and evening were difficult. There were often long lines waiting for the taxi. The couple of times I needed one, I just walked up to 2nd Ave and caught one with no problem but if you like to catch one right outside the hotel you might have a long wait. The bathroom also had a full wall mirror right next to the toilet - jeez - i don't want to have that view in the corner of my eye! Staff weren't exactly rude but they weren't helpful at all. Checkin and Checkout staff were flustered by long lines and didn't smile or go to any trouble to ask how you were or how your stay was. One of my personal things that i hate is not being able to control the room temperature - this room was HOT all the time. Even though I had the heat off it still came on and since the windows were screwed shut there was no good way to cool the room off. I spoke to two people who told me that it was best they could do (which was nothing).Since the only thing that really bothered me was the heat in the room, I would consider that a minor inconvenience and I would definitely return. My room was on the 28th floor which seemed new and not worn at all. I enjoyed my stay here and would recommend it.	
Oct 30 2009 	Loved Millennium UN PLaza	We stayed in this hotel in June 2009. We arrived late at night at got the room from the highest floor. We were really tired but we couldn't sleep beacuse of the ventilator on the roof - awful noise!!!Next morning, very tired, I went to reception asking a new room. The staff was very polite and promised to arrange us a new room by the end of the evening. Our luggage was moved in the evening. :)The staff in all was very helpful in every way and the hotel is clean. The location is not the greatest, but we had time so we didn't mind 5 minute walk to Grand Central Station everyday. If you stay shorter time, I wouldn't recommend because it's New York - you don't have time to waste! :)All in all, absolutely fantastic stay! I recommend 100%.	
Oct 30 2009 	If u just want a great view of NYC and a simple room	Likes:less-traffic location, right off the highway to airports,and right opposite of the UN. The great morning and night view that can see sunrise in bed. heated pool with view on 27th floor. Very big corner room that you can open flatten-out large suitcases, decent beds and soft linens, but the bathroom was beyond old. Carpets needed to be changed though.Dislikes: staff (vvvery slow checking in, took me 30 mins coz there were only 2 staff even with a line of ppl) are rude and abrupt.... concierge was not helpful, not friendly enough even to recommend me anything. Just Q&amp;A	
Oct 22 2009 	It was just o.k.	I recently stayed at the Millennium at the UN Plaza whie visiting the city. I thought that over all the Hotel was nice enough, but had a few gripes.Size of the room-great, it was plenty large enough (as we were warned some hotel rooms in the city were super small). Views were good.Room-bed was awesome, one of the best I've ever slept on. The bathroom was outdated and needed renovation. Tub liner was peeling, drain stop was broken. We had a light fixture break (fall from the ceiling) while we were there. Location-Too far off the beaten path. We were blocks from Rockefeller Center and Times Square, and it felt out of the way to the more desireable areas.Staff-left a lot to be desired. Nobody was overly helpful. Concierge was awful. We asked about Broadway shows, told us that they used a broker for tickets so the prices ranged drastically, was not familiar with some of the restaurants we inquired about, nor did he seem interested in getting any info on them, had no recommendations for us, did not offer to make reservations to any of the attractions. They did have a fitness center which was small but efficent. Also had a pool, but it is designed for exercise not leisure, no spa (hot tub). Pool hours were very limited. They offered massage but it was not day spa type atmosphere. Due to the proximity of the hotel to the U.N. we expected that there would be a a lot of people there for business, which there were. The vibe was stuffy and quiet. If you are visiting for fun and to have a good time, this is not the hotel for you.	
Oct 21 2009 	useful hotel	stayed here on a 3 day whistle stop visit to new york.Very large rooms that were comfortable and had everything i needed.Found the staff a little rude and very abrupt but would not put me off returning.Very useful from its location and panoramic views of the city and found it surprisingly quiet considering its location.would definitely consider returning to it s it was what i have come to expect from a hotel of this nature.	
Oct 20 2009 	Unexpected good deal for a great room	Initially I thought the location would be less than ideal, but with a great Expedia discount I gave it a try. The east-side location (44th&amp;1st) turned out to be better than expected, just a short 2 blocks to Grand Central station and multiple subways lines. And with most of my business being on the east side, it was nice to be away from the tourist mobs of midtown. (Had I been there a week earlier with Obama making an appearance at the U.N., it would have been another story.) This was probably the largest room I've ever had in New York, with a comfortable king-size bed and even a kitchenette, which I didn't use, along with a sofa and (oddly) two desks. There was a flat-screen TV with lots of cable channels, but there seemed to be a recently-removed piece of furniture against one wall, where now there was just a large jumble of electrical wires and junctions on the floor. The bathroom was very nice with surprisingly strong water pressure and abundant hot water. The views from my 30th floor room were breathtaking and included the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings. Nevertheless, I had the feeling that a refurbishment was a bit overdue. High-speed internet was an extra $12.95 per 24 hours.Now the strange part... I arrived at 11:30 and, despite a noticeable lack of people and action in the lobby, was told my room would not be available until 3 pm. Everyone was told this; there was no attempt to see if a room might actually be available early. So I checks my bags and went to a lobby lounge to work on my laptop. Around 12:30 I decided to have lunch at the hotel's Ambassador Grill, but found it oddly empty and unstaffed, despite posted advertisements and menus. It turns out that the bad economy had caused them to close down most food service, except breakfast. This was bad for me, since I was planning to spend the next two evenings on a writing assignment and expected to use room service. But the Palm and other restaurants were around the corner. I read that the hotel has a nice indoor pool and gym but had not time to see if they were still open.	
Oct 20 2009 	Still absolutely top-notch in every way	I have stayed at the UN Plaza under various owners, and for various purposes, over the past twenty years. I recommended it to friends and family throughout the '90's and most recently in 2007. This was my first stay there in several years, and the recent traveler reviews had me a bit apprehensive. Those concerns were unwarranted based on our experience this past weekend.We arrived at the UN Plaza, following a red-eye flight from the West Coast, at 6:30 am. I'd called the day before to request early check-in, and was told that while the hotel would try to accommodate us, it would depend upon room availability, which made sense. While I had reserved a room with two beds, there was none available at that unGodly hour, and we were offered a room with a king-sized bed, on the top floor, which we gratefully accepted. It was absolutely beautiful. The room was spacious, nicely updated and redecorated, with spectacular, panoramic open views looking east to the United Nations, and south, down the East River, the FDR Drive, and First Avenue. We could see the bridges to the south, and the Empire State Building to the southwest. It was breathtaking. Being on the top floor meant that we were immediately below the roof-top tennis courts, which occasionally meant we felt like there were small children thundering down the hotel corridors. Nonetheless, we absolutely enjoyed our room and our four day stay at the UN Plaza. The staff was cordial, professional and helpful. Housekeeping was attentive and invisible. The beds and linens were beyond comfortable. We had a platform bed and wonderfully supportive mattress, with light-weight feather comforter that was cozy and warm without being oppressive.The UN Plaza is located in midtown, on the eastern-most edge, an easy walk to the subway at Grand Central Station, and even better for our purposes, between the First and Second Avenue buses which run north and south, respectively, and close to the cross-town 42nd Street bus, as well. There are always taxis available at the hotel or close by. Second and Third Avenues in midtown offer a wealth of restaurants of every variety within easy walking distance.While frequent City visitors know this already, the less-seasoned beware: current NYC hotel taxes (obviously applicable to all, not just the UN Plaza) can add $50, 60, 70 or more to already costly accommodations, and are not included in the room rate quote. I think that the UN Plaza offers terrific value in the four-star hotel category, and that the staff members at the front desk, bell staff, doormen, concierge and housekeeping could not have been more appropriate. I highly recommend it.	
Oct 19 2009 	Million Dollar Views....OK Room and Location. Very quiet.	Decent LocationWell sized room with average furnishings / conditionQuietMillion $ views We used a well known hotel booking website and pre-paid for this 3 1/2 Star accomodation. We were not expecting too much from The Millenium U.N. Plaza. We knew the location would be on the far east side (between 1st and 2nd ave on 44th) and that we'd be walking a bit (which we actually enjoy quite much). Check in was smooth and courteous. Like I said, we weren't expecting much from our room, but when we opened the door to our room (3820) we were blown away. Not because the room was so great...but because of the million $ view of Manhattan. Truly breath taking (see pics) The room itself was well sized and impossibly quiet. We had friends staying at the Marriott East on the 15th floor and they said they heard every taxi horn all night. Our room at the Millenium had good A/C / Heat, a comfy bed, and a safe. There was a minibar cabinet, but it was locked. I went to the front desk and asked for a key, but was told they no longer provide that service. Might be a good idea to take the &quot;mini bar&quot; label off the cabinet. There was a fabulous pool and workout room on the 27th floor overlooking the U.N. and the East River. Didn't use it, but saw a family having fun. All in all, we were very satisfied, but if we had paid the &quot;rack rate&quot; I'm not sure if the million dollar view would have made up for the &quot;slightly above average&quot; quality.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great view. Good location. Nice large room.	Booked a room through Priceline for 3 nights. We were given a corner room on the 38th floor in the west tower. The views were incredible. Out one window we could see the Chrysler Building and the Empire State Building. Out the other window we had a view of the river and beyond. The hotel was clean, the room was large, and the bed was very comfortable. The walk to Grand Central Terminal was about 10 minutes. Not bad considering you are likely to do a whole lot more walking than that in NYC. No complaints and a great stay.	
Oct 14 2009 	Liking this hotel less and less	I booked a room in the newer tower. As I was checking in, the receptionist tried to get me to change to the older tower (&quot;Excellent views&quot;) - with hindsight that was a bit cheeky, since those rooms are cheaper.The goodThe room size is more than adequate for New York (or anywhere else). Relatively recently updated, the furnishings are both new and clean. The bathroom is fine. The bed is excellent if you like soft mattresses. The TV is a large, oldish LCD.The badNo minibarRoom service at times convenient to the hotel (i.e. not at lunch?!)No lunch or dinner at hotel restaurantBreakfast greasy and unhealthyThe lack of both the minibar and restaurant are &quot;temporary&quot;. Well, they were also &quot;temporarily&quot; lacking the last time I stayed, which was some way back.Overall, though the prices are cheap, there are similarly-priced and better options in the area. I will not be coming back if I can help it.	
Oct 10 2009	Exceptional staff comfy bed and wonderful views of Manhattan	This hotel was very accommodating. I stayed there on a deal from travelzoo that included free summer breakfast buffet. The food was great, good variety, plus fresh 100% juices to choose from. The pool was very nice but they could warm it up a bit becasuse I prefer a heated pool. I don't know what it is but the last two hotels that I've visited (the first was a different hotel), the maid staff will not make the pull out sofa bed. When we got to our room, this was one of the problems. I could see that the sheets from the guest(s) that stayed in the room prior were still there and the maid just closed the sofa bed up with the unchanged bedding inside. Ew. This is my one and only turn off about my stay. -But they did come very quickly to put down fresh sheets. They have a small fitness center, which I used, which was nice but I noticed dust on the equipment. They have spa facilities where you can get a massage; I believe they will do this in-room too. I origianlly paid for one of their superior rooms but got upgraded to a junior suite which is very nice as it has 2 big flat screen Samsung TVs, 2 full baths and french doors that divide the suite into two living quarters. Separate rooms, yeah! I would visit this hotel again despite the minor aggravation stated previously.	
Oct 9 2009 	fantastic location!	my wife and i stayed at the millennium un plaza hotel for 3 nights prior to a trans atlantic cruise to the med. when we checked in the desk clerk asked us if we wanted a view of the new york sky line or the east river and the un. we picked the new york sky line. we were on the 22nd floor and the view of the chrysler and empire state building was fabulous.the hotel is situated in an area with many outstanding ethnic restaurants...possibly due to the proximity of the un. a truely outstanding hotel that i recommend highly.dennis	
Oct 8 2009 	Decent room nice view	I was annoyed when I called about a cot and wasn't advised until check in that there was a fee per night for the use of a cot. They never charged us for it though. Staff were nice and helpful other than that though. The views were amazing, the hotel is not very updated, but decent enough. Good location. Interesting to be staying in the midst of all of the UN people.	
Sep 29 2009 	GREAT HOTEL!!!	The rooms are big and very clean! The bathroom is big for one person.I loved staying at this hotel. The location is great if you have to be near the UN. However, it's a short walk to Grand Central where you have the trains and subways. Excellent staff!The only downside was the fitness center. Very small.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great Location Decent Hotel	We spent 6 nights here on our honeymoon and were given a room in the East Tower on the 33rd floor, we looked out at the East River and Queens, it probably would have been a more picturesque view if we'd been on the other side looking at Manhattan but it was still a great view. The room itself was large and clean with a huge bed and tv and a decent standard of decor unlike some of the others that have been commented on. The only bit that did look a bit dated was the bathroom, everything worked in there but it just looked a bit tired and in need of updating. The walls did prove to be a bit thin, there was a baby in the room next to ours the first 3 nights, fortunately it didn't cry much but when it did the walls didn't do a lot to block out the noise. The maids who came in to do the housekeeping were very friendly and courteous when we saw them, both in the room and when passing them in the corridor and the concierge was friendly and efficient. The location was great, just a five minute walk to Grand Central and the subway and about 20 minutes walk to Times Square. Overall we enjoyed our stay and although there may be better hotels in New York we left with a positive impression of it.	
Sep 13 2009	Good location - quiet and with a pool!	My daughter and I stayed for four nights here and had a brilliant time. We found the location to be very central. Ten minutes walk to Grand Central Station to travel south and walking distance of theatre land/Central Park etc. We do like walking tho and think nothing of a a 30 or 40 minute walk to get somewhere. The swimming pool is great - the main reason for booking. Amazing to have a pool on the 27th floor - the views over the East River and round to the Empire State and Chrysler buildings are fantastic. We had breakfast at John's Diner on the corner of 2nd Avenue and 44th Street. We loved it. Everything from porridge, grapefruit, french toast to any type of eggs, bacon etc and never ending coffee. Would love to go back. Only downside was cost of drinks in hotel bar. Small glass of wine was $12 (£8).	
Sep 3 2009 	Exceeded expectations. Amazing views. Great service.	Reading Tripadvisor really helped. Upon check-in we asked if we can get a room in the west tower. Since it was only 11am in the morning, the room was not available but we were assured that they will save a nice room for us and to come back after lunch to get our room keys. Well, they certainly did not disappoint. We got a room on the 38th floor on the north west corner with the most amazing view of Manhattan. The room was very spacious and the bed was comfortable. We had one of our best sleeps at the Millenium UN in a very long time.The check-in staffs and concierge were the friendliest and most approachable.The breakfast buffet was quite decent with an assortment of fruits and pastry. Athough the price of a double espresso is close to $8 after tax and tips. For the same thing, you can go to Starbucks for under $2.50.All in all, a great stay at the Millenium UN and we will definiately recommend it.	
Aug 26 2009 	Could be better	This hotel needs major changes from room renovations to customer service. Even though the complex looks modern, the lobby and the restaurant looks more like a disco from the 70’s with its mirror walls. I think they also cut staff because there was only one person working at the check in causing long waits to check in and check out. I arrived at 1pm and they annoyed me immediately when they told me my room was not ready and that the check in time is at 3pm. I know for a fact that no hotel in NYC is at full capacity in this economy so it is not that there wasn’t a room, it was probably that it was not cleaned in time for the next guest as they have few cleaning people working. At 2:50pm I tried to check in again and they keep saying check in is at 3 pm. So I was finally able to check in at 3pm. I believe the room was ready and they just wanted to make me wait 10 more minutes to comply with their process. In NYC, there is no time to waste and their job to accommodate guests, as best as they can, do not seem to be their top priority.The room that I stayed in was supposed to be an upgraded superior room but it looks more like a standard room (I looked at pics of their rooms on their website and other travel sites). My room was on a high floor so the views are magnificent. The décor looks modern but the fixtures are coming apart and the walls have a lot of scruff marks. The bathroom was generous size but the bathtub looks grimy even though it is clean, there is mildew around the tiles surrounding the bathtub, the shower curtain was slightly moldy and the toilet had a very slow flush. The bed was very comfortable but the pillows seem to be overused by 5 years -when you lay down on them your head sinks to the bottom. It seems the only new items replaced are the large flat screen TV and toilet paper. Everything else is old, overused and poorly maintained.I also had the $19 buffet breakfast at the hotel restaurant. The food was just average and not that much of a selection. I believe the high cost was not for the food but for the service and presentation. Tablecloth covered the tables, cloth napkins and stem glasses for water and juice were used. The waiters were dressed for a fine restaurant dinner service which was not necessary for a morning buffet style breakfast service that only requires bus boys to clean the tables. The restaurant only operates for breakfast.This hotel is really for every type of travelers. Families with small children, old and young couples, business people, Africans associated with the UN, western Europeans, euro trash and flight attendants filled the hotel.There is a fee for wifi but you could get a free public connection in the lobby. If you want the newspaper you have to go to the lobby to get it. They will not slip the invoice under the door on your last day so you have to wait in line in the check in area.If you find a good deal then it is ok to stay in this hotel. I think the Millennium at Times Square is better as there is more competition to keep standards up.	
Aug 22 2009 	love love love	so my friend and i had made this trip to nyc.... were young and from a small town so we didnt know what to expect... we got to nyc everthing ran smoothly till we got to the hotel the cab driver yelled at us for not tiping him enough even though he didnt help us with our luggage or anything and was rude completely i thought $7 is enough of a tip but oh well... we went inside and there was only one lady working and she didnt really help us at all and was giving us a hard time... we ended up waiting in the lobby for 2 and half hours before we even got to check in because she had to send faxes and what not all around cause she thought we were too young and lying... (the bellhops saw how frustrated we were and helped us, talked to us, and was exceptionally nice to us) FINALLY we were able to check in and she said we had to wait to get our room cause it was not ready...one of the bellhops said something to her then all of a sudden she gave us our room keys... we requested a room on the west tower since reading these reviews was better then the other so going up to our room we werent expecting much since we were on the east side... we get up to our room on the 34th floor she had upgraded us to a superior suite ... we had 2 entrances to our room , 2 bathrooms, 2 showers, a living room, 2 40&quot; flatscreens, a mini fridge., and a great view it was perfect. clean and very modern .. since that time everyone was AMAZING... they totally made up for the wait... we revceived complimentary buffett breakfasts (which i may add DELICIOUS) and great service as well...we have a friend in nyc and he came to visit and also said we had a great hotel compared to alot of them in nyc where the rooms are small and no water pressure but we could shower at the same time and it be perfect ... the only thing is it is out of the way of main attractions and if you dont know how to use the subway(which we were taught how to :) ) or dont mind taking cabs around its fine...at first we thought this trip was going to be a disaster but tturned out to be sooo great... we even made friends with the lifeguard who got us great deals on lincoln cabs for cheap and even wanted to take us and show us around ... i would deffinitly go back again!!!!!! all staff was sooo great and so helpful and accomadating ( since no one else in the city helped us when we needed it ) we think maybe the girl at check in was just having a bad day :) one more thing... one night there was a huge thunder and lightening storm but we would have never known that if we werent looking outside.... you could hear nothing (soundproof)	
Aug 19 2009 	This Hotel needs to be redone!	The rugs as we got out of the elevator gross welted all wrinkled looked like a major flood happend when we got to our room the view was great but the walls gross food on them hand prints on the windows toothpaste on the wall in the bath room hair on the beds We changed rooms the other was a little better but just that!If you pay money to stay with your family you shouldn't be grossed out to sleep or brush your teeth	
Aug 14 2009 	Great hotel for the money in Manhattan	My wife and I and our 10-month old son stayed here for under $200/night (thanks to www.expedia.com). The hotel is almost across the street from the United Nations complex (halfway between 1st and 2nd Aves on the northside of 44th St) and while it is not at the absolute center of nightlife and tourist attractions, it is extremely easy to walk to all sorts of places (Grand Central Terminal, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, UN...obviously). The hotel and rooms are not the most modern, although they are not bad at all, and the lobby could use some more lighting but it is clean and the rooms and bathrooms are huge. Ask to stay in the West Tower and for a room with a western face (great views of the City).	
Aug 6 2009 	A very pleasant stay!	My husband and I were in NY for business at the UN, which made this location a perfect one! We stayed for 6 nights. I was wary before arriving at the hotel, because of the negative reviews that I had read on this site. I was pleasantly surprised in every way...by the staff, as they were all so pleasant and accommodating! They treated us like we were at a 4-5 star hotel. The pre-purchase price was the best deal in town, and had they had availability for a longer stay, we would have stayed there longer.The bed was rather soft, but it had a plush feel. Once I got used to it, I didn't want to get out of bed! The pillows were down, and we found them to be very comfortable. The down comforter made us feel right at home, since that's what we use on our bed. The Breakfast buffet was quite delicious. Yes, it was $18.95, which some reviewers have commented on as being pricey, but when you compare it to the prices in NY, it is quite reasonable. Everything is high in NY!The rooms do need some refurbishing, but they were all very clean, and huge! We had a room on the 40th floor, city view, and the view was magnificent! There was a bank of closets with sliding doors (with a safe), and a minibar area (which was no longer functional) with a cabinet on top (great for storing snacks, meds, etc. A sitting area near the windows that actually opens. We loved our room! I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay out of the hub of the busyness of midtown. Traveling to other parts to sightsee is a bit time-consuming, but it's a nice and quiet area. If you don't mind walking a bit to the nearest subway, then this is a great location. However, if you don't have the energy or the time to walk to catch public transportation, then it's not the place for you. Cabs are easy to catch right in front of the hotel, as they are constantly dropping off guests to the hotel.I am very picky when it comes to hotels. But, I found the room to be quite nice...no problems with odors of any type, and one huge plus...it was not a window unit a/c. However, we found the temperature a bit difficult to control. But, I found it comfortable when we turned it off after running it a while. We slept with it turned off all night, and was quite comfy in very hot weather. We really hated to leave the next day!Oh, I forgot to add....internet access was $12.95 per 24 hours.	
Aug 5 2009 	Fantastic views central location	We chose this hotels for it's views and the swimming pool and were not dissapointed. We had a very spaciuos room which was`great traveling with a 4 year old. Proximity to Grand central station is practical. We didn't even visit Empire state or Top of the rocks, our view included Chrysler building, Empire State building, Brooklyn bridge and UN building.	
Jul 22 2009 	FABULOUS place!!	I was so pleased with this hotel when I arrived. All the staff were very helpful and courteous. The room was amazing with an incredible view!! Very clean and minimalistic styling. Totally pleased and would return in a second! The bad things were that the pool closes at 6 p.m and the room service was fast but not the greatest food.	
Jul 21 2009 	Stay in the West Tower	First I need to say all of the Staff at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel are very nice and try their best but they are overwhelmed! We arrived for a romantic weekend away in the city and were told our &quot;New Updated&quot; Superior Room in the East tower was ready (we at this point did not know the vast difference between the East and West towers). We went to our room expecting to find the magnificent views pictured in most of the photos here at tripadvisor taken and posted by other guests who had stayed there. Instead we were looking at a wall out our window (the window was four feet off the ground with a stained couch in front of it, yes you cannot stand in front of the window and look out, the couch you see in many of the pictures is right in front of the window! Some of the rooms appear to have side drapes in the guest photos to block the morning light from flooding around the large gap between the shade edge and the wall in the pull down shades, none of the four rooms we saw did) and no tub in the bathroom. We went down to the front desk and he moved us to a room in worse shape, stained and ripped furniture and the bathroom had a two-inch gap from the rug to the floor where the threshold was missing. So back down to the front desk again. He moved us a third time (all still in the East Tower and yes we moved our bags all three times with no offer of help) it was late now and we had plans so at first glance the room looked fine, we dropped our stuff and headed out for our evening plans. We should of checked the bathroom, Mold and mildew everywhere, even on the floor. Down to the front desk again, a very nice young woman tells us she will have us moved to the west tower and to please just pack our bags and they would have them moved before we returned as we had tickets to a play for that afternoon. So we packed up again and headed off, returning that evening to find we had once again been moved to another room in the east tower. This room seemed ok with the least amount of stains so far, but still the one high window off the floor with the couch in front of it, until we went to take a shower the next morning. I got in the shower and it was broken! So back down to the front desk, the same young woman was working and I think she was genuinely surprised they had not moved us to the West tower. She let me see a room before we moved and the difference in the rooms is like night and day (the rooms you see with the floor to ceiling windows and the beds having nice furniture and simple thing like bed skirts and windows with real drapes to block out the morning sun or to nap in the afternoon are in the West Tower. I went and told my wife at breakfast that yes we were moving to a fifth room (we were on a bed and breakfast package, the breakfast buffet is ok, but what four star hotel has one toaster, where guests stand in line to toast their own bread and bagels). When asked about being compensated for what felt like a lost weekend (my wife felt our whole weekend had been truly thrown off, I felt we were always unsettled) the hotel did offer to take fifty dollars off our bill for our trouble. I would consider staying at this hotel again but would be sure I was in the West tower.	
Jul 20 2009 	Unusually large rooms but slightly dated.	For New York, the rooms are unusually large. I actually liked this place and the location. The hotel is older but has gret views of Manhattan and the skyline.My room was somewhat dated but it made up for that in the size of the room and comfortable bed.Nice staff too!	
Jul 13 2009 	posh hotel lol	thought it was a very up market hotel friendly people and excellent views, although make sure you get a good room because the lower market rooms are so standard, and u get a 40&quot; samsung lcd in every room which is gd lol	
Jul 10 2009 	It worths for the views	Magnificent views in particular from the top floors of newest side of the tower. As a long time user of this hotel I have noticed a downgrade of the variety of fruits and other items that used to be served at the breakfast. Anyway this hotel is still a good option for who stays in Manhattan.	
Jul 9 2009 	Nice Stay	Great hotel, also the location is great. Rooms were very good for the money, comes with great views and a very comfy bed, a nice LCD TV which I didn’t even turn on because we were barley in our room. Our bus dropped us off at 7th Ave &amp; 32nd near Penn Station. We walked to the hotel from there which was a lot of fun. Took Broadway to 34th street and walked all the way down to 2nd Ave then to 44th street to the hotel. The hotel is great if you like to walk around, it's close to everything except for going to see the Statue of Liberty which we took the bus (South Ferry) to Battery Park where the tour boat departed from. Ground Zero was a short walk from the park. Walk to Canal Street to do some shopping (Lots of good deals) then took the metro back to 34th street to catch our bus. Time Square, Central Park and everything else in between was close enough to walk to from the hotel. Again very good location, if you know the subway and bus system it’s an excellent choice, but if not, it's still very good if you like to walk. You can always ask for directions, people there will help out, we were very surprised about that. Go and have fun.	
Jul 6 2009 	You Could Do Better	This was our second stay at the UN PLAZA. We had reservations elsewhere, but decided we would give this place another chance to WOW us. It did not. The bad experience began with a DOWNGRADE from what we reserved online through TRAVELZOO.COM: from a SUPERIOR KING, SMOKING to a CORNER ROOM, QUEEN, NON-SMOKING. The clerk also put us in a room whose only upgrades were a new bed and a big TV. It was the OLD tower, nice view, UGLY room. We complained and were moved to the newer tower, with more modern facilities, except for the bathroom, with a sink meant for children. The uncomfortable sofa was badly stained, but the bed, the same one we had 5 years ago was a KING and comfy. The fridge we ordered was not present. Ice has to be delivered by room service (tip). I have much to complain about, but let me make this simple.SERVICE: The Jamaican desk clerk was very nice, BUT with only ONE clerk, she could not do her job well enough. What 4 star hotel has only ONE desk clerk?? The evening clerk was VERY RUDE. The restaurant serves only breakfast now, but the place does not advertise this. The breakfast (for $25!!) is like a Holiday Inn breakfast with bagels, cereal and melons. That is all! Anything else costs MORE? NO LUNCH? NO DINNER? The wait staff is attentive and friendly--very welcoming and apologetic, too.The pool has seen its better days. A lifeguard who talks on his cell phone all day long? The water is cold. The windows are dirty as is the pool itself. A tarp that hangs above the pool is badly stained. The showers are dirty. The place smells.The room: the staff cleans well and is very happy to get tips daily, of course. The A/C didn't work well, but was repaired. Room service was fast and nice for ice and whatever we needed.The bellhops were very attentive. And the concierge was knowledgeable.Okay--we like this hotel., but not enough to return to, unless it improves. There are so many hotels to try out. Why would we return to the UN PLAZA? If you do not want or need a pool, find another place to stay. There are a dozen or so hotels in NY with pools--check them out. The best has to be the Millenium Hilton, which is about 3 miles from Times Square. But this one is not far from Times Square for cabs and subways, but make sure you tell cabbies EXACTLY where to go and how to get there! The problem is that this is supposed to be a classy place, but if it were not for most of the remarkable staff, this hotel would be a dump, truly! We were told that this hotel had been through MAJOR RENOVATION since we were last there. That is a lie. It is slowly falling apart and it shows. We had reservations at the Millenium Hilton by Ground Zero initially, but altered them when we were told of the renovations. What a disappointment! The Hilton is well staffed, eager to please and beautiful, from their elegant rooms to their wonderful pool and restaurant!Again--I must commend the staff of the UN PLAZA. It looks like they have been downsized, even though this palce is booked solid. Most of the staff is pleasant and will go overboard for you, but I do no think they are well treated by management. There is something in the air here that tells me this.	
Jul 4 2009	Wonderful View and Friendly Service	Upon arrival at 8pm to the hotel, we were immediately greeted and taken care of by the doorman. Unfortunately, our room was not ready, so the reception desk sent us to the bar (which could benefit from some updates) for a free drink. When told that our room was ready, we went to our room on the 38th floor and were blown away by the view of the East River, UN, Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building. It was astonishing and considering the low price for the room, totally unexpected. The room was still not clean, so we had to sit and wait while the friendly staff cleaned the room. The room was decent and quite roomy, something I wasn't expecting in Manhattan. It would have been nice to have a mirror in the main room, instead of the mirrored wall next to the toilet (not a very flattering view) , for getting ready in the morning. Overall, we had a wonderful stay. The staff was super! Even though the hotel wasn't that close to a subway station, the location was still good.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great time	i read many reviews and it seems all based on what you are looking for, we had a great time in this hotel, we came to visit NY city and needed a nice clean place centrally located to come back to after a long day of fun time in the city.pros:VIEW, what a view you can't go to sleepbed, large and comfortablesize, the room is quite large not NY styleTV, big flat LCDcons:bathroom, could use some touchsubway, about 5 min from there (seems a lot after a whole day outside)Internet, with chargewe didn't use the hotel facilities at all so I can't tell much, when we arrived (7am) there was no room ready and they offered to refresh at the fitness center, we came back at noon got a room with a view to the east river and changed it to a city view.true, the rooms aren't the top of the art but just look outside the window and you forget all about it (rooms start from floor 28 so I guess all rooms have great view).for a 160 (without tax) per night I think this is a very good deal for NYC.hope it was helpfull :-)	
Jun 28 2009 	Very nice hotel- especially with upgrade	We stayed at the hotel for 1 night. We booked with Hotwire and got a very good price. We had been warned by other reviewers that they don't always have rooms ready for check in time, so we were not suprised when the person at the desk told us there were no rooms open. We returned one hour later, and after much computer clicking by the desk clerk, he told us there were still no rooms available, but that he would upgrade us to an Executive Suite! The room was beautiful, bedroom, living room, 1 1/2 baths, kitchenette, had a great view and was spotless.We used the fitness center and it was OK. It was small for a hotel of this size and didn't have any TVs.We ate the breakfast buffet which was fine. One downside was that omlettes were an additional fee.The staff was helpful and courteous.We would stay here again, especially if we were able to get a good rate.	
Jun 22 2009 	Fancy lobby good reception otherwise just ok	If you get it cheap, it's okay.Reception and doormen always proffesional and polite.Rooms a little cosy.Had issues with leaking air conditioner. Was offered immediately to change to an upgraded corner room. Room was same size except for a longer hallway.Not impressed with maids who twice reset the alarm to 6am for us. If a sliver of soap remained in the bathroom when you left the room, toiletries were not replaced. Maid service was very slack.Nice neighbourhood.Security very prominent.Internet expensive.Foyer and public areas kept in immaculate condition.	
Jun 13 2009 	very recomended	I spent a week in the hotel, I orderd it via Hot Wire - 120 per nught, the room was larg and comfort, bad OK, bathroom- no top of art, need some maintenance , the internet cost 12.5 $ per 24h - its a robbery! but after all is a good choice, not mentiond a good restorants around and gym+sweeming pool+ tennis court at level 38	
Jun 3 2009	Millennium UN Plaza - Not a memorable Memorial Day Weekend stay	While the staff at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel in New York City was first rate, the same could not be said of the recent ? renovation. Our room was in the supposedly updated section of the two tower hotel, but clearly the update was done on the cheap. The bedroom was under-furnished for its size, while the TV was too large for the room, and the artwork too spare and inappropriate. The room's HVAC also did not seem to have been updated as it was somewhat noisy and the thermostat did not work properly. Then there were the mirrors; THREE in the bathroom but not one in the bedroom. Very odd. Also for the price there should have been a coffee maker in the room.And while the room was clean, it just didn't seem like anybody really cared about how it looked or if it were really comfortable. The room just seemed cold and unfinished.It also appeared that, after the renovation, they hadn't gotten around to replacing the floor coverings in the hallways of our floor (which was the 33rd). The carpets were badly buckled and patched with dark tan duct/carpet tape. It really looked awful when you got off the elevator; not a good first impression at all.Would we stay there again? Despite the fantastic view, sorry, no.	
Jun 3 2009 	Our favourite New York Hotel	We travel from U.K. to New York once or twice a year and this is our favourite Hotel.The hotel may not be the most modern but we love it.On our last visit (May 09) we arrived in the evening and the check in was very quick and we were given the romm of our choice. The room was on the 39th Floor and the views of the Chrysler &amp; Empire State Buildings were stunning, particually at night. The room is larger than others we have visited in New York. We had a very comfortable king size bed and room had large flat screen t.v., desk, chairs and a minibar. The bathroom was small but very well equiped. The room was spotlessly clean, although it's fairly old.Wi-fi was availalbe in the room (for a charge) and the safe is large enough for a laptop.The staff were all very friendly and helpful - in particular Frank on the front door knows everything about the City and is always happy to help out.The hotel is less than 10 minutes walk to the Subway at Grand Central or there are bus stops on 2nd Ave (for bus to South St. Seaport &amp; South Ferry) or 42nd St. (for bus to Times Square) For $25 we were able to get a weeks unlimited travel on Subway and Busses.For a good breakfast we went to John's Diner on the corner of 2nd Ave &amp; 44th St.There is a small deli on 44th St. which is handy for buying food and drinks.In summary, a comfortable hotel with superb views - already looking forward to our next visit.	
Jun 1 2009 	Good location but don't spend much time in your room	I booked on Hotwire.com after using betterbidding.com to determine that this was the hotel I'd get. I got the room for $129/night, which I think is an excellent value. However, the hotel is pretty outdated and spare-the lobby screams &quot;80s!&quot; and the rooms are somewhat shabby. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, so if you don't plan to spend much time in your room (as I did not) then this hotel is fine and you can get a great deal through Hotwire.	
May 30 2009 	Great value!	This hotel provides excellent value for New York City. The rooms are of a decent size and very clean. The staff are also professional and courteous. I arrived at around 7pm and were told that our rooms were not ready. Without having to complain, the concierge immediately called the restaurant (Ambassador Grill) and told them to expect me and to give me a free meal and free drinks. Although I found the restaurant to have outdated decor, I really appreciated this gesture and enjoyed the food at the Ambassador Grill. The next morning, I also received breakfast coupons for the next two days!Here are some of the advantages of staying at this hotel:* Free wifi connection in the lobby* Excellent pool and fitness centre with great view on the 27th floor* Great views from the rooms* Friendly staff* Rooms have a nice size and are clean* Flat screen LCD TVs in roomsSome cons:* Location - A bit out of the way, so expect to walk a few blocks to get to the subway or any other tourist attractions (with the exception of the UN). The walk to Times Square is about 15 minutes. I actually lost 10 pounds on the trip from all the walking.* No ice machine* Outdated decor in restaurant* No coffee maker in the room	
May 27 2009 	terrible	THEY HAD OVERBOOKED THE HOTEL. There was one receptionist to greet us at 2:00 PM. Her customer service skills were poor. She wouldn't look you in the eye (probably because she knew everyone was going to be furious once they realized the rooms were over-booked). The two receptionists who were there when we returned to check in at 3:00 told us we'd have to wait and one seemed to work harder at helping the guests get into a room. Very many people were waiting in the lobby to check in. One of our friends had to wait until 5:00 - and we had dinner reservations at 5:00 downtown. This was inexcusable. The toilet was broken in our room. It didn't stop running. The bathtub did not drain. We waited over 20 minutes to get a take out coffee on Sunday morning. I wouldn't recommend this hotel. There are plenty of other hotels to stay in NYC.	
May 26 2009 	Fantastic!	Excellent! I stayed at the Millenium Plaza for 4 nights with my family. New York takes your breath away but when we arrived at the hotel from the airport, we all still said: &quot;WOW!&quot; The view from our suite at 37 floor was AMAZING! We didn't even go up Empire State Building because the view from our room was so good! We didn't try the breakfast, room-service nor restaurant, but we went to the swimming-pool at 27th floor! That's a way to relax after all the sightseeing and shopping! 5 min walk from Grand Central and no problems with the transport. I would always recommend this hotel to everyone going to New York - especially if you want NY to take your breath away. Just see the pics.	
May 23 2009 	Great Hotel. Great Price.	Booked this hotel through Hotwire. It's located in a quiet area and is a bit off the beaten path but it's still well located - lots of places are walkable if you like to walk (it was close to the conference I was attending). Besides, cabs are plentiful and reasonably priced too. The room is pretty big by New York standards. My room had a kitchen (a bit run down), a wide screen tv and a large bathroom. The view from the room was pretty nice too. You have to pay for internet though. fyi - I took an airport shuttle from Newark and it took over an hour and a half to get to the hotel (I was the last stop) so be aware of that.	
May 19 2009 	Great hotel for the budget!	Located 6 blocks from Grand Central, it's a great location for those who want to avoid the chaos of other areas. It's probably not for those who don't like walking.Hotel: We arrived at 9am and our room was ready. I specifically asked the reservation manager for a non-smoking room and when we arrived, we were told that iwe were on a non-smoking floor and if the room smelled like smoke to let them know because it was likely someone smoked when they weren't supposed to and that they would change our room.Our room was 4039 on the 40th floor of the West Tower. It was a corner room with AMAZING views of the Chrysler Building and the Empire State Building as well as the East River. The bed was very comfortable, the room and the bathroom were spacious. There was even a large flat screen TV. The only suggestion I would make is that the rooms could use a little TLC. The carpet, door handle, doors and chairs were a little worn. They could probably spend $100 and really do a nice job updating the room. But other than that, for a NYC hotel, I have no complaints.Food: If you are on a budget, there are several options in this area. On 44th between 1st and 2nd ave, there is a little deli/store with seating in the back. You can get an omellete, hashbrowns and toast for $3.99 or a bagel for $0.85. Some people have suggested John's on 2nd at 44th. It's good and John is really nice. For two people though, it'll cost about $20.One night we had supper at L'Ecole, the French Culinary Institute restaurant. The students prepare a 5 course meal for $42. This was an amazing experience. In NYC, restaurants are not cheap so to walk away from a 5-course meal for two including a bottle of wine for about $130 is a steal. You can also get a teacher-prepared 4 course meal for $42. The food was delicious and very well prepared. They do prepare food the way it is &quot;supposed&quot; to be prepared so if you have preferences, you should tell them. For example, one customer was upset that her lamb was still pink. Her dinner partner tried to explain that you don't eat lamb well done. . .however, if that is your preference, you should state it.	
May 14 2009 	Would definitely return!	We spend 5 nights there in April. Booked 2 rooms one for 3 people and the other for 2. We were told before we went we would have a pullout bed for the third person but didn't complain as we only paid the price for a double room. When we got there, there were no rooms with pull out beds available so we were upgraded to a suite for no extra charge. Was fantastic. Was my 4th stay in New York in different hotels and was my favourite yet. Great location - less than 5 mins walk to Grand Central Station. Would definitely return!	
May 9 2009 	Great for the money in NY	We recently stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in late April and we had a fabulous view from our 40th floor room (Room 4032). We could see the Chrysler Building and Empire State Building from our window and the kids were very impressed with how tiny everything on the street was from way up there. I've also stayed at the Algonquin, Hilton on Ave of the Americas, and the Essex House, and for the money, I'd have to say the view and the large room were WELL worth the $169 we paid per night (travelzoo promo). It was very quiet, the pool was great, and we found the staff to be very helpful. The only cons: quite a walk to the attractions we were exploring - something closer to Times Square &amp; Central Park would have suited us better and saved a few cab fares. Room service was very expensive, and there were no in room coffee makers. But Dunkin Donuts is around the corner for that caffeine fix :) We also ate at a great little restaurant on our last night around the corner called Dean's. We had a great time and I don't think you can do much better in terms of room size and views (if you get the right floor/room) elsewhere.	
May 8 2009 	Atrocious!	I've never given a &quot;terrible&quot; in all my reviews in TripAdvisor but this hotel sure warrants it. We came in at 7pm, only to be told that the rooms were not ready. They would only be ready several hours later. There was only one receptionist on duty and she looked completely harried. Poor staffing!The lifts are dreadfully slow. During the morning, it can take more than 5 min for the lift to come. The carpets in the room smell damp. The internet connection is not free, nor wireless - even then, it's dreadfully slow. The gym is too small for a hotel of this size - with only 3 treadmills, there is a line of people waiting to run in the mornings. The water in the gym is not filled up on a regular basis.The only saving grace is the large screen LCD TV and large rooms. Will not stay here again.	
May 7 2009 	Horrible receptionists who are obviously in the worng job!	Arrived after long long flight and nearly 3 hours at Customs at JFK to horrible receptionists who were completely disinterested After booking a superior room with 2 beds (I realise it is difficult in NY to specify beds but what's the point of the hotel saying this accommodation is available - you would go to one of the other hotels if hotel couldn't provide accommodate you were looking for) One of us had to sleep on a rollaway bed and tdesk staff old us to come back next day - we did and the next and the next and the next(were there for 10 days) each time we had to queue to speak to disinterested staff - because they had a corporate seminar going on they couldn't give us room with two beds. Receptionists worst I have encountered - frontline staff are one of the main marketing forces for any company but this lot failed miserably.The superior room wasn't superior and I hate to think what the &quot;normal&quot; rooms look like - also room and surrounding corridor/halls very tacky and tired lookingThe only plus was the restaurant and housekeeping staff who were all efficient and pleasant.	
May 5 2009 	Almost perfect	We spent 6 days at the very end of April in the UN Millennium Plaza and throughout our month long trip from Savannah to New York this was the best stay overall. A 5-10 minute walk (half that time is spent waiting to cross the roads) to Grand Central Station and very convenient to the UN it caters for all tastes. Our room, booked through travelzoo, was comfortable, spacious, clean, quiet and had a good view over the East River and the Chrysler Building. The indoor pool was very good and one of the largest I've ever seen and, rather unusually I thought, had a lifeguard on duty. There was a good choice at breakfast and plenty of taxis waiting outside if you didn't fancy walking . I would have given it 5 * but for the fact that a) You had to pay for wifi access b) The pool shut too early in the evening and c) There were 3 mirrors in the bathroom/toilet but none in the bedroom.	
May 5 2009 	Outstanding View Beautiful Rooms But...	When we visited New York City recently we stayed at this hotel, just across the street from United Nations Headquarters. This was both good and bad. Good because there weren't too many tourist-types in the area, and bad because it was a small walk to get to the subway (Grand Central was about five blocks away).The hotel itself was nice, the room was well furnished and the view was excellent, looking over the East River. The only complaint is that our room was so high (we were on the 34th floor) that I was unable to get a decent cellular or Internet signal. However, if I went to the lobby both worked fine. The hotel did offer a wired Internet connection for - I believe - $10 per day, but I didn't use it, so I can't speak to the quality.Sitting in the lobby offered a number of selections to connect to for free so I had no reason to do so, but if you want to work from your room that is one option. On one occasion I was able to connect to a wireless connection from the room but the quality wasn't good and I wasn't able to make the connection at a later date, though I could see a number of networks.This being New York City, there are a number of dining choices all around, but most are of the deli variety and if you want to eat something nicer you may need to travel a bit. There is a dining room in the lobby called the Ambassador Grill that looked pretty nice, but we didn't try it, so I can't speak to the quality. If the prices are any indication, it's quite good, but we weren't prepared for a nicer dining experience, so we stuck to the other places, readily available just down the block (and they were much cheaper too).The only complaint we had is that one of the four elevators didn't work the whole time we were there (they were apparently upgrading it) and another of them was out of service for about half the time (same excuse). A near-40 story building needs a bit more than two elevators. When three were working it was okay. With four, I suspect it would be fine. So once they have finished their repairs, I imagine it would be fine.	
Apr 30 2009 	Decent Hotel	Not as glamorous as it is made out to be, however we got a great deal and for NYC it was nice. Clean, large room and late checkout was a plus. If I got the same price again I would stay, but definitely a no frills hotel. There was parking too, although pricey, but no problems.	
Apr 27 2009 	Good Hotel - Appauling after sales and service	A good hotel in terms of rooms and facilties - but they debited my credit card twice for the stay and have still not refunded it, i would never recommend any one from UK goes there, we ended up there as we wanted a pool and its only one of the few in nyc that have one, we booked superior family room with two double beds only to get there and be told they did not have such a room so gave us one with one double bed and offered two camp beds, this was not acceptable and only after numerous complaints - on second night they moved us at they said no additional cost to us to two standard rooms with interlocking door, 3 months after return we were debited twice for the room again after paying in full prior to going to the USA - they have to date reunded one cost but not the other - trying to get any sense from them is like trying to walk through treacle - beware dont go there they are are smiles and nice when there but are to be fair horrendous after the event	
Apr 23 2009 	My new favorite hotel in NYC	Stayed here for 5 nights with my teenaged daughter. Great hotel- Fantastic views, huge room, nice pool and did I mention those views. We stayed in the West tower on the 38th floor. We had fantastic views of the Chrysler building and the Empire State Building and the window opened so we could let in those great city sounds, or easily block them out. Also got a great deal from travelzoo for $149 a night, can't beat that. This was the biggest, cheapest and nicest hotel that I have stayed at in NY. Some have said that it is too far east, but it is only a 10 min. walk to Grand Central and a 4 minute walk to the crosstown bus stop.	
Apr 21 2009 	Home away from home...but with a view	I booked on Travelzoo for my daughter's first visit to New York. Reviews varied wildly, so I wasn't sure what to expect. I called the night before to request a non-smoking room and a city view, and Ms. Melveta Rance responded to me like a long-lost sister, assuring me we would enjoy our stay. She gave us a free upgrade to an efficiency in the West Tower, on the 34th floor, looking right at the Chrysler Building and the Empire St. Bldg., and when we arrived she sent up vouchers for the breakfast buffet.The room was well-appointed, clean as a pin, and comfortable. All the staff were friendly, inquiring about our day each evening--Barry at the front desk was especially charming, in his own reserved manner.The hotel itself and the staff went a long way to making our trip memorable--my daughter felt especially safe and comfortable there. No one hassled us for tips, but were there when we needed anything. This is the only place I'll stay in New York City!	
Apr 13 2009 	Rude Staff Great Deal on Travelzoo	I booked three rooms under the Travelzoo special at $149/ night. The staff almost went out of their way to be rude or ineffective. When a big group from an airline arrived to check in, three front desk staff went on break, leaving the rest of trying to check out and get copies of room bills in a long line. Concierge, bellmen &amp; doormen were awesome though and went out of their way to do a good job. Westerly view rooms are the way to go with views of the city. Easterly views of Long Island - yuk!The room itself was very spacious for NYC standards. The rooms themselves are stuck in a time warp and are in needed of updating. In one room, there was a minikitchen, but no microwave, all finished in a fabulous formica. In one bathroom, the ceiling was disgustingly dirty and it was obvious the cleaning staff had never wiped off the ceiling. The pain was peeling in the bathroom and after one cleaning session, we were left with only one bath towel.The occupants in the third room developed some weird rash on their legs. I can't confirm as bedbugs or some other weird allergy, but only the two of them experienced this. They were in a room with two single beds, so not sure what it was, but calamine lotion and loradatine seem to be clearing it up.If this room ran a $149/ night special again, I'd consider it. Otherwise, there are other good deals on Travelzoo at the same rate.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great Value	I got a Travel Zoo $149/night special last the week of the visit. Located near the UN, it is very convenient to Times Square, B'way and several subway lines to get you up and down the city. A 10 minute walk to Grand Central will allow you access to anywhere you want to go. Upon check in, I was given an upgrade to a Junior Suite with a view of the UN, the East River and up 1st Ave. The hotel lobby is small, but never was crowded. Several International Airlines flight crews stay at this hotel, so it must be regarded as one of the better hotels for what it is. There is a pool, fitness center and tennis courts so bring the appropriate attire. Up the block at 44th and 2nd, there is a nice place for breakfast - Cafe Olympia - and a solid NY style Chinese restaurant that is open until 11.There was a little bit of wear and age in the rooms, but nothing terrible. They just could use a little cosmetic touch up. All in all, well worth it.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great NYC hotel for a great price	My wife and I stayed in this hotel over the 4th of July in 2007. We booked a room for two on hotels.com for $145 a night and were not expecting what we got. We had a room on the NE corner of the building (views uptown and over the East River) with a king size bed and a couch. The room was very spacious and included a fridge (if you take the drinks out of the mini-bar and put them in a dresser drawer). There was free WiFi in the lobby and always taxis and breakfast carts outside the hotel. The UN is less than five minutes away and Grand Central is a ten minute walk. We had a great view of the fireworks over the river. The view was so great that the manager checked our key coming into the hotel that night to make sure we were actually guests. (Evidently they've had problems with non-guests riding the elevators to the upper floors and watching the fireworks from the halls.)All in all, this is a great hotel in a great location. I would highly recommend.	
Mar 19 2009 	UN Millenium	I recently stayed here with my boyfriend for our 2 year anniversary for one night. We got hooked up with a 2 floor suite which was awesome. The hotel is pretty plain, nothing too crazy or worth noting. The room was clean on the surface, but when you look closer you can tell this hotel has been around for a while. Worn out carpets and doors. We even found someone elses underwear in a closet!! NASTYYY!! Perfect for 1 or 2 nights nothing more.	
Mar 14 2009 	Lives up to 3.5-4* quality	Definitely worth this price, and lives up to 3.5-4 star quality. Spacious rooms, amazing view. Bathroom is shining, but tub/shower a bit old. Great furnishing, but the carpet is not 4*. Got this hotel for $110 a night through hotwire - best value in town, and i've been around in many ~100-150$ hotels in NYC. Internet is 13$ for 24 hours :(	
Mar 11 2009 	Clean room great view heart of Manhattan	Very nice and helpfull staff. Clean room on 34th floor. Amazing view on Empire State Building. Only 10 minutes walk from Grand Central Station. Swiminng pool, gym and full size tennis court on 38th floor. Rooms starting from 28th floor. Small problems with the TV set.	
Mar 5 2009 	Decent Business Hotel.	Booked hotel through priceline. Not much by way of style, but nice sized rooms, clean and professionally maintained. Due to proximity to the UN, would make a great business hotel, with efficient service.Location is quiet an issue as a tourist, as it is located in a residential area, with not much going on, and few restaurants. Closets station, around three blocks west, is Grand Central, which is a bit overwhelming due to the rail and subway systems all being in one place.	
Feb 24 2009 	Very nice stay	Stayed in this hotel for 6 nights. Our room was on the 36th floor in the East tower and faced NE so although it was a very good view we did not overlook the city and the impressive city views. We stayed in a Superior room which was spacious and nicely decorated.The pool on the 28th floor was good and had nice views.	
Feb 19 2009 	Spectacular view.....good value for NYC	I came in by train for a two night R and R with my partner. Easy walk from the train station, pre-registered and checked our bags while we went out for a few hours. The staff was pleasant. When we returned at 3:00 PM, the room was ready in the East Tower 33rd floor as promised. Was told that the windows don't open due to security policy at the UN. The view of UN, East River and Downtown including the Empire State Bldg was Spectacular. The bed was exceptionally comfortable, the TV was like a movie screen. I found the bathroom quite dirty with mold and mildew all around the tub and shower. I also felt that in the amenities they nickeled and dimed you -- the minibar costs were very high, charge for the internet, I was also dissapointed that even though they advertised that the Ambassador Grill was open for dinner until 10:30 -- I was told that they didn't serve dinner. The breakfast was nice, but I felt that that too was quite pricey. The contracted Conceriege was pleasant and very helpful.All in all I would stay there again.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great Views at Rock Bottom Price	The unusually gracious desk clerk gave us a lovely high corner room.While the furnishings were a bit worn, that means little to me. My daughter compared the room to an eagles nest; exactly what I wanted.I love Manhattan, though I arrived braced for the worst in terms of courtesy; I was very pleasantly surprised by this hotel's staff.The hotel's basic architechure is remarkably fine. Their use of framed Asian textiles produces some of the best wall decoration I've ever seen in a hotel.	
Feb 17 2009 	Clean well located.. Nice rooms but not luxury.	Hotel was ok, presented well, rooms were quite nice... shower got stuck a few times... was over that.. Location is good, safe at night ( all hours.... ) Staff were fine... If the price is right have no hesitation to stay here... its nothing to write home about though.Just a decent hotel in a good location.	
Feb 16 2009 	Time to get to work	The Millenium is ideally located, in a very quiet area yet close to all major attractions Midtown. The room we got was on the corner of the building so we had an amazing view. Never seen anything like this before in NYC! The swimming pool was closed for most part of our stay but is an incredible luxury in this city with another breathtaking view. So, the Millenium could be a power player if the rooms were refurbished, service was stepped up a notch (doormen as really obnoxious and tip-obsessed), gym was upgraded to the 21st century, etc. To put it in another way, the Millenium hotel should CARE and I would be more than happy to return. In the same room, please!	
Feb 10 2009 	Positively surprised!	We left the hotel booking until the last minute so it seemed completely impossible to find anything inexpensive. This hotel was towards the lower end of the price spectrum and seemed reasonably nice so we took it. Once we arrived we were hugely surpised. We were given a corner room with amazing views to the city, Brooklyn and the UN. The room itself was beautiful too, clean and perfectly well equipped. Huge windows to all directions to maximise the views. The location was great, around 5 min walk from the Grand Central and about 10min from Times Square. All I can say is that we were very positively surprised and we thought it was very good value for money, particularly when comparing this to similar priced hotels right by the Times Square.	
Feb 2 2009 	Needs some work	I stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza overnight, while attending a business meeting in NYC. Overall, it was an acceptable overnight stay, but nothing more than acceptable. It was certainly not a great value for the price paid.Check in was fast, but the front desk clerk was minimally communicative and certainly not welcoming to the tired traveler arriving at 9PM after a long day. Directions to the elevator, etc had to be obtained through questions, met with curt answers.The main halls showed evidence of faded luxury, with thread-bare carpets with multiple ripples, held together with duct tape in may spots. Not exactly what I was expecting from a hotel of this caliber.The room was comfortable, with all necessary amenities, and the bed was also comfortable. It was quite large by NYC standards. Once again, however, the furnishings showed excess wear and tear, and it looked like there's been no major renovation or updates for about 10 years or so. Also, the room was 80 degrees, and adjustment of the thermostat didn't have much effect.Room service was good, and the food quality very good.Check-out was easy, and the morning desk staff was much friendlier!	
Jan 24 2009 	Worst hotel ever	From the first minute, you feel that all this hotel cares about is money, which is not a pleasant feeling when you're arriving to NYC after a long flight. While you are speaking with the receptionist, the bellman interrupts you to ask for his tip. Housekeeping practices are pretty weird, glasses are washed in the room's WC. Internet is very expensive. The phone is my case was not working, I had to call the operator many times, then go to the lobby to speak with the receptionist to get my phone fixed. Receptionists can be very mean and impolite. Some are nice though. The hotel charges everything. Rooms are very expensive(400 dollars) I didn't find a single soap in the bathroom. I've been to hotels in different parts of the world, and this is really the worst hotel I've ever been to.	
Jan 20 2009 	What a hotel.....amazing views fantastic service	After booking through the KLM website, my boyfriend and I found a great deal including flights and 4 nights in the Millenium UN Plaza.When we walked into our room (East Tower, 28th Floor) we were astounded at the views over Manhattan and the clear view we had of the Chrysler Building to our right and the UN Building to our left...stunning.The bedroom was a decent size with a huge plasma TV, decent size bathroom, walk in wardrobe and a very comfortable king size bed. There were no tea/coffee making facilities and the mini bar prices were high so make sure you stock up on bottles of water from outside the hotel!It was about a 15 walk to Times Square and the area around the hotel felt totally safe. There are understandably lots of police around with it being beside the UN and yellow cabs are everywhere so getting around isn't an issue.Altogether, a fantastic hotel, I would highly recommend it.	
Jan 19 2009 	Exceptional care	Just returned from a weekend at the UN Millenium Plaza and can't say enough good things about our experience.The staff was incredible, the room gorgeous, clean and comfortable and the views, spectacular. This is a perfect location, quiet and convenient to all. Valet parking made the weekend all the better. We arrived early - not a problem. Our room was ready and our car was parked. What a blessing after having driven 3 and a half hours with the toddler in tow!! We would definately stay here - in fact will make this our #1 choice for visits to NYC. All of this, due to the great staff.	
Jan 18 2009 	Great weekend getaway!	Family of 3, traveling for a quick weekend shopping / birthday trip. Comments regarding &quot;not staying in the west tower&quot; were proven untrue. We stayed on the 40th floor of the west tower with spectacular mid-town to downtown views. Check-in, service and accomodations were fine. We had a king bed and rollaway... plenty of room. Nice flat screen TV and desk for computer (wireless service available for approx. $10 per day).The location is about 5-10 minutes from Grand Central. A pleasant walk. Once at Grand Central, you're only a few minutes from Times Square by subway shuttle... even in 20-30 degree weather! Close to local markets and various eateries. From there you have access to all of Manhattan.We had a pleasant stay.	
Jan 11 2009 	Good hotel for Manhattan sightseeing	Excellent location and very nice views. Swimming pool and fitness centre is an additional attitude - with excellent views too. Rooms can be a little damaged and dirty due to very often exploitation. However service at the front desk is very nice and can change the room if you want.	
Jan 7 2009 	Amazing Views	Good points:excellent valuelarge roomsAmazing Viewsonly 5 min walk from grand central stationexcellent staffNegavtive points:rooms are datedrooms were grimey in placesinternet access was expensive and very very very slowroom service, restaurant and bar are expensivehotel double charged me for our stay but gave a quick refund when i rang up.	
Jan 7 2009 	Amazing hotel	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights on our honeymoon in NYC and we loved it! The staff were amazing to us - they are super friendly and helpful. This hotel is not right downtown but excellent value for the money and the views are AMAZING! Our first room had a view of the East River and into Brooklyn. Due to a weather issue we had to stay an extra night and we were lucky to get a room on the other side of the hotel which has a spectacular view of Manhattan (ESB, Chrysler, etc!). I definately recommend this hotel and we plan on staying there next time we're in NYC.	
Jan 6 2009 	Amazing!!	This hotel is absolutely amazing!The bed was huge, the bathroom was a decent size, the size of the room was gigantic and the staff at the hotel were very friendly. Would go back to this hotel on my next visit to NYC.	
Jan 5 2009 	New Year in the Millennium!	We, being a party of six stayed over the New Year for five nights. We were all given rooms in the West tower, despite trying to change to the East tower, as we were there for a special occasion. Only one of the rooms had a view of the city (3235). The other two 3030 ans 3230 were both in the corner and had partial river views. We could see straight into rooms opposite from these rooms and the beds were a lot smaller. There was a kitchen area with fridge, hob and oven, but not a lot of use without utensils etc. The bathrooms were in need of a makeover.On a positive note the entrance lobby was very nice and the staff most helpful. The pool was warm and had great views.The hotel is in a good position with the walk to Grand Central just over five minutes away. We used the little deli just up the road most days and tried John's for breakfast, which had a great choice. We had a couple of problems with the taxis outside the hotel. The first time they refused to take us as we came out of the hotel without luggage, they were obviously all waiting to get fares to the airport (more money in it for them). The 2nd time we needed to get across town around 5pm for a dinner cruise at 6pm and no-one would take us. The hotel staff suggested we take the subway to Times Square and walk the rest. This was not ideal in high heels and took around 30 mins to walk. I don't think we were the only ones to have this problem by the number of people running onto the boat just before it sailed.All in all these were the only problems we came across during our stay, and the rest was brilliant.	
Jan 5 2009 	Nice Room- Distracted Service	I booked 2 rooms through the hotel's website several months before our stay. I requested that the two rooms be near one another. Upon check in, the clerk said that was impossible, before even checking his computer. He seemed to have a real problem understanding that there were two reservations, one for 2 nights and one for 3. After approx 10 minutes, he checked in one of our groups, and then told me it would be 1.5 hours for the second room- OK no problem. Oh, that room is in a different tower. Um, no. After another 15 minutes, we were finally checked in and were told we would be called when the room was ready. 2 hours later, still no phone call, but the room was available when we checked in with the desk.The rooms were very nice, large by Manhattan standards, and well appointed if a little dated in the bathroom area. The view was stunning, the bed comfortable. The pool area is small and the water a little chilly, but a nice perk when in the city. Valet service is an outrageous $46.50 per night.Checkout was equally chaotic to check in, with a dispute over the rate that took another 20 mins to get corrected, and then another 10 mins to get a refund which was later discovered to be incorrectly applied. So, in summary- if you are looking for a well-priced, large room in the city, this hotel fits the bill. However, be prepared to wait when checking in and out, and look over your bill carefully.	
Jan 2 2009	Millennium UN Plaza hotel	We were in New York for five nights in late December including New Year's Eve. The hotel was wonderful and our room on 34th floor had a fantastic view of the Chrysler Building, Empire State Building and Brooklyn Bridge in the distance. We had booked a standard room on a special rate and were upgraded on arrival to a superior room - the staff were really attentive and helpful. The hotel was about 20 minutes walk from Times Square , Empire State etc and the area is lovely and quiet. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 2 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We were very pleased with this hotel. The staff were some of the most polite and helpful I have encountered, nothing was too much trouble.The view from our room were breath-taking. All the amenities were clean and as described on the website. The only thing I can not comment on is the restaurant, as we did not get the opportunity to try it.	
Dec 31 2008 	Very happy holiday pleasantly surprised!	After reading a few reviews I was a little nervous to book this hotel, but with the price at just over $200 a night and the good location, we decided to try it out. My husband and I spent a week in the hotel and upon arrival we were upgraded to a corner room suite on the 35th floor in the east tower. As soon as we walked into our room we both just said WOW! The view was amazing. There was even a fabulous view from the bathroom. We ended up leaving the curtains drawn for our entire trip as the view was just too amazing to block. The bathroom was huge as was the general size of the room. We only had one problem and that was with the toilet which stopped flushing, but after we told reception it was fixed immediately and we had no issue's after that.Room service and the restaurant downstairs were both very expensive so we often bought coffee from the deli next door and ate at John's Diner across the road. Also Pizza Rustica had the most amazing Pizza which is also across the road. 2nd Avenue is right off the hotel and has loads of fabulous restaurants also.The front desk service was always friendly and helpful. Grand central station is only a 10 minute walk away, as well as Times Square being about a 15 minute walk. I imagine the hotel was probably a 5 star hotel once, but has now become a little dated and worn but overall, it was a great stay, brilliant views, a very comfy bed and a great trip.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great hotel for the price!	We recently stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza over the Christmas holiday and had a great experience. We took a redeye flight and arrived at the hotel at about 6:30 am. We didn't book a room for the night before and decided to chance and see if we could check into our room early. Turns out they didn't have a room ready for us to check in, but we decided to pay the extra $100 and upgrade to a suite for that night since they had one available. So by 7 am we were napping in the suite. The next day we were ready to &quot;downgrade&quot; to the room that we booked, but they decided to let us stay in the suite for the rest of our trip at no additional charge-- NICE!!! The suite had an AMAZING view of the skyline and river! There were two full bathrooms and a living room/ sitting area and separate bedroom. We didn't need all of that space as we didn't spend much time in the room. The rooms very clean and well maintained, and I really don't have any complaints. We were with another couple who staying in a regular room and they said it was very nice as well. The decor of the hotel is slightly dated, but not shabby or in disrepair. The staff was very friendly and accomodating.The location was pretty good, we were able to walk to many of the places we were going.Overall, I think this was a good value. We paid $175/night at Christmas time and I think it was a good price for this hotel.	
Dec 30 2008 	I Like this Place	My wife and I have stayed at this hotel many times for two primary reasons: availability of good rates and swimming pool. We were able to get an excellent rate Christmas week by using the travelzoo/ticker code. The corner rooms in the east tower have a magnificent view of the East River and UN on one side and the Chrysler and Empire State Buildings on the other. The corner room is quite spacious by NYC standards. The pool is on the 27th floor and also commands the river view. Although the hotel is very comfortable, it is several steps below luxurious. We had a few maintenance issues in our room and the carpets in the 33rd floor hallways are taped in multiple places and present a shabby appearance. This hotel would be truly spectacular with an injection of cash for some necessary updating.	
Dec 30 2008 	Hotel is good but the pool was a let down	Stayed here for a few days in December whilst on a tourist visit. Overall this hotel is reasonably priced for NYC, yes it could be better but by no means is it bad - we had a very pleasant stay.Positives:- Fantastic Views across the Hudson River (we were in the West Tower 36 floors up)- All rooms will have good views as the rooms are based between the 28th and 38th floor- Rooms were spacious, beds were comfy and had a good choice of TV channels- Good selection of mini-bar (but very expensive!)- Could check-out in your room (via the tv set) or access your current bill- Location is okay, a bit away from all the hustle and bustle but still close enough to walk- There a good deli shop which is ideal for breakfast about 60 metres up from the hotel (turn right out of the hotel)Negatives:- Swimming pool was a disappointment. Based on the 28 floor the views were amazing but were let down by the temperature of the pool (very cold) and the general age and state of the pool/changing area. Really could do with a re-fit. Such a shame as it could be such a selling point.-The large full-length mirror next to the toilet - absolutely hilarious! What made someone decide to put one there is beyond me...why would you want to watch yourself wiping your backside?! Still makes me laugh thinking about it.- Public Internet access was expensive ($2 for 2 mins) - Why charge such silly amounts??- Mini bar and snacks were expensive - People might actually use them if they were reasonably priced- The nearest subway station (Central Station) was a good 10 min walk away which wasn't ideal. Although the hotel is continuously serve by taxis outside.	
Dec 30 2008 	amazing views	This hotel needs to be seen to be believed. On arrival we were very tired and they explained that there was a problem with our reservation, but in no time they came back and told us that they had upgraded our stay to a suite. The suite was huge and we had panoramic views across the city and the river. One of the things i was hoping for was to be able to see the empire state building from our room and to my delight we could not only see that but the chrysler too. The hotel is very grand with mirrors and marble everywhere. Thoroughly enjoyed this hotel.	
Dec 9 2008 	What a beautiful hotel	I stayed in the Millennium UN Plaza hotel and was pleasantly surprised. I picked this hotel because of the low price. It's hard to find good hotels in NYC under $200. So I didn't expect it to be such a beautiful upscale hotel. The lobby was fabulous although all of the mirrored walls took a little getting used to. I had a hotel room that was on the corner and it was high enough to have an incrediable view of the Empire State building and other NYC buildings . The night time views were spectacular. The room was very modern with bleached wood and glass furniture. The bed was cozy. I did miss the coffee maker in the room but it was worth it to stay in such a stylish room. The only problem I could see was the hotel restaurant , it was extremely expensive. But I discovered a little deli practically next door. I bought a breakfast sandwich and coffee and ate it in my room. The hotel is also near Grand Central Station and a variety of shops so it's a good place to get in a little shopping. I learned that this hotel is the official hotel of the Rachel Ray show. I looked in the lobby for celebrities but didn't see any. The Rachel Ray studio is across the street and just a couple steps away.Overall, I found my experience with this hotel to be wonderful. I didn't think it was possible to stay in a luxury hotel without the luxury price. I would love to stay in this hotel again.	
Nov 30 2008 	Ask for corner room in East Tower	On arrival we were allocated a room on top floor, be careful all we could here was the air conditioning units on the the roof, which could keep you awake if a light sleeper.We asked to be moved and was given a corner room on the 36th floor,WOW, what a view, over the river and beyond. The best sunset and sunrise I have ever seen. The room was quite big, flat screen TV, lovely bathroom, beware don't eat the snacks on offer, they are not complimentary, not even the bottled water. Traffic noise is minimal being so high up. Only disappointing thing about the hotel, there are no tea or coffee facilities, which is not unsual for New York but would be a nice touch. Just up the road from the hotel there is a small coffee shop called Johns, lovely breakfasts and do take away food and drinks which can be taken back the to hotel. Not to far to walk to main attractions, Grand Central etc.. Nice Hotel if you are looking for quiet location, but not to far from the centre of Manhattan.	
Nov 28 2008 	Loved the UN Plaza	My wife and I stayed here with two friends for 5 days towards the end of November.We stayed in room 4032 on the top floor of the west tower with amazing views over the ESB, Chrysler Building and the rest of midtown. I cant imagine ANY hotel having a room with a better view!Despite what some previous reviewers have said our room in the west tower was excellent! It was not dated and the bed was very comfy!The bathroom was a tad small and the shower head was a little low but none of these bothered us in the slightest! After all we were in New York for the sights not the high shower head!Reception were very polite and check was swift!Its only a VERY short 5 minute walk to Grand Central for the nearest subway stop.Great Hotel, Great Location!	
Nov 14 2008 	Ask for the EAST TOWER!	I had stayed at this hotel several times before, and always liked it... the rooms I had in past visits were nicely decorated in a modern style, and the views were great. This time was different. Instead of being directed to the elevators between the front desk and the restaurant as in the past, I was sent to a bank of elevators located behind the front desk. No good. Ask for a room in the East Tower. Kick and scream until you get it.My room (3435) had a nice view of the Chrysler Building and the top third of the Empire State Building, but not much more. The room was drab with mostly flesh-tones, and an odd mix of a couple of new things and lots of old stuff. There was a large flat screened TV (nice), and a couple of new table chairs, but these were mixed with an old 1960's looking kitchenette - two burners and a small fridge, but no utensils... like an abandoned dinette set. The peephole in the door was clogged with paper (nonfunctional), the sink drain was stuck in a permanent down position and had to be completely removed so water could drain. The cabinets and doors were old, and there was an oddly small (and quite uncomfortable) armchair... perhaps for munchkins. The bathroom in general was in need of rehab, with a shower head at shoulder height and grout in need of cleaning or replacing.Room service for dinner was not good, except for the NY cheesecake. The &quot;NY Cheesesteak sandwich&quot; was gristly, and the asparagus soup was bizarre. My stomach is still upset.There was no coffee maker in the room and no luggage rack. The bed was the hardest one I can ever remember sleeping on - it was uncomfortably firm. This is not usually a problem for me.Bottom line - I won't stay at this Millenium Hotel unless I can be assured of a room in the East Tower.By the way, I paid $360 plus a variety of taxes for one night.	
Nov 7 2008 	Very comfortable hotel with stunning city views	Stayed here with my daughter while visiting New York for the marathon. The hotel was pricey - but I think that was a busy weekend (and we weren't helped by the pound/dollar exchange rate!). But the rooms were spacious, superbly comfortable, spotlessly clean and incredibly well soundproofed. And the location was great - quiet in the evenings but only a 10 minute walk away from Grand Central, the nearest subway stop and handy for bus routes too. The view from our room was also pretty impressive - looking straight out to the Chrysler Building, with the Empire State to one side.We made good use of the pool which was quiet and very refreshing - and, as others have commented, had another great view over the river and the UN Building.As others have said, there were no tea/coffee making facilities and no minibar in the room. Also, the coffee stand is only outside on weekdays, not weekends. But there is a coffee place just across the road (Avanti I think) and a deli nearby too.We ate breakfast twice in the Comfort Inn (round the block on 45th Street) and it was good. Other friends tried it and John's (even handier) and thought the latter was better.	
Oct 27 2008 	Great Hotel at a Great Price	My husband and I booked a long weekend in NYC in August and stayed at the Millennium Hotel, UN and it was great! We had stayed in NYC in the past at hotels that were nothing like the reviews online, so I was a bit nervous about what we may get. But we were both pleasantly surprised at the hotel as a whole- the staff were very pleasant and kind, the room was clean and extremely spacious, the pool overlooking the city was amazing and the view from the room was breath-taking!!! The valet service was fantastic and the women at the front desk made check-in and check-out very smooth. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great deal without compromising cleanliness and safety.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great find	Spent 7 wonderful days in New York prior to picking up a cruise to Canada and New England.Hotel in a great location with spectacular views.Check in very efficient. Rooms clean and very spacious.Nice little garden area opposite. Enjoyed breakfast at Johns down the road each day but also a great cart just outside the front entrance.Easy walking to Grand Central Station.	
Oct 11 2008 	Very nice especially if you get a good price	Stayed two nights on a hotwire price of $175 which was better than the price of most 2* hotels in NYC. Check-in was pleasant and fast. We were originally given a room with two twin beds but they quickly switched us to a room with a queen bed (#3310) when we asked for something more &quot;romantic.&quot; The room was a good size for NY standards and very clean. The decor was modern, the bed comfortable, the view very nice, although this particular room only had one small window. The only drawbacks were minor: the hall carpeting had seen better days and really should be replaced, the internet access in the hotel business center was pretty pricey ($10 for 20 minutes), as was the charge for local calls from the room ($3.10 for two calls) as we couldn't get cell phone reception there; the shower water pressure was pretty weak and the position of the shower head was too close to the wall so you had to either use the hand-held head or stand right up in the corner to rinse under it; and there was no mirror in the room itself, although a full wall one in the bath - but I found it irksome not to be able to put my make-up on in the room when my partner was in the bath. All-in-all though, it was a very nice ambiance and we would stay there again, especially at such a good price.	
Oct 10 2008 	great hotel	spent 7 days at the hotel in August. we arrived at the hotel tired and travel weary but check-in was quick and we were in our room within 10 mins. The view was &quot;awsome&quot; chrysler building and empire state to the right and the un building and the east river to the left, from the 34th floor this was spectacular at night. room was spacious and clean with comfortable bed and clean bathroom. you get a complimentary newspaper every morning which was a nice touch.Had room service a couple of times, bit pricey but very tasty, compliments to the chef.concierge is very helpful and can get you tickets for almost anything.Only thing is there is no coffee making facilities in the room, however there is a stand just outside the front of the hotel that has fab tea and coffee, and the most delicious pastries.there are a lot of great restaurants in the area, and you are within walking distance of all the main attractions. All in we had a terrific week at this hotel, and would stay there again	
Oct 10 2008 	Its a good value for New York City - GREAT Neighborhood	Hey, this is a fine hotel for an overnight stay or two in New York. I like staying on Broadway in Times Square, but this hotel is just fine and close to the Double Decker Bus tour bus, which is all you really need to get around the city. No, there's no coffee maker and the rooms are a little loud. The room is otherwise comfortable, newly remodeled, and with a good hot shower and nice towels. The beds are great. Yes, the furniture is a &quot;cheap&quot; version of contemporary furnishings, but just fine. The window even opened! Elevators were quick and the staff helpful. This is NOT a &quot;Four Seasons&quot; resort, it is a simple yet efficient place to stay. One of the best parts is the neighborhood. You can walk to all sorts of wonderful restaurants and small markets very close by. Lots of &quot;Fixed Price&quot; dinner menus going on as restaurants compete for your business. Oh, and this is RIGHT ACROSS from the United Nations Building too. If not having a coffee maker is a deal breaker for you, then spend $50 dollars more elsewhere for the same kind of room in the same kind of hotel. For me, I'd rather save the $50 and buy a cup for a few bucks downstairs.	
Oct 4 2008 	Worst bed ever - otherwise okay hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza for 5 nights in Sept. We arrived one day earlier and had no trouble booking an extra night at 2330. The hotel from the foyer was nice and the staff were very friendly. The corridors were a bit drab and the carpet looked old and dirty. The room however looked nice and we had a view of the Hudson River. My main reason for booking this hotel was due to the view and the size of the rooms. The room was much smaller than I expected.The location was okay 2 blocks from Central station and the subway is on the Times Square lineMy biggest issue with the Millennium Un Plaza and the reason why I would never stay there again was the bed. The bed was the most uncomfortable bed that i have ever slept on. It squeaked really loudly with any weight on the bed. I left New York with a very sore back.	
Oct 3 2008	Charged me for a room that I cancelled!	I booked a room at this hotel for four nights. The booking policy says &quot;cancel one day prior to avoid being charged one nights stay&quot; I cancelled the stay and rebooked at a different hotel two months prior to our NYC trip. LUCKILY I got a cancellation confirmation number and printed it out. After I had my trip and stayed at the Residence Inn in Times Square (Awesome, by the way) I got charged for a one night stay at the Millennium Hotel as they said I didn't cancel the stay. Took several phone calls to the hotel and their very unfriendly, unconcerned staff members to get this issue resolved. I did finally get my credit card refunded but ONLY because I saved that cancellation number for three months!	
Sep 30 2008 	great room and view but thats it!!	this is a great hotel - there is a bit of a walk to the thick of things so if you want to just walk out of your hotel and be at all the attractions then this is not the hotel for you!Our check in wasnt great - it was the start of our honeymoon and we had noted this on our booking and that we wanted non-smoking room. Our honeymoon was hardly acknowledged and we were not given a non-smoking room. In fact we were told that if we paid the guy who was checking us in some more money he would give us a nicer room!!!! Needless to say we checked into a ok room for the night. Next morning i phoned to ask to move to a non-smoking room and got a very nice lady who not only moved us to a non-smoking room but moved us into the newly renovated tower. This is the tower with the pool in it - so if your booking try and get into this tower!Rest of hotel was lovely, good breakfast but very expensive if you dont have it included in your room rate.An ok stay but slightly shadowed by the horrible check in to start with.	
Sep 17 2008 	best view in town - that's it!	My husband and I stayed 2 nights in this hotel.It started badly with the taxi driver dumping us and our luggage on first street. My husband left me on the sidewalk with the luggage to get someone to help us with our stuff.He returned with a luggage cart. The guys inside had told him they could not come down to the corner of the street, but had given him the cart - something they weren't allowed to, but did anyways.So we pushed our luggage up the sidewalk to the hotel, where the guys took over. Great!We checked in with a guy who was not overjoyed to see us. He told us he had upgraded us to a superior corner room with the best view, non-smoking.My husband had forgotten to add non-smoking when he booked the hotel (there was no button there, you need to add this in your comment it seems) so he emailed twice asking them to mark our room non-smoking with no reply from them.It sounded nice to be upgraded, so we were cheery. We had also requested a room as high as possible which we did not get. We were still in the lower floors, though it was high enough in the end. Just not what we had specifically asked for.We then went to the elevator and got upstairs. The hallways wiped the cheery smiles off our faces quickly. There was red tape all over the floor, where the brownish carpet had been ripped. We were all the way down the hall and entered our room which was very hot.We turned the AC to its coldest and it did send out cool air, but the window shades had been up all day, so the sun had heated the room up to over 80 degrees - despite the AC. We lowered the shades right away, which helped a little.The view really was pretty good, though to see Empire State Building and Chrysler Building we had to almost lean out of the window - which was impossible, because the window does not open. We had chosen that hotel especially because we saw that you could open the window. It didn't matter much, but, the windows were really dirty, both from in- and outside. I went to the bathroom and was shocked by the state of the bathroom!The sink was sitting inside a glass surrounding, but that was totally cracked! I always feared it would fall apart while I was in there. The big mirror next to the toilet was dirty and chipped on the upper part.The floor tiles were chipped or cracked - at least 50% of them were not in one piece anymore. It didn't happen to us, but on those chipped tiles you can easily cut your foot open when you walk with bare feet.The walls were heavily stained, even some browning liquid had trickled down the wall in one place. Not a big thing, but still: ICKY! Don't wanna know what that was. My husband took a shower - only to bathe his feet almost up to his knees because the drain worked so poorly.The bathroom had no working fan/ vent.For the 2 of us there was only 1 washcloth in total. I called housekeeping and they told me it would take them 10 - 15 minutes at least to bring some up. 20 minutes later I had 3 extra wash clothes. (Not the newest, but they seemed clean.)There is a high headboard above the bed and there was a big thing of dust looking down at me when I was in bed.I was not very happy with the room, so I got out our reservation and found out we had not been upgraded at all! The room we were in was exactly what we had booked and paid for - only thing was non-smoking and that can hardly be an upgrade!In the morning, it got really hot again, even though the shades had been down straight away. I went to complain to the front desk. The lady there never even said she was sorry. I had written a long list of things we didn't find alright and by the time I had gotten to number 3 she wasn't even listening to me. She asked me to leave the list with her to give to the housekeeping manager.That apparently did happen, because the stains had been cleared off the bathroom walls and the windows had been cleaned from the inside. The plug in the tub had been replaced. Of course, the tiles, the mirror and the sink would have needed big time construction and that we would not have liked within our 2 night stay. The dust was also still looking at me. The tip we had left in the hope to get a cleaner room was left untouched. So, all in all there was some improvement, but it was not what we had expected, wanted or had to pay for.My husband checked out and told the next guy at the front desk about all our complaints again. The guy said he was sorry for our inconvenience and said all he could do with the room rate was not charge the internet we had used on one of our 2 days. So that was a big disappointment in the end.The only person who managed to get a tiny smile on our face was Ozzy, because he was really nice and treated us as we would have expected by any one of those people in the hotel. As guests and the people who pay their salary.	
Sep 16 2008 	Great value hotel	Stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza for 2 nights pre-4 Sept departure on the QM2 transatlantic back to Southampton.Arrived at approximately 9pm following a Virgin Atlantic flight into Newark and a car collection pre-arranged with the hotel. Robert, the doorman was fantastic and helped us with our luggage and any other queries we had and was a star throughout our stay. Check in went okay and offered a room on the 36th floor following use of a Travelzoo promotion of $199 per night. Walked into the room and noticed an open suitcase on the floor near the window and immediately called reception to say the room appeared occupied - although did notice the view out the window was great, looking at the Empire State and Chrysler buildings. Reception then gave us an upgrade to a suite on the other side of the building on floor 29 but looking out of that window, noticed there was a huge building site outside, so we declined that room as understood the building works started very early. We were then returned back to the 36th floor into a room 2 doors away from the original one - standard style room but it had the great views of the two main buildings.  Headed out for some shopping the next morning and to do Top of the Rock as we had not done this before and returned back to the hotel for a rest and change before dinner. Had a quick drink in the bar/restaurant near to the hotel - turn right from reception and it's an Italian on the left hand side. Very quiet and had great martinis. Returned to the hotel as we understood that dinner in the restaurant would be served until 9pm. Arrived only to find the restaurant closed. Asked the barman and waitress if this was normal and were told &quot;eat here in the bar if you can find a seat&quot;. We had looked forward to a quiet dining experience and ended up having a sandwich in the bar with a very surly waitress. We were so shattered, we just accepted it as we didn't want to walk anymore with very tired feet. On check out, asked about the restaurant closing times and were advised their literature was incorrect and only the bar snacks were available. With regard to the room, it was adequate for our 2 night stay, the shower water pressure was very poor though. The hotel was within walking distance of major attractions (10-20 minutes) but we don't mind walking and found it easier to do so at rush hour. The views were the best thing about the hotel though. Would stay there again but only if the price was as good as we paid this time.	
Sep 12 2008 	One night stay	Stayed one night prior to joining the Queen Mary2 back to Southampton. Check in was straight forward, asked about a room with a view and we got a corner room albeit with a view of the U.N. and the East River. This room had floor to ceiling windows on two sides of the room. Room was clean, slightly dated fittings as was the bathroom but both were fine for what we wanted and more to the point what we had paid. On the day we left they were installing 40in flat screen T.V.'s in the rooms on our floor. Didn't eat in the hotel, went to John's diner up the street on the opposite corner. It was fine and a good cheap option for breakfast. Not the best surrroundings but perfectly adequate. Did have a drink in the bar and as you might expect it was pricey but it is New York city in a decent hotel. The pricing was about what I would have expected. Some might say it is a little off the beaten track, 20 mins walk to Grand Central and Times Square. Having stayed near Times Square before I would say that this hotel is less noisy and less hustle and bustle outside. We would consider it again as long as the money is right. AuroraUK	
Sep 8 2008 	Fab Views!	We're just back from a stay at the Millenium UN Plaza and we had a great time. The views are fabulous (well they are from room 3830 and 3336 anyway) and the hotel is well situated to see all the sights easily. We didn't eat or drink in the hotel so can't comment on that, but you don't go to New York to sit in the hotel bar do you?? Great deli a minutes walk from the hotel where you can grab breakfast on the go, or Johns Cafe on the corner is good if you want to sit in. We just jumped in taxi's to go most places (once our feet were too tired to carry us) and there was always a cab at the from door of the hotel. You're also near a bus stop for the hop on hop off tours which is handy. The concierge is very helpful at the hotel too and we purchased various tickets through him. Would definitely use this hotel again if we were to return to New York. We got a really good room rate too which helped.	
Aug 31 2008 	Niky 	Hi everybody ,we been in this hotel 6 days &amp; nights and we are very satisfied .The service is great ,the stuff very friendly,the view was huge ,the room comfortable ,the pool not bad .The only one thing was that the hotel restaurant did not work in august:(	
Aug 31 2008 	A tad sketchy at first... but then moved to a great room	i booked the hotel through hotwire and i was a bit leary after reading so many terrible reviews, but upon check-in, the hotel staff were very friendly, polite &amp; helpful. we had a room in the 31st floor of the un-refurbished wing but it was large and comfortable and we had a great view. the only bad thing was that the bathroom had an overpowering odour of urine. we mentioned this to the hotel staff, but even after they had cleaned it, the smell was still overwhelming.we mentioned this again to the hotel staff, and they were extremely apologetic, and they moved us to the 30th floor in the refurbished wing. they even moved all our luggage over for us and the room was beautiful - just like the pictures on the hotel website.my only complaint now is that i received charges on my credit card even though i am sure i did not use the telephone or have any of the food/drinks. i have called the hotel many times, but i have never been able to reach anybody in the billing department, and none of my voicemails have been returned.***TIP***: there is free internet in the little park across the street from the hotel lobby if you don't feel like paying ~$15 a day for internet at the hotel	
Aug 29 2008 	Good deal	Wonderful view from our 36th floor room: river and UN building on the left, Empire State Building almost in front, Chrysler Building on the right.Good position: central enough to walk to all the main attractions, but also far enough from them for some quite strolling at nightExcellent service: clean and spacious rooms and very kind personnel (we had a baby aged 3). If only air conditioning had been a little bit less noisy.....Summarizing: a very good value for money accomodation	
Aug 27 2008 	booked to return but ooohhhh	27th August 2008Stayed here in 2005 in a room on the newer part of the building and enjoyed it very much so when I was returning to New York this year was looking forward to staying at same hotel what a disappointment the room they showed us to was in the newer part of the hotel and on the same floor as we were before the carpet in the lobby had been torn and was mended with plastic tape and the room was oh so tired and grubby looking we complained to reception and were promptly moved to the 40th floor of the older part of the hotel this was no improvement believe me and again spoke to reception staff were extremely pleasant and polite but told us there was nothing they could do as hotel was busy all year round and they couldnt get the time for an upgrade they offered us a complimentary breakfast for two mornings but I'm afraid this did not help out with the standard of accommodation dont believe this should be rated a four star hotel and wont be back there. Patsy Scotland	
Aug 25 2008 	The View from the 34th Floor is amazing	This hotel is amazing, the view from our room on the 34th Floor was unbelievable. We had the Chrysler building and Empire State on our right and the East River on our left. In between was all the Avenues and hustle and bustle, fabulous. The room was spacious and modern, bathroom was modern and clean, the toilet was a little on the low side, but it is the only fault.The room itself was spotlessly clean and tidy, the daily newspaper was a nice touch.The hotel is handy for all of the sights, sounds and smells that is NYC.This was our second visit in as many years, the last time we stayed at the Waldorf Astoria, this hotel beats the Waldorf hands down. Our room price was supposed to be $700, but on Travelzoo I got three nights for less than that, deal of the century, having said that we will be returning and this would be our first choice hotel, even without a deal !! The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and if something did go wrong they went out of there way to correct it and ensure you were happy.	
Aug 24 2008 	It was OK but......	...stayed here for two nights, mid August 2008. First room we were given was on the 27th floor on the East Side and it absolutely stank of cigarettes (reception stated they do not specify smoking or non smoking). Room was very dated. For anybody that doesnt know there is another building being built next to this hotel, on the east side of the tower and its height is currently around the 25th floor of this hotel meaning lots of workmen noise from the early hours and throughout the day. Due to these problems we asked for change and we got a new room for the second night on the 37th floor on the other side of the building. On this side of the building the views were fantastic, especially at night. The room was alot better than our first one although still dated. The hotel food is expensive like everything else in New York so we didnt eat here. This could be a great hotel if it had an internal revamp. Location is good near Grand Central although its a bit of a walk to other subways. From the hotel you can walk within reasonable distance to the Chrysler Building, Empire State, Central Park and Times Square.Overall not a bad hotel, however a few problems as above.	
Aug 24 2008 	Nice Hotel with great views	Hotel: The location is good, not great. It's four blocks to the nearest subway station (Grand Central) which has a market place and food court. Since it's close to the UN, there is plenty of security, some with dogs. Have pool on 27th floor, didn't get a chance to use.Surrounding areas: Near the Chrysler Building (Lexington &amp; 42nd); United Nation (1st Ave); Fifth Avenue; Diamond District (47th &amp; 5th); Grand Central; Rockerfeller Center; Empire State Building is further down on (5th and 34th). It's two blocks from the Rachel Ray show. Rooms: Larger than most hotel rooms in NYC. We had a nice view of the East River (East Tower is the refurbish tower). The hotel starts after the 27th floor, so I'm sure all the rooms have nice views of the city. The King bed was comfortable, there is a couch under the window. The bathroom was nice and functional, two average person can fit easily. The toilet ran all night. Safe inside a small walk-in closet. A large flat screen TV. No coffee maker, minibar and snack baskets were expensive. There is a convenience store down the street, get your drinks and snacks there. Coffee cart outside the hotel for a quick breakfast.Staff: Overall very courteous staff. We arrived in the morning, our King bed room was not ready, but they offered us a double, we wanted the King, so we asked them to hold our luggage and return after 3 p.m. We asked for a quiet room not near the stairs or elevator, but right outside our room was construction...crane and all. We didn't complained to the hotel because the construction crew started work at a respectable time (7 a.m.). We thought the hotel should have told us before hand, so beware if you're a light sleeper.Eats: Plenty of restaurants in the surrounding areas. John's Cafe on 44th; Cosi's; Riki Japanese Restaurant on 45th and various bars, pubs, coffee shops and a few nicer restaurant nearby. We didn't eat at the on-site restaurant Ambassador Grill.Price: We booked directly with the hotel, but found the deal first from Travel Zoo for $199 per night. We stayed for four nights, with taxes it was under $920.Transportation: Buses run on 1st and 2nd near the hotel. Get your unlimited daily or 7 day unlimited metrocard ($25) for buses and subway. but not the AirTrain. Plenty of taxis near hotel if you need one. The nearest subway is Grand Central Station.We took the Airtrain (JFK) to the hotel. Airtrain and subway to Grand Central was approm. a little over 1 hour. Take Airtrain to Jamaica Center, than take subway &quot;E&quot; to 51st &amp; 6th; transfer to &quot;6&quot; to Grand Central (asked attendant for assistance to your destination, they were very helpful). Buy the Airtrain ticket from the ticket machine, it's cheaper than buying it from the guy who owned the store. there are MTA agents to assist. Cost using Airtrain/Subway to Manhanttan was about $7.00 per person. Cheaper than the $55 (including tax and toll) taxi ride for two people. If you're planning to take subway, ask for a free map at the airport information booth before you depart the airport. The map is really helpful. The hotel also will have brochures of area maps and destination. If you didn't bring your own.Overall the hotel was a great find, they held our bags until our evening departure. Nice sitting area, elevators were efficient and fast. A small gift shop is available near the lobby. The concierge was helpful. We didn't have to wait long when we checked in or out, or for our baggage. Yes, I will stay here again.	
Aug 21 2008	Almost fantastic	I picked the Millenium UN Plaza primarily because of its close location to the city centre and the many good reviews on TripAdvisor.The hotel reception is very nice, all staff extremely polite (with the exception of 1 of the porters).The room was HUGE, and the bathroom was the biggest Ive ever seen in a hotel Ive stayed at. I had a corner room (room 3940) and so had stunning views on 2 sides of the room through the floor-to-ceiling windows (see my pictures), directly overlooking the East River and part of the city.The bed was very comfortable too. My only complaint would be about the age of the facilities in the room. The TV, the light switches, the telephones, the air conditioning and the temperature control all look like things out of the 1980s (Im not kidding) - they have clearly not been replaced in many years and really let the room down. Aside from that, the room was great.The swimming pool in the hotel has great views through the windows, although it was freezing cold! Maybe the heater was not working the day that I went there.The hotel is a 20 minute walk from Times Square, which I found perfect as it was not too far to walk yet was far enough away from the business and noise that Times Square attracts. The nearest subway station is about a 10 minute walk away.Overall the Millenium UN Plaza is a great hotel, and would be perfect if they just invested a little money in updating the facilities in the rooms.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great views!!	My family and I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. The location was great as only a 20 minute walk to 'Times square' and many other great sites! The rooms were plenty big enough. My son's room was overlooking the Chrysler and Empire state building...the view was fantastic! Great hotel would stay there again.	
Aug 19 2008 	Ok hotel	We stayed two nights at this hotel and had a pretty good stay. Pros:- Nice indoor swimming pool with excellent view of the city- Joes diner for breakfast (located at the corner of 44th street/2 ave)- The room was very clean- Comfortable bed- Minibar with great selection of drinks and snacks- Friendly and helpfull staff- We had a nice view ofer the river. I would think that the rooms facing towards the city have a really great view as wellCons:- decor (tacky lobby with black tiles, mirrors + gold) and the room felt like Ikea- dated bathroom and toilet that did not work properly- expensive wifi ($13 for 24h. It was also very slow)- location. Grand Central is within walking distance, but even though we do a lot of walking when on holliday we thought the walk to the closest subway was too far. It took quite a long time if you in the middle of the day wanted to stop by the hotell just to drop of some shoppingbags or whatever.As already stated, we had a good stay, but the cons are bigger than the pros. Especially the location does that we will not stay at this hotell again.	
Aug 18 2008 	Overall A Great Place To Stay!	Overall, we found this to be a good place in downtown Manhattan. The location makes it easy to access the subway system at Grand Central. The staff were unwaveringly friendly and the concierge gave some excellent food recommendations. We had a cityscape room and the views were nothing short of spectacular. Overall, we would recomned the place, There were a few small problems. The first was that we were not asked if we wanted a smoking or non-smoking room. The room we got had clearly just been occupied by a smoker and REEKED of stale cigarettes. It was bad enough that my wife picked up an air freshener for our room when we passed by a CVS on the first day. The second problem was the lack of hot water. The two of us were on the 37th floor and whenever I whoever showered second always got a pretty lukewarm shower. Finally, avoid the breakfast buffet unless you have money to BURN. it is really tiny (four chafing dishes of eggs, potatoes, and bacon and a couple cheese/fruit plates) and they do not tell you the price in advance--I was SHOCKED to spend $60 for two people to eat a buffet that most restaurants would charge $10 for on a Sunday morning. If they had told us the price in advance, we would have laughed, left and grabbed a bagel around the corner.	
Aug 16 2008 	Love the big apple!	We stayed at the Millenium Un Plaza in New York for 4 nights. The hotel is in a great spot and is very clean. The only down side was that our daughter was on a rollaway which wasnt great for a teenager and the restaurant doesnt open in the evenings in the summer. However, on the plus side, nothing is too much trouble for the staff, the hotel is spotless and the bar offers excellent food.We didnt have breakfast at the hotel, but John's Cafe at the top of the street on the corner of 2nd Ave offers excellent food and is good value.We also had an excellent meal in the Grifone, which we thought was some on the best Italian food we've had. This was on 46th St between 2nd and 3rd Ave so was very easy to walk to.	
Aug 11 2008 	Solid choice in Midtown East	We only stayed for one night and did not use a lot of amenities, so I am not able to comment on the WiFi internet availability, etc.The staff at check in was very courteous and we were given an upgrade to a suite. The suite was two level and we had huge windows on both levels with the views of the river and the boroughs. The carpet was worn and overall the hotel can use the makeover in the hallways and the rooms. The elevators were working fine and the hotel did not seem to be overrun with people. There were always cabs available outside the hotel and the bellhops were very friendly. We stored our luggage there the next day and they don't charge for this service (unlike some other hotels in Manhattan like Hilton on Ave of Americas). The checkout was very smooth. We used express checkout on the TV and then just dropped off the keys in the lobby. The entire process only took 5 minutes and there was never a long line in the lobby to see the reception staff or the concierge.I very likely to return to the Millennium UN Plaza especially if we get the same great rate through hotwire. Overall value for price ACheck-in process AQuality of service BQuality of bed, furniture CRoom cleanliness BCondition of TV &amp; lights C	
Aug 8 2008 	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights in early August.We were given a room on the 34rd floor - with great views to the East River and also the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings.The room was huge! King size bed and large walk-in wardrobe. There was also a sofa lounge under the large window.The room was clean and tidy, modern furnishings - although the bathroom is a little tired. It seems they've renovated at some point, but our bathroom was a little mouldy etc - but nothing too bad.The location is a little out of the way, but we don't mind walking so it didn't bother us. It is 3-4 blocks from Central Station so is great for catching the subway.The views are magnificant and really what makes this place special. The rooms are very quiet, we heard no street noise or any other noise. Keep in mind to put the 'privacy' note on the door unless you like being woken up early by housekeeping :)Pleasant staff, quick check in and check out process. We were very happy with our stay. The only thing that we would have appreciated is free internet, given this hotel is quite expensive we thought it may be included in the price but you can buy it for a 24 hr period for $13.Very enjoyable stay overall.	
Aug 8 2008 	Good location 	We stayed at the UN Plaza during a tour of the US and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We were given a corner room (after a small mix up with our reservation which was sorted out fairly quickly) on the 30th floor with a brilliant view of the river. The bed was enormous, the room was extremely clean and well equipped and the AC was a welcome break for the extreme heat during our stay in NYC!! All the staff were friendly and helpful. It was a very enjoyable stay!	
Aug 5 2008 	Terrific weekend stay	I got an excellent deal for this place on Hotwire. No complaints at all. The walk to the subway is about 3 blocks away (Grand Central Station), and if you happen to get a room on the upper floors, the view is divine.	
Aug 3 2008 	Room with a view	This hotel is in a great location, within walking distance to grand central station, 5th Ave and Time Square. The staff were very friendly and helpful.I think all rooms get a view and that was one of the reasons we chose this hotel, we had a great view of the New York City skyline from the 30th floor. The pool also has great views of the city.The room was a good size as well as the bathroom. We had a walk in wardrobe with lots of space. The room was also very clean and modern. The Millennium Plaza Hotel was also great value for money, we would stay here again!	
Aug 1 2008 	Great but...	This is an extraordinary hotel --- because of its fantastic views and very clean rooms. But: we were quite diappointed by its renting policies: we (2 adults, 2 teens ), arrived at 10.30 pm and expected to get our reserved room, were seriously given a king size for the four of us. We had confirmed two twins.No way to stay in a king size with four people for three nights.We were told, they´re overbooked and the only rooms left were suites for an additional 200,-$ per night. At that time of the night we didn´t have an other chance than to accept, but ...	
Jul 31 2008 	What a plce!!!	Stayed for 4 nights in July, loved it. Had a room in the 32nd floor, great view of the city. Room was very clean, large size, had a sofa, mini bar, large bathroom with shower, everything we needed. Didnt try out the tennis courts, but did the swimming pool. Such a weird feeling swimming at looking out from the 27th floor, was amazing.Only down side was the location, was a fair walk to a lot of the main attractions, which was ok to start with, but really drained on us by the end. Try to stay in West Tower, some building work outside the east.Look out for offers, i got $130 off a night	
Jul 29 2008 	some like it hot !	Well after looking at reviews for the last three months it was time to finally go and put it all to the test . We were in the west tower which from th 38th floor gave us a view of the empire state as well as the river. I had asked for a city view but this was not possible or we could move at a later date.The bathroom still had the hairs from the previous occupant on the floor but apart from that the room was spacious and in a pretty good condition. As i was sharing with my 16 year old daughter we needed twin beds and this limited our choice of room , apparently .The staff were ok rather than over efficient or friendly and you always thought the bell boys had an ulterior motive for showing their enthusiasm but all in all the hotel was above average and ideal for a 5 day stay, who wants to stay in your room in N. Y. ?What made the holiday was the whole NY experience, the noise, heat, people , taxis , cars, buildings, lights, shops you name it round the corner was another experience !!!!A couple of my favourites were times sq at night, the jersey boys broadway show, the water taxis, staten island ferry, Sean john shop on 5th, i could go on the memories keep coming back.So to finish the hotel does its job but your trip will be made by the rest of the things you do, so dont worry about the hotel enjoy the rest of what you do. Plan a bit but not too much the excitement is the spontaity of the place i would sleep in a box to go back again!ps . dont be shy about using the concierge a few dollars invested in a tip with them can make things a lot easier the older guy was better than the younger one but a few dollars to them was a very good investment.And remember dont let a few hairs spoil your trip !!!!!!!!!!!WE DIDN't AND ENJOY YOURSELVES KEVIN X	
Jul 29 2008 	Great value for Manhattan	I picked this hotel after weeks of reading reviews on this site and others. I decided it offered the best value for money for what I was after and I wasn't to be disappointed. Upon check-in we were upgraded to a corner room on the 30th floor. I had read much about NYC hotel rooms being on the small side but our room at the Millennium Plaza was very spacious. But the main thing about the room was the views - WOW! We had great views over the East River and over Midtown as well. The room was modernly decorated and within easy walking distance of Grand Central Station and the subway. Like others have already done so I would recommend John's Cafe for breakfast and there is also a great 24 hour deli/store on the corner of 44th and 2nd. My main gripe is that when you are paying $300 a night for a room you would expect to have free internet in your room. This was not the case and we were charged $13 a day for the privelege. During our time in the States we had stayed at other more basic hotels which offered free wifi in rooms. In fact, of the 5 hotels we stayed at in total the Millennium Plaza was the only one which did not offer free WIFI. But all in all for the views and size of room you get for your money, I would say, that by NYC standards anyway, the UN Millennium Plaza offers great value for money and I would certainly stay there again and recommend the place to family and friends.	
Jul 27 2008 	Not that soundproof	I got an excellent deal through Travelzoo (219 USD with a breakfast) and stayed in Millenium UN Plaza for 7 nights in July. We got a very spacious superior room on the 36th floor with a wonderful view of the river and the city lights. The room was very comfy and clean and we liked the modern Scandinavian like design.Everything seemed perfect untill our neighbors (three guys in their mid-20s) arrived. We could hear everything from the next door - even their normal conversation. We woke up at 1 AM, 6AM etc. when they came back. Unfortunately the hotel was fully booked and thus we could not change our room. Also, by our surprise, the traffic noise coud be easily heard even though we were on the 36th floor. So if you're a light sleeper, bring your earplugs! The hotel is four blocks from the Central station which we did not mind until the last days - if you're staying for a week you might get fed up with the distance and the time it takes to get to your destination. Also if you want to drop your shopping bags in the hotel during the day, the location might not be the ideal one.I prefer the Millenium Broadway because of the location. I have never had any issues with noise there either. However, with a similar deal as we had I would stay in UN Plaza again and spend the saved dollars in shopping:)	
Jul 25 2008 	Good price great hotel	I got a great deal via LastMinute.com with this hotel and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. It was clean (spotless), the staff were pleasant, great midtown location, luxurious rooms with great views. Very safe, great concierge to help you with dinner reservations etc and there are cabs any time outside. Best of all was the bar tender in the bar downstairs - great guy with loads of stories about (unnamed!) dignitaries from the UN that have stopped by over the years. Look out for special coupon deals that the hotel runs - we got a discount voucher for Macy's when we stayed, and there were other seasonal deals too. Only downside, and very minor, was that the reception desk can get busy and you might have a short delay when checking in.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great Value NYC Hotel	We spent the weekend at this hotel and had a great experience. The location is great. It is across the street from the UN building. It is close to Grand Central Station and wonderful bus routes. The Hotel staff was friendly and very helpful. The room was clean and the view of the river was grand. I think this hotel provided a weekend stay in NYC at a great value price.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great views	Nice location. Just a five minute walk to Grand Central station and a fifteen minute walk to Bryant park and fifth avenue. Even though it is not in the center of attention it is a great base for exploring New York and the eastern parts of Midtown if you do not mind walking. Good service and housekeeping. Spacious rooms with spectacular views. Had a view towards the east river and city. Also had a pool and sauna which we used every day. Really no downside to the hotel and with affordable prices we would recommend the hotel.Try the breakfast at Johns on 2nd.	
Jul 13 2008 	Terrific experience. A great affordable hotel	We had a fantastic experience at the Millennium UN Plaza. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They let us use the minibar as a fridge for our own drinks/supplies. The housekeeping did a great job. Incredible views from the 30th floor. At night, I'd just gaze out the windows at the beautiful skyline below. 2 adults and a young child (8) in a standard room, and there was plenty of room. Would definitely return.	
Jul 13 2008 	Mixed experience	Stayed two nights in the Millenium UN Plaza with my girlfriend just after 4th of July, and it was a mixed experience. When we first arrived, we had to wait almost an hour to check in, and the staff were impolite. There were around 20 people in the queue, and it seemed like the hotel just couldn't cope for some reason (this all happened around 3 in the afternoon - the check in time).When we eventually got our room, it was a bit strange - it was curved around the elevator shaft on the 34th floor, and was a very unusual shape. It did however, have a nice view of the Brooklyn Bridge and the south eastern side of Manhattan. We actually had two rooms, as a relative was also staying in the hotel, and we swapped with them to take a bigger size room, which oddly was given to the person on their own, rather than to the couple. This room was a bit nicer, and had a King Bed. But the odd thing about the hotel was how old everything seemed. The bed was really soft (too soft), the TV was ancient, and the fridge positively Jurassic. There was also a leak under the sink, which I mentioned to the check in staff on the way out - this was duly fixed, but for some reason, the message had also been confused into them thinking our safe was broken, so much to our surprise, next time we returned to the room, the safe had been locked with a different code to the one we set it with. A maintenance man came up and explained, but it was all a bit odd. After that our stay at the hotel was ok, but overall I was left with a disappointed feeling. The decor and customer service just was not up to scratch in the room. And the decor in the lobby was just unbelievable, all gaudy mirrors and black counters.As for whether the location is too far out, it's borderline I suppose. I have to say I would have prefered to have stayed a few more blocks centrally, but that wouldn't be the main thing I'd complain about in this hotel. Not terrible, but not great.	
Jul 9 2008 	Wonderful stay at the UN Plaza	We stayed on the 29th floor and has a fantastic view of Manhattan (Chrysler building v nearby, lovely view of the Empire state etc) and the East River / Queens etc. Friendly staff, lovely breakfasts and clean, comfortable rooms with a huge bed! We booked via hotels.com and chose the option with breakfast, however we weren't told on arrival that we needed a voucher for breakfast every morning, but this was sorted out for us fairly promptly. We were close enough to everything without being right on Times square (which was a bit of a mad house to be honest! We were glad to be away from all that). I searched for ages trying to find the 'right' hotel for us - I'm happy to say that we were very pleased with this hotel. We're in our late 20s and it was just right for us, though some may feel the hotel is a little bit 'corporate' for their tastes and may want something with more character. But this is NYC and we wanted the whole sky scraper, fab room thing so it was perfect for us.	
Jul 4 2008 	Would definitely recommend	We stayed at the UN Millennium Plaza in May/June 2008 for 4 nights and couldn't fault it. The building itself is a huge soaring skyscraper which definitely made you feel like you were in New York straight away, especially as it was our first trip. We had asked for a room with a view of midtown after seeing some of the photos of the amazing views on tripadvisor and we weren't disappointed. We stayed in room 3520, on the 35th floor, and had an amazing view that took in the UN Building, Lower Manhattan in the distance, and the Empire State Building and Midtown. I could lay in bed and see the Empire State Building - who could want a better view?! The room was a 'Deluxe' room I believe (although I'm sure we only paid for a standard) and had a nice, modern decor. The receptionist was always friendly and helpful, as was the concierge the one time we required his assistance. Some reviews have commented on the hotel being a bit out of the way, but it was only a few minutes walk from Grand Central, and we found the area a refreshing respite after the hustle and bustle. And there were lots of places to get food close by, including an indispensible 24hr deli at the end of the street! My only reservation about staying in midtown is that we found it a very tourist-oriented area, so looking for any sort of cool bar scene or nice independant restaurant usually meant having to go downtown. But having said this I would definitely recommend the Millennium UN Plaza, especially for a first visit to New York.	
Jun 28 2008 	Horrible Experience	What a nightmare. My wife and I are from NYC originally, but currently living in the midwest. Neither of us had stayed at the UN Millenium before, but my brother works at the UN and said that he had heard positive things about the hotel so we decided to spend part of our honeymoon there. Big mistake.There are two towers: one is old and in disrepair. It has not been renovated in decades. That is where our first room was located. Immediatley upon entering the room we were shocked at the condition: old, stained carpet with burn marks and the duvet cover was stained as well. The bathroom light fixtures had mutliple breaks in the glass and the bathtub was stained and chipped. When we called the manager was &quot;not available&quot; and the assistant manager claimed that they were fully booked and could not move us until the following day -- to the NEW tower. They don't publicize this dirty secret, but the support staff we spoke to explained the fact the that there are two towers, one recently renovated and the other a dump that has not been touched in decades,When we got to our new room, the tub was covered in some dark, foul filth -- it appeared that the pipes may have backed up. We called to have it cleaned and in 1/2 hour someone arrived and cleaned the tub. He also corroborated the fact that there are two towers and that the hotel has a history of poor service.The front desk staff and manager could care less. Do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel. There are too many alternatives in NYC.	
Jun 25 2008 	Big Apple Greatness	My husband and I stayed at the Millennium UN last October for 5 nights. The room was nice - clean - great view. The bed was extremely comfortable. Shower pressure was super. The hotel was quiet - we heard no traffic noise or noise from other rooms. The pool is not huge - but very nice. The fitness room had easy to use challenging equipment with plentiful towels to wipe off after a rigorous work out. The view from the pool area was awesome. If you loved the movie 'Conspiracy Theory' you will recognize the smokestacks you can see from the hotels higher floors. The hotel is located in a quiet area and it is easy to get anywhere you want to go. Close to Grand Central Station. We had a great time and would visit this hotel again.	
Jun 24 2008 	Have been staying here for years	My husband and I first stayed at the UN Plaza back in 1986 (we were living in NYC at the time and wanted a weekend &quot;getaway&quot;) and have returned countless times since then. Now that we have two kids in tow, we appreciate the relatively spacious rooms, the fun skyline views, and the swimming pool more than ever. Yes, the decor could use some upgrading/updating and the rooms themselves are fairly standard issue, but trust me, &quot;standard issue&quot; is larger than most of what you'll find elsewhere in Manhattan at this price point. We have stayed in many, many, MANY postage stamp sized rooms for what you'll pay here. While it's true you don't visit NYC to hang out in the hotel room, with four of us sharing the room, it helps to have the space. Many of the staff have been around for years and have always been kind and helpful to us. I find the location very convenient and generally quiet. In the wake of 9/11 and given the proximity to the UN, security has been increased quite a bit, which at times can be disconcerting. Don't bother with the hotel restaurant -- it's dark and feels like a cave to me. We'll be back next time we're in the city!	
Jun 21 2008	A Gem in Need of an Update - But Still Great :-)	This hotel was selected by our office travel person (must adhere to Gov't rates) but I read reviews and was prepared for everything! Robert - one of the hotel bellmen/outside attendants, was absolutely wonderful remembering our name and greeting us by name each time he saw us. He was a wealth of information on great eating places, directions, etc. We hugged the night before we checked out! The view was spectacular - particularly at night. I don't think you can get a room with a bad view at this hotel - and the window opens!!Now to the not so good :-( The room, although large and comfortable, is certainly dated and lacks many of the features that are standard in the hotel industry today i.e., no flat screen TV - the one in our room was old and not working properly when we arrived, bathroom has seen better days (cracked floor &quot;tiles&quot;, sink fixtures leaked, water marks in the toilet bowel, marginal cleanliness and large portions of the enamel missing in the tub. My person annoyance, no in room coffee maker or ice machine on the floors. There is PLENTY of room (what looks to be custom-made wide deep shelving space right outside the bathroom with nothing on them but 2 glasses) for a small refrigerator/microwave and coffee maker in those rooms. They really need to bring it up to date. They have a gem there and their staff are all very nice, helpful people. If you go there - tell Robert &quot;The Grants&quot; said hey :-)	
Jun 21 2008 	Enjoyed the Millenium	We stayed 3 nights at this hotel after a 3 night stay at the Millenium Broadway. The first part of the trip was pleasure and this part of the trip was for business.The Millenium UN Plaza was a much more pleasant experience with a couple of minor annoyances. We were on the 40th floor of the West Tower and had a stunning view of the Manhattan skyline. The room was large and attractively outfited. Housekeeping did a good job of restocking the room each day.Like the first Millenium, the bed was way too hard and the TV was old. I can't believe they can't upgrade to a flat screen with the rates! I also missed a coffeemaker here, but understand that's not the niche they want.Our rate included breakfast buffet in the Ambassador Grill each day and it was well-appointed and delicious. Service was excellent in the restaurant. The area does not have as many dining options as other parts of Manhattan but we were fine every night except one night returning late from the Yankees game. We returned shortly after 10 pm and reasonably priced options nearby were all closed.We ordered room service and although pricey, the food was tasty and service was prompt.	
Jun 21 2008 	Fantastic	Fantasic hotel. Big room with an amazing view. Friendly staff. Great location. Close to some nice restaurants on 2nd Ave and relatively close to Grand Central Station. Definitely stay there again. Also, a fantastic diner on the corner of 2nd and 44th - the end of the street called John's. Great breakfast at a reasonable price and great staff.	
Jun 18 2008 	Incredible view makes this place the best	The rooms are large, for New York, and nicely furnished. But you stay here because every room has fabulous view of the Manhatten skyline. The hotel is in a nice, fairly calm area. Yes, it's a few extra blocks to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, etc., but they are all in walking distance. It's very easy to get cabs and it's a nice neighborhood to walk in. But again, the real reason to stay here is your get a big, nicely furnished room, for a decent price, with as good a view of the skyline as there is.	
Jun 17 2008 	Wonderful stay at the Millenium UN	We stayed her last weekend for my daughter's 7th birthday. Our purpose for visitng the city was a visit to the American Girl Place. I chose the hotel maily because it had a pool and my daughter and her friend definatly think that is a highlight of a hotel! We were able to check into our room early (around noon), the front desk was very friendly and helpful, finding us a room on the highest floor available so our views were guaranteed to be amazing (which they were). We were room 3512...the room was very large and modern, there was a comfy sofa with lots of pillows, huge closet and big enough bathroom. The views were in fact wonderful.....The girls spent alot of time just looking at the sights outside of the window...it became even more spectacular after dark. When we went back to the room to take a break, we had enough room to spread out and each have a space to relax.The pool is on the 27th floor and although small, not many properties in Manhattan have pools to begin with so we were satisfied. The pool also had great views on 3 sides which were windows.The lobby is very pretty, the hotel staff was helpful and definately friendly and accomodating...we all had a wonderful time and I would definately stay here again.	
Jun 14 2008 	Good hotel in a good location	We booked two rooms at the Millennium Un Plaza through Expedia. The hotel is located on 44th Street and 1st Avenue so not quite in the heart of Manhattan but still in a very good location. 10 mins walk to Grand Central, probably about 20 to Bloomingdales and 25 to Abercrombies/Tiffany/Central Park etc.We were greeted by the doorman who helped us inside with our bags. Reception was efficient rather than friendly but all the bell boys were very helpful and friendly.Our rooms were on the top 38th floor so we had good views facing the Empire State building. The hotel has two towers and our rooms faced partially onto the other tower. However all windows have reflective glass so you have complete privacy. The rooms were good sized with plenty of space. One room had a king bed and the other twins (as requested). Although the rooms were booked on seperate bookings, the hotel had put us close to each other. I'd emailed them to request this.The bedroom was lovely - very comfortable and clean. The TV had a range of TV and pay movies. A desk and chair were provided as well as a sofa. The only negative point about the room furnishings was the lack of a mirror. Two mirrors were provided in the bathroom but this meant that one of us was held up getting ready while the other used the mirrors for make-up and hair.The bathroom was not as nice as the bedroom. Nothing wrong with it other than it needed decorated - rust around the door hinges and cracked ceiling plaster. Minor points and otherwise the bathroom was clean and tidy. Again a good size room with a good shower. Toiletries provided (by Gilchrist &amp; Soames).My one gripe is about the air-conditioning. It's good but noisy. I don't sleep well in noisy rooms and the first night I struggled to sleep. After that it was fine but I don't know whether this just affected our room or was generally the case throughout the hotel.The hotel was busy with tourists from all over the world and airline crews use it as well. It has a tennis court on the 37th floor and a spa and pool on the 28th.Checking out was smooth and both the bell boy and door man went out of their way to make sure we got a SUV taxi back to JFK. They were both really friendly and gave the impression that nothing was too much trouble. The doorman even remembered that we'd been there 6 nights and were from Scotland. We hadn't spoken to him since our arrival!We didn't try any of the hotel dining facilities. I'd recommend John's deli on 44th and 2nd and Bully's on 44th and Lexington. Both excellent for breakfast.	
Jun 10 2008 	Good but not remarkable	We stayed for 4 nights at this place on the back of the great reviews on this site. In summary it is a perfectly adequate hotel for what we paid, and the views are brilliant. The height also helps keep the traffic noise to a minimum. But apart from that there isn't anything else that particularly stands out. Its what you would expect from a city 4 star hotel.We had to move room on the 2nd day as we were next to a building site which started up at 7am in the morning. This was handled well by the hotel who moved our stuff for us whilst we were out. However the new room did have a bit of a cigarette smell to it. The quality of the room was 3 star in terms of finish (a bit rough around the edges) and 4 in terms of size. The staff were good and helpful at all times. The location is OK, good for GC station subway, but a probably a little too far east. Next time I would probably try and stay more downtown or in the meatpacking district as that seemed to be where we spent most of our time.	
Jun 7 2008 	Great Hotel!	We stayed for five nights in this hotel. The room had a side by side beautiful view. Everything was clean. We were near to Grand Central Station. In the counter ask for Barry, he is always willing to help. Ask him for room 3015. The bellhops alse were always willing to help in getting cabs and addresses information. We certainly highly recommend this great hotel.Judith I. Quinones &amp; Jose Galarza-Rodriguez from Puerto Rico	
Jun 5 2008 	Millennium UN Plaza Hotel is great!	The Millennium UN Plaza Hotel is a great place to stay in NYC. Right in Midtown East, close to Grand Central Station, the Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, and so much more. This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel and I was impressed the first time. The hotel staff was wonderful, we got to the hotel around 11:30 am and check in isn't until 3:00pm, but our room was ready- which was great!!! They also made reservations for us at a restaurant close by, and made sure we were treated well. The bellhops are always willing to help to get cabs, and any transportation issues.The rooms are very modern and have a cool New York feel to them. The bed was very comfortable and the room was always clean. Our view was spectacular- we could see the Empire State Building, the UN Buidling and the Chrysler Building. At night the city comes alive and our view was great!!! We had Sunday brunch at the Ambassador's Grill (the restaurant in the hotel) which was a little pricey, but very good. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a great deal and a cool place to stay.	
May 29 2008	If you want a hotel with a view...	We booked this hotel after reading a few reviews and after a friends daughter's recommendation.We had 2 rooms on the 33rd floor, from opposite sides and therefore managed to get a good ariel perspective of New York. The views from both rooms were simply stunning.The walk to Grand Central Station was 7 mins direct, although on most of our stay we stopped off at John's for breakfast, ,just on the opposite corner. The times we did resort to a taxi (to Times Square) the fare was only $10 including tip. So for a family of 4 a taxi was very cost effective.As others have said the rooms need updating, but are clean and offer large accomodation. The beds were very comfortable. As a brit the downside to the hotel was that it doesn't have tea &amp; coffee facilities in the room. We can recommend the corner shop, 1 minute away open 24 hours a day and it supplies the most wonderful collection of coffees and croissants for that early morning fix.We didn't try the hotel food so can't comment on that, but the bell hop looked after our suitcases on the last day and was a most charming man. Quite frankly, he should have been on the reception desk because he was by far the most charming member of staff we had contact with.The swimming pool is worth a look even for those not interested in swimming as it gives views of New York in 3 directions.Overall a goodish hotel in a reasonable area with good access to the city.	
May 27 2008 	Great Stay	i ended up getting the Plaza Hotel through a &quot;name your price&quot; bid on priceline and it turned out to be excellent. we had a beautiful view of the east river, empire state building, chrysler building, and south east manhattan. the hotel has a tennis court and pool on the 37th floor with an amazing view. the room was big enough and everything with clean and tidy throughout the hotel.my negatives, hotel parking was $46 a day, which isn't too expensive for NYC but I called ahead to find out the price of parking and I was told it would be $30. We were not allowed to carry our own bags, forced to use the bell hop for &quot;safety reasons&quot; (aka money reasons!), and internet was $13 a day. but all in all, amazing view which was worth the price alone.	
May 15 2008 	Average	Fairly good location as tourist, but feel it is more of a business hotel. The concierge was friendly and knowledgeable of the local area and recommended some nice places to eat.The hotel room was nice and spacious, but felt it was let down by the dated bathroom. If you can get a good deal, then well worth staying here.	
May 15 2008 	It Worth it!	After a full month of Internet searching, we finally choose Millennium UN Plaza. I must say that I was quite anxious about the sincerity and the accuracy of the reviews, but since my first priority was the best possible views over the Big Apple, Millennium UN was the top rated Hotel that fitted to my personal budget.So, this 2 night stay there was an absolutely superb experience! Starting from the reception guys, which were always polite, friendly and available to answer to any kind of question you might have and not only this, but also able to become your personal NY entertainment guide person! Thank you all!The room was large (anyway, I couldn’t expect something less than that for a Superior King), clean, but a little bit dated. From the other hand, who cares about the decoration, when you have this awesome, magnificent, superb!!! views all over your room and even in the bathroom’s window!!! The views were so stunning that it was hard to drag ourselves away from the hotel! Unfortunately, we had only 3 days in NY for walking around, so we had to leave the hotel for many hours during the day and the night, although it was a very hard decision to make!The Grand Central Terminal was only 5 minutes of walk and the area was absolutely safe!I conclude by saying that anyone who wands to watch Manhattan’s Skyline from his room or his bathroom, must stop searching! There you are: Millennium UN Plaza Hotel! Off course he/she must take into consideration that the price for these views are quite expensive (~$400/night) for a superior king, but YES it worth it up the very last cent!!	
May 9 2008 	best views ever	We booked a superior king at this hotel after reading the reviews on this site. We wanted an amazing view of the city and that is exactly what we got....we were given a 'corner' king room on the 37th floor with an unbelievable view of the city -Empire State Building, Chrysler Building etc outside our window -totally breath-taking. The room, which was supposed to be a superior king, and was really large, had a great shower and a very comfy bed. The hotel does have two sides/buildings, one facing the river and one facing the city. I was lead to believe that the river views were the superior rooms (more modern, newly decorated) but we were given a city room view. The room and furniture was dated, and not like the picture on the website, but the view was fantastic. Who goes to NYC to stay in their room away?.....Room service was good, but pricey as always, we found a fantastic deli, round the corner, on 45th street (Armish Deli) which sold fab fresh fruit, bagels and pizza, so ate there. The internet was charged @ $12 every 24 hours, which was also quite expensive but cheaper than the phone. Would advise as a place to stay if you want those fab views.	
Apr 29 2008 	OK Hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights and although the Reception area is quite plush the overall standard of the rooms are very 60's. Initially we had a room on the 30th floor and the actual room was big but very dated. We had a tiny window so we asked to be moved. We were then on the 37th floor and we had a suite which was much better. This hotel is a little out of the way for us, but you can easily get a bus into the main part.There is a swimming pool right at the top which is OK.We initially stayed at the Westin in Times Square and that was far superior than this hotel.As I said, it was OK but probably wouldn't stay there again.	
Apr 28 2008 	Fantastic Location and views	Wow.....we had expected great views but when we got there they were fab! Staff were great, concierge very friendly and helpful. Gym could do with some updating especially the free weights, but again views were excellent.Breakfast food was great and of a good quality.	
Apr 24 2008 	Good hotel excellent location amazing views!	I spent two nights at the Millennium UN Plaza in March, which I booked through a British online travel company (Airline Network) at a cost of £120 per night, room only.Check-in was fast and efficient. I presented my hotel voucher as payment for the room, my credit card for any incidental charges and requested a room with a high floor with a view of the city. The member of staff was very friendly and helpful, allocating me room 4032 on the 40th (top) floor. After I had checked in and was heading out into the city, the same member of staff addressed me by name as I passed through the lobby asking &quot;how do you find the view?&quot; - very attentive!The room was far larger than I had expected with ample space to move around. Despite the room being slightly dated, everything was clean and tidy. The television was probably 20+ years old, but it worked well with a good selection of channels - I wasn't in New York to watch TV! The view (particularly at night) was just breathtaking - the Chrysler Building and Empire State Buildings both clearly visible.The bathroom was clean, but showed signs of age, and I had to call somebody to show me how the very old shower worked - that's never happened to me before. Everything worked though, and there were lots of towels, toiletries, etc.I found the hotel location to be excellent - right next to the United Nations meant it felt very safe, with police and security patrols. Grand Central Station was a short walk away (five minutes or so) and I found that most places I wanted to visit were withing walking distance - the Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Macys, etc. could all be reached in 20-25 minutes.Check-out was quick and easy and I was just charged for the telephone calls I had made - or so I though! When I got back to the UK, I realised that my credit card had actually also been charged for the room in error. When I called the hotel to report this, they rectified the problem very quickly and the incorrect charges were promptly refunded.I would definitely stay at the Millennium UN Plaza again. It was an excellent base to explore the city from, and was very impressed by the view from my room, the helpfulness of staff and the room amenities. I guess, though, to keep up with other hotels in the area, they will need to look into renovating the rooms in the near future, updating the bathrooms, etc.	
Apr 23 2008 	Good NYC base	We stayed in NYC for 4 nights at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel 2 weeks ago. For some reason we were placed in the Hudson river view room even though we requested the city view. The staff moved us on our second day to a city view room which was certainly worth it. The views are fantastic of the Empire states and Chrysler etc...Generally the rooms were clean (thought the first room was a little tired in appearance) Room service was expensive so we avoided that (Fantastic Cafe 2 minutes round the corner called Johns Cafe) We used the pool, which is always a bonus in a city hotel. It also apparently has the only indoor tennis court in New York City.The location is 10 minutes walk from Grand Central, 5 minutes from Chrysler, 15 minutes from Empire state. We did in fact walk to 5th ave one day so everything is pretty much in walking distance. The UN building is literally opposite.Thought the bar staff were a good laugh, Jeffrey and the chefs, they certainly looked after us.All in all i would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 20 2008	Security Nightmare	We arrived at the Millennium Un Plaza following a long haul flight from the UK late evening. Our booking was for 2 adults plus one 9 year old child. We were shown to our room which provided a King Size Bed with a very dirty Bedspread upon it. I requested a replacement which was only marginally better. The replacement took sometime to arrive and the rollout bed promised, was not delivered to our room at all. Not a briilliant start but something we could hopefully rectify the following morning. Unfortunately things went from 'bad to worse'. The main reason that we had chosen this Hotel was because of the indoor pool. My daughter was extermely keen to explore all the Hotel facilities and I accompanied her just after 7 am on the first morning. Whilst we went to look at the pool my husband was going to take a shower. We went back to the room to be shocked and fearful to find a young man sat on the bed. He appeared to be in a very vunerable state and I could not understand who he was I why he was there. What he did however tell me was that the Hotel had provided him with access to our room whilst my husband was in the shower. Until I arrived back to the room with my daughter and raised the alarm my husband was oblivious to the intruder. We immediately called Security and the gentleman that arrived at our door was indeed the man who had earlier let the stranger in the room. This incident frightened my daughter and she did not want to stay at the Millennium Hotel any longer. I was extermely unhappy with the actions of the Hotel and concerned for the safety of the young man so requested that they notify the Police of the incident. This notification to the Police was not carried out by the Hotel but left for me to undertake. The Hotel Manager agreed to arrange for a transfer of Hotels and we moved accordingly. This incident including packing meant that several hours of our first day In New York were wasted. The Hotel had stated that this 'mistake' was due to new Computer system and that this guy had infact been registered as a guest albeit he had already checkout. The Hotel Manager and Director of Security promised to send a follow up apology by email and that this would be availble upon our return to the UK. This incident happened 3 weeks ago and we have not received any correspondance. Fortunately the Hotel we moved to offered a greater sense of professionalism and we were able to convince our daughter that it was safe to stay in New York.	
Apr 20 2008	Fab Time	We have recently stayed for a long weekend in the UN Millenium Plaza. We had a great time although at first we were given a room with 'not much of a view'. After asking to be moved we got a room on the 40th floor and were not disappointed. The staff were lovely &amp; very helpful, also the hotel was in quite a central position and taxi's seemed fairly cheap, the hotel to Time's Square was around $5.50. Would recommend this hotel if staying in New York.	
Apr 19 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We arrived at the Millenium only to be turned away on the 1st night as there was an overbooking. They handled it well and the next day we were treated to a wonderful dinner in The Ambassador Grill which I would recommend for great service, at Breaskfast also. Our room was very spacious and the view of New york's skyline left me awe-inspired if not a little giddy...To find a pool, tennis court and spacious rooms in New York, now that is a rare find....Close by - Oyster bar at Grand Central Station (7 min walk) try sampling some Oysters. If brave try the Oyster shot!	
Apr 10 2008 	The best Hotel we ever stayed in.	We had never been treated to wonderful in our lives. This hotel treats you like royalty from the desk to the doorman. We were so spoiled by the entire staff we did not want to go home. I would recoment this place to anyone. Thank you very much New York and the Millennium UN. We will return.	
Apr 5 2008 	Not very clean not very friendly	I booked this hotel for one very important reason - they have kind of not too expensive parking charge (about $40 per day which is good for NY), and they said that I CAN OPEN A WINDOW in the room. Honestly, this is very important to me, I cannot stay in the room with the sealed windows, I get completelly sick, so I always call to the hotel before I do any booking. Anyway - out of all Manhattan' hotels I chose this one ONLY because they promised that I wouold be able to open a window ( a little bit!). Well, it was not true. When I came - they were very friendly, and they pre-register me at 10 a.m. assuring me that my room will be ready by 1 p.m. It was not true either. It was not ready even at 3 p.m. (official check - it time). I was able to get my room only at 4 p.m. It The building looks nice from outside, and the lobby is nice too, but inside - you feel like you are walking Ramada hotel. Not very nice, not very clean. The room has very limited furniture, you feel that one little table at least is missing. The beds are noisy and not comfortable, shaking on the high legs. Don't expect any nice pillows either. Everythign is minimized, but - SURE ENOUGH - you have that expensive mini-bar with the key, so they can charge you more. The toilet is not clean, the actual toilet has dirty stains all over, the water from the sink is leaking, and the water in the shower does not go away. The view howere is terrific, but the window is sealed, you cannot open it so you stay in the air-conditioned room without ay fresh air, and after a night sleeping in such a room your head is heavy and your nose is stuffed, and you have slight cold flu symptoms. I came to the reception and I talked to the Manager Marcos who said that they have other rooms where the window can be indeed open, and he said that they will move me. But = guess what - they did not. WHen I came to the reception again - Marcos was not there, but there was some other girl, and she was rude, she was rolling her eyes like I am asking for a moon from the sky, and she did not even apologize, thus .. it was not very nice. The hotel is full of children, It looks like thay are haveing some group deal overe there, but you do not expect to be right in the middle of the high school when you pay so much for your stay. You feel like you are camping with the bunch of boyscouts. If you do not mind it - sure you can chose this hotel. If you do not mind rude stuff - sure you can chose this hotel. But if you prefer to get a decent service for the money you pay - stay away, this is not a good place. And even your wonderfull view from the sealed window does not help. I also asked for some help to book some tourist tours - and received no assistance. The restaurant is of low quality and sure enough - overpriced. You do not mind to pay more for a good food in NY, but when you pay $60 for piece of meat you expect it to be a good piece at least - but it is not. The food was of Dennis' quality. I would say - this is 2 star motel in a body of high glass building, that's it. THe only advantage is - the location. It is really comfortable. You are right in the middle of Midtown, easy walking distance to everything you want to see in NY.	
Apr 4 2008 	Perfect	Stayed at the Millenium for 6 nights, between 20 and 26 March. We had booked two triples ( for six adults) but on arrival they upgraded us to a two bedroom suite!!! It was amazing!! It was on the 38th floor, west tower, with perfect views both to the city and towards the river. The decor is a bit old, but the rooms are really spacious, as well as the bathrooms and the living-room. And the staff is so nice and always willing to help in whatever you need ( info, getting cabs; etc). The hotel is located in a calm part of the city, but just a 7 minute walk from the subway station. We really liked the location and the area is calm and safe. On our way to the visits, and just three or four minutes from the hotel, we could find a lot of places to have breakfast. It was just perfect. Next time we visit NYC we would really consider staying there again. The views you get from there are a real treat. We definitely recommend staying at the Millenium.	
Apr 2 2008	views are terrific	The Millenium Plaza ,One United Nations, is an excellent hotel for views.Just got back and stayed on the fortieth floor !! Hotel is spotless, rooms are big, and whilst it is a bit further out this means the hotel is very quiet.	
Mar 28 2008 	Fantastic hotel	On arrival the staff were friendly and when we asked to see another room to compare they were more then obliging. and sure enough we got one of the best rooms in the hotel!! as a corner room we had a fantastic view of the empire state building on one side, and the river on the other. it was cleaned well everyday and we had no problems at all. the reception staff helped us with advice on where to go and reservations. instead of having breakfast at the hotel (which was expensive), we went to a authentic american diner just at the top of the street which was lovely! and as the hotel was away from the hustle and bustle there was no problems with noise at all.sighseeing: would reccomend hiring bikes in central park. great way to see the whole park in 2 hours, especially on a fantastic sunny dayrestaurants: the Marriott Marquis revolving restaurant was amazing! although expensive we had a lovely meal, and they even arranged a special birthday dessert for my mother at no extra cost. a perfect birthday meal. also recommend going to korea town and sampling a korean barbeque where your food is cooked in front of you by the staff.	
Mar 22 2008 	Another excellent stay 	This was our second stay at the UN Millennium Plaza. We recommend you book direct with the hotel and ask for 'In House reservations' rather than the call centre. They are very obliging &amp; helpful. We chose a superior room in the refurbished East tower, but were upgraded to a Junior Suite, free of charge on arrival, which has the advantage of a lounge &amp; 2 bathrooms. Like most NY sensibly priced hotels, this is not ‘posh’ but it is clean, spacious &amp; comfortable with the friendliest staff you could wish for. Ideally located opposite the UN, it is in a quiet spot, but only 10 minutes walk from Grand Central Station &amp; 15 mins to 5th Ave. We did not eat in the hotel, but turn right out of the front doors and head for John’s Diner for a super breakfast &amp; you will be treated like friends and quickly feel like a ‘native New Yorker’. There is a super deli a few doors away &amp; Fabio’s Italian restaurant, two doors from John’s Diner is superb.	
Mar 17 2008 	Amazing Views!!!	We have just returned from an amazing 5 day stay at the Millennium U.N Plaza Hotel. On arrival at check in I asked if there was any chance of a larger room as we were travelling with our one year old son and with cot, pram etc would definetely need more space. Barry at reception was very helpful and after a few moments said he would give us a complimentary upgrade to a larger room with kitchen!! When we arrived at our room we could not believe how large it was and although it may have been a bit chintzy and the kitchen was what you might call &quot;vintage&quot; by NY standards this was something special. However, the best was yet to come!!! We had arrived in NY to torrential rain and so had not even been able to see the famous skyline driving into the city. We opened the curtains in our room and could not make out where the ESB and Chrysler building were until the clouds suddenly moved and there straight infront of our window was the Chrysler building all lit up and the Empire State Building. It was one of those hairs standing up on the back of your neck moments!! We also had a east river view as we were in a corner room and could see the UN building and river.We also used the hotel pool during our stay - again great views.It was my fifth visit to NY so had seen all sights before but did Central Park, Staten Island Ferry, Wall St , South Street Seaport and loads of shopping!!!! Amazing discounts to be had at Century 21 . To anyone who is thinking of taking a baby, toddler to NY go for it. We were treated really well by everyone and even the taxi drivers were friendly this time. We ate breakfasts at some amazing delis and nowhere was there a problem with a baby.My liitle boy loved all the fuss and enjoyed the zoo in central park and loved seeing all the yellow cabs. In all a fab holiday and would highly recommend the hotel, fab staff, great location only 10 mins to Fifth ave and above all absolutely stunning views. We will def be back!!!	
Mar 17 2008 	Loved the UN!	Me and my girlfriend stopped at the un plaza for 5 nights in march we had a fantastic time as with most people we stopped for the views we got a room in the east tower in a classic style room which is one of the new style rooms very funky and modern we had a full view of the united nations and could see the empire state from our bed and the chrysler to the right of the window im sure there are better views in other rooms but you may not get as good room decor etc, the doorman robert was a star any directions needed places to eat or drink was very helpful as they all were i nfairness, the only problems we encounted was as we dont own a credit card the guy on the reception barry demanded a $100 a night deposit incase we used the mini bar i felt this was very unreasnable as we had no intention of using these facilities never mind best part of £250! he said we should use our money we had brought to which i said no that is for our holiday not a stupid room deposit in the end he took $2oo which we got back at the end, the other was my partner had an elergic reaction to the bed sheet we asked reception on the 2nd night if it would be possible to get a cotton sheet they said someone would be up to our room 4 nights passed never heard a word which i thought was very rude,the location aint as bad as some say as long as your fit and you can read a map its well within reach of most attractions,overall a very nice place to stop and visit!.	
Mar 7 2008 	Warm reception amazing views great hospitality	Our party of 6 have just spent 5 jaw dropping days at the UN Plaza. The first thing that hits you is the warm welcome you recieve from all the staff, the second thing that hits you is the VIEW and it really does hit you, It's just what you dream New York to be. To wake up to the wonderful red sky at sunrise with the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building staring back at you makes you want to stay in all day and just gaze at the sight! The sunset is even more breathtaking . The Embassador Grill has a lovely lounge bar and the staff are 1st class. We didn't eat at the restaurant as we had reservations at Gordon Ramseys, Rainbow Grill and River Cafe. For breakfast we wandered down to Bullys (on the same street) its clean, tasty, fresh and cheap. The Gym is small (who cares?) but adequate and the pool is an experience (27th floor) it really wakes you up!. I would also recommend the River Cafe, Brooklyn - top class food, views and staff.	
Mar 5 2008	Highly recommended	This hotel is large but with friendly staff, large clean rooms and an excellent swimming pool at the top of the building.Beside the UN building it is fairly central and around 10 minutes walk from Grand Central Station. My only criticism is that the breakfasts (not included in the hotel room rate as usual) were expensive but like other reviewers we dined out at Johns a local diner with lots of local character.	
Mar 5 2008 	Loved the UN Plaza	We stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza from 22 December 2007 for 5 days. Our stay was amazing!! Although the hotel is located somewhat further away from main New York attractions than others you, are only 3 blocks away from Grand Central Station. The subway network is fantastic and saves so much time and cash in relation to travelling around the city. Get a subway pass - it saves so much time in the station - no queuing for tickets etc. We arrived at the UN plaza and were upgraded to a room on the 38th floor (thanks Barry!). The room was spacious, bed was massive and comfy and the views were amazing!! Looking out of our window, the Chrysler building was only a few blocks away!! Mini bar prices were a little expensive but there are a few local stores where you can stock up on goodies etc. We had Christmas Day lunch in the Ambassador Grill and this was totally awesome. 2 Hour sitting with all you can eat buffet and bottomless glass of champagne. What more could you ask for!!When I return to New York, I will book another room at the UN Plaza - the place was amazing and the staff so helpful. Can’t wait to return!!	
Mar 3 2008 	Great location good hotel	This is a great hotel. I watched the sunrise over Brooklyn from my room. The room was a good size and very comfortable. Some of the fixtures and fittings could do with a bit of TLC but overall it was fairly clean though I wouldn't say it was spotless. I really liked the location you are about 10 minutes walk from Grand Central station, 20 minutes tops to the Empire States building and you can easily walk to 5th Ave (always important for shopping). I didn't eat at the hotel so can't comment on food. As a base for a couple of days in New York I can't fault it.I would definitely use this hotel again. The gym is also usable for a work out and not just a token gesture. The pool on the 27th floor is worth a look as well.	
Feb 28 2008 	The UN-Surpassed Millenium UN Plaza	My partner and I changed to this hotel after reading the reviews and viewing members photos on this site. We had originally booked the Gand Hyatt. First of all I'd like to thank all the reviews we read they were excellent and provided an accurate account of this hotel. The negative ones we came across, I found were just niggles and you would get these at any hotel whatever the cost.We arrived at about 11:00 and although check in wasn't until 15:00 we were able to get a room straight away. From the moment you walk in until the time you leave every member of staff we met were very friendly and always greeted you with a smile. Enough of that... let me tell you about the hotel itself.This hotel is located right next to the UN Plaza, offering superb views of the East River, the City Skyline or both. In order to get both you have to ask for a corner room. As the location is just outside the centre the views you get are fabulous (just look at the photos I have provided). Now before you start to think that you are a fair distance away from anything, you could walk to Grand Central Station in about 10 minutes. It was far enough away from the noise but close enough for convenience.The rooms start on floor 29 (i think) so no matter which floor you're on the views are amazing (we were on floor 29). We had read other reviews and when we booked the hotel we specified a high floor in a corner room, manners go ALONG way in the states.We got to our room and when we opened the door our jaws dropped, not only at the view of the East River and City from 2 walls of windows but at the size of the room itself, by Manhattan standards it was large! We booked a standard kingsize room, which was about the cheapest room there was for 2 adults so it wasn't that we'd paid extra for this amazing room.The rooms were cleaned daily, fresh towels and the bed was made etc.. If you happened to still be in the room, the maids would ensure your room was cleaned later, they don't push you for a tip but then neither do any of the staff.There is also a gym for all those get up and go type people. I can't give any details of this, I prefer to walk and exercise that way. There's a pool on the 26th floor but again the same reason applies for the lack of details.I could go on and on complementing this hotel but i'm conscious of the length of this review already, so if there's anything else you want to know just send me a message and I'll do my best to reply :)If you're still unsure just look at the photos I have provided, they will take your breath away. Hope to hear from you soonChris &amp; Dawn	
Feb 24 2008 	Exceeded our expectations!	Stayed at this hotel for 7 nights.This review is a little late arriving but hey, better late than never. :-)My partner and I swapped to this hotel at the last minute from the Grand Hyatt. (fab decision)We arrived around 11am and check in was not until 3pm however, we went to the desk to ask if they could hold our luggage. Much to our surprise they gave us a room key and checked us in at no extra cost.We had previously emailed the hotel to ask if we could have a room on a high floor. (rooms start from floor 29) When we were given floor 29 we were a little disappointed but we thought we'd have a look anyway. Upon entering our room both our jaws dropped! The room was huge by Manhattan standards. It was a corner room with windows all the way around. We could see the UN building, the East River and a complete city view. It was amazing!!! The room was cleaned and serviced every day. Fresh towels, toiletries etc. The staff were great and never hassled for tips.We never used the restaurant but we did use room service for one of our evening meals. Quite pricey and maybe a little on the slow side but certainly nothing unexpected in a large Manhattan hotel. Very tasty though but not something you'd do every night.Situated on 1st Avenue it is a 10 minute walk to Grand Central Station. Close enough to the attractions but far enough out for a little peace and quiet.Overall we had a wonderfull stay, the hotel and service was excellent and we would definitely return.TIPS: There is free wifi in the hotel lobby so DO NOT pay for it in your room.There is a 24 hour Deli just up from the hotel.For breakfast try John's cafe just across from the Deli.If there are any cheesecake lovers out there you MUST try Juniors, there is a counter in Grand Central Station.Another must do is the Circle Line 3 hour cruise from pier 83 12th Avenue, which goes around the whole island of Manhattan. Make sure you sit on the left side of the boat.Book as many things as possible online before you go to avoid timely queues.Enjoy.	
Feb 23 2008 	fantastic base	A friend and I booked to stay here for six nights, for our first ever trip to the city. I was a little concerned by the frequent mentions of distance in to the main 'hub' of new york, having read some of the trip advisor reviews. Yes it was maybe 6 minutes walk to Grand central station, maybe 17 to Empire State and just over twenty to Broadway. But to us that really wasnt a problem. The walk opened our eyes to a lot of sights we might not have seen, it was nice to come back to a base slightly out of the hussle and bussle, and most of all the view was just fabulous! So dont let distance put you off.We were on the 34th floor and had wonderful views of the ESB, the chrysler building and much, much more. We found staff to be helpful and friendly, and the room size very good. Perhaps a kettle in the room would have just topped it all off, but not sure if this is usually the norm or not in the states anyways.Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.... and the VERY handy plaza deli just up the road!!!	
Feb 14 2008 	Nice one night stay	I'd like to give this hotel 3.5 stars if I could... I enjoyed the location, the size of the room and the views from the hotel. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. The room itself was large, but showing some signs of wear. Had breakfast in the dining room. The breakfast was expensive and not very good - we just had muffins and bagels - would have gone elsewhere in search of good bagels if it hadn't been so cold! I would probably stay here again if the price was good.	
Feb 14 2008	Loved it!	What a great hotel. The rooms are clean and well equipped. The staff are freindly and always there to help with a good place to eat or go. What a great view. We could se the empire state building and the Crysler building too. and its only a stones throw away from the sights. I would recommend this to anyone.	
Feb 9 2008	Good hotel - ideally situated in NYC	Great hotel - ideally situated, about 5-10 minutes walk from main attractions. Only stayed there for 3 nights so didnt really use alot of the facilities - staff very friendly and welcoming.	
Jan 29 2008 	A fantastic weekend	My friend and I came to new york to celebrate our birthdays. It was really the best time ever. The staff at the hotel were curtious, and very helpful. Nothing was too much trouble. Our room was a standard on the 38th floor, it was lovely and clean, and the beds were extremely comfortable, constant hot water, and a great shower, to wake up and see the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building was amazing. The prices of the mini bar and the basket of goodies were very tempting but expensive!! The hotel was 10-20 minutes away from anything, times square, grand central station etc,. We can reccomend the diner under the bridge and opposite grand central station they do the most fantastic pancakes, and they even keep topping up your coffee at no extra charge!!!! I would also strongly recommend the sightseeing tours, (guys in yellow or red jackets) and do one of the tours we did the $80 tour and it was value for money, empire state, statue of liberty, nighttime bus tour etc..The guides on the buses are brilliant. Just a tip for tipping, the norm seem sto be 10% for bad, through to 20% for excellent. There are so many great restaurants, you will have no problem finding a good place too eat. Last point, if you are ok with heights, I would strongly recommend a helicopter ride around the statue of liberty, this was breathtaking, the views were awesome!! We would definately return to this hotel....	
Jan 28 2008	2nd Time around GREAT!	Wow...Great value for the hotel and location. Quiet and great weekend get away....Ran the NYC half Marathon great place to crash..before the race with my wife. Room ok but the view of the empire state building and downtown with the east river...Priceless.	
Jan 28 2008 	Ok hotel though expensive	Stayed in this hotel on our first visit to New York. On the 38th floor overlooking city and had the most wonderful views. Thought the room was a little grubby eg fancy bedcover (which we threw off every night) was very dirty round the edges, and the kitchenette area was rather tacky! Otherwise the room was fine. Not a fault of the hotel, but United Vacations had booked this trip and we were supposed to have a triple room but what we got was one king sized bed - apparently this hotel does not have triple rooms. So my 16 year old daughter had to sleep on a fold out bed. The hotel were good about getting it set up and she said it was comfy but I was rather peeved as we had paid a lot of money for the trip. The location was fine for us as it was a rather quiet street. However, having visited several US cities since, I have learnt that in those places where you are out all day sightseeing, such as New York, you can get away with cheaper accommodation (so long as it is clean and comfortable).	
Jan 28 2008 	Great Hotel	My Daughter and I stayed here from Jan 18-23. We were on a shopping trip and to celibrate her 40th Birthday. Booked it via Midashotels .com , got best price for a standard room We were given a 2 bed suite on 38 floor. The view are spectacular After a previous stay in Millennium Boston in Nov 06, rooms were awful. We were given an upgrade to be used on our next trip to US. I cannot thank Janet Suncar ( Boston ) enough for arranging it . Also Mark Irgang and his staff at UN for making our stay so good. Would stay here again, only two blocks from Grand Central Station.We went to John' s Diner and Palm Too on recommendation of other travellers reviews on this hotel. Both great. Went to Club 21 ( Jockey Club) on my Daughter's Birthday, booked via website and did celibration package, very good. Did lots of shopping. Went to Woodbury Common via Expess Trails day trip 30$ each. from Penn Station. Much better than getting a bus from Port Authority. Don't get shuttle bus from JFK, try to get too many people in felt unsafe. Get a taxi, all have set price now.	
Jan 25 2008 	UnPlaza won't return again	We had stayed at this hotel the year before and had a reasonably ok time. This time we found several problems and issues.We had to move room due to noise levels at night , impossible to sleep on the first night.The room they moved us to had a problem with the AirconditioningThe swimming pool was out of action.The main problem i have with this hotel is that when i checked my bill, after i left the hotel there were several calls to Spain and other numbers that had nothing to do with us. It took a while(weeks) to get to someone who could do anything about this and then it took additional time(weeks) for them to refund my card. I wonder how many other guests have had these types of charges appear on their bill and not spot them. The hotel's only execuse was that maybe the phone lines were swtiched. I asked them to put in writing what happened and they haven't done so. I would be seriously concerned about anyone staying here is the future	
Jan 25 2008 	Loved the Hotel - Fabulous Views and Pool	We stayed at the UN Millenium Plaza over Christmas week 2007 and it was absolutely perfect. When we arrived I asked for a room overlooking the city, but we were given a massive corner room overlooking the river. The room was lovely but I wanted to see the Empire State and Crysler, so I asked if we could change rooms. This was done for us straight away and we ended up with a 32nd floor room overlooking the city and had perfect views of the Empire State and Crysler. The view was amazing, especially at sunrise and sunset and we took some really good photo’s from the room. The room was large and had everything we needed, including a sofa, safe, hairdryer and a kitchenette with fridge, which came in very handy to store my Juniors cheesecake in, as it took me 3 days to eat it!!The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly, especially Karine at reception and also the concierge.The pool on the 27th floor was great and had lovely views of the city and was good to relax in after a long day of walking and shopping. It was about a 10 – 15 minute walk into the heart of Times Square, although it gave us chance to see things we wouldn’t necessarily have seen otherwise and also we could get a muffin or a donut on the walk. I would definitely stay here again, mainly for the views, size of the room and the swimming pool. It was also a reasonable price for Christmas and would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 23 2008 	Enjoyed my stay	I was thrilled with the last minute deal I got though Priceline this last weekend. I had a large modern room on the 32nd floor. The bed was very comfy and the view was great. It was actually much larger than I expected after reading about hotels in NYC. The location isn't right in the middle of everything but that was fine for me(about 2 blocks to Grand Central). I didn't have any issue with the tipping as other reviewers have written - I found everyone to be friendly and helpful.	
Jan 22 2008 	Top Notch	We booked a last minute stay at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel in January 2008 through Priceline for $125 plus taxes and was not disappointed. We weren't looking or needing to stay in any area in Manhattan in particular, so this location worked well for us.The hotel was very nicely appointed with a pleasant modern lobby and commons areas. We were given a king room on the 31st floor of the east tower, with a beautiful view of Manhattan, overlooking the East River, the UN, the Chrysler Building, and the Empire State Building.The room itself was very nice and quite large by New York City standards. It was also very tastefully appointed in modern decor, with a separate bar area, sofa, mini-bar, good size closet, plus all the usual amenities. The bathroom was also good size too.The hotel is a long 2-1/2 block walk to the nearest subway stops, in Grand Central Terminal, but wasn't too bad at all. There were always cabs waiting out front if we needed to get anywhere by taxi too or if the weather was bad.Definitely recommended, especially if you want to stay around midtown east.	
Jan 18 2008 	My return visit still a great hotel	I returned to the UN Millennium last month, asked for a west view, was told that the room would have it; instead it faced east. I wasn't in the mood at the time to go back down and ask for a change; so I stayed. It was in the west tower (I had stayed in the east tower last year, with great city views) in a newly refurbished corner room, which looked great, so I really couldn't complain. I find the location, views (including a gym and pool on the 27th floor), size of rooms, staff, cleanliness and price make for one of the best deals in the city. I'll be back in 2008.Also, I received a nice letter from the G.M. regarding my stay and said that my preferences would be kept on file for my future stays.	
Jan 12 2008	Cant fault it but tipping expected too easily	Good hotel , location not great but ok .Concierge very helpful but front desk a bit awkward.Bar prices OTT.Room was big and great view but bus tours dont start unril 10 am in the area.Would stay again though as on the whole a good experience.	
Jan 10 2008 	Carried away with New York	We stayed here in October 2005 as part of my Birthday present.I had never been to America before never mind New York and was not accustomed to the tipping aspect of Stateside life, thus I was a little annoyed when I was glared at by the doorman who held the door open for me while I struggled though with my bags after not tipping him! That aside the hotel is really nice. Clean, in a good location. Friendly staff (not so much the receptionist who acted like she was doing me a favour taking my money!) but the Bell Hops, bar staff &amp; eventually the doorman were all friendly types who were pleased to share their knowledge of what’s hot and what’s not in NYC.One small gripe was that as it’s the UN building there are no subways under it so you needed to walk or get a cab. Since Gulliani however walking at night in New York is not a worry anymore and is a nice way to see the city. I would stay here again but might look to be a little nearer the action in say Times Square or further into Manhatten	
Jan 7 2008 	Black Mold	For those folks who have allergies, or a compromised immune system, I would be careful at this hotel. There are quite a few of the rooms in the &quot;new&quot; side with black mold on the front of the a/c-heating vent. This can tell you that there is a lot of it on the inside, and it has nowhere else to go. Blackmold can really make you sick, and I told the front desk that they have a severe problem. I changed rooms three times. You will know that it is there the minute you walk in because it smells musty. Other than that the location is great. I would guess you can do a lot better though.	
Jan 5 2008 	Fantastic!! Couldn't ask for more!	Stayed between 24th-27th Nov 2007. Enjoyed every minute as this was our 1st time in New York. The views were out of this world, this was an extra bonus for us. Great location in easy reach of main attractions. Friendly staff, easily a 4 star, would highly recommend and return to this fabulous hotel.	
Jan 4 2008 	Excellent View and great service	Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. I had requested a corner room when I made the booking and when checking in, the person behind reception made a special effort getting us that room. Stayed on the 38th floor with a beautiful view over the city. The room was a good size and well decorated, with the king size bed being very comfortable. As for the location, the hotel is in a relatively quite area but sights like the Empire State building, Grand Central, Times Square are within walking distance. The subway is easily accesible from Grand Central. I have to say that the quiet location was a relief from the crowds around Times Square. We didn't try the restaurant or bar in the hotel, as there were a lot of restaurants in the direct neighbourhood. The concierge was extremely helpful in giving us recommendations.	
Dec 24 2007 	Nice hotel price was right!	Got the room for 175 USD on Priceline. Requested a corner room upgrade. View was great even though the weather was average.Had to take room service on our first night. Pizza, fries and Coke for 40$... Expensive, but comparable to other 4-star hotels.The staff was very friendly, especially Karine at the front desk and Ed the bellman.Location was good. Taxis to and from the airport, and walked most of the trip.	
Dec 15 2007 	Lovely Hotel with lots of Characters!!!	Well what can I say after reading some of the Americans reviews I was really worried about this hotel.But it was lovely from the minute we arrived the doormen Robert and Frank were so friendly. The receptionist were lovely they even got us a fridge delivered to our room!!!We stayed on the 36 floor and were upgraded to a suite with an amazing view of the Empire State Buildiing and 2 toliets!!!Ok some of the walls could do with a lick of paint here and there but it was very clean and the beds were very comfy.The bar wasn't that expensive and the bartenders are very funny!!Every morning we got coffee and donuts from the stand right outside the hotel and took it to the room it was great coffee.Johns diner at the top of the street is very good, and I would highly reccommended Palms 2 restaurant at the top of the street take a right, they do amazing steaks and lovely atmosphere.We had an amazing time in New York, we couldn't believe how safe it is, don't be worried about taking the subway its fine, and its quicker then the taxis as they get stuck in all that traffic!!!I cannot wait to go back to New York and don't forget ladies &quot;Canel Street in Chinatown is were to get all those bags and copies of everything, if they haven't got it on display then just ask :-)!!!!We would definatly go back to the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel again the views and service are ace.	
Dec 11 2007	Great as a base for shopping !!	I have just returned from this hotel and I would happily stay there again. I have been to New York 6/7 times shopping and the room we had this year (3838) was on of the best we have had ! The rooms was larger than other rooms (ie Hyatt @ Grand central) and the views were the best ever right over the Empire State and Crysler building. I have stayed in this hotel on business so asked for a great room with a great view on booking and it worked ! We only used the room for a base for shopping and it was perfect for that. Would happily stay there again as got a great deal on last minute.com !!	
Dec 4 2007 	nice stay but some issues	We stayed six nights at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel. The front desk staff was very nice and helpful at the check in. We got a remodeled room and an upgrade to a superior room (we booked standard). We had a nice view from our room but you kind of had to be close to the window to see the Chrysler and Empire State building or you had to lean out in order to take a picture of them. But we liked our room and the view very much. We were located at the 30th floor and after sleeping two nights very well (beds are very comfy) a crackling noise started and woke me up in the middle of the night. It was so loud that I couldn't get back to sleep and I ended up using earplugs. The next day we asked at the front desk what this could be and they told us that we probably just forgot to turn off the ac. But we checked everything that night and it was not the ac. In the evening we asked if somebody could check this noise out in our room since we could still hear it. The maintenance guy stopped by and said this crackling noise is the wind and the hotel received a lot of complaints about that recently. The noise got much quieter the next nights and we didn't bother to ask for another room. The concierge helped us with a restaurant reservation at a very nice Italian restaurant. The only real complaint I have is that I asked several times to get a clean comforter (there was a big stain on ours) and after asking four times and they never changed it I was sick of it and just gave up. Another not very nice situation we had was at the check out. The lady who was helping us asked me to fill out a survey. I told her we are in a rush but we would be happy to fill it out and mail it in or do it online. She responded very rude that this is not an option and grabbed the survey from me. I was very unhappy with her reaction and how she treated me during the entire check out procedure. I have to say that you can forget the ladies at the front desk but the guys are very very nice. They always asked us how we like New York and our stay at the Hotel. If we asked the ladies at the front desk (as I asked for a new comforter) they always gave me the impression that they are really annoyed by our requests and treated us disrespectful.  We liked our stay at the Millennium though we had some issues but I am not sure if I would return. Location was great just 10 minutes to Central Station and Fifth Avenue.	
Dec 2 2007 	Fantastic Views	Booking here was worth it for the views alone as rooms begin from about the 28th floor. We were doubly lucky because we got a corner room. The rooms themselves are fairly average (although we were in the newly renovated rooms) but in this hotel it really is about the view, the view and more about the view. In addition to that, we also found the front desk staff to be incredibly helpful and friendly. Full points. Very satisfied customers. We will be back.	
Nov 30 2007 	Beautiful views! Horrible food!	My husband and I just returned from a weekend getaway to NYC. We were pleasantly surprised with how beautiful the hotel is and how pleasant the staff was. The concierge was more than helpful with recommending things to do and giving us directions. The room was nice and the view was absolutely goregous; we could see the Chrysler Building and the Empire State Building. My only complaint with the room was the bed. It squeaked so loud with just the slightest pressure. We had a hard time sleeping due to our bed and hearing the bed next door. Do NOT get the breakfast buffett. We were very disappointed with the quality of the food and very upset over the sticker shock....$65 for two buffetts! Other than that, we had a great time and for the price, we'd recommend it to anyone who wants to be outside of the hustle and bustle. We got the double decker bus tour pass for 48 hours and used that to get around. Times Square is about a 15 min walk...not bad!	
Nov 29 2007 	Would stay again...	My boyfriend and I have just come back from a 5 night stay at the Millennium. The hotel is clean, staff are friendly and the views of Manhattan from the room were fantastic. Felt like waking up and looking at a postcard every morning.The hotel is a short (10 min) walk to Grand Central to catch the subway. For some this may have been an inconvenience but we quite enjoyed being away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square and the like.We did visit John's Cafe on two occassions and if a hearty breakfast is what you need to set you up for the day then this is the place to go.We also had a dip in the pool, great views over the city. Like one other user said though, the pool is closed from the 25th Nov for repairs and i can't remember when it opens again.Overall, we would definitely stay at the Millennium again.	
Nov 28 2007	Marvel at the Millenium	The hotel was wonderful - the lobby, lifts, dining room swish and we got a super double sided view of the empire state and chrysler buildings as well as the river and distant bridges to wake up to each day. Staff on desk and concierges most helpful - organised dinner at Cibo's - much recommended and in easy walking distance. Hotel pool fine if a little chilly - due for work on 25th November,and gym with views to motivate. Position great for us as we like to walk and enjoyed the peace and scenery. Deli on corner with delicious coffees and Johns over street for real good breakfasts. The only thing I would add would be kettle to make own tea in the morning!	
Nov 20 2007	Better than Expected	Having booked through Hotwire, I was apprehensive based on some of the previous reviews.However, I phoned ahead and asked for a twin room in the East Tower and was very happy with the room allocated. It was on 34th floor with excellent views, very spacious and spotlessly clean. Foyer was welcoming, with very helpful concierge.Overall, an excellent stay and good value for the quality. Although a bit further from some of the attractions, this also provided an escape form the bustle.Definitely recommended.	
Nov 19 2007 	1 of the Best Hotels in New York!!!!	This hotel is absoutly Brilliant. The rooms are nice and cosy. The bed is nice and comfortable. The views are just magnificent. The main entrance was stunning, with all the mirrors. the staff were very hepful and friendly.I would highly recomend this hotel. This hotel is in a ideal spot because it is situated out of the main city but still in walking distance of all the attractions like Empire state buliding and chrysler buliding. This hotel is not pricy if anything it is cheap for were it is, not as expensive as staying in a Hotel on Broadway or near times sqaure. Do not book it of Hotwire because they are not a very good company. go to a local travel agent and talk to them, they will give you a great deal.i give this hotel 10/10My stay was truely wonderful.Thank you New York for a Good hotel.	
Nov 18 2007 	Good but Expensive	Stayed one Friday night in early November at the Millennium Hotel UN Plaza. Hotel prices in NYC are out of site and after paying $350 for a Holiday Inn last year decided to upgrade a bit. Previous writers have commented on the views and that’s mainly why I chose this hotel. Booked the room over the hotel’s website – 2 single beds, superior for $429. On arrival was upgraded to a suite on the 31ft floor of the older tower. Very nice room, some odd angles and clean, modern design. Sitting room connected by frosted French doors to a bed room, two full baths. All spotless, well maintained. Well stocked mini-bar and snack basket. I suppose if you are paying $429 for the room the $5 can of Pepsi shouldn’t come as a shock, but the goodies prices sent me down to the street in search of a neighbor deli. Many to choose from as well as a variety of restaurants, liquor stores, etc. Many diplomatic missions in the area, as you are only a half-block to the UN.Each room had a window that opened and great view north and east – the East River, Roosevelt Island, UN area. Busy little lobby, all staff very friendly and eager to help. Felt it was a very safe hotel and neighborhood. Had both room service appetizers in the evening and breakfast in the morning – top quality, but again you are paying for the privilege.If money is no option – stay here if it’s convenient to your travels.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great Hotel!!!	Me and a friend booked this hotel through Hotwire and after reading some of the horror stories I was initially a little put off but then I figured, what the heck, lets do it and try and you know what, I'm glad I got this hotel. Our flight was early in from Toronto so they allowed us to store our bags until our room was ready. Because we wanted 2 twin beds instead of a king they told us to come back around 3pm, which is normal in any hotels I've stayed in, I've had later in London. So we went to the UN (which i definitely worth checking out, especially since it's spitting distance) and explored the area. When we got back to the hotel and got our room we could not have asked for anything better. We had a room on the 34th floor, it was a new room so I can't comment on what the older tower room are like, extremely spacious and glorious views. We could see the East River on the left side and the Empire State Builidng and Chrysler Builiding on the right. The beds were comfy and the bathroom was spotless.It was a little farther from Grand Central than I thought but it was nice to have an area outside of the bustle of Times Square. We did eat at John's Restaurant on our first morning and it was great, breakfast was cheap and the food was good. I would reccommend this hotel to anyone!	
Oct 30 2007 	Very pleasantly surprised!	After reading so many tales about how Hotwire customers were treated like second class citizens, I was very nervous about how our trip would shape up, but the Millenium completely amazed me with fantastic service and a wonderful room. I had booked on Hotwire since regular fall hotel rates were astronomical, and received a stellar corner room on the 32nd floor with a King sized bed and unbelievable views. Nothing seemed outdated, and I absolutely felt that the hotel's four star rating was justified. The location is a little farther away from a subway stop than I would have liked, especially since it was rainy nearly every day of our vacation, but I didn't really mind being removed from the Times Square mayhem on Halloween. It was an incredible trip and we looked forward to coming home to the Millenium every night.	
Oct 28 2007	The Millennium did not dissapoint!	We just got back from a 3 day stay at the Millennium U.N. We stayed in the East Tower (on request) on the 36th floor. We had incredible views on Manhattan - mainly of the south end of the island, East River, and part of Midtown (we could see the Empire State building almost straight ahead). We loooved the views, especially at night, and I think it would be hard to find a hotel with views that great. All the rooms start on the 28th floor, so I think they all have good views. They have an awesome pool on the 28th floor, surrounded by walls of windows - pretty incredible. So take your suits, we wished we had. The room itself was pleasant, clean and comfortable. Nothing fancy, but the bed was nice and not hard and the bathroom clean. The room did have a little &quot;wear and tear&quot; but it was still nice and the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Not sure what the west tower rooms were like, but we had heard to stay in the east tower, so we did. It did look like the furniture had been renovated at some point. No coffee maker and all the snacks they leave out cost a fortune, so we always just grabbed stuff at a little store down the street. The location was fine with us, because we loved the views and liked being away from the hustle of time square etc.... but it is a little bit of a walk to a subway (closest one being GrandCentral).... I guess plan on about a 10 min. walk. We always felt safe - seemed like there was always people out and about, but at times it would have been nice to have had a subway a little closer.	
Oct 27 2007 	We Enjoyed our Stay - We are from London	I was very dubious about this hotel after reading the reviews. So I rang my Travel Agent and insisted they rang the hotel to make sure we did not get one of the terrible rooms people have mentioned. Anyway when we arrived I told them that the trip to New York was a present from my husband (true) and asked for an upgrade. We were given a terrific room that was big, clean with an amazing view. The staff were great we had no problems with them at all. We went to Johns for breakfast which someone on one of the other reviews recommended and as he said the breakfasts were great with free coffee refills and very reasonable. Go to Sparks for a great Steak or Palm 11 great!!! Overall we had a fab stay.	
Oct 24 2007 	Worst Hotel Stay in Years.	The single worst hotel I've stayed at in years. The rooms look like they were decorated in 1972. The bed was old, lumpy, and simply bad. Dirty spots on the carpet throughout and peeling paint in the bath. Thankfully Hotwire made it right and got me another room. I travel constantly and expected so much more of a Millenium Hotel. Clearly they are not putting any funds into the property. But with such an incredible location, I cannot understand why they wouldn't make this a showplace. The bell staff and front door team were terrific and indicated that the hotel has lots of issues. Front desk staff couldn't care less.Bottom line: Avoid this place if you want to have a pleasant stay in NYC.	
Oct 15 2007 	Hope to come back again!	I loved our stay at the Millennium. Our room was in the west tower (3336), I wanted a room with city views and I got it! And I can say that it was worth everything; when I woke up in the middle of the night and saw all these lights, the Chrysler building and the Empire... I couldn't believe it. Everything was very clean, cleaning service came twice a day, so the room was always perfect, even if we came after lunch to have a nap, when we came back late at night, the bed was ready to be used again ( very big by the way!).The location could not be better. It's near everything, just 5 minutes walk. And, at night, if you don´t wanna walk from the Grand Central Station, take a taxi! It's not expensive and you're in New York, taxis are the best way to go everywhere.I also recommend the Deli which is near the hotel, and also Johns' cafe (2nd avenue in front of the hotel), we had breakfast there everyday and it was excellent!	
Oct 13 2007 	Nice staff okay room so-so location	I only stayed a couple of nights here with a room I booked through priceline.com for $250US/night (it was one of those auctions). I arrived nearly at midnight and found the desk staff to be very nice and helpful. The room I was in was...well the main area was very clean and very spacious although I think a vanity mirror of some sort was perhaps necessary...there's no mirrors in the room save the bathroom.The bathroom was clean and all, but the temperature of the hot water and the tub itself was kind of so-so. Like, the water never felt hot enough and the lever to turn on the water was kind of in shabby condition. I'm easy to please when it comes to hotel rooms, so like I wasn't distraught at the sort of run down nature of the tub. It was clean so I wasn't put off too badly. Overall the room itself was nice enough. It was oldish looking, but like I liked the spaciousness of the room and the kindness of the staff. I think the only real negative point of the hotel for me was its location. It's not the hotel itself, but the location. Like it's yes within minutes of walking to the Grand Central Station/42nd Street stop subway station, but like I still think it's a bit too far to walk when it's night time or after you've been out already walking and shopping all day...at night it gets really deserted and quiet there and not that it's not safe, but it's just I'd rather not walk four blocks after getting off the subway late at night to get to the hotel. Also like the Saturday I was there, there was apparently some street party or something happening on the main street/sidewalk area that leads to the main hotel entrance. It was extremely noisy and just wall-to-wall people. The policemen wouldn't allow you through unless you showed them a key to your room...I was admittedly really annoyed at this sudden street party or whatever it was. It's like it wasn't even some official UN/important gathering but like some random party. Like I wish we were told by the hotel staff or given a heads up that it would be happening, so we could've avoided having to navigate through throngs of strangers and strange people and have my friend be questioned about truly being a guest at the hotel. It's like it's a public street that leads to a hotel like what if only I was staying at the hotel and I met up with friends and we were just going back to my hotel to go get something. Like why would we all need a room key just to walk down the sidewalk that's blocked because of some stupid random street party? And then there was all this garbage strewn all over the street and sidewalk after it was over....it's like if something like this is going to happen so close to the hotel, then I think the hotel should've told us so we would've known in advance to like use an alternative route to get to/from the hotel. But in general, I say the hotel staff was really nice and courteous from housekeeping, the front desk, the doormen, and the concierge and even the person who answered the phone to confirm my reservation. The rooms are fine, but the only true negative is just the location. It's just a tad too far from the nearest subway station.	
Oct 8 2007 	Sleep on the Subway it is Better	What a horrible experience, we booked on Hotwire and there was nobody in the hotel but they gave us the worst room ever probably because of how we booked it. First of all our room had blemishes on the wall, dust everywhere and also black curly hairs in various places in the washroom. This website requested I review the room and therefore I am. When we went to lower the blinds to go to sleep around 10pm as we had to leave at 5am the blinds came crashing down and could not be fixed. It then took them an hour to move us to another room and then they tried to incredulously charge me for some drinks we did not have. I would never stay there ever again, the manager on duty did not care at all for servicing her clients and empathizing with the needs of the guests. It was almost like she felt it was our fault that the entire apparatus for holding up the blinds came crashing down at 10pm and we inconvenienced her. Then to say it would take 10 minutes but it took an hour to move rooms. Honesty and Integrity do not equal the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel.I called the hotel to discuss the issue with the director but they did not know how to handle the call. I was given the voicemail of someone in the service department. It is completely out of order with no process or pride for the manner in which the establishment is run.	
Oct 2 2007 	Hotwire Rooms are Substandard	I had to stay overnight at the last minute in this hotel and although it had a 4 star rating on Hotwire, in reality the rooms they give to Hotwire customers are the old, outdated rooms. I wouldn't have known that there were renovated rooms available, had not my substandard room had a broken bathtub and cracked sink. The front desk was kind enough to upgrade me to the other tower with the renovated rooms and admitted that because I got the room on Hotwire I got a standard room. Once I got to the new room, it was almost like night and day. You could still see chipped walls and the bathtub wasn't thoroughly clean (i.e. caked soap in the shower tub), but I was too tired and grateful to NOT have to stay in the standard room. I personally WILL NOT stay at this property again. But if you do make a reservation here, make sure you request a renovated room.	
Sep 22 2007 	a good room	This hotel is good. Not great but good. The rooms are nice, nothing special there. They could have been cleaner- The room I was in just seemed to be in need of a good seasonal deep clean. The location is fantastic, just 4 blocks from Grand Central Terminal. The staff is friendly enough. The one outstanding feature of the room is the view. It is fantastic. They also have the only indoor hotel tennis in Manhattan, and a pretty good sized swimming pool. All in all, I would say it was a good experience and I would stay again for the right price.	
Sep 22 2007	excellent hotel for the money	I don't know who would say this hotel was outdated, for I am a picky person and I felt the hotel was very modern. It is about 5 long blocks from Grand Central Station and the same if you need to take the subways, however, plenty of courteous service and taxis right in front of the hotel. I stayed here 2 times in the past year and each time had little wait to check in and out, and was very pleased with the room and service. I would stay again, hands down a great experience	
Sep 21 2007	Pretty good	I booked my stay here for 1 night for Hotwire, and given all the bad reviews was pretty apprehensive about staying at this place. However, when I checked in I asked for a renovated room, and they did give me one. The room was excellent, and we had a side view of the river. Everything was clean. The mattress and pillows were not of the quality you would expect in a 4 star, but its fine.There is not much around this place, but that might be a good thing since the next couple of days I stayed in Times Square and the streets were so loud, you could hear it on the 34th floor.	
Sep 16 2007 	Great views outdated decor 	I booked this hotel somewhat last minute thru Hotwire, therefore I saved about $100+ from their regular rate. I tried calling the Hotel to confirm my preferrence, and I was put on hold for so long, and still no one was available at the reception. But they did return my call about 3 hrs later. This is something you wouldn't normally expect at a 4* hotel. So just be aware the service is a bit slow at this hotel.When we checked in around 7pm, we got a queen bed instead of the king we requested. But the following day we asked to be changed to a king when people checked out, and the second room we got was bigger and had better views of river, empire state building and chrysler building. This was my first time in NYC, so I am not sure how big the hotel rooms are in other hotels, but the king bed room is pretty comfortable at this location. Since we got a good rate thru Hotwire, and we were only there for 3 days for the US tennis open, I wasn't too concerned about the hotel. Overall I think the hotel is good, but I am not sure if it qualifies for a regular 4* rating. From the looks, the hotel decor and carpet and bathroom tiles have not been updated in atleast couple of decades so there are lot of wear and tear. If it weren't for the views, I probably would have minded it a bit more. Since its an older building, the walls are thin and it can be noisy when the maid is cleaning in the mornings. The location is great for people who are interested in hanging around midtown manhatten. It is located about 5 blocks from Grand Central station. And about 10 blocks from Times Square.Right across from the UN.	
Sep 15 2007 	FANTASTIC VIEWS	Stayed at hotel for four nights from 25th August (two couples), as rooms not ready when we arrived (about 1 pm) we were upgraded to suite. Views fantastic, one side East River, other side Empire State and Chrysler Building. We loved the hotel, bedrooms and bathrooms really spacious with added bonus of lounge and kitchenette. Did not eat at hotel as had breakfast every morning at Johns just up the road. Had cocktails in bar on the last night and wished we had gone there earlier as barman very informative about New York. We would all definitely stay there again, everywhere within walking distance. Ate at Oyster Bar in Grand Central Station which is just up the road and would recommend. We had a great time and wished we could have stayed longer. Moved on to East Hampton for three days and stayed at Getaway House (see separate review) made a relaxing change from New York but we will be back.	
Sep 15 2007 	Tacky but decent place.	The Millenium UN Plaza boasts of their famous address on 1st Avenune; and that pretty much is all that they have going for them! When you think of the Millenium chain, you would think luxurious.. this is not the case.It is located on the other side of the road of the United Nations, to the right. It does have two towers, one facing the East River whose rooms are considered to be 'special'. The guy at the front desk said he was 'hooking us up' with a great view and a bigger room, because he said we were nice people.Give me a break! It was just a regular room! I would rather have the rooms in the West tower. Our room was just a normal room with a king size bed, a little love seat and desk. The only thing that I liked in the room, was the closet! It was big enough for me to change in there and sit down in. It also had a safe that came in handy and was quite easy to use. What I didn't like, there are no ice machines on any of the floors. You must call room service for them to bring ice to you, which means you have to tip them each time they come up with ice. There also is a health center, where you can play tennis, but you must pay. The pool was just a normal rectangle pool with a view. Their health center/spa area didn't impress me that much, but it was decent.Internet connection is not free. They charge a lot! So to beat this, I went down to the lobby, sat down and scanned for a free network... and I found one!! It's called &quot;2nd Floor Public&quot; Room service is quite pricey too. So for food, I would walk up the street (on 44th) just only a 1 min walk to the corner, and there is a little market. They have fresh brewed coffee, they can make fresh hot food, you can buy beer, and even pet food. It's open 24 hrs. too! Or... in the mornings right outside of the hotel's door, there is a street vendor there. He has hot or iced coffee, even flavored coffee, crossiants, and etc.The location of the hotel is okay. It is close to public transportation. Just walk west and there's Grand Central Station. there you can hop on the subway or take a train. Also, going back to the hotel, you can walk if you want because it's not too far at all.. but you can take a bus if you want. When you get out of Grand Central, cross the street, and there is a bus stop for a bus that goes down to the UN or 1st Ave. and you just walk north to the hotel, it's only a 3 min. walk. Overall, not a bad hotel, don't stay here if you are expecting a luxurious stay. It's clean, good location in Midtown Manhattan, friendly staff, and has a comfortable bed. Just don't pay too much for the room, I got it for the lowest bid they could take, $165/night on Priceline!	
Sep 12 2007 	Great all around Hotel to stay in NYC	Did a lot of research on hotels for our NYC trip and this was not the ideal location we wanted to stay but I have no regrets whatsoever about staying here. Got a king size suit room with a little kitchen (sink, fridge and cabinets) from Priceline under 175.00 could not beleive it as this room was rated at over 300.00 on their site and other hotel search sites. Room:=====Very spacious and comfortable bed with a spectacular view from the 30th floor. The room looked a bit outdated but was very clean and had a lot of space not to consider the price we paid. TV gets some good cable channels.Service:=====Check-in was OK, no problems. The queue lines up a bit weird due to the seating area in the middle as someone else mentioned on a previous review but they were very professional and nice. The Concierge was well informed and very helpful. Suggested a couple of places to eat such as Angelos in little italy and we had prolly the best italian dinner in a while. The overall service was great. Location=======Its only a few blocks (5-7min) walk to Grand central station and across the street from the UN. The area felt safe and there was always security on premises. There are some good choices for dinning out , there was also the Deli up the street, did not eat there but its there if you need something. Try Pinnacle for good bagels and bkfst down between 45th and 47th street. For pizza a block up and to the left try Pizza Rustica. Its about a 20 min walk to times square but its a fun walk as u seem more of the city on foot and its not that far at all, prime location and close to almoseverything on foot. I would stay here again and would recommend it.	
Sep 11 2007 	Good stay	We were in NY for the (tennis) US Open, so we knew that we'd spend very little time in a hotel room, using it simply to sleep in. So our criteria was basic: easy access to public transportation, a clean room and a decent shower. The Millennium UN met all these requirements, and we were pleased with the stay and the value. This is NOT a high end hotel. We stayed in the older wing - the West wing - on the 38th floor. It was a bigger room by NY standards but the furnishings and decor have seen better days. It was however, clean and comfortable. The bed was of average comfort and the sheets kept coming off. The vents were rusty, the tv remote didn't work and there was exposed wiring from the phone and tv outlets.The bathroom was clean, but it was an old showerhead. (Friends staying on the other side of the hotel raved about the quality of their rooms, but they paid double what we did).The hotel is walking distance to Grand Central Terminal, but if you have a lot of lugguage, are with very young children or have difficulty walking, it can feel longer than the five blocks. We were surrounded by delis, restaurants and mini-marts so it was easy to duck out for a quick meal and to stock up on bottled water and treats. We always felt safe, even when coming home at 2 am.Staff at the hotel were very pleasant and accommodating. While we didn't use the facilities, we did like the look of the pool and was intrigued by the indoor tennis court. Overall: a satisfactory stay.	
Sep 9 2007	Room with a view!	We really enjoyed our recent stay at the Millennium. Everyone in the hotel was extremely friendly, from the valet to the front desk. Our room was big with lots of amenities. Some little things like the window shade and the cooling system controls seemed a bit outdated, but they definitely did not detract from what was a very modern, comfortable room. AND THE VIEW! I don't know if this was just luck of the draw but our view was phenomenal. I also have to say, the bed was super-comfortable, something that's very important to me in a hotel! The area was nice, safe, and convenient for our needs.	
Sep 9 2007 	Good Location Great View	Stayed here twice over the summer months, each time for two days. Hotel has two towers and stayed in each of them. The South Tower is older and the room was nice but it was a smoking room and looked a little tattered and 80's. (I am not a smoker). But it was comfortable and had a great view of the river overlooking the UN building. Nice neigborhood and just a couple of blocks from the subway on Lexington near Grand Central Station. Nice pub around the corner, &quot;Keats&quot;. Stayed in the North tower on the second stay in a non-smoking room. Much nicer, got a corner room with a spectacular view of the city and the river. I am an outdoor runner in the AM so never tried out the pool or the fitness center. You can find the bike path along the river by going south a few block on 1st Ave and catching the bike path by heading over a block toward the river at the ferry landing (34th st). From there you can run South along the river for miles. Great hotel staff, very friendly welcome and checkout. Skip the expensive bottled water in your room, NYC has the cleanest tap water of virtually any city in the world. Plan to make this my regular NYC business hotel.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great Hotel	This hotel was great! The rooms are larger than most NYC hotels, the staff was helpful and courteous, and the location was central to everything. It is located 5 blocks from Grand Central Terminal. I would stay here again!	
Sep 8 2007 	Great view but so-so room	We had room 3842 with a great view on the river towards East. The room is old and would really need to be redone. Carpet had large red stains, bed cover and curtains had white stains. The vent traps where covered with thick dust. I guess the air coming out of those traps is not healthy.This hotel is about 20 years old, and it shows.Front desk personnel was rather friendly, although they didn't allow us to do a late check-out.Don't go to their restaurant; it is outrageously overpriced. It costed 65$ for a breakfast for two (orange juice and coffee at $4.50 each). Go down the 44ST, you'll find a Starbucks and many other small stands where they serve coffee and muffins.I booked my trip on Hotwire.com. The regular rate corresponded to a Superior room, but we were given a Regular room (which was at about the same price we paid on Hotwire. Not such a good deal!).On my next trip to NY, I will not return to this hotel.Sylvain M.	
Sep 8 2007 	This is not a 4* hotel	Let's be serious - while the hotel is fine, it's definitely not a 4*. More along the lines of a mid-range Holiday Inn. I had to travel for a 1-night stay for business at last minute notice and all of the hotels in NYC were showing $600+. While the company was paying, it didn't feel right to pay that much. So I checked on hotwire and found this one for $175 for a superior king with a river view. I was suprised at the size of the room, as I usually stay in rather cramped accomodations at the W on Lexington. However, the B-level cleanliness was immediately obvious. While the bed had sparkling white linens, the couch and chair were a little less so. Not to the point of being offensive, just not perfect. The bathroom was a little small and basic, but fine again. My main gripe was the air conditioning was pretty loud and impacted my sleep. Would I stay here again? Yes, especially if I was paying out of my pocket. Staff was friendly, if a little reluctant to go the extra mile unless pushed.	
Sep 5 2007 	well worth the price	Since I read other posted reviews prior our stay I knew what to expect since we got our room booking via Hotwire. As promised, we were given one of the West Tower (non-renovated) rooms, but we were given an option to upgrade for an additional $30 dollars per night. Since we only paid $142 per night to start, this would have been a great deal. Having a lack of food in me and not thinking clearly, we decided not to take the upgrade until we came back from lunch, and then they no longer had non-smoking rooms available. Regardless, the room was spacious. A stain on the carpet and a few mildew stains in the tile grout was not a big deal to us; the room size and view made up for it. We would have appreciated an upgraded mattress (it is a little too firm), but being so tired from going all day and staying out late actually made the bed feel more comfortable. The staff was friendly and the hotel is very quiet in the evening (so that is a plus).The convenience to grand central station is a huge plus. There is a delicious place for breakfast on 45th street between 2nd and 3rd avenue (Comfort Diner). Our friends who are residents of NYC took us there; and we ended up going again before we left. There is also a really nice market (Amish Market) on the same street where you can pick up great pre-made foods and desserts.Overall very satisfied with the hotel, but wish we would have opted quick enough for the upgrade.	
Sep 4 2007 	Nice Place Super Views	I got this hotel for $145 a night via Hotwire.com. The views were amazing. I had a great shot of the Empire State Buidling in the room and a super view of the East River out of the bathroom.Hotwire and Priceline.com people get rooms that have yet to be renovated. So the decor was very '80sish. But the bathroom was spacious and the bed was fine. This is hotel is a short walk to Grand Central. The neighborhood is very quiet at night.Enjoy your stay.	
Sep 4 2007 	Great hotel - Amazing view - Unforgetable experience !!!	We ve stayed at the UN millennium plaza hotel for a week in August 2007. I have nothing but positive things to say about it. The location is very nice, particularly safe and only a 10 min walk away from Grand Central Station, from where the subway will take you everywhere you wish. The room was HUGE, at least comparing it with dozens of rooms in European hotels that I ve stayed in over the years. I dont know how it compares to US hotel rooms as this was my first trip to America. The room had all the amenities one would expect ( A/C, mini-bar, blow dryer, safe, TV with over 120 channels etc ) And now for the great finale.... the view was U N B E L I E V A B LE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You have to see it with your own eyes to really understand how amazingly great it was! We were staying at the 37th floor, room 3736 at the west tower with a west facing (manhattan) view. The hotel is strategicaly located in the middle of midtown, all the way to the east, with no taller buildings right in front of it. The result is a breathtaking view that includes almost every single one of midtown's skyscrapers, including of course the Chrysler building (just a couple of blocks away ) and the ESB. It was really the perfect NYC exeperience. If we had stayed at a different hotel, probably in some low floor, overlooking some boring courtyard or something, our general experience from our trip would be COMPLETELY different. This is not just a pretty view..... this will be the strongest image that you ll remember from your stay at NYC. I hope I made my point clear enough....Now to some practical tips.... Try to get a room facing west in order to have the best view. Rooms facing east only get to see the UN building and the east river and Queens. Apparently there are rooms with west view in both towers (some corner ones also have south views as well ).	
Sep 4 2007 	Average - JUST average!	Just back from staying in the UN Millennium Plaza - Rooms are spacious and have amazing rooms - we had a corner room and really the view was fantastic! The Bad: I had rung trice to confirm our room after booking - and to make sure we had a view of the city (as its meant to be even better), was told no problem and it was taken care of - on arrival the attendant told us that they never guaranteed room booking in advance of arriving and told me that i must have been mistaken about my phone call!!!! Also they would not guarantee us a late check out before checking with them on the morning of our departure (what’s the point!!??)- Expensive mini bar, restaurants and main bar (but there is a great deli about 6 doors up from the main entrance that serves breakfast and lunch + alcohol and all snacks - Rooms were a little shabby (wallpaper coming off in one place and sink kept backing up (but never managed to overflow!!) The good - Great location (two blocks from Grand Central Station), nice pool (only used once for 5 min!) nice rubber tennis court (never used!) fantastic concierge service (full of useful information and advice!).In the end - yes i would stay again - i just wouldn’t expect so much from a hotel that has gotten such great reviews!!	
Sep 4 2007 	great views	I thought overall this hotel was pretty good. I would not say it was a 4 star hotel--more like a 3.0-3.5 star hotel. Hotel staff was pleasant upon arrival. We arrived around 12 noon and we were able to get into our room right away. Decor was pretty dated--could use an update on that. However, the view made up for it. We had views of Empire state building, crysler building and manhatten. Nice this was that there was a fridge--although we had to figure out how to lower the temp to make it colder (under sink). Also room was quite spacious, especially for NYC standards. Not a bad walk to some of the main attractions--definately could walk to GCT in 5-10 minutes. Great price from hotwire. Would consider this place again.	
Sep 2 2007 	Rooms are dated but the view is anything but!!	Having checked other travellers reviews of the Millennium UN prior to travelling, I felt I had a pretty good idea of what to expect and my preconceptions were pretty much confirmed.The hotel on some websites is listed as offering 4 star accommodation. It certainly has some 'higher end' trappings, such as the impressively stocked bar, concierge service and leisure facilities but you will, if you're placed in the west tower, be disappointed by the quality of the room. I'm unaware if there are plans to upgrade all the rooms to the standard of those in the east tower but if this was to be done then a 4 star rating would be appropriate. Given the absence of balconies in most New York hotels it is apparent that smoking is permitted in rooms. I was disappointed that I was not given the option of a smoking or non-smoking room on arrival but I'm unsure if this was available. There was a odour in the room upon our arrival but this soon disappated. I personally wasn't that pertrubed given the aged nature of the room. This is New York City - how much time are you going to spend in there! The views from our room was nothing short of breathtaking and considering this our first visit to NYC we couldn't have asked for anything better. We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant. I believe this hotel to mainly cater for business travellers and the hotel bar and restaurant prices reflect this ($25 for two bottles of beer and a diet coke!). But there are a multitude of eating options in the immediate area and the concierge has no problem in advising various eateries (the concierge called Ferris was particularly helpful). I'd read other reviewers referring to John's Diner and this became our breakfast location everyday. Good quality food, reasonably priced and it is the authentic american diner experience to boot. All rooms boast a mini-bar but prices are high ($7 for a beer) considering the accessability of pharmacies and stores in the immediate area, which offer greater chioce anyway. The hotel's leisure facilities are, besides the rooms views, the major selling point. No other hotel in Manhattan apparently offers a swimming pool and tennis court in it's complex. The pool can get busy early in the day as it's used by staff from the UN as they can purchase membership but after 09.30hrs it is generally quiet. It's a great facility, especially if your travelling with children as we did. There is also a well equipped fitness room with treadmills, cross trainers and weights. In conclusion, the Millennium UN is a great hotel, in a eastern mid-town location, offering various facilities hard to find in Manhattan. Rooms in the east tower should be upgraded and if this happens it's current 4 star rating would be fully justifed.	
Sep 2 2007 	Great Midtown Location we loved it!	All the reviews were right, this is a great Midtown Hotel. The views are incredible from both the rooms and the 27th floor pool area. Thestaff were professional but very relaxed and made us feel at home. Our room was immaculate and tastefully furnished in a European moderndecor. The TV had plenty of cable channels available. There was no table (just a desk) or side chairs in the room but we didn't expect this in a NY hotel. We enjoyed the relatively quiet location away from Times Square but very accessible. Walk about 4 blocks to Grand Central Terminal.Bus service was also very accessible. We did not eat in hotel as there plenty of dining establishments in the area. The Plaza deli up the street has a fantastic salad bar and almost anything you could want. Was amazed at the pool and fitness area, unheard of in Manhattan. We used priceline and were assigned to this hotel after selecting a 3 star minimum. Cannot indicate a single disappointment with this property other than the lack of a table and 2 chairs which would have been nice to use for in room dining.	
Aug 30 2007	Loved the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel	We were a group of 4 women and we had booked 2 rooms. When we arrived they upgraded us to a suite which was absolutely wonderful. The suite was very spacious and the view from the 32nd floor was breathtaking. We would definetly book this hotel again. We were there for the US Open Tennis and it was very easy to get to the subway. John's Cafe on the corner was a great breakfast place. They also have a tennis court which we wish we had known about. The pool and fitness center were very adequate and the staff was great. The suite had a full kitchen but no coffee maker. That would be the only negative I would say. There is a kiosk right outside that had very good coffee and very reasonable. We had the breakfast buffet one morning in the hotel and it was very good, a bit pricey but good.	
Aug 24 2007 	Central location	Having to go to Manhatten on business, our corporate booked us at this hotel. At the last minute we had to get an additional night and the staff did a great job. The location and experience of the staff made a traveler new to New York really feel at ease. Though not the most modern, this is by no means a shabby hotel. I'll definately have this on the top of my list to stay at again in the future.	
Aug 24 2007 	Adequate But Occasionally Irksome	Good:Location across street from UN, near Grand Central.Safe neighborhood.Great views of Midtown or the East River.Clean rooms.Fairly quiet area at night--not much traffic and honking.Close enough to walk to restaurants or take the M15 bus up 1st Ave. to even more.Bad:No express checkout, and only two clerks in the mornings.Huge windows and inadequate blinds let in too much light too early in the morning.Thin walls.Weak air conditioning in some rooms.Old-school TV with annoying noisy channel-changer.No mirror outside the bathroom.Bathroom lightswitch is outside the bathroom--no late-night trips without waking your bedmate.Towels not the fluffiest.Section of window in front of couch actually slides open--beware if you have children, who could easily fall out.Conclusion:Clean, safe, adequate, and convenient--but don't expect luxury or attention to detail, and be prepared for some odd quirks. The hotel very much seems to have been designed for budget-conscious foreign diplomats.The Millennium UN is an adequate hotel. I have no horror stories to tell. Yet there were a host of minor annoyances. First was when I tried to lower the massive shade covering the massive window; I merely pulled on it, and the whole contraption fell down. Maintenance had to reinstall it. Could've been a lawsuit, had it hit me on the head and had I been the lititgious sort. It could've really injured an elderly person.I later saw that the smoke alarm was hanging open, sans battery. The maintenance man later replaced the battery and told me smokers often pull it out--despite the fact that the hotel has tons of smoking rooms. He said it's hard to enforce the no-smoking rule in the other rooms. Is it? Other hotels have a note threatening you with a cleaning fee if they detect smoking. Whatever--a nonworking smoke detector in a hotel full of chain-smoking Chinese diplomats is a bit worrisome.Even more worrisome: the sliding panel in the huge window. The panel is right above the back of the couch. It's easily big enough for a child to crawl through and fall to his/her death. What were they thinking?I had stayed in another room of this hotel a couple of weeks before, and its a/c unit was fine. But in this room, the a/c--even on full blast--was piddling. I had the maintenance guy come up; he made an admirable effort, but for naught. I wasn't sweating--and lowering the shade helped a lot during the day--but it wasn't the 68 degrees I prefer in August.I could hear the conversation of the people in the next room from the bathroom--and I could understand every word. Inside the room itself--near the window--I could hear talking, but not loudly.Even the TV was a bit odd. It was an old convex-screen model, and the channel changer made this very annoying &quot;thwack&quot; sound with every channel change. I know that complaint may sound ridiculously picayune, but believe me--it got old fast.And why is the bathroom lightswitch on the outside--like in Japan? If I make a trip early in the morning, I'd rather keep the light off till I have the door shut so I don't wake my wife. But with the switch on the outside, I can't do that.If you stay here, give yourself extra time to check out, because there will be a crowd, and they only have two front-desk clerks.The Millennium isn't a bad hotel--but it's not a great one. If you can get a good discount and you're prepared for the quirks, it's probably worth it. (Government rate is currently $200/night.)	
Aug 22 2007 	Wonderful hotel but watch out for the East and West...	A very good friend of ours found this gem of a hotel on Priceline.We didn't realise it was between $400 - 500 a night! So considering that we got a room at this hotel for nearly 1/3 of the price, it was well worth it.The hotel is situated close to 42nd street and 1st avenue. So you are situated slap bang on the East River. No ugly buildings to obscure your view.The hotel entrance is outstanding. Dark green marble decor with mirrors reflecting beautiful lit chandeliers. The reception area can be a bit frustrating as there is a seating area slap bang in the middle of it making queuing slightly awkard, but this didn't pose much of a problem .We phoned in advance in search for the highest level of the hotel and when we arrived, the receptionist gave us a suite on level 41 - the highest level on the East block of the hotel which we were extremely happy with. However, upon closer inspection of the room, it clearly was not as nice as one would have expected. The bedding was slightly torn, TV, furniture and carpet were old although the room was very spacious. In the bathroom, we found many disgusting long strands of hair wrapped around the shower head.We quickly complained about this and then we were put into another room (level 31) on the West block.This room was significantly better than the previous room. Everything was newer (see pics). The furniture all had glass tops and wooden cupboards and this theme also extended to the bathroom. We were situated on the corner which gave us pleasant views of the East River and of the Chrysler and Empire State Buildings. The bed was very comfortable and again the room was very spacious.This hotel has a swimming pool, fitness centre and also a tennis court (the only one in NYC).We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. It is slightly further out than other hotels from Broadway, but if you don't mind an extra 5-10 min leisurely stroll, then go for this hotel. Getting it on Priceline made it a fantastic bargain.I would suggest you ask for a room in advance for the newer (and cleaner) renovated rooms in the West Building.Without thinking about the bad experience in the East Building, we definitely give this hotel the thumbs up.	
Aug 16 2007	Shabby poor service and AVOID HOTWIRE	The hotel is shabby and out of date. The service is very poor. I booked through Hotwire and spent half a day on the phone with this hotel trying to find my reservation. The hotel could not find my reservation, refused to help me in any way, and suggested that I call Hotwire to ask where it was, even though I gave them all the confirmation numbers they needed. As of 10 pm that night, I was still holding on the phone trying to get my room. I would say, avoid this hotel, and definitely avoid Hotwire. The most disappointing part was being told by several hotel managers that this was my problem, and it was my job to find my reservation with Hotwire. Very disappointing.	
Aug 10 2007 	Great Views	We have just returned from a week at the Un Plaza and we have very few complaints. Yes it is a little bit further out than other hotels we looked at, but not far enough away that you cannot get to anything, A 10 Minute walk gets you to Grand Central Station and from there you can get anywhere you want to go. It is right opposite the UN Building and the area is very safe.We found the staff we came into contact with to be friendly and very helpful, No problems there at all. The room itself was a fairly good size, the bathroom might possibly have benefited from a little modernisation, but it was clean and everything worked ok. The view from the room was fantastic, we were on the 33rd floor overlooking the East River and the Empire State Building, we slept with the curtains open so we could appreciate the view. (One hint: it didn't happen to us, but one of our friends strolled out of the bathroom to come face to face with a guy cleaning the windows, so make sure you have a towel handy!!)We didn't eat in the hotel, so can't comment on the cost or quality of the food, but there were a couple of great Deli's nearby and a very nice Italian only a couple of blocks away. Deli was also handy for buying snacks, water etc to take back to the hotel as the mini bar was very expensive!! ($6 for a small botttle of water when it only cost $1.50 for a larger bottle outside the hotel.) Thru the week there was also a guy selling Coffee, bagels etc from a stand right outside the hotel, so not far to go for morning coffee!We got a good price off the internet and were pleased with what we got for our money. If you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel with decent sized, fairly basic rooms, great views and don't mind walking then this is a good choice.	
Aug 7 2007 	Reasonable	Finding a reasonably priced accommodation in NY is becoming a challenging task. This one is quite poorly located, and not very well maintained. Our room was renovated last when Kurt Waldheim was Secretary General. Yet, the reasonable price still makes it attractive. Expect a bed, a shower and not much more.	
Aug 5 2007 	Great view Great Place. Fact	After deciding on going to New York for my third visit, i took alot of time deciding on what hotel to stay at as the two hotels on previous visits werent all that good, although one was in a great location near Madison Square Garden. After coming across the UN plaza, and reading the reviews of the hotel i chose to stay there, and it was the correct decision. The hotel itself although not in a 'prime' location, the location is still more than adequate as Grand Central station is within walking distance. It bugs me when i read poor reviews, when people criticise walking to a place....if this is an issue, do not go to New York as you will walk....ALOT. The hotel itself is clean, and very well presented and the staff were very kind and friendly (they were quick to hand to help when my friend left his bag in a taxi on arrival!.....it was returned by a driver called Kumar..if there is a review site for Taxi drivers, this guy would get 5 stars) the room i stayed in was the best out of the 3 (and this hotel is the cheapest in comparison with my previous 2 stays!). But to be honest when i go to NY i think aslong as the room is clean and disease free thats good enough (unless you are of the higher class, im a 21 yr old student) as you dont spend any time in the hotel really. The view from our floor was amazing, we arrived at night and got a night skyline view of New York, im a bit photo mad and took alot of pictures just from my hotel room.Obviously, not all the reviews will be this positive and im sure there are some rooms that are not as modern etc. but dont let this deter you. I saw one negative review, which mentioned the cost of pistacio nuts being unreasonable...personally in situations where i wanted nuts which is rare i must add, i would buy them from the store which is about a minute walk away from the hotel, but if hotels who over charge for nuts is a concern for you...perhaps you should think twice about staying here..the nuts are over priced.Overall reviews will vary from person to person as these are usually a reflection of the whole vacation, but i cant compliment the UN plaza enough, its a great place to stay and if you ask nicely for a view of the Empire state building etc (i think its room on the west side, but dont quote me) then you will be in for a great vacation. Enjoy! WJS	
Aug 3 2007 	View View View! The best of New York - but that's all	I stayed with my wife for three nights in a weekend gateway....As other reviews mentioned this 4 star hotel located in midtown east looks outdated, very 1980's....but it worth for the view. No matter city or water view, in both cases you'll have an astonishing, breathtaking view. The rooms are huge but need a remodeling urgently you feel like in 1970's movie....... One of the few hotels in NYC with a pool, what's a plus...... Fantastic service......Though wi-fi in the lobby, very expensive charged Internet in the restaurant if you're not with your laptop....If i would stay again? Depends the rate....with lots of discount booking services throughout web, getting a rate under $ 250 (as i get), yes, i would stay again. Paying more than $ 300, no way!	
Jul 24 2007 	great if you get remodeled room	We got a great deal thru hotwire for the UN Millennium Hotel and stayed 3 nights. When we arrived, the desk clerk mentioned that we could only get &quot;certain rooms&quot; since we booked thru hotwire. Though, I asked for a high floor, and he did put us on the top floor (40th), so I was happy about that. However, this was NOT a 4 star room at all. It was in tower which has not been remodeled yet. It was a huge room, and had a kitchen with a stove and frige, which was unexpected. It was a very old kitchen though and we had no intention of using it. The floor tile in the bathroom was broken and your foot would catch on it each time you go in. The tub drained so slowly you stood in inches of water to shower. The room smelled strongly of smoke though we asked for nonsmoking. And the worst was the bed- it was so old and hard, and you could feel the springs through the sheet- I truly could not believe it. The next morning I asked for a different room with a &quot;newer bed&quot; and we were quickly given a room in the other tower that had been remodeled and was 100 times better! What a relief. It was much smaller, but I did not care- it felt clean and new and nice. We were very happy with that room and the views are wonderful. The tempting snacks on the counter are insane prices- $3.50 for a small bag of m&amp;ms, for example. The staff was wonderful for sure. But, we saw an enormous difference in quality between the 2 rooms, so I strongly suggest requesting a remodeled room if you book here!!	
Jul 23 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	Having stayed in nyc for our 1st anniversary, I had to really impress my husband after convincing him to stay in nyc again for our 5th anniversary. I did. The room we received in the millenium u.n. plaza was spectacular. We had an uncommon view of the east river, the united nations building and adjoining plaza, and a glimpse of the empire state building. The room was tastefully decorated and the bathroom was fabulous (except for the tiny soap). My only real complaint was the over priced buffet breakfast at $25.50 per person and the exorbitant price of items in the mini bar. We will definitely be staying there again....Loved It.	
Jul 22 2007 	Irish Travellers	Booked this hotel on the basis of location and expected luxurious conditions at over €200 per night. While the hotel name implies a new hotel, it is anything but!!. At a guess this is a 1970's hotel and while some renovation has been undertaken, some of the fittings look as if they are there since still the 1970. Renovation works underway at reception while the foyer area looked tired and cold. Lifts were old and slow. Room was grubby and needed an entire overhaul. Bathroom probably not touched since 1970.! The 'couch' was stained and would not look out of place in a 1960's student bedsitter. Blanket on bed worn at the edges and torn from age!. Overall, room and bathroom felt more like a hostel accommodation in need of renovation. We were furious that our travel agent recommended this hotel at €200 per night.	
Jul 20 2007 	Great View!	I got a great deal on this hotel through Hotwire, which (at least at the time) is the only 4 star hotel located in Midtown East. After I made the reservation, I called the hotel to request a King Non Smoking. No problem, they said. Upon checking in, they didn't seem to have any Kings available, would a Queen be okay? Fine, I said. However, it was still morning and the room wasn't available for check in.We returned to the hotel at 9pm after a long day in Manhattan, to check in. It seems that our room number was changed (who knows why). We would up on the top floor in the corner room, which had a view of the East River, the Empire State, and the Chrysler Building! The windows ran along the entire wall, so we could see everything. The room was good, but the view was incredible. Only downside was that we wanted ice, but seeing as it is a 4 star hotel, it was only available through room service, which we just didn't want to deal with. Other downside: my husband had a cast on his foot, and the hotel is about 4 blocks from the subway. A bit far in that condition, but not bad otherwise.I would definitely stay again if the price was right.	
Jul 16 2007 	Fantastic	Fantastic hotel. The views from the room were amazing (even thought it was of a city). Nice size room for 2. Only a short walk from Time Sq and Central Perk (ha).Wouldn't return to New York though, thought it was just the same as any other city. If I did, I would stay at the Millenium Plaza again	
Jul 12 2007	Worth it!!!	Really enjoyed our 3 night stay here... check in was super easy and we were able to check in early. they went above and beyond as we wereseeing a show our first night and when we checked in they tagged our name and immediately pulled our tickets... we didnt even need to ask! the views were beautiful and our room was so unique and large.. the bathroom was huge and a great magnification mirror. location was great as it was just across the street from the UN and buses were right in front of building..suggest you use the buses and the subwaysas it makes it easier. staff was friendly..didn't utilize a lot of the amenities but was extremely happy with everything i came in contact with. decor in roomwas nice but the lobby was a little scary black. would definitely recommend this hotel... ask for a high floor to havethe beautiful ny views!	
Jul 10 2007 	Awesome	We just returned from a weekend in New York City and stayed at the Millenium UN Plaza. We were totally pleased with the experience. The view was out of this world, the room very spacious and the staff extremely courteous. It is only a short walk from Central Station and located in a safe and pleasant area. We would definitely return to his hotel.	
Jul 10 2007 	Nice to try may stay somewhere else next time	Large room by NYC standards, loved the city view especially at night. The bathroom was small and the sink and tub drained really slow. The breakfast buffet was not worth what we spent, not very many choices. Our reservation was perfect and the staff was really friendly. It was nice to stay here, I don't think that we would go back.	
Jul 9 2007	Excellent Views	We stayed at the Millenium UN Plaza for 3 nights and the Views from this hotel are out of this world. The rooms are big for New York standards and are comfortable and clean. The Staff were very helpful esp the door man Robert he couldn't do enough whether it be getting a Taxi from the street or recommending excellent restaurants.Overall I found this hotel nice but the major selling points are the views you get of the Empire state building and the Chrysller building.	
Jul 4 2007	Loved It!!	I rarely write reviews, but the online reviews is what convinced me to stay at the Millennium in the fist place. So I wanted to add to the list. Our stay was wonderful! Some New York Hotels can be somewhat seedy (not so clean accomodations, small rooms, horrible views, rude staff). The Millennium was NONE of these. The room was spacious, and very clean. It was nicely decorated and very chic. And we had a breathtaking view (35th floor view of the Empire State Building, UN and the East River) and in a nice safe area of downtown. The bed was heavenly-very comfortable. And the staff was very friendly and helpful. Everyone from the front desk staff, to the concierge, to the housekeeping staff, to the doorman, to the foot massage therapist. I also enjoyed use of the business center. There are only 3 minor things I would change: I would make sure there is a little more privacy between computers in the business center; I would move the foot reflexologist into a private room (the massage was excellent, but it was hard to relax with the people passing by going to the gym); and I would book on line through a search engine and earlier. It was very expensive. But in hindsight well worth the peace of mind of having such an enjoyable stay. I'd definitely stay there again and I'd highly recc. to a friend.	
Jun 27 2007 	Excellent location mobile phones don't work inside your room!	This is the second time I have stayed at the UN Millennium. It was a pleasant experience. I had great views and a nice bathtub. The only problem is that my cell phone didn't get reception in my room and it would only get reception in certain parts of the room. This made it difficult to contact people. I had to use the normal phone line and that cost me. I'd have rather texted messages on my phone especially to my family and friends overseas in Australia.I bought a prepaid phone card to call overseas but then there was still a hotel connection charge.I was happy overall with my room but really disappointed that I couldn't contact people with my mobile phone! I have a US sim card that works. It does not however, work well when you are on the 27th floor of the hotel!Overall, I would stay there again as the rooms were great, tidy and clean. However, housekeeping does wake you up early about 8.30 am! To avoid this, put a sign outside your door saying you don't want to be disturbed.I always eat at Grand Central. Great soups at the Hearty Soup place and the Oyster Bar isn't bad for Australian Burramundi!Enjoy staying at the UN Millennium. The service is great and the staff are efficient and the pool while a bit small is good for exercising.	
Jun 25 2007 	When the view is the high point.... Not a 4 Star experience!	Yes, the views are spectacular, but really, how much time does one spend gazing out the window on vacation? The other plus is the pool, which is small, but well-maintained and has an attendent.Now on to the many negatives- the scent of cigarette smoke pervades much of the hotel. While I didn't smell smoke in my room, I did smell smoke on the floor and other places in the hotel even though it is non-smoking in the common areas. (This I attribute to the bulk of customers being international.)The location is great if you have business at the UN, otherwise forget it. As a woman with an 11 y/o and I didn't feel comfortable walking back after the theatre (past 10:30 PM). The hotel is too far off the tourist path. The closest subway stop is Grand Central at 42nd St., so that is not too convenient either.The worst part was the room- at first glance, quite attractive with furniture in blonde wood, but it was careworn when you looked closely- the carpet was separating in 2 spots, there were dirty spots on the couch and walls, the sink stopper didn't work, the tiles in the bath were dirty/stained. We also had a problem with getting water that was hot enough, the toilet ran intermittantly, one light fixture was falling down and we had no power another night when a breaker malfunctioned. (They did come promptly to fix the light and the breaker, although I did have to call more than once to get the operator to pick up the call.) They are also the first hotel to refuse to put a refrigerator in my room (I need to keep prescription Rx cold.) I used the minibar, but it was a pain.All-in-all, I was very disappointed in the experience. I've paid less for better hotels in the city, e.g., the Inter-Continental, W.	
Jun 21 2007 	Great View Away from the Hustle	Cracking views over the East River and its location a lttle away from the madding crowd but still with good transport links were the highlights. Forget the hotel breakfasts though, part of the fun was eating with the locals in nearby delis and diners.	
Jun 18 2007 	Awesome View Great Location Facility Upkeep is Average	My wife and I stayed at this hotel the weekend of June 16, 2007. The views are nothing short of breathtaking--especially at night. We had a river view. The hotel is located just a three block walk from Grand Central Station and about a 30 minute (lesiurely) walk from Times Square. It is far enough from Times Square to be away from the hustle and bustle, but cose enough to be accessible. You can even take a subway from Grand Central to Times Square if you like.The staff was very friendly. We especially liked one of the doormen, named Eddie. Unlike others, we did not get an upgrade when we arrived. I would think that over a weekend, they were available, but they were not offered. We didn't ask, so we assume part of the responsibility.The lobby looks very elegant with lots of black and emerald green marble. There are also lots of mirrors. The rooms are light and bright with a contemporary feel. We thought they wewren't as clean as they could be. There was hair in the bathtub and the tile showed signs of mildew. It looked like the floor hadn't been mopped. The walls had lots of scuff marks on them. These are little things that we would not expect from a hotel of this caliber. It definitely has 4 star potential, but they need to keep it up. There is a small fitness center and a nice size indoor swimming pool. Both have awesome views. There is also an indoor tennis court.Snacks are in the room and there is a mini bar at the expected exhorbinant (sp) prices. No vending machines in the hotel, but there is a delie two or three doors away from the hotel if you want to purchase snacks. Internet access is available for a fee. I guess I would say that in terms of amenities, I have gotten more for my money at cheaper hotels, but in terms of the facility and the views, this was a good bargain. They just need to pay attention to detail in the cleanliness and upkeep department.	
Jun 15 2007 	very large rooms!	I stayed 3 nights in June. I visit New york 1-2 times per month on business and try to find nice hotels at reasonable prices; not alwayseasy. This hotel has the largest rooms that I have stayed in, and overall a very good experience. Yes, the elevators are a little slow and the decor is very 80's but the hotel is clean, well maintained and the service is good. Nice comfortable bed, good linens and amenities, and plenty of space to work in the room. An adequate gym but huge indoor pool, a rarity in NY. Yes, like other reviewers, I agree the views are among the best in NY. The location is actually very good, on a very quiet street but a short walk to anywhere in midtown. Awesome Chinese restaurant across the street, and had Harry Belafonte at the next table. Nice little 24 hour deli next door for early morning coffee or late night dessert.	
Jun 15 2007 	Great Hotel	I agonized over which hotel to book in NYC and finally chose this one because there was a chance of an excellent view and it had a pool. When I checked in, I asked for a view of Manhattan. They actually gave me a view of the river and Long Island, but how could I complain when they upgraded me at no extra cost to a suite--without my even asking for an upgrade? It was very impressive because I've never stayed in a suite before and I was ecstatic. The indoor pool was really nice and was surrounded by windows with a view of the city. If you are an active person, you really could walk to a lot of the attractions. We took a cab once and it was under $10. The only bad thing I could think of, and this is not that bad, is that the room seemed very cold and I tried adjusting the thermostat but had to give up and turn the air conditioning completely off. That worked for me and I was comfortable.I would definitely stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 5 2007 	Good location good food room clean but a bit tired superlative views!	I read reviews here and, as it was our anniversary, I wanted to surprise my husband with views of his favourite NY building (Chrysler) from our window, and so specifically requested a room with such a view. The hotel didn't respond to several emails I sent, asking for confirmation of the 'room with the view', and so I was surprised, on arrival, to be told they'd upgraded us to a suite on the 36th floor, which had stunning views of the river! Oh well, it was much better than a standard room, although it was a pity we didn't get the Chrysler building to look at. The suite was kept pretty clean, though I found some cellophane scraps on the bathroom floor and also some hairs (eeeeuuuww!). The shower (above the bath) was powerful enough, but old-looking and tired, and the grouting between the tiles was stained and old. I wouldn't let my shower room at home get to such a state. But then, I'm super-fussy! I've been in much worse hotel bathrooms, and better ones.The suite had one bedroom (queen size bed), a lounge with plenty of room, a small kitchen, a bathroom and a cloakroom. Big picture windows in both the lounge and the bedroom, but only the lounge one would open - we asked if they could fix the bedroom one (it was seized up), but they spun us some story about it being a Health &amp; Safety issue, yet we could see plenty of other rooms were equipped with opening windows, so we think they just couldn't be bothered to look into it. Also the aircon in the bedroom had a very irritating and noisy rattle, which was loud and intermittent enough to disturb our sleep (that and the rather hard and uncomfortable bed), but again, though we requested for it to be de-rattled, we don't believe they even looked at it, for the grating obviously hadn't been disturbed.The kitchen was completely devoid of pots, pans, dishes and cutlery. Apparently you have to order these from room service (and pay the price + tips!). However, the fridge came in useful for our bottles of water. The mini bar was stocked, and there was an additional tray of goodies left out on the sideboard - very tempting, until we checked and found that these were NOT complimentary, but sold at the same price as the contents of the mini bar! I had to hide it away in a cupboard so as not to be tempted! In fact, the thing we missed the most was a kettle and tea bags etc for the morning! We're used to this complimentary tea/coffee making facilities in the UK - I assumed the absence of such must be normal in the US. When we asked if we could have a kettle and tea bags, all they managed was a filter coffee machine with tea bags (!) and some coffee and sugar. No milk. When we asked again, the restaurant gave us a jugful to take back to our room. No extra charge appeared on the bill. It was an interesting exercise, making tea in a coffee maker!Breakfast was extra, and very good - we chose the full buffet breakfast, which gave us choice of everything. The fruit was particularly good, and the muffins. We also had dinner in the restaurant on two nights, and in the bar on another night. Expensive, but very good. HUGE salads, excellent service, and very accommodating to our slight faddiness.Though we didn't use the leisure facilities, we did have a look in there to grab some more photos of the views from the other tower - and saw what we were missing with the view of the Chrysler building, which was very close and would have been wonderful lit up at night. There were just two people in the pool, and it did look lovely.Every member of staff we spoke to were polite, pleasant and SMILED - even the chamber maids in the corridor. In fact, we found nearly all the New Yorkers we met to be very friendly, smiling and helpful people. If you stand on a street corner with an open map, someone will invariably approach and ask if they can help.The hotel is adjacent to the UN building, next to the East River, and the walk to Grand Central Station is only about half a mile. It was good to get out of the hussle and bustle of the main part of town - it was noticeably quieter in the streets around the hotel.Overall, the hotel was very pleasant and just as good as you'd expect from a large 4 star hotel in the UK - better in some ways, especially the restaurant/bar service, which excellent.	
May 30 2007 	Great digs for the money!	What can I say about a large, spotless, modern room with an amazing view? Everything about our stay here over Memorial Day was spectacular. The staff was friendly and helpful (including doormen, concierge, desk staff, even bartenders!) Even the elevators were fast. Our room with a king bed was spotless and very comfortable. We will definitely be back, great location too.	
May 28 2007 	Great Location	My wife and I stayed here over Memorial Day weekend, and I too was apprehensive over some of the reviews. I would (will) definitely stay again. It's not the Ritz - but that shouldn't be what you're expecting for the price. From my perspective, the location is perfect. I had considered booking something that was closer to the heart of everything, but after witnessing the madness and crowds there, I was glad I did not. The neighborhood is great, and we were still able to walk everywhere - to Buddakan in Chelsea on Friday (took about 45 minutes) and Central Park, MoMA, Lincoln Center, Theatre District, etc. the next day. If walking isn't your thing - Grand Central is only 10 minutes away. The place could use a little updating (it does have an 80's Wang Chung feel with all the glass and black marble) - but is definitely a good value. The staff was great (we asked for a room with a view and they upgraded us for free). We hardly saw another human being except staff for our entire trip - it was like we had the place to ourselves. You really couldn't get me to stay anywhere else next time.	
May 24 2007 	Great Value for Money	After reading some of the reviews we were a bit wary, but we were pleasantly surprised, room was clean and smart, as was the bathroom. Although not right in the biz did not take you long to get there as Central Station was only a ten minute walk away connecting you to anywhere you would want to go.As said previously the view from our room was fantastic (38th floor).Would definately recommend this hotel great value for money.	
May 23 2007 	Fab view	Stayed here last summer - good sized room with amazing view, okay location (10 mins to central station), dinner excellent, swimming pool lovely surprise. conceirge helpful, snifffer dogs interesting! Got bumped up to superior room which was a nice surprise.Would stay here again.	
May 22 2007 	Excellent Views - Very Nice Hotel!!	As per many of the reviews, this hotel has some of the most stunning views. We were on the 36th floor facing down 1st &amp; 2nd Avenue with the UN building and river on the left and Empire State + Chrysler Buildings on the right. Every time you walked into the room and looked out the window it was amazing. The room was very nice indeed as we had been a little worried about some of the previous comments, but in general it was a very smart room. The bed was enormous and comfortable, bathroom was clean and smart.The hotel staff were very friendly with the Concierge being fantastically helpful and all the staff were polite and attentive to ensure we had a pleasant stay (including the dog team who checked the luggage!). Some reviews had commented on lift problems - we never encoutnered any and they were quick.Location - in our opinion, this place is just about perfect. It is 10 mins walk (maximum!) to Grand Central station and from there you can be in Time Sq in 2 mins so you are right in it. Whilst being close enough, you are also out of all the hussle an noise which is bliss after hard day's shopping and sight-seeing. On the way to Grand Central there is a friendly coffee shop at the top of the 44th Street that sells the best coffee and breakfast rolls to get you started on the day.Personally, I would ignore the bad reviews as I they are completely opposite to our experience. This is a great hotel, friendly staff and good value for money.	
May 12 2007	Great views Great Location - bit dated	great views, great locations, ok staff, hotel a bit dated but well worth considering. Swiming on the 27th floor was interesting. See if you can get a corner room. Mine looked straight at the crysler tower and the empire state	
May 2 2007 	Once again praise for the views!	I know that most of the reviews for this hotel go on and on about the views, but they really are worth every penny ( or cent). We have stayed in other hotels in New York which were a bit smarter and/or cheaper but chose this one for the views - and we were thrilled with our decision.OK, some of the hotel's decoration scheme is a little dated - a bit 80s - wonderful if you like looking at yourself in mirrors all the time, but we asked to be in the best tower for the view, so we knew from the reviews that we mightn't be getting a refurbished room. The best bit for us though, was that we were upgraded and given a 2 bedroom suite instead of the 2 rooms originally booked. This meant we had a triangular living room that is situated in the south facing pointy part of the West tower and had simply wonderful views both sides. Through our full length windows we could see the East River and the UN, across to Brooklyn, south along the FDR, the Williamsburg, Manhattan and Verrazano Bridges, down to the World Financial Center and all of midtown Manhattan. The 2 bedroom suite had 3 bathrooms (!), a kitchenette and living/dining room. The main bedroom is huge and has its own seating area and approximately 8 double wardrobes (one with a washing machine in it!) as well as umpteen drawers and that was just in the main room (I think we had all Tallbloke7's storage -sorry!) The kitchenette means that you have a giant fridge of your own, but you have to pay extra if you want any utensils other than a few glasses. The kitchenette has its own window and therefore must be the best place in the world to do washing up. The beds were incredibly comfortable, and the rooms were kept clean (despite us leaving stuff all over the place - we are a messy bunch)Every member of staff we came across was helpful, friendly and welcoming - thanks especially to reception staff (Sarah?) for checking us in quickly despite arriving at the same time as a coach party.I was quite happy with the 10 minute walk to Grand Central station in order to get anywhere else but my husband moaned - he'd rather be in the centre of things. (This may not have been an issue if we'd not had a couple of very rainy days.)If the view from your room is not important to you then stay somewhere else more fashionable, central or cheaper. If, however, you want to be welcomed back, go to bed and then wake up with this incredible sight (see photos) then this hotel is the one for you.	
Apr 30 2007 	Fabulous View Enjoyable Stay	We were given a room on the 31st floor looking south down First Avenue down towards Lower Manhattan which was absolutely breathtaking. I could lie on my bed and look out the window and see The Empire State Building about 3/4 mile away. Up against the window, you could see The Chrysler Building a couple of blocks away to the right and The UN Building to the left. Magic. The room and the bathroom were of a generous size, bigger than I expected, and were always kept very clean and of a high standard, as was the rest of the hotel. The entrance lobby is impressive, especially lit up at nite. Only complaint is we could have done with a bit more storage space such as a couple of small chest of drawers. The staff were always welcoming and friendly. Room service is very pricey, and probably aimed at the business / diplomat traveller, but there are quite a few eateries / diners a couple of minutes away along Second Avenue. Would certainly stay again, we stayed for 5 nights, it contributed to making the whole holiday very enjoyable. Also, for the price, it was very good value.	
Apr 24 2007 	Loved the view!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Me and my fiance just returned from our 2 night stay at the Millenium UN Plaza. I read alot of reviews before selecting this hotel. We mainly choose it because of the views and location. Parents should be warned that the windows do NOT have screens and they slide open. The window opening was at my waist. There are chairs right next to it and all i kept thinking was i was surprised there have not been any accidents. I hope it stays that way!! We had a view of the Empire State Building, with was breathtaking:) We did not find it hard at all to get around and loved the location of the hotel. The rooms were clean and extremely soundproof. The complaint i do have is that it said on their website that you may request a refrigerator. When we got there we called the front desk and were told that it is an extra $35. per day to do so. After reading the quest book in the room it said nothing about a charge. The only &quot;extra&quot; charge would be for a cot. So we called the front desk and talked to a manager who send us up one free of charge. Also there are NO ice machines. You have to have a bucket sent to your room. Another ploy to make money. The man actually stood at my door staring at me from accross the room for a tip. I have no problem with tipping, but lets get real folks....its frozen water! Before getting the frige, i had to pay for 3 buckets of ice. Also the valet parking is redicioulsy overpriced. $90.00 for 2 days is a bit much considering we paid $550.00 for our stay. They should have some sort of discount for people who are staying at the hotel. Do not use the mini bar..$6.00 for a can of soda etc etc. The bed was not comfortabale at all, i woke up with a back ache both days. I sound like im complaning alot, but im not trying to. We did have a great time all and all. I just wanted to point out some things so you are not as blind sided as we were.	
Apr 22 2007 	Good but could be better without much effort.	This hotel was a fair value for the money, but they could greatly improve the property by paying attention to some minor maintenance and cleaning issues. The mirror on the bathroom door had paint on the edge of it from a careless painter, and it should have been removed and replaced or the paint should have been removed. The base-board tiles in the bathroom appeared to have stains on the tops of many tiles from wallpaper paste residue. The seam between the bathroom floor tiles and the carpeting was rough and uneven. The windows could have been cleaner (the view was fantastic).I would return because I could overlook the shortcomings, but it does not make sense that the management or the owners (hard to tell which) are not taking better care of the property.	
Apr 17 2007 	would stay again	Don't listen to people who say it's too far out, Grand Central is 2 blocks away and very easy to find. I can't imagine how close to things some people have to be this is a 20 min walk at a slow pace. Just right for working off some of the oversize portions.The room was big and contrary to what some people found it was very clean. Ok the shampoo etc is in very small bottles but the cleaner will leave a new one every day if you use some out of it.The concierge was great and went out of his way to tell us hints and tips about the area. Reception staff were very friendly as were doormen. I can't fault anyone there.The views were fantastic as everyone has said. and lets face it unless you wanted complete luxury for some special occasion (which would cost you twice as much anyway), it's a place to crash.If you don't pre book tickets for the empire state building go to &quot;the top of the rock&quot; (Rockerfeller) which costs $17 has perspex to see through and you can book a time so there is no hanging around in queues	
Apr 12 2007 	Very little amenities but great for the health club	We stayed at the Millenium U.N. Plaza during the Easter weekend. This hotel has a very uneven quality.The hotel is located off the beaten path, which is a good and a bad thing. The Grand Central subway station is a good 20 minutes walk away. It's located very near the United Nations of course, and there are numerous U.N. foreign missions or consulates in the area. It's a very secure and quiet area, not very commercial either.The service from the staff is excellent, but I found the cleaning service a bit lazy in the corners...Tip: If you come by car, don't use the valet service at $45 a day, but park on 45th street, there is an appartment building with parking spaces for $32.95 per day.The amenities in the rooms are somewhat nonexistant: no bathrobe, no slippers, no razor or toothbrushes, only tiny soapbars and microscopic shampoo bottles. The TV set was very old, early-nineties looking. Disapointing.The mattress was also uncomfortable and the bedsheets did not include a contour sheet (with the elastic fit), which I found very surprising. We kept trying not to end up directly sleeping on the mattress surface...The best features of this hotel are the view (Northeast, East and SouthEast, depending on the room) and the health club, which comprises a sauna and a pool with a panoramic view towards the East (Queens, Brooklyn) and the South (Midtown and downtown Manhattan). Hope this review helps you. This is a good hotel, but it has a few weaknesses that are quite surprising, considering the advertising image.	
Apr 11 2007 	Huge Disappointment	It all depends on your standards. If you're comparing it to an EconoLodge, this hotel is okay. Not great, even by that standard, but okay. By the standards of a Four Seasons, however, or even your basic Marriott, it's awful. It didn't bother my wife, daughter and me that it was somewhat out of the way, or even that the first 20 or so floors are occupied by offices of UN staffers who smoke like chimneys, which meant the elevators were foul and unbreathable, but the room had stained linens, the sofa was so grubby my wife and daughter wouldn't sit on it, the carpet had a hole all the way through to the cement floor, a light bulb was hanging from a broken fixture in the ceiling, the air conditioning didn't work at all (the repairman was pleasant, however), and the service was indifferent to surly. I could hardly believe the place; it was as if we were on some kind of Candid Camera joke. On the other hand, the view (through the dirty, scratched windows) was good. But we moved out ASAP, and demanded (and got) a 50% refund for the time we were there. I cannot imagine staying at this place again.	
Apr 7 2007 	Sipping wine watching New York Skyline - absolutely surreal - like a movie set	We stayed here from 23 March for six nights - 35 floor of East Tower. Two tips - if you plan to use the pool (which is lovely) ask Reception to provide bath robes for your stay and you can nip to the pool using these - we did and lots of people were asking us how we got them. Also, ask for more than one towel when you check into the pool as they are so small - we girls need one for our hair and one for our toes!!The hotel itself felt very safe for two girls travelling together - we did use the restaurant - twice for the buffet breakfast, which was brillian - expensive but we ate so much we didnt need to eat again till night time, and once for dinner and it was very good. Ask the concierge to provide coffee making facilities - we did and they gave us a nice pot and filter coffee each morning. Put the tray outside the door as room service do not remove it - you will not be charged for this.Really recommend Ellen's Diner up at Times Square for something to eat - the waiting staff sing all through your meal and they are all really good - great atmosphere and not too dear - good night out.Yes, you are a bit out of the way, but we met people who were staying at the theatre district who could not sleep for the noise during the night - whereas we came home, had a glass of wine and soaked up the views over the East River and Empire State Building - just as well we were on the 35th floor cos we didnt close the blinds once during our stay as we did not want to miss a minute. Go to this hotel - I honestly do not think you will regret it.	
Apr 2 2007 	Fine hotel a l ittle out of the way	This is the ultimate way to see NYC at a reasonable price. We got a good rate for a very nice hotel. The room was lovely. Beautiful view of the river. Gorgeous. The room was fine. There were amenities we didn't have time to take advantage of, but the lobby was lovely, conceirge quite helpful. My only qualm about this hotel is that if you are a subway person (as opposed to a cab person), it's a few blocks to Grand Central Station. If you want ultimate convenience, that's not what this offers, but at the same time, it's just a few blocks. Not a big deal and totally worth it. The staff were friendly and helpful, let us check in early, no problem. It was great.	
Apr 2 2007 	Disappointing I'm afraid.	We stayed at the UN Millenium Plaza for four nights from 22 March. Although the hotel public areas are very nice and, as other reviews have stated, the views from the rooms are wonderful (we were on the 36th floor) the let down was the room itself.For what is supposed to be a 5 star hotel, the bedroom was very basic without even tea/coffee making facilities and the bathroom was even worse. The bathroom needed a good clean and certainly a redecoration and updating of the facilities. Whilst I would have preferred to stay somewhere more central, I realise that others would like the fact that the hotel is some distance from such attractions as Times Square.For me, the hotel is good just as a place to sleep and is not the 5 star property it is advertised as and I'm afraid I was disappointed.	
Mar 26 2007 	Fabulous Pool and Views; A Great Stay	We stayed at this hotel at the end of March after reading a lot of the reviews on this site. We had a great stay; I think one's happiness with this hotel depends a lot on what you're looking for. So, here are the outstanding features which, if important to you, will make you love this hotel. First, the POOL. If you have kids who enjoy a hotel pool, or need to get your daily swim in, stay here. I thoroughly researched pools in Manhattan hotels before our trip. There are a total of seven pools in all of Manhattan's hotels and except for this one, they ALL close by 7:30 or 8 pm, and may even require lap swimming (no pool play) and swim caps. The Millenium pool, however, is open until 10 pm. The water is warm, the view of the skyline and river breathtaking, and the shower/locker room facilities extremely nice. Your kids (or you) can splash around or use your own pool toys with no restrictions, and there are nice lounge chairs all around the pool for watching. They provide towels too! Next - the quiet! Yes, it's true the hotel isn't in midtown but that's a plus; it's so nice to be able to leave the hotel and walk along the river and hear something besides honking horns. I was so grateful to not have to &quot;hear New York&quot; around the clock. People have already written about the stupendous views and the very spacious rooms. We stayed in the East Tower, which has been &quot;remodeled,&quot; and although the rooms are simple they are huge and comfortable, with a well stocked mini-bar. And, the staff were exceptionally courteous. The few things that are &quot;less than perfect:&quot; unfortunately they don't have &quot;in room&quot; coffee, but since I knew that ahead of time I brought a small &quot;Mr. Coffee&quot; pot and some coffee and just made our own. Next: parking. Always a problem in New York. However, the hotel is on 44th, and right around the corner on 45th, a two minute walk, is a garage where we left the car. This also saves you a lengthy wait to get your car if you use the hotel's valet parking. We found the hotel to be really lovely in all respects, especially since having a pool for kids to play in was high on our list of &quot;must have's.&quot; So if a pool, a view, peace and quiet, a helpful staff, and a room big enough to really move around in are what makes your hotel stays worth it, you absolutely won't be disappointed by staying here.	
Mar 26 2007 	Fantastic View but let down by the bathroom....	I had mixed feelings about this hotel - there were positives and negatives.Firstly, the view was amazing. We had a room on the 28th floor in the East Tower. This meant that we have a great view over the East River but also the Chrysler and Empire State Buildings! This was a highlight in itself.The most positive aspect was the size of the room. It was pretty big. So many hotels in NYC have the tiniest rooms, but this was a really good size.The room was basic but perfectly adequate. One of the beds was pretty bad and rocked constantly, but it was my choice not too bother reporting this to reception.The biggest let down was the bathroom. Quite frankly it was disgusting. The room needed a really good deep clean. It stunk of cigarette smoke, the skirting boards were black with grime, there were no end of hairs that did not belong to us appearing, the shower was poor and the general hygiene was very poor. The bathroom also looked as though it had not been included when the room was renovated.Apart from the bathroom, I was generally happy with the hotel. We did not eat there as the prices were ridiculous even for NYC!The reception staff were great and extended our check out until 3pm which really made a difference on the last day.To sum up, I would go back, but only if I got a really, really good deal.	
Mar 23 2007 	Recommended -	We stayed in the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel at the end of February and highly recommend it. The room was big and clean and as everyone says - great views of the Chrysler building and the Empire State. If you've not been to New York yo might think it's a really big city and this hotel is too far out but it's not at all. You can walk to Times Square from here....but with a metro card it's even easier! $28(?) will get you 7days travel on all the subway's and buses and from the hotel it's only a short walk to Grand Central where you can get the shuttle to times square or join a number of different subway lines depending on what you're doing that day. There are shops and deli's near the hotel which are above average - expected maybe when you consider the business the UN brings in. There are restaurants in easy walking distance and a variety of food to choose from. There are less people about at night because it's more of a business area, but it was never empty and there was always traffic going past so I was necver worried.Can highly recommend the Confort Diner on 45th(?) - great for breakfast but it does get very busy at weekends so if you time it wrong, expect to queue!	
Mar 15 2007 	Absolutely brilliant	We stayed in the UN Plaza Hotel in early January, we had a two bed suite for family of five adults. The lounge was large, plenty of room to hold a roll out bed. The suite had a kitchen, which was really handy, the staff provided pots/pans/plates/ cutlery. The female receptionstaff were friendly and helpful, as was the concerierge. The pool/gym/sauna was nearly always quiet, it was also clean and provided toiletries etc. The view from the room was sensational, we could see over Manhatton and over the river. It looked as if some building work down by the river may impact on the river view, if they build a high rise. We liked the little 24hour shop just up from the hotel for take away coffee and cakes, we also got good fruit and food from the stalls under the Grand Central Station. We noticed a lot of security round the front of the hotel, including some kind of security dogs.We were really lucky with the weather, it was a record high during our stay, five nights was nowhere near enough time to do all the things we wanted, but we had a fantastic time and would recommend the hotel for the views and the pool, and nice staff.	
Mar 14 2007	Great Views!	I stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza as I was in NY to do the marathon. I have very little to complain about with regards to the hotel - the room I stayed in was great! The beds were very comfortable and the view was amazing. I was lucky enough to have a room which was on the corner of the hotel so I had more windows. The only complaint I have is that the hotel was a little cold. Especially after running 26 miles, I was looking forward to a nice hot bath but jumped in and got the fright of my life - the water was freezing! However, putting this aside, I thought the hotel and the staff were very friendly and accommodating. Also, great location!	
Mar 6 2007 	Excellent in the end!	First room we were given had great views Chrysler building &amp; Empire state, but the room was shabby, huge but shabby. Sheets had little holes in them and the room smelt of cooking, probably because of the little kitchen that was in there, good idea but the cooker looked like it came off the Titanic. Final straw was that the shower didn't work. They moved us within 2 hours to another room slightly smaller, no kitchen, good who cooks on holiday!. The view was even better, Empire state and Chrysler and a view up the East river. Edward &amp; Kenzo the conciergeare very helpful, ask them anything. Staff are very friendly. Beds are very comfy.Try Johns at the end of the road for breakfast we went every day for five days and the staff soon recognise you and are very friendly. Chinese restaurant opposite is good and friendly. Deans on 2nd Ave is good too. The Ambassador Grill in the hotel is slighty expensive ,but very good the NY steak was excellent and try the prawn and crab starter. We had a brilliant holiday, we took our 7 year old and it is very child friendly	
Mar 1 2007 	Worried at first needn't have been would go again!	Was worried after reading some reviews on here, all i can say is WOW! we went during Feb half term and the hotel was amazing. Checked in early 1pm asked for a corner room, when we walked through the door my jaw dropped at the view from the window. East river and UN on one side and the magnificent Chrysler Building on the other. Need I say more, we didn't close the blinds at night and went to sleep, and woke up with the most amazing view. The photos don't do it justice.The staff were extremely helpful and polite, unlike some reviews read on here, and the elevators were never a problem. We had bar snacks in the Ambassador Grill, bit pricey but good and never had a problem getting a cab due to the amazing whistling skills of the doorman.We ate at Johns all but one morning and it was cheap and cheerful, good food, great service. However on the last morning the concierge advised us to the Comfort Diner on 46thstreet, i think between 2nd and 3rd. There the service was even better and the food was excellent!!!!!! I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in NYC especially if you want to avoid the busy and noisy Times Square area, its great location and within walking distance of 5th ave (10mins) Grand central (5 mins) Enjoy!! ask for a corner room!	
Feb 28 2007 	Great stay!	We took the Airport Express Coach from Newark ($23pp return) to Grand Central Station which is the 3rd stop in Manhattan. From there it's only a 10 minute walk to the hotel which is situated on E44th Street between 1st and 2nd Avenues. The reception area is very plush and clean with very helpful concierge and reception staff. There are 2 towers - east and west. We had a room on the 31st floor of the west tower. The room was clean, with neutral decoration and a good size with large bed, minibar (v.expensive!), TV, air con/heating, a small table and chairs and a great view of the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings from the window with floor to ceiling glass. The bathroom was clean but could have done with modernisation.The hotel has an amazing swimming pool on the 27th floor of the east tower which has floor to ceiling windows with views over the East River and Manhattan. There are also saunas, a massage area and a well equipped gym. The towels provided are so small though - like hand towels! There are tennis courts on the 30th floor which you book and pay extra for. There is a restaurant and room service in the hotel, but we did not have either as we were out day and night! A great place for breakfast (as mentioned in lots of reviews) is Johns. We paid $20 for 2 hot breakfasts with toast, jam and unlimited coffee including a tip which set us up for the day's walking.The nearest subway at Grand Central takes you to the Brooklyn Bridge and Ground Zero area. On the subway and buses you can either buy $2 one journey tickets or a day fun pass for $7. We got a bus on 2nd Avenue to South Ferry to get on the Staten Island Ferry (free) to see the Statue of Liberty. Within walking distance of the hotel are Times Square, Central Park, 5th Avenue shops, Rockefeller Centre, Empire State Building and the New York City Library.I would definitely stay here again as it was comforable, clean, a great location and the staff made you feel welcome.	
Feb 12 2007	The Best Week Ever	A truly unforgettable stay, hotel clean, warm and friendly.Staff - Robert outstanding.Ideally located for Grand Central Station. Visit John's for breakfast absolutely brilliant - cheap, fast and friendly.We had the best week ever, and the Millenium Plaza helped make it truly unforgettable.	
Feb 8 2007	good hotel/good location	Good deal on the room rate, great view, nice room, no complaints. We felt very safe there, good security. Near the UN, so it has a very international clientele. We would stay there again on our next visit to NY.	
Feb 1 2007	Fantastic Hotel!	After reading some of the reviews on here we were a little concerned about what the hotel was going to be like. But we were more than pleased with it. Really good location, absolutely amazing views of Manhattan, and the room was very comfortable and big. Ordinarily it would've been very expensive, but with a good deal this hotel was more than easily worth it.	
Jan 27 2007	Great Hotel	We booked this hotel at a bargain rate through cityandshow, so had low expectations of quality before arrival. On the contrary the hotel was fantastic - a large, comfortable room with comfy kingsize bed, stunning view and good soundproofing. The staff were courteous and helpful at all times, and the pool provided a welcome respite from our daily treks round the sights. For us the location was perfect - within walking distance of the subway, Grand Central and tourbus connection, but quiet in the evenings with a relaxed residential atmosphere. We'd recommend the Nations Cafe 2 blocks up for a good value yummy breakfast in the company of locals and UN workers - a pleasant change from the tourist haunts.	
Jan 22 2007 	Wonderful hotel	We got this hotel on Hotwire.com for $155 night. It was the only 4 star available at that rate, so we jumped on it. Obviously, January in NYC isn't prime vacation time, but we certainly felt like we got a great deal.Valet parking the car was easy and the doormen/reception were friendly and very efficient. Valet parking is $42/day – I'm sure that you could find a little cheaper rate if you drove around, but we were ready to be out of the car.Check-in was straightforward.The room was HUGE, by NYC standards. To be frank, it might be the largest hotel room we've ever stayed in. We had a king sized bed, a sitting area with sofa and two end chairs and the best view I've ever had of the NY skyline. The Empire State building and the Chrysler building were directly in front of the window! The television was older, but who cares.The 27th floor on the East wing has a lovely gym/massage/pool area. The pool's view is worth a million bucks.My husband and I are walkers (regularly log 7+ miles a day walking around the city) so the location was fine with us. It's not a terribly residential part of the city, so the streets were quieter at night. However, noting in Manhattan is more than about a five minute walk and that distance either south or west opened up more dining/entertainment possibilities.If you're a midtown/theatre visitor and don't love to walk, I'd probably recommend against this hotel. If it were any further east, you'd be in the East River.I will definitely try to get this hotel again. Average room rates seem to hover around $300, so we were so fortunate to get it for $155.	
Jan 19 2007 	Great rooms good value in need of a little updating	Despite the fact that the hotel feels a little run down in places (for instance, there were huge dents in the elevator door and the TV's are from the 1970's) this hotel has three gigantic benefits. 1) Rooms are huge. Anyone who has spent time in NYC knows and appreciates the luxury of a big room and a big bathroom. You can't underestimate this aspect of the hotel.2) Price was very reasonable. Traveling in NYC in December can be very expensive, even terrible hotels were over $400/night. We used Hotwire and locked in a very reasonable rate. 3) View was impressive. This is covered in many other posts. Yes, it's a bit of a hike but I like walking around Manhattan. I would absolutely stay here again.	
Jan 15 2007	Decent hotel but disappointing!	The staff were very nice and the hotel was clean, but hardly a 4 star hotel, as it claimed. Its a decent 3-star. Fabulous views from most rooms, but the corner 2-window rooms are very hard to come by. We changed rooms 3-4 times and while all the views were nice, there were no 2-window rooms like the one on their website. Also, the hotel is notable walking distance from the nearest subway and major NY attractions. Bring your walking shoes!	
Jan 10 2007	Awesome View!!!!	I stayed at the Millenium UN Plaza for two nights. When booking on the Hotels Website i requested a Room in the West-Tower (which is headed to Manhattan) to get a city view (the Hotel rooms are from floor 29 to 39, so was going to be &quot;Highfloor&quot; anyways). We got a rate for 179$ a night which is quite reasonable for New York Hotels. On our check-In we were given Room 3338 (33rd Floor). When entering the room my heart almost stopped beating. it was just such a breathtaking view!!! and it even got better at night!!! (have a look at the pics). The windows of the room go down to the floor. the bathroom was veery large and nice-with very laaarge mirrors.But everything else in the room was not special. The bed not comfortable and a very old TV .The Hotel Lobby was very nice, but very small. They have a small pool in the 27th floor which offers an amazing view too, and there is free sauna also - both closes at 10pm.The hotels &quot;Ambassadors Bar&quot; offers Breakfast for 17$ (25$ for in-room). we never tried.The concierge was more than friendly and helped a lot!! everybody else was friendly too except one lady.The location of the hotel is in a rather quiet area (East Side,1st Ave). Across the street is the UnitedNations Headquarters, but to get to real downtown you have to walk 10minutes to GrandCentralStation and take the subway (takes u everywhere a whole day for 7$).So if u wanna be inmidst of lively areas, i don´t recommend this Hotel. Overall its a GREAT hotel if you prefer AMAZING views, cause all rooms are highfloor!!! you will definately ENJOY the view!!But i won´t go there again cause it was simply too far away from CityCenter/Times Square.	
Jan 8 2007 	Excellent Place to Stay With Kids	I stayed at the Millenim Plaza with my two kids (2y.o &amp; 6 y.o). Our room was big ( by NY standards) clean, with a big comfortable king size bed and they provided a rollaway bed as a part of the price. Our room had a great view of the Empire State Building and Manhattan. The Hotel is located in a very safe &amp; clean area of NY. THe UN is accross the road and there is security everywhere, so it is very safe to walk around this area at night. Were were very close to some wonderful diners, restaurants and supermarkets, The Amish Market a few blocks west was excellent for purchasing groceries to make lunch for the kids. We were only a few blocks from the main attractions and we used to walk to Grand Central Station to catch the subway which was a couple of blocks away. if it all got too hard a cab from Grand Central Station ( and the Subway) was around $6 (inc Tip). The staff were always very freindly and courteous, and didn't expect a tip for any questions asked.It was nice to tip and have the staff be very appreciative and not annoyed because it wasn't enough. For a reasonable price away from the tourist trap areas, this hotel is definatley worth a look. I have recommeded this hotel to all my friends and will definately stay there again.	
Jan 4 2007 	Great	I booked this hotel with a promocode from travelzoo and was very happy with this hotel. The rate was under $200 and, with the upgrade to superior room, it was a great deal.The location was perfect, just close enough to all the attractions and yet just far enough away from the hordes so you didn't feel crowded. Grand Central is close by so subways are easy. There are some great restaurants nearby too.The staff was professional but the only minor complaint was the concierge was wasn't that helpful with shuttles to the airport.I'd stay there again.	
Jan 4 2007	I wouldn't recommend for its location.	My review was for my stay on Dec 26-Dec 28, 2006. I was pleasantly surprised after I've read the terrible reviews here. I got the hotel through Priceline.I usually come to NY for Broadway shows. I've stayed in at least 30 different hotels in NY which I've gotten through Priceline. THE POSITIVES: Nice room (a person who checked in before asked for a high floor) with a view, express elevators, amenities include lotion (a rarity) and shower cap (a rarity), a bath tub plug (don't see that often), one of the few hotels which give you the option to keep your used towels for environmental and conservation reasons, a free NY guidebook (but I called the front desk to make sure I can take it without penalty), a mini-bar with the usual overpriced stuff (if you go for that).THE NEGATIVES: I'm one of those people who stay within the Broadway area so I like to keep going back to the hotel to rest in between shows and meals. It's quite a walk. You have to take the Shuttle from Grand Central to Time Square and even with that, it's quite an inconvenient walk in the Subway and outside. Maybe the peak crowding of NY and the fact that I'm slightly under the weather affected my walking prowess.	
Jan 2 2007 	Great price for a spacious room	I had long ago booked a trip to New York City for December 25-30 and had made a tentative reservation at the Newton Hotel on the Upper West Side. However, in November I received a special promotional email from Hotwire offering a $179/night rate at the UN Millennium Plaza. After feeling some trepidation because of a few negative reviews on TripAdvisor, I went ahead and changed to the Millennium. I have to say that my partner and I were delighted with our stay. Unlike the reviewer on December 30, we had a very easy time checking in, perhaps because it was on Christmas Day, and we were given a king superior room on the top floor (38th). The room was huge with fabulous north-facing views of the city. Furnishings were plain but stylish in the Scandinavian style, the bathroom was large, and we actually had a walk-in closet. The staff was very friendly and seemed eager to please. The location, while somewhat off the beaten track, turned out to be the perfect antidote to the horrific crowds in New York between Christmas and New Year's...so the hotel was a blessed refuge from the tumult on the streets. It's also only a couple of blocks from Grand Central Station, so one can easily hop on one of the several subway lines that converge there. In fact, I took the new rail link from Grand Central to JFK airport on my return, and it was remarkably easy (and a bargain at $7). All in all, we definitely would return to the Millennium if offered a similar rate.	
Jan 1 2007 	Solid value at this quiet hotel	We stayed 5 nights, starting December 22, 2006. Something of a tradition with us -- indeed, our first stay here was New Year's, 1983. The old place shows a bit of wear in the corridors. But our corner room (40 feet of windows overlooking the East River and midtown) was nicely renovated, as was the bathroom. We make few demands on room service, concierges and so on. So we have few comments on service -- except that it was perfectly affable and professional, whenever we dealt with staff.The location is a great one, in my opinion: that part of the east side is quiet, neighbourly, unhurried, yet so close to the best shopping (and the subway).The dodgiest bit was the Christmas clientele: mid-western fleece-wearers; also UK plebs and their nasty teenage offspring. But this may be a seasonal aberration. My spouse will advise: next trip to UN and this hotel is scheduled for Jan. 23, 2007........	
Dec 28 2006 	Excellent !	I stayed on dec 24th and the room # is 4040, which is the topmost and cornered one. The view was great great great, and bathroom was large large large. I cannot say luxurious interior but they manage them well enough. Service was good, too. Definitely, thumb up!	
Dec 19 2006 	Best Night Ever!!!!!	I had the best hotel stay ever at the Millennium last night. My significant other and I went to the city for a night and chose a Superior room at the Millennium. The door man was incredibly kind and polite. The front desk was courteous and quick to check us in. Our room was a corner room with two walls of windows facing the east river and downtown Manhattan. I could see from the tri-borough bridge all the way to the Brooklyn bridge and over to the empire state and chrystler building. We were awe struck by the view (which is as amazing in the day as it is in the night). On our way out to dinner, the doorman was again very helpful about telling us what subway stop to get off at and giving us a map. Check in time was early enough (at 3pm) and checkout time was nice and late at 12pm. I got a great AAA deal from contacting the hotel directly (as opposed to booking through expedia which is what I was going to do) I paid only 199 for a Superior room when Expedia had a standard for 179, plus by booking through the hotel directly, they guaranteed me a specific type of room (bed size). Pictures of the rooms on the hotels website looked just like my room, right down to the throw pillows on the bed. Stay at this hotel!	
Dec 18 2006 	The views were great!	We stayed at the UN plaza ( floor 36, west tower) for 8 nights and the views of the Chrysler, Empire State, MetLife, Rockafeller, UN and Trump Tower buildings were breathtaking and made our holiday unforgetable. If you used the swimming pool or tennis court on the top floor of the east tower the river views were also superb. We have friends who stayed at the Waldorf Astoria and they had a view of some ugly AC machinery! The UN Plaza starts on the 30th+ floor so great views are almost guaranteed. We had a large comfortable silent room and the bed was extremely comfortable. The fittings, however, were a bit on the tired side but housekeeping provided us with immaculate service. We were often happy to walk, although taxis were inexpensive by UK standards, and visited Times Square and Grand Central Terminal frequently and walking helped us to get a real feel for Manhattan.The three day pass for the sightseeing hop on/off bus tour is a good way to get about when you arrive but we quickly got tired of hearing the same commentary and used the Underground regularly - easy, quick and cheap and again a good way to feel and smell the atmosphere of New York. The locals were unfailingly friendly and helpful and our holiday was one of the best we've enjoyed.The only time we felt ripped off was when we took an expensive carriage ride in Central Park and our favourite excursion was a trip up the Top of the Rock, in a glass elevator, at dusk to see yet more stunning views. Best shopping is undoubtedly Macys.	
Dec 10 2006 	Great Experience!	We booked this hotel on Priceline one day before going to New York and weren't sure what to expect. We had read the reviews on this site and were a little worried about the location of the hotel, as well as the rooms. All for nought!! From the moment we entered the building (at 10:30 a.m.), we loved the place. Check in was not until later in the day but our room was ready and we got in immediately! Let's talk about the rooms - very cool and contemporary! We loved the furniture, the color scheme and we had a spectacular view of the river and the entire skyline - including the Empire State Building. The bed was also one of the comfiest I have slept in at a hotel.I did not see/have any of the issues described in the negative reviews, and would stay there again when we go back to New York. No, it is not in Times Square, but it is a 4 block walk to Grand Central and not far to Times Square, so don't let the location stop you! The concierge, Edward, is also wonderful!	
Dec 9 2006 	First visit to NY NY - A great hotel!	First visit to the Big Apple! Wanted a hotel with style and good position. We got both and more. Wonderful welcoming staff, and asked and received corner room with spellbinding views of NYC and river. Who could could ask for anything more? Elevators were prompt, staff vey hepful and rooms were clean and comfortable. Why woul you want to stay anywhere else? Will definately visit again!	
Dec 2 2006	Good Value for NYC	As we had never visited the UN before, we chose the UN location for this hotel. However, it was 3 or 4 blocks to Grand Central, the closest subway stop. In general, it was an above average hotel for the price in NYC-a big room with two luxurious beds, a walk-in closet and a big bathroom. However, as we were told we had an renovated 'superior' room, the tub needed re-doing, black scuff marks on the walls and the window could not be easily opened (for dramatic photos). The 27th story pool and sauna were a nice plus. Staff very accomodating and helpful.	
Nov 20 2006 	Not very good.	I stayed here while traveling on business and I am very glad I wasn't paying my own money for it. The elevators were under construction and VERY slow. There was no wireless access in the entire hotel. A fellow colleague I was traveling with got a room I wouldn't let my pet stay in (which they eventually moved him the next day). The restaurant was very pricey and not that good.For the money, there are many other hotels in NYC that are much better. I would really hesitate before staying here again.	
Nov 7 2006 	YIKES!!!! Beware of mold mildew filth and creepy staff!!!	Don't be fooled into staying at this hotel! I can't believe others reviewing this hotel were staying at the same place! Even though I requested a refurbished room and was assured that's what I got, I was horrified! This hotel was my worst experience ever in NYC. From the RUDE staff (wouldn't allow me to talk to a manager when my paid-for room wasn't available and I had to take what was left over since the hotel, and all others, were booked due to the NYC marathon) to an on-site restaurant that wouldn't allow me the use of a fork (have to use room service for that since they MUST CHARGE hotel guests for the use of a FORK ) to eat my take-out dessert with! GEEZ. How hard up are they for income if they have to charge for the loan of a FORK??? The room was filthy, mold in the shower and all corners of the bathroom. Had to have it &quot;de-mildewed&quot; before entering. Even the cleaning staff cringed. Oh, and if you enjoy waking up at 4 in the morning to the sounds of a jackhammer, this place is for you. From the first moment we entered the hotel to our exit, this experience was without question the nightmare of all nightmares. I was grossly overcharged ($350.00/night) for this highly overrated dump!	
Oct 26 2006 	Great place to stay	Stayed there with my wife for our Silver Wedding anniversary. We booked through a travel agent in the UK. It was superb. We stayed on the 39th floor and had an awesome view of the UN and East River. The staff were very friendly and although the decor was obviously old it was clean. We were originally booked into the Wellington off Broadway but changed due to bad reviews. We are glad we did. If ever we get the opprtunity we will stay there again.	
Sep 26 2006 	Too high a price for a good view	The hotel room had a superb view. My room was on the 29th floor and I had the view of the empire states building, the chrysler building, the UN and all the way across midtown. The view from the swimming pool was particularly spectacular. Other than the view, the hotel was only ok. I'd expected better for the kind of price we paid. The elevators were old and stopped working when one of the members in my group was in one. The water pressure in the bathroom could do better. The safe in the room frequently needed a change in battery (2 of the members in my group had to call the front office). The breakfast selection wasn't great at $30. The internet kiosks at the 'business center' (just 2 computers set up) charged 50cents per minute! but the broadband in the room was only $9 per 24hrs.It's a good hotel to stay if you have business in the UN or nearer government buildings. But seriously, I could probably stay in another hotel of the same standard at a cheaper price.	
Sep 16 2006 	Lovely room great view but shame about the bathroom	My husband and I stayed here for one night and paid £130 via a travel agent in the UK. The hotel is in a good location for shopping and sightseeing and the rooms start on the 28th floor so you are almost guarenteed a good view. We were on the 32nd floor and in the evening the view was amazing. The room was really spacious and had a very big comfy bed. The main thing that let this hotel down was the bathroom. The shower was an attachment to the bath and was basically a hosepipe and the other fixtures looked tired and worn out. If you ignore the bathroom then the rest of the room and hotel was great.	
Aug 25 2006 	Millennium UN PLaza Hotel - Great Place to stay In NY	We stayed at this hotel mid August for 4 nights and we were very happy with the location, standard of cleanliness in the room and the best part was the panoramic views of New York from the room! Outstanding!We would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 24 2006	What A View!	We recently stayed for four nights in the Millennium UN Plaza and were delighted to find such a relaxing hotel so close to tourist attractions. The hotel is a few blocks from Grand Central Station but you wouldn’t carry suitcases that far. We checked in quite early but they had a room available. Trip Advisor revues had recommended the East Tower so when we were allocated the West Tower we were a little disappointed but they offered to change the room if we unhappy with it, it just meant we wouldn’t be allocated a room until after 3pm. We had requested a quiet room, away from elevators so we were on the 35th floor. When we first went into the room we felt it was a little dated but very clean but both the bedroom and bathroom were huge. The bathroom in particular had great lighting and mirrors and loads of power points. But the best was yet to come. On opening the curtains we were looking straight out on to the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building. Day or night, the view was fantastic! Meals in the hotel are quite expensive but nearby are some great little cafes and restaurants to eat. Go out of the hotel and turn right and a little way ahead at the corner you will see John’s Café. Every kind of a breakfast served here from about 4 dollars, it’s friendly and very clean but also very busy at peak times. There is a lovely cocktail bar in the hotel but again, expensive. We paid almost 40 dollars for three drinks! It costs 9 dollars for 30minutes to use the hotels internet. If you just want to check or send an email go to the Tourist office in Time Square and you will get free internet access for 10 minutes. We used the Gray Line tour bus to get around to all the sights. It may seem a little expensive but it covers an awful lot and some of the guides are really witty. Also, if you have your ticket bought there is a hop on/off stop at the UN Building right beside the hotel. You can buy a metro card for 7 dollars for 24 hours travel but beware if you are using a credit card to purchase at the vending machines, they do ask for a zip code and if like us in Ireland you don’t have these, then you have to use cash. If you are going to see the Statue of Liberty the wait can be very long but you can always hop on the Staten Island ferry. It takes you across the bay , close to the Statue of Liberty and the views of Manhattan are brilliant. Also it’s FREE. Just cross and return straight away, you’ll get the same views as people paying 25 dollars for a cruise trip. We would definitely stay in the Millennium hotel again and hope your visit will be as good.	
Aug 24 2006 	Fabulous!	We flew to New York on 10th August, so got caught up in the security threat circus, which meant we were really late and very tired when we arrived. The reception staff couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful, and when we got to our room on 34th floor the incredible view (East River, 1st Avenue, Empire State and Chrysler Building) took away all the stresses of the day. It was fantastic - I couldn't get enough of that view. The room was spacious with 2 Queen size beds - arguably the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. It wasn't perfect, but for what we paid it was great - plenty of room, and really clean. All the staff we encountered were really helpful and friendly. The only minor niggle was lack of mirror in the bedroom, which was a bit of a pain for 2 women wanting to get ready at the same time!Location wise it's ideal - a 20 minute walk gets you to Times Square, and it's nice to be away from the noise and hustle. John's Diner, a 2 minute walk up 44th Street, does a good breakfast, and there are plenty of other shops nearby.Do: buy a New York City pass - saves money and time for getting into attractions; try the Circle Line Harbour Lights cruise in the evening; Liberty Helicopters - not cheap but well worth it; see Wicked at the Gershwin Theatre - it'll blow you away; spend time in Central Park; go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art and have a drink on the roof garden, for fab views of Central Park. And if you've never been to New York before, invest in a good guide book (I used the Brit's Guide and the Eyewitness Guide) - it saves a lot of time if you already know what/where you want to see and do.We both loved New York and can't wait to get back! It's an amazing place and will stay in my heart forever. And I'd quite happily go back to the same hotel.	
Aug 20 2006 	99% of this hotel is absolutely Outstanding (warning: long review)	My family and I stayed at the Millenium UN Plaza for one night in early July.First I'll start off with the 1% negative aspect of the hotel: the elevators. These elevators SUCK. They are SO SLOOOWWW!!! My goodness. In the West Tower, one of the three elevators was working on the first day (two were working the next, the middle elevator were out of service long-term for rehabilitation). When you have one elevator serving 40 floors, that's a recipe for disaster. I saw a man who was just rescued from the service elevator next to the main elevators after being stuck in it! After seeing this I prayed to God that my family and I would have a room in the East Tower. Sure enough, to my relief, we were given a room in the East Tower on the 33rd floor. The East Tower had four elevators, with the one farthest on the right being out of service long term for rehabilitation. But the problems continued. I had just missed the middle-right elevator next to the out-of-service one. I waited for several minutes for the next one, which annoyed me. However, when we reached our floor (33rd), we learned that the people in the elevator we just missed were stuck inside! Had we arrived a split-second earlier we would've not missed that elevator and we would've been stuck too. Scary! That elevator was taken out of service, so the only working ones were the two on the left. Two elevators serving 40 floors=Very long waits (5 minutes+) for us during the rest of our stay. I only used the elevator once more. All the elevators in the hotel are currently undergoing a long-term rehabilitation project, so expect wait times to be long until it is complete.Now that that's out of the way, I'll move on to the other 99% of the hotel, all of which was amazing.We drove up from DC to the hotel to check in for one night (I was staying for one night because I had to catch a plane the next day, the rest of my family stayed another night). It started raining just as we pulled up to the hotel. The entrance was hard to find; we were driving up 1st Avenue but it turns out the entrance to the hotel is on 44th St, which is a one way street east only, so we had to go west on 45th St, south on 2nd Av, and then east on 44th (three left turns). Next time, if we are coming from the south again, we will go up 3rd Av instead of 1st (a good tip to remember). The hotel's location on 44th St between 1st and 2nd Avs is actually quite convenient, believe it or not. The nearest subway station is Grand Central-42nd St, two and a half long blocks west and two short blocks south, where you can catch the Metro-North commuter railroad to Westchester County and Connecticut, the Shuttle S train to Times Square, the 7 train to Queens and Times Square, and the 4/5/6 trains up Lexington Av or down Park Av. It's actually not too long of a walk, 10 minutes at the most. Plus, you get to walk through a quiet, charming, peaceful residential neighborhood. A couple of bus routes run right by the hotel as well, so transportation is not a problem. I liked the fact that there was no street noise in the hotel room, due to its location in a quiet neighborhood.We got out of the car and a friendly gentleman ran into the rain and grabbed all our heavy bags. He was very strong. Check in was about the average wait time; not too long, but by no means short. All the staff we encountered on our trip were very kind and friendly, especially to my brother, who has a mental disorder.After the elevator adventure to the 33rd floor, my brother and I entered our room and our jaws dropped the moment we opened the door.The room was spotless, nicely decorated, and it was HUGE by New York standards! This is also the case at the other Millenium hotel in New York (the Millenium Broadway Hotel on 44th St between 6th Av and Broadway, right off Times Square, also a fabulous hotel). I plopped down on the quite comfortable bed. The bathroom was average sized. The only complaint about the room was the shower: It had a portable showerhead that you had to hold in your hand, kind of inconvenient when you are trying to rub your body with soap! Other than that, the room was perfect.But the highlight of the Millenium UN Plaza is without question, far-and-away the VIEW!If I could rate the view from my hotel room on the 33rd floor on a scale of 1 to 10, I'd give it a FIVE HUNDRED MILLION. You get the idea. Our room looked straight down 1st Av, looking south. Turn your head an inch to the right and you're looking across the East River into Brooklyn. The view was so amazing and clear, we could see the Brooklyn Bridge, which is many miles south from the hotel. Turn your head an inch to the right, and you're looking at the entire Manhattan skyline below 44th St. Looking at the Empire State Building lit up at night (can't remember the color) and the Chrysler Building in one picture without having to turn my head was breathtaking. Watching the 4th of July weekend fireworks over the East River was mind-boggling. I only wish I had my camera! Silly me.I did not eat at the hotel restaurant, but I ate breakfast instead at a little place nearby (I can't remember the name, but it might be John's). Very good eggs and corned beef hash!I am sorry this review was so long but everything in it has to be said. I had a fantastic time. I would stay there again for sure...AFTER the elevator rehabilitation project is complete.	
Aug 12 2006 	Pricey for what it was	We arrived at the Millenium UN plaza after a long journey from Glasgow in Scotland and had 2 cancelled flights. We were looking forward to a swim and some nice food when we arrived. It was quite late when we arrived and the airline had lost our luggage so we asked for some tooth brushes and toothpaste but just received combes. That was a little dissapointing for a $400 a night hotel. We enquired about breakfast iun the morning and found out it was $17 a head per helping of food. WOW!. The hotel is sourrounded by nice little cafes which are much better valur than the hotel and the food is better. The room service was $75 dollas for 3 standard meals and of them were just starters and they didnt come as it said they would pon the menu with bits missing and not very hot.ything free it is $9 for a 450ml bottle of water! If you are looking to eat in the hotel you are looking at app. $100 per day per person. The location is not bad about 20mins walk from times square and 25 mins from maceys. The grand hyatt hotel is 2 mins from times square and a higher class hotel and the rooms are at least $50 dollars cheaper than the millenium. The millenium looks good online but it is not as good as described. Dont go unless you are not bothered about spending a fortune. I went expecting to pay $249 per night flor the room only afor 3 nights and they put some extra charges in which you are not told about and i ended up spending almost $2000 for the room alone.	
Aug 8 2006 	Excellent Hotel	I had my eye on the Millenium UN Plaza for quite some time before my trip and used it for the second leg of my stateside trip, only booking it 2 days before arrival.I was fortunate enough to receive a free upgrade, the suite on the 37th floor, which I have to say was a great way to end a 2 week vacation! The room was superb and the view was out of this world, The Empire State Building greated me each morning from my bed :)Location wise it's ideal too, I did think it was a little out of the way of where I wanted to be but I was so wrong, it was very easy to get to places from.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, I found nothing here to have a small whinge at :)	
Aug 6 2006 	Classy and convenient	The view from the rooms is terrific; the front desk handled checkin, messages and check out quickly and flawlessly. The hotel reflects New York's glitz and edginess while the rooms are serene and comfortable. If only the elevators came more quickly.	
Jul 31 2006	Superb Hotel	Well we arrived and had our bags sniffed by the hotels resident sniffer dog, understandable really, were cordially greeted by the door staff and checked in. The hotel lobby is amazing, it's all mirrors and high ceilings. Front desk staff couldn't have been more helpful. First room we got did not have great views even although it was on the 35th floor, we asked for either an upgrade or better room, for free we got room 3318 and boy were the views to die for. To the right we had views of the Empire State Building and the Chrysler building and to the left we had the Hudson river, totally awesome as they say over there! Each day the room was cleaned to a high standard and beds were turned down eachh evening as we returned. The room we had was a twin, but the beds were big enough as was the room, the bathroom was a fine size but don't expect to use the bath! We did not eat in the hotel it was quite expensive at $25 just for breakfast, instead we went to the Nations cafe, go out of hotel turn left go onto 1st Avenue walk a couple of blocks to44th street and it's right on the corner, if you blink you might miss it, but when you get inside it's big enough and very clean. We ate here each day for breakfast at a reasonable $8 each. We did have a few drinks in the hotel bar speak to Jerry about the outlets and such, he's a font of knowledge when it comes to almost everything, we wished we had known about the Jersey Gardens outlet before we went to Woodbury Common, but thanks to the knowledgeable Jerry we managed to fit it in on our last day, he also pours a mean drink, but be warned they have no measures as such, other than, ooops we reached the top of the glass!!The night time concierge, Kenzo is also very good, very knowledgeable and extremely helpful. All in all we had a great time at a great hotel that was clean, well run and had great staff.	
Jul 29 2006 	Great Experience	This was my first stay at the Millennium-UN Plaza. I've been to NY many times, and this hotel was incredibly comfortable with a wonderful staff and gave me the absolute best views for a regular room. I had a view of midtown down, including the Empire State,Chrysler, UN, East River, etc. The room was very comfortable with modern furniture and a nice marble bathroom. Since the hotel doesn't start until the 28th floor, I also found that the noise level was very low compared to other NY hotels that I've stayed in. I was on the 37th floor.I love to walk so the location did not bother me; it may bother those that want to be right in tourist mid-town. The location is more of a residential area on the east side, right next to the UN Building. However, Grand Central is just a few blocks away and allows you to jump on the subway quickly to anywhere. The only downside for me was that they don't have ice machines. You have to call room service to have it delivered. Because of the room quality, view, and the incredibly nice staff, I'd definitely recommend this hotel to business and leisure travelers alike.	
Jul 15 2006	Good stay at the UN	Was not sure what to expec, other than goodviews , having read the previous reviews .Well the viewswere fantastic!! We askedfor the East Tower( more recently refurbished) but got the West Tower as the hotel was charging a huge premium for any room on the East Side. This was due to the Macy's 4th July fireworks displayover the East River. We watched the display on the riverside along with many others and it was amazing. The West Tower was a little tired in terms of the decor and needs a refurb but the rooms we had were large,,well equipped and pleasant .The Location is good , if a little away from the hub -bub of T Square. Staff were very helpful - our return flight was at 6 p.m. - asked at Reception in the morning and we were able to keep one of our rooms till 2p.m.Had a really good holiday , suggest you eat at Mc Faddens (round the corner on 2nd Avenue) The Comfort Diner just off 2nd on East 45th serves good simple grub -large portions . Try Carmines West 44th off Broadway for a party atmosphere and excellent Italian food. We saw the Colour Purple on Broadway -fantastic do try and see it . Go inside Grand Central Station - a beautiful building - and call at Junior's there for some Brooklyn cheesecake - best we've ever tasted.Top of the Rockefeller Centre was excellent - no queues or crowds and amazing views of Empire State Building and Central Park- enjoyed it more than the Empire State for those reasons. Comfortable walking shoes are essential as we walked miles, but subway was cheap and taxis reasonable.	
Jul 5 2006	Great views minutes from Grand Central	I booked this hotel b/c the rate was reasonable ($199) and it was near Grand Central. I was heading to the U.S. Open at Winged Foot in Mamaroneck and needed to be close to the train. I was pleasantly surprised the room was a decent size (by Manhattan Standards) but I was blown away by the view. We were on the 33rd floor and the view of the east river was fantastic. We had a hawk's eye view of much of lower midtown and it was great.Overall I would recommend this hotel to either the business or leisure traveler in New York. Its pretty convenient to much of the city	
Jul 5 2006 	A very decent hotel	I've stayed at this hotel several times and never had a bad experience. I always request the East Tower which has the modern rooms and they are very well-appointed and large for Manhattan. The restaurant isn't bad, though the lounge is a bit dark and cavernous for my taste. As others have commented, the interior designers really had a thing for mirrors and the result can seem a bit like a funhouse. I still feel like I have no grasp of where I am in the lobby area, especially the hallways. Also the elevators are a real problem - expect lengthy delays. However, the staff and concierge are wonderful and the health club is quite nice. The location is quiet but close to public transport and within walking distance of many attractions. There are many great Irish pubs and French bistros in the neighborhood so don't be afraid to explore the immediate area.I'd recommend this hotel to just about anyone. I find it consistently great.	
Jun 29 2006	Millennium UN Plaza - New York	This Millennium at UN Plaza is a great place to say in New York. My husband and I felt very safe there. It's right across the street from the United Nations Headquarters.The associates were friendly and accommodating; rooms were large and clean with great views of the city. John's restaurant just up the street on 44th and 2nd is a great little place to eat. They even have breakfast all day. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 28 2006	Good value	We booked this hotel for five nights on Priceline for $190 a night. This was a steal of a deal in New York for what you get. We stayed on the east side of the hotel. The room itself is nice, the king size bed was great! The bathroom was okay.. the shower smelled of mildew. Other than that we had a pleasant stay and you can walk to Grand Central very easily.	
Jun 21 2006 	Great place	Spent 6 nights here on a business trip in April. Excellant location, loads of stores and restaurants around. Didn't eat in hotel restaurant, but went to the bar which is very dark and plush, the old guys behind the bar were very entertaining and bickered with each other like the two old men from the Muppets. The lobby is jaw-droppingly funny and the staff were welcoming, especially the lady concierge (Anna?) who was excellant and sorted our airport shuttles out for us.Me and a colleague both had rooms on the 34th floor facing the city, and despite reading the reviews here nothing prepared me for the brilliant view, which was particularly good the day we had thunder and lightening.Room was clean, spacious, bathroom was over-mirrored but had everything i wanted, a great shower and loads of nice toiletries.My company paid, it was £160 a night which is more than I'd fork out if it were me paying, but I felt the price was justified for the quality of the hotel.John's diner is good, there's also a burger joint 'The Good Burger' round the corner which is a wonderful alternative to MacAwfulness. If you walk the 3 blocks towards Grand Central you come across a bar called The Overlook which is great, has a roof terrace which shows sport on a big screen, and does karaoke during the week.	
Jun 13 2006 	Nice room good service amazing view	If you want a view- good sized room, clean bathroom and nice staff stay here. Best deal in Manhattan. Room service pricey, if you need a driver ask the doormen for Osama. World class driver.	
Jun 11 2006	Mirror mirror on the wall.	This hotel is certainly not the &quot;fairest of them all&quot; but, like any gaffe, has some advantages and some disadvantages. You have to be heavily into mirrors - and not be afraid to look critically at yourself from several vantage points you never thought possible. In one room we had you could visualise oneself seated on the toilet in the bathroom from 22 different aspects. Do you need this?We stayed a week - had problems at reception getting across we required ( and had booked ) a non-smoking room - reception staff not very accommodating on this. As many others have said the choice is basically refurbished with average view or tired and in need of updating but interesting view. We had both, but in each room the standard of housekeeping was OK. If it's not full why not try both and throw the toys out of the pram and demmand to be changed accordingly.Don't eat or drink here - John's Diner is brusque but reasonable and there are a few interesting eateries going uptown on 2nd Avenue. The hotel bar had a good barman when we were there but is full of UN paltroons.One bonus is the hotel pool. Although hardly plush it is a relatively rare facility in mid-town New York and a good chill out after a hard day's retail therapy.As many previously have said the situation is reasonable and relatively safe. There are always cabs outside the hotel but stroll along to 2nd Avenue and save yourself 5 bucks trip around the block.In my humble opinion this is an adequate hotel, quiet (by virtue of it's location), almost totally impersonal, a monument to mirrors and goldsprayed aluminium. Providing you only pay around $150 PP per night is reasonable value. It's basically functional - don't expect to &quot;enjoy&quot;. Bear in mind it's proximity to the UN and it's regular use by flight crew affect the clientele and the ambience.	
Jun 10 2006	Loved IT!!!!	I Stayed at the plaza from the 27th may to the 31st may. We had a corner room on the 38th floor it was lovely with a great view over the east river, Roosevelt Island, the Queensboro bridge and Queens. The staff were really helpful, room was very clean, maid service was every day. Pool had a amazing view over the city its on the 27th floor. We walked to Grand Central Station and on to time square the first night its not that far of a walk. Resaurant is very pricey $58 for breakfast (1x cereal, 1x toast, 2x OJ, 1x eggs Benedict, 2x teas), so we went to Johns a 2minute walk left out the hotel, but I would still recommend this hotel to anyone. One tip I would give anyone, buy a really good guide book before you go an decide what you want to do before you go. It saves time when you there, cos there's so much to do and see. Michelle and RussellHave a great trip!!!!!!	
Jun 8 2006	A great experience	We stayed here for one night midweek. Check-in took a little longer than I would have liked. There were 2 people working at the guests, and 3 guests who had to check in before I did. The doormen were very friendly and cheerful. We stayed in the East tower, room 3517. We had a great view of the river, but could also see the Chrysler building and Empire State building. It was beautiful! I've stayed in at least 3 other hotels in NYC, and this really made it feel like I was staying in the big apple.Without being asked, my room (which I booked on Priceline) was upgraded to a King. The room has been recently renovated. It was quite large, for NY. Beside the bed were two built in bedside tables. There was a nice sofa under the windows. There was a walk in closet with a bench to sit on while getting dressed. The bathroom was quite wide--plenty of room for more than one person at time.There was still a sign up about the elevators being updated, but unlike others have mentioned, we had no trouble with the elevators. They came in a timely fashion.I knew that this hotel was part of MTE on Priceline, and I thought that the UN was too far away. However, I found this location ideal. It was only about a 10 minute walk (if that) to Grand Central station, and the subways were very convenient.	
May 8 2006	Was OK for the price....	My wife and I just returned from seven nights at the UN Millenium Plaza staying from April 30 - May 7, 2006.Our first experiences of the hotel were good with an easy and cheap cab ride in from LGA in the middle of a Sunday afternoon. The doorman greeted us and took aour luggage away for us. At the front desk - and yes there are alot of mirrors - we were offerred a room with a midtown view or a newly renovated room facing east. We chose the view.First impressions of the room were quite good. The view east towards the Times Square area were fantastic. The Chrysler and Empire State Buildings dominate the view. Beautiful. Window that opens is a nice feature. King sized bed and failry spacious with a big closet, two comfy chairs and a dresser with six drawers - more than enough room for two people for the week.The bathroom was very worn and in need of a full demolition and refit. The shower was pretty weak.We only dined at the hotel once and would not recommend over the multitude of choices elsewhere.We paid 210/night and I felt that was reasonable for what we got. The location is about a fice to ten minute walk to Grand Central and maybe twenty to Times Square or Central Park. Maybe a bit far for some but the neighborhood is safe and quite.Like many others we had breakfast everyday at John's Diner - one block to the west of the hotel) and it was quick and good.I would recommend this hotel is you don't mind a little walk to the major sights, want to save a few bucks, and want a quiet and safe location.	
May 7 2006	Pleasant stay	stayed at the Un Millenium new york over the East Period and it was a pleasant stay. After checking in we went to room and there was no fold-away for our daughter as booked, so as we passed reception on the way out to dinner reminded them about the extra bed to which she replied we will have to charge you $15.00 per night for our 4 night stay. I informed her that I had already booked the room for 3 persons 6 months previous and secondly had checked-in. She started to raise her voice and state that the girl who had who had dealt with us when we arrived was new and that she had ommitted to charge us. Everyone around the reception area were now aware of our problem as she was becoming more agitated and would now go and find the receptionist concerned on break. I asked to see the Manager but she said that he was not available and she was the duty Manager (Help!!). She eventually came back after speaking to her colleague and said that as she had made a mistake she would not charge us. The hotel was only 100 yards from open-topped bus route which was great. We went to the recommended 'John's' restaurant for breakfast each day - what a character, very good prices.	
May 6 2006	Loved the UN Millennium Plaza !!!	My daughter bought me tickets to see Rent for Christmas this year so I wanted to get a really nice hotel to stay in. I agonized over the decision for a month. My friends kept saying to just pick one since it was only for one night, but I didn't want our trip to be remembered by a &quot;bad&quot; hotel (yuck). I'm so happy that I did my homework and looked at the reviews and even though the hotel was a little out of the way, it just so happened that it poured all weekend anyway so we would not have been able to walk anywhere. The staff were so nice and helpful and when we arrived they upgraded us to a beautiful, clean, suite. My daughter and I had such a fun time ordering room service (which was a little pricey) but you only live once, right? This way we can say the show was great, the room and staff were great, and we are recommending this hotel to everyone!!! Our view (which was the only thing that we did ask for) was beautiful. My daughter ended up getting sick the night we got there and when I called down for an extra blanket, they were right up with one. I think people writing bad reviews are the people that are never going to be happy with anything.	
May 4 2006 	Fantastic view - from the East Tower	Second time in the UN Plaza, and again very pleased. The room we got in the East Tower (30th floor) was nicely designed, clean, had a very good bed and that more than fantastic view over Lower Manhattan, the East River, the UN Building and lots of Brooklyn. Could stand at the window for ages just looking and wondering. We also found the room spacious enough.We wouldn't be so sure, however, about the West Tower. We got a room there at first, but it was (fortunately) not Non-Smoking, so we went back to Reception and asked to be re-located. Then got the East Tower room. The West Tower room, in comparison, not only lacked a view, but seemed rather dark and in need of renovation. Also, it should be mentioned that the new US mission to the UN is currently built just North of the hotel building. If you get a room on that side, you won't get too much of a sleep-in.Had the same experience with long waits at the elevator (which are currently undergoing modernisation, so something is happening at least), found the pool nice (but not more), had no problem whatsoever with the friendly staff - and had breakfast, as obviously everyone else, at John's. I do recommend the UN Plaza. You should dare to ask for an East Tower Room, however, and one with a Southward view. Otherwise you could be dissappointed.	
May 4 2006	Breathtaking Views	Myself and my fiance stayed at the UN Plaza for 4 nights and were really pleased with our choice of hotel. Although, located away from the Times Square/Broadway areas of the city, they were only a 20-25 minute walk away down 42nd street. In addition, the walk passed Grand Central Station, The Chrysler Building, New York Public Library and Bryant Park along the way. Our room in the hotel was on the 39th floor and overlooked the city. As there are no other skyscrapers directly behind the hotel, the views were breathtaking and we could see right across Manhattan Island. After hearing stories of small New York Hotel Rooms we can safely say that our room wasn't in this category. Waking up to see the Empire State Building and Chrysler Building out of the hotel window was memorable. The hotels swimming pool was on the 27th floor had equally breathtaking views of the East River and the United Nations building located directly opposite the Hotel. The staff of the hotel were friendly and informative and we would definately stay here again.	
May 2 2006	Great hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel from April 28-30, 2006. Our room was on the 40th floor and had a city (west side) view. Our room had a king size bed, and was spacious and very clean. When we got to our room, I noticed it was right across from the elevators, which were being renovated. I was concerned there would be noise, but it was very quiet. We couldn't hear the elevators at all. I had also read other Trip Advisor reviews about long waits for the elevators, but we didn't experience that at all. Given that the elevator had to go up to the 40th floor, we didn't have to wait long at all. My husband used the work out room, and I used the indoor pool. Both were very clean, and in great shape. The ladies locker room was immaculate.The hotel staff was friendly and attentive.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
May 1 2006	Wjhat a view	Just returned back from a four night stay at the plaza, overall i think the hotel was a good choice yes the rooms are tired and need of a makeover but overall we could not complain. The staff were all very good - Frank in particular gave us a quick guide from the window of our room on arivall . We did not eat in the restaurant so cannot comment , thier is too much choice around to stay in the hotel . We had breakfast at johns each morning $20 for a good breakfast for two service was excellent and made you feel at home, highly recommend . Take the red bus tours good value , also the bodies exebition on south peir near the WTC is worth a visit. We also went to the lion king on broadway good choice for all the family . Dont miss the shopping on fitth avenue very busy during peak times allthough most stores are open late so waiting till later is not a bad idea.Overall a good trip allthough five days is not enough to see all that we would have wanted to maybe next time .	
Apr 26 2006	Really Really very good	Stayed from21st April checkeing out last night 25th April 2006.First lets get the decor sorted,yes it needs redecorationg and some of the furniture is &quot;old&quot; but my room, 3516, had a view to die for(well mostly as 2 days of heavy rain sorta killed the view slightly). From the second we arrived (40th birthday treat for my wife) booking in with Nicole who was great, humorous and very friendly, to Alan the bag man,to Annna the [main] concierge, throughout all the staff we came into contact with I found them all approachable, friendly, helpfull and do not recognise the negative comments. Respectfully I suggest it is the complainers who have an attitude not the staff. Location needs walking from,breakfast at John's up the road is great,even the deli on the block corner does sandwiches to kill a horse for the price of a magazine in the UK. Looking for food staying here?,out the door right and opposite from John's right again onto 2nd avenue ,(even McFaddens two blocks left on 2nd is fine) walk 3 blocks and then for abut 5/6 blocks there is every type of food you could want/need unless you want to pay for la creme de la creme. Would I go back,deffo,would I recommend deffo, does it need a face lift deffo,was it value for money deffo!! right down to chocolate strawberrries and next day fruit as a gft to my wife, plus every and I mean every member of staff we had contact with since arriving wishing her happy birthday!!! Open top tour is a must want to see the ESB?? go to Top Of The Rock and you will see it and eveything else besides on a clear day. TAKE WALKING SHOES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 26 2006	Don't book the suite!	Spent Saturday night (April 22) in a suite with four girlfriends (we're all in our mid-fifties, by the way--this wasn't a &quot;hen&quot; party). The living area was tiny and the sofa--which would be pulled out to serve as a double bed for two of us--was broken down and very uncomfortable. When we opened it up, we found there were no sheets or blankets and four of the nine springs which held the mattress support were missing--the support was sagging onto the floor. The mattress itself was about 3 inches thick and beaten down badly. This bed could NOT be slept on! It took three calls to housekeeping to get sheets, a blanket (a TWIN blanket arrived) and a roll-away bed. One slept on the couch and one slept on the roll-away. No apologies, no rush to help us, no compensation (none was asked for, but...) Shame on them for selling a suite with a couch/sofabed that was so bad.The good news: It was clean and the view was spectacular!! The two bathrooms were large and all marble, though I could have done without the full wall mirror next to the toilet and facing the shower.One friend said she'd stay there again just for the views. Two of us said we wouldn't, unless there was a deal too good to pass up (but, in that case, only if we wanted a regular room with a bed, not a suite).	
Apr 23 2006	Great Find in a great location	Decided on this hotel for a family trip after many online comparisons and a Travelzoo bargain was the ultimate decider! Very helpful reservation clerk (Tammy) was the first encounter with the hotel staff which was followed by a super-swift check in on arrival. I almost expected John Travolta to sashay across the lobby after reading some OTT comments about its decor .. this is NEW YORK, not a Buddhist monastery! So no need for sunglasses, its glitzy, thats all. The ONLY disappointment re; this hotel was I had emailed requesting a city view but our rooms faced the East River instead. Still .. a lot better view than a brick wall. No problems waiting for the elevators - there was also a courtesy phone beside the elevators to contact reception in case of delays, due to maintenance, and a staff member would arrive to escort guests in the service lift but this was never necessary.Rooms were absolutely fine, okay slightly faded 80's, including the Magnavox TV's, but hey, the 80's retro look is in. Tiling around the baths looked a little tired however unless you are the type of hygiene-obsessive person who carries a bottle of bleach and toothbrush to spend your holiday scrubbing tiles, not a problem. Initially, the interconnecting door between our rooms was locked but literally three minutes after a phone call to Reception, a staff member arrived to remedy the situation. Housekeeping was top class, rooms were immaculate upon our return each day and all the staff, from Frank, the friendly porter who stowed our luggage on our final day to the helpful lady in the gift shop (lots of last minute gifts found here), were exceptionally polite.Very quiet location, never heard any street noise and lots of security personnel with sniffer dogs in the vicinity too, (hardly surprising with the UN Buildings literally across the street) so felt very safe. One of the other narrowed-down choices was the Grand Hyatt - certainly more central and right next door to Grand Central station but feel the Plaza was a more peaceful location to return to after a busy day's sightseeing.Turn right on leaving the hotel, a brisk 10 minute stroll has you right at Grand Central station and a host of subway routes. Yes, the 10 minutes felt longer in the evening, especially with shopping bags!, but look out for the Lexington Avenue exit from Grand Central and this really shortens the journey. There are always taxis outside this hotel too.A handy Deli just up the street, several supermarkets and a Duane Reade drugstore on Second Avenue and Johns Diner on the corner of 44th and 2nd Avenue give plenty of options for stocking up on coffee/essentials/or if you dont feel like splurging in the hotel's Ambassador Grill restaurant. Practically every previous review for this hotel mentioned John's Diner so we dined there several times .. food was okay to be perfectly frank and at busy times, it felt like a 'get 'em in, get 'em out' conveyor belt but it was convenient. There is also an Amish supermarket just around the corner on 45th St.Really enjoyed our stay at the UN Plaza due to its quiet, safe location and helpful staff. Would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 18 2006	Big Disappointment	I stayed in this hotel years ago before it becomes part of the Millennium chain. The service then was superb and it makes you feel like a value individual customer. In my recent visit, this is no longer the case. You are just one of the mass. The conceirge there is not knowledgable or lack there of even on a Monday morning after 9.30am. The rooms look stale and can do with some updating. The soap that they provided once wet is so slippery you can not even put anywhere near the bath. Although I must admit this hotel does have lovely view of the city and a great swimming pool. What a pity. I can understand why expedia gives it a 3 star hotel. A big disppointment overall. I think &quot;W&quot; in mid town (Lexington) is also 3 stars. I would go for &quot;W&quot; if you do not mind the room size, however the bed is divine.	
Apr 17 2006	Would stay there again for sure!	I booked this hotel via Hotels and got a very good rate. I was looking for a nice hotel in Midtown and found it very good value for the price. The room was very spacious with two large beds, nice bathroom, a walk-in closet and had a great view of the Empire State building. It also has a gym and swimming pool with a great view! The place was clean, the staff were polite and very accommodating. You can't beat the location for being near Grand Central, which makes it easy to get anywhere. There are also always taxis in front of the hotel. I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Apr 17 2006	What a bargain!	As a family visiting from the UK we booked two rooms via Travelzoo on their amazing deal - $169 a room. Apart from having to use the service lift on the first night because of maintainance everything else was first class. Would highly recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Apr 14 2006	WOW!!! What an incredible value!!	Me, my teenage daughter and her friend stayed at the Mellenium UN Plaza over spring break the second week of April. I had originally booked with expedia but then Travelzoo was offering the same room for $169, an incredible rate. We were extremely impressed with the hotel overall. The staff was helpful, courteous and nice. The rooms, wow, incredible. Actually large for Manhattan. We asked for a high floor and were given room 3824. We could not believe the view, incredible. It didn't hurt that the weather was beautiful the entire time we were there, but nice to come back to the room and look clear to downtown. We usually stay near Times Square but this time we took a chance and were very happy with our desicion to stay at the Millenium. Grand Central Station is only about 4 blocks and the shuttle to Times Square tskes about a minute. The pool is wonderful and the views, wow, again! All I can say is the hotel is wonderful and we will definitely stay there again. We ate mostly out of the hotel as the prices in the restaurant are prretty high. John's Cafe is just down the block and if you are lucky enough to be there when &quot;john&quot; is there, you will definitely be entertained! Dunkin Donuts is just 2 blocks south of the hotel. The only complaint I would say are the elevators. They were working on them, I think they said, upgrading them. It took me 20 minutes once just to get an elevator on the 38th floor. Other than that tiny inconvienence, a great hotel!!!!	
Apr 6 2006	GREAT hotel	I booked on priceline and when I got there I was surprised that it had been called a three-star hotel. I'd definitely give it four. (Usually priceline errs in the other direction.) Employees were friendly, place was beautiful, room was great, view was amazing, bed was comfortable. I was only there for one night, unfortunately, so I didn't get to use the tennis court or the pool, but I'd love the chance to go back and try! Even the minibar prices weren't as bad as I'm used to. One little problem: the room was quite hot and the A/C was blowing hot air, and it wouldn't go off. I called and the man said he'd send someone up, and an hour later no one had come. So we left for dinner and I stopped by the front desk and I repeated my complaint. (When we got back to the room later that night it was pleasantly cool.)Also, I went out and came back quite late at night, 4 a.m.-ish, and no one was around to check my room key. I found this quite strange, especially given that this hotel is practically across the street from the U.N. and probably a regular place for diplomats. Otherwise, perfect!	
Mar 28 2006	first visit to new york and loved every minute of it	Well as a first time visitor to New York, this city and hotel were amazing, on first impressions the builing was just stunning with two towers and rooms starting at around the 29th floor.I worked in the hotel industry for a long time and in my opinion this hotel was slightly tired due the sheer volume of people that it sees and looking at the other reviews I think some of the rooms must be worse than others, but in the areas that I saw the standards were high and staff very most helpful and freindly as far as New Yorkers go. Our room on the top floor (40th) overlooked the empire state builing and the most amazing skyline that I will take with me forever. The rooms vere imacculate as were all the public areas, staff were very helpful, swimming pool and leisure facilities good but you really dont get time to use them if you want to keep up with the pace of this city. They are having problems with there elavators just now but there is also a service elavator for the staff that runs down the side of the main elavators that we could use so you can live with there essential maintainance. There are a lot of good deals on for this hotel so look around before you buy.Location wise, although there is not a underground there, its just down the road from grand central (less than 10 mins) where you can get anywhere in new york. Oh yeah and thats where the bus runs direct from JFK @ only $15, about $50 cheaper than a cab. It is a hotel that you need to walk a bit but it really didnt bother us or any of the other guests that we met, the best way to see this city is to walk (we covered about 40 miles seeing this city in three days so wear comfortable shoes)P.S Please book your tickets for the empire state building and statue of liberty in advance and try to go early in the morning, just beacause of the security and the volume of tourists it gets really busy by midday with waiting times going up to 2hours (Im so glad I took that advice from another review here) All in all an excellent hotel offering good value for money and if you get a room with a view like we did I would have payed double the price. would I go back, If I could get a room on the side of the hotel that looks toward grand central then yes, in an instant.Have a great time whatever you do :)	
Mar 28 2006	pURE DEAD bRILLIANT	A group of 36 off us stayed at this hotel, and not one person had anything bad to say, the place was out of this world, i mean the swimming pool on the 27th floor was great and the view even better, the rooms were very nice and big, all the staff were friendly and couldnt do enough to help whenever you needed any help, all in all i recommended to everyone, and if i get the chance i'll be back.	
Mar 27 2006	Pros and Cons	We stayed for one night (Mar 25)and we had a good time, you will too if you have a real positive outlook. With that said...we also got the room thru Priceline, we paid a very reduced rate. Had we paid $290 like some have, I would feel differently, for sure. The Cons: BEWARE: the hotel has a severe elevator problem. It is ongoing and will affect your movement considerably. We were on the 32nd fl, so the stairs are not an option. You will wait on average 20 mins. No exageration. The room/suite smelled of smoking, we were not happy, but we bought incense and dealt with it. Our room was next to housekeeping's elevator. Since this is used at night for guests--we got no sleep until maybe 2am when it slowed down. There is no direction from anyone, no signs, no information. You need to be proactive to make things happen here.The Pros: We had a view of the river, beautiful and plenty of sunshine. Very quiet (except for elevator issue). The suite was huge and clean (even with smell). Bed was comfortable. Staff was overworked and still had a smile, but you have to approach them. Parking is available, $35 for 24 hr span.	
Mar 26 2006	adored our room view	we stayed in hotel for 1 week march 06; on arrival to hotel our first impressions were as expected as we had checked hotel on the web!!on arrival to our room i was ecstatic as the reviews had advised east tower even no,s our room was 3814 fantastic!!!!it was a dream! not that we spent a lot of time in it but after long days out and about it was a delight to come back to the superb views!we would definatly recommend this hotel for location,comfort,views and a relaxing break hope this helps you	
Mar 24 2006	Great Views!!	We stayed for 6 nights from 15th March til 21 March. Found the hotel to be great. We stayed in the side which has the view of Empire State and Chrysler Building... views were totally breathtaking. Rooms were dated but hey, we were only there to sleep. Mimibar, like all hotels was overly priced!! The hotel begins on something like 29th floor. There were only 2 lifts working for the 6 nights we were there with a sign saying they were being modernised. The hotel was spotlessly clean and staff could not have been more helpful. Location is ok. No subway stations close but only 15-20 minute walk to Times Square etc. Would definately reccomment John's Cafe at the Corder of 2nd and 44th for breakfast!!! So Cheap and food is delicious. Say hi for us!! Enjoy x	
Mar 12 2006	Dingy and depressing	The rooms look like they were built in 1978, and they've done nothing since. All of the furniture is dinged, the whole room looks dingy, the bed felt gross, the shower had no water pressure. No internet access in the room, although I suppose I should have checked this ahead of time. Wifi is available in the lobby if you have a laptop; if not, they have this computer that is literally from the early 90s that costs $15/hour to use, and is so outdated it can't handle pages like my bank's site, paypal, anything complicated. The whole place made me feel like I was stuck in a time warp. The one upside is that the room was very large for Manhattan.	
Mar 9 2006	Gorgeous views but not everything its cracked up to be	We booked the hotel based entirely on Tripadvisor reviews, and one recommendation from a friend who stayed there 2 years ago.We stayed for 4 nights from March 1st. We arrived at midday and were checked straight into our room, and having been up since 3am in the UK to fly over we decided to have an hours nap before heading out into the city. This was impossible - our room was directly outside the main lift and we were woken by the lift whining and a maid came into our room. The final straw was some very noisy people holding a conversation outside our door while waiting for a lift. The decor in the room was very shabby - we were given the impression that a facelift was long overdue.To the hotels credit they moved us immediately, and gave us a room on the 40th floor, room 4032. The views of New York from here were incredible, both at sunrise and during the evenings. The decor was less tired than the first room too. Both rooms were very spacious, and the beds were very comfortable. We didn't have any problems with the room temperature as mentioned in previous reviews.Our tower had 3 lifts, though only one was working throughout our stay leading to some quite long waits - about 5 minutes on averageWe didn't eat breakfast in the hotel, choosing to walk to the end of the block to eat in the excellent Johns Cafe. The service here was fast, friendly and helpful - the waitresses were happy to give tips on sights to see and the cheapest ways to get round the city.The hotel staff were very friendly, and couldn't do enough to help. We'd highly recommend a trip to the reflexology section of the fitness club - Rose is a star and really knows how to relieve tired feet that have been walking the streets of NYC!One last word of warning - we didn't have a guest pack in our room so were unaware of the cost of phone calls. As I'd forgotten my mobile we made two 5 min calls back to the UK and would have been charged $60 for this had I not complained.Summary - great views, friendly staff, adequate but not spectacular rooms. Probably about the right value for the price we paid - $229 a night booked on the internet, which was $70 cheaper than I was quoted by the reservations team on the phone...	
Mar 7 2006	Excellent on Many Fronts	My wife and I stayed here for one night in February 2006 and thought it was excellent. We live in Albany, NY and have occasion to visit Manhattan several times a year (sometimes with our kids) and stay at various hotels, and this one sure ranks very high. We had a room on the 38th floor, overlooking both the East River and the Chrysler and Empire State Building, and that's pretty darn nice. The king bed was fine and the room was certainly big enough, especially for two (and a room with multiple beds may have been fine if kids were with us). The neighborhood is very nice and an attraction in itself, in that it is very quiet (not always the case with Manhatan hotels, facing busy streets), but just a 15-20 minute walk to Times Square. We did not eat at the restaurant hotel (we never do),preferring to graze as we walk (including an excellent &quot;Asian Deli&quot; on Lex and 41st and one at Lex and 48th. And discovered one of the best NYC pizza restuarants, Totonno's, at 27th and 2nd, about a 15 minute walk. There are many eating places closer, we just didn't go to them. We heard that there is a lovely indoor pool, perhaps the best one in a Manhattan hotel, which woudl make it attractive for families, but we didn't give it a try. We had a very good special rate ($190) which really is exceptional for a hotel of this class. One reason may be that the UN was not in sesion and the hotel was not crowded, which always heightens the enjpyment of any place. Some people on this site complained of the mirrors in the lobby, but how important is that to any one's enjoyment of the hotel? Not at all, irrelevant in my book. Staff were fine. Valet parking is offered for $35-40/night (no in and out) but I parked at a lot around 15 blocks away for $20--not that I wanted to save the money, necessarily, but, why not and, anyway, the more I can walk and discover Manhattan, the better.	
Mar 3 2006 	Very Comfortable Hotel With a Great View	My husband and I spent a very enjoyable weekend at the Millennium UN Plaza in mid winter 2006. The hotel staff was very helpful, the room was a decent size for New York City and recently remodeled, and the ammenities such as the gym and pool were a nice bonus. We found the location of the hotel to be very practical, actually. It's in Midtown making it equally convenient to the Village or the Upper East and West Sides. There are a number of restaurants in the area (we can recommend the Morningstar Cafe on First for breakfast) and I'm sure in the spring and summer a walk to the water's edge might be fun. Our one difficulty was getting the room temperature right. It tended to get too hot no matter how low we set the fan and thermastat. We can definitely recommend this hotel, especially if there's a deal offered, as we found on Travelzoo.	
Feb 28 2006	Millennium UN Plaza Absolutely magnificent	We have just finished a 5 day 4 night stay at the Millennium UN Plaza in New York. The hotel was fantastic. Everything about it was excellent, the service, the cleanliness, the size of the bed and the location for some of the attractions couldn't have been better. I have saved the best to last, if you do get a choice then choose room 3517 on the 35th floor, the view from our window was fantastic. When we first walked into our room we both stood there for a few minutes and couldn't believe it. At night it was even better. I decide to take a swim in the pool that was on the 27th floor, the view which is ranked as 1 of the top 5 pool views in New York, certainly lived up to it. It was totally amazing. We didn't eat in the hotel so cannot say if the food was good, but that was because there was so much to eat and drink locally. All in all if you are looking for a quick break in New York then I couldn't think of a better place to stay than the Millennium UN Plaza. It certainly made our stay in New York a truly magnificent EXPERIENCE.	
Feb 28 2006	Excellent hotel in the capitol of the world	We stayed here last weekend for 3 night. We were checked in quite fast despite a convention taking place in the building.We were given a room on the 34th floor looking over the East River and Queens. The views are spectacular. The bedroom was very spacious, the bathroom huge and there was plenty of wardrobe space.The staff were very friendly and helpful, in particular the Concierge who, as we had a late flight from JFK arranged for our bags to be checked and a car for the airport (who was excellent and knew all the short cuts to get us to JFK in just over 30mins). the Bar, although expensive had excellent staff who would talk to you and seemed genuinely friendly and interested in you.You are actually on the top ten floors of a UN building so you feel very safe and there are security personell with sniffer dogs at the entrance and you really feel as though you are somewhere special that 'not just anyone' could go to.The hotel is very quiet, yet it is only a short walk from Grand Central Station and the Subway, as well as some excellent bars on 2nd and 3rd Avenue. The shopping of 5th Avenue and the peace of Central park are only 20 mins walk away max. If there were cons the elevators were not the best often took about 5 mins to come and once didnt come at all but this was resolved almost immediately by maintainance (There were signs indicating that they are undergoing major renovation with the elevators). This is an excellent hotel for the price and the next time I go to NYC the first thing i will be booking in the Millenium UN Plaza.	
Feb 19 2006	THUMBS UP TO MILLENIUM UN PLAZA	Just returned from a weekend and would recommend this place wholeheartedly. We stayed in the east tower which is the renovated tower. (not the west as some people have posted) The room and bathroom were a very nice size in comparison to New York standards. The only reason I would not stay here again, is I prefer to be within one block of a train station and this hotel is at least 3-4 blocks from the nearest train which is Grand Central Station. That aside Mill UN Plaza gets two thumbs up.	
Jan 23 2006	fantastic.....	Fantastic is the best way to describe our weekend at the Millenium. It was my husbands 50th birthday and we couldn't have stayed in a better place. The front desk person, Bermith, she was wonderful. The room was more than we expected. The view was breathtaking.We have only great things to say about the Millenium UN Plaza. Thank you.	
Jan 22 2006	Big room king bed and oh so quiet!	My husband and I spent ten nights at the UN Millennium over Christmas and found it to be a perfect hotel for a tourist in NYC. We visited NY last year at the same time, but found our hotel to be very noisey so this time we sought a hotel where we knew that it would be quiet, regardless of the room we were given. We studied the map and worked out that the hotel was in a quiet location and the hotel is located above two office towers, starting at level 27, so it was well above the street noise. We booked a Deluxe King room and were on level 37 which is the second top floor. The cost was great. $325 for the first night then $165 the rest of the night because it was low season for the Millennium with the UN not in session. It was a nice big room, really comfy king bed and quite large bathroom. We had an excellent view uptown of the river and skyscrapers. The windows are double glased but you can open them and it was so quiet, that we slept with the window open one night. It was great to get some fresh air!The concierge was very helpful. I called a week before we arrived and they organised a car to pick us up from the airport and likewise when we left. We didn't bother with the hotel breakfast and went to John's diner which is on corner up from the hotel on 2nd Ave. Classic American breakfast, quick and pleasant service. If you walk up to the high 50s and 60th Street on 2nd Ave, there are some good local restaurants from an easy going bar like Press Room to more upmarket restaurants. As this is a residential area, we found the service and food to be far superior to the standard midtown restaurants catering predominantly to tourists. The chinese across the road was surprisingly good and we went there twice. The location of the Millennium is excellent for the tourist who likes walking. It is only a quick walk to Grand Central and if you do want to take a taxi, there are always taxis out the front of the hotel. As experienced international travellers, we found this to be an excellent hotel in New York.	
Jan 20 2006	Great place to stay and superb views	My family and I stayed here for 6 nights and stayed in what must be the west tower as we had a fantastic view of the Empire State and Chrylser building. Our rooms were 3636 and 3637. They were identical to the ones shown in another review for a room on the 40th floor. The rooms were large and well appointed, The bathroom was a little old but still more than adequate and what you would expect for a 3 / 4 star hotel. The rooms were well cleaned and the staff never really bothered us. The room we had did not have wireless internet or coffee tea facilities. We mentioned this on their questionnaire - amazingly they e mailed in response. They have internet access but it still has some bugs and coffee and tea machines are available on request.The staff were very friendly and the security / sniffer dogs on the front door were very friendly.We didn't use the pool or the gym - but we did have a look and the views of the East River were amazing. The pool must have been on or around the 40th floor!We did not eat at the hotel. Instead we had breakfasts at John's diner that was very close 44th and 2nd. We had a good meal at a nearby Greek fish restaurant on 1st av, several blocks north of the hotel.Our best find was the Amish supermarket / deli 45th street between 2nd and 3rd av. After a hard days sight seeing we were often too tired to go out for a restaurant meal so we opted to get take out from there. Its a food lovers paradise and has great cakes, deli, and made to order pizzas. The hotel had no problem with us picnicing in our room.The nearest tube was grand central station. However, we mostly walked to the hotel. Its a 10 to 15 min walk to Times Square.I would not hestitate to stay at this hotel again.........unless you have a fear of heights. My mum was a bit scared of the view from the floor to ceiling window.	
Jan 18 2006	great hotel great city!!!	had booked this hotel on the internet as a friend had stayed here last year and recommended it. Had checked out the comments on trip advisor and cant believe the variations in comments. visiting from Manchester (UK)we checked in after a long flight (delays), i had requested a room on the 38th floor in the new tower and we were overlooking the east river, The view of the manhattan skyline was stunning, but looking down out of the window was very scary!!The hotel was very pleasant, clean, room was spacious, rooms cleaned daily. Staff were helpful and pleasant, Gerry the barman was good company and pointed out a few good bars to try out. Didnt eat in the restaurant-due to the prices, however there are any number of fantastic diners and restaurants within a ten minute walking distance! This was my first trip to new york and i thoroughly enjoyed it! plan to visit again and would definetly stay at the millenium hotel again. If you check out the prices of other hotels i think the price is very reasonable, and well worth every penny!!	
Jan 18 2006	Loved the View	Liked the great view -- did not have any problems with hotel -- good deal and also best pizza place called Tonys on second avenue.	
Jan 17 2006	A Great Place to start the Year.	We stayed here from Jan 1st – 8th 2006. When we arrived at the hotel at 3pm (official check-in time) we were told that there were no rooms ready as the housekeeping staff had let them down. Being New Years day this was hardly surprising. We asked if when a room became available, it could be on as high a floor as possible and they said they would find us one on the 34th floor, which should be ready in about half an hour.We left our bags and went for a late leisurely lunch, returning at about five. We were then told there were still no rooms available, but after a lot of muttering between two members of staff behind the desk, a room on the 40th (top) floor of the west tower became available!I have to agree with other people who have posted, the west tower is a little shabby compared to the east (which we stayed in earlier in the year), but it was very clean and the view was spectacular. We looked on to the Chrysler and Empire State buildings. The bedroom was very spacious (by NYC standards) the bathroom huge and there was plenty of closet space.The staff were very courteous, the concierge was particularly helpful, she booked a car to take us to the airport and even minded our shopping bags for us one day. We had a problem with the safe, and security were knocking at our door within 10 minutes, sorting out the problem in no time.Security was very good, due to the close proximity to the UN Building, and sniffer dogs checked our bags on a few occasions.Due to its location, the hotel is very quiet, and it is close to bus stops on first and second avenues for up and downtown buses as well as 42nd street for cross-town buses. The subway at Grand Central is only a 10-minute walk at the most.It was good value for money, and we would definitely consider another return visit.	
Jan 16 2006	Good Price	My husband and I stayed at the Millenium UN Plaza Hotel this past weekend. It was a five minute walk to the hotel from Grand Central Station. We checked in, took our bags upstairs, and were impressed with the room. It was a decent, clean room with a spectacular view of the Chrysler and Empire State Buildings. We purchased our room on Hotwire and got a great deal. Unfortuately, it was a smoking room and we were not given the option of either/or. In the morning when we awoken, we noticed the message light was blinking on our phone. We called down to the front desk and the clerk told us because of our &quot;inconvience&quot; from the night before, the assistant manager was going to give us a complimentary breakfast. We had no inconviences, we laughed and went downstairs for our free breakfast. Ha ha! The breakfast was standard, not spectacular, and overpriced (I'm glad it was free). There isn't a lot around that area as far as breakfast options. Walk up a few blocks to the Turtle Bay area and check out some cute, quaint places to eat. If you want a good breakfast, go early to the Grey Dog Coffee in the West Village. It is on Cornelia St. My husband and I used to live in NYC and ate there all the time!	
Jan 16 2006	Great value!	My husband and I spent two nights here this past weekend and we thought it was excellent value for NYC hotels. The lobby is kind of disorienting with all the mirrors, angles and lights but WOW when you get to your room! HUGE compared to other NYC hotel rooms we have seen, with a very large bathroom and closet. And the view!!! Our room was on the 31st floor and overlooked the East River (Roosevelt Island) and 1st Avenue heading north. No street noise, a window that opens, perfectly quiet hallways...what more could you ask for? The hotel restaurant seems overpriced (didn't eat there) and we didn't see the gym or pool. It's about a four block walk to the subway and there are plenty of restaurants withing easy walking distance. We will definitely stay here again.	
Jan 14 2006	A great hotel	Visited the Milllenniumm UN Plaza in December 2004, and brought in the New Year in style. A beautiful looking hotel in the outside, which looks even better on the inside.The hotel is huge. A real skyscraper which makes you feel TINY when you look up at it. We stayed on the 32nd with two rooms. One of the rooms had spectacular views of the Empire State Building, and the Chrysler Building...meanwhile our other room has more tranquil views of the river. Travelling on the lifts if fun, with your ears popping as you rocket from ground level to floor 32. Location wise, the Millennium is okay if you like to walk. But after this 'walk' you are in the center of everything. Thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would stay many more times, if i could!	
Jan 12 2006	Great Deal	Had a nice stay here. Staff was cordial. Modern decor in the East Tower was fine. Could see that mildew beginning to build up on the bath tiles will contribute to poor maintenance. Would like to recommend Cibo restuarant on 2nd and 41st for a quiet dinner; prix fixed-3 courses seasonal menu, many choices for $30. The new Amish market on 45th is like a mini Whole Foods.	
Jan 11 2006	excellent hotel	Just returned from 3 nights at the millenium .We were on the 33rd floor in the West Tower.we had a corner room and interlocked with our kids in the next room. We had a corner room and the views were wonderful.The room had a small kitchenette and bathroom en-suite and one huge King sized bed.We loved the hotel and all its facilities esp the Pool in the other tower(takes some finding).The concierge Ana was most helpful as were all the staff.I would thoroughly recommend this place its well worth a trip and is very well located.The only problem was the Bar where the staff were rude, however this was more than matched by all the others elsewhere.Thanks for previous reviews who helped me choose itT.N. Poole England	
Jan 10 2006	Pleasant Hotel	Myself and my husband stayed at this hotel from the 27th December until the morning of 31st December. We had a pleasant stay the staff were very helpful and friendly.As someone suggested on here I emailed prior to arriving, to request a room with ‘a view’, whether the email worked I’m not sure however I did have a very nice view, where I you could see the side of the river by the UN and upper Manhattan!The room was clean and tidy, although the lack of tea/coffee facilities within the room are disappointing, especially when you have spend the whole day out in the cold, although I suppose this is why they have room service?! Which is costly!!! The bathroom did look a bit tired though. As also mentioned on here we went to Johns for Breakfast ‘cheap and cheerful’ good food, fast service that’s quite inexpensive, it was very busy!!!My husband did comment that he felt we had been in better hotels that has the same rating, however, It was clean and tidy. Despite the fact we noticed that a fork had been left on the corridor floor for the whole time of our stay!!!!A nice hotel mostly clean and tidy, polite staff, enjoyable stay.	
Jan 9 2006	What a New Year!	After getting very lucky at the last minute, four of us managed to get a large room to share at the Mill UN Plaza for four nights through the New Year.We had read previous reviews of the hotel regarding its location and found that a couple of blocks from Grand Central Station was not a bother at all.Very quiet neighborhood, which we were grateful for after our meanderings around Times Square etc this time of year!Our room was on the 33rd floor - wrap around windows with the most glorious views. Beds were comfortable, and although there were notices left around about how the towels and sheets would not be replaced every day because of the hotel's policy of saving energy, we found everything replenished every day of our stay.The staff were all very friendly and helpful. One day we found we were left too few towels, called housekeeping and they sent more up toot sweet. Our loo overflowed one morning, another call to housekeeping- all fixed by the time we returned later in the day.The pool/sauna/work-out room were just great...we made use of them and the wonderful showers and changing rooms - plentiful shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, hair dryers, moisturizing lotions etc etc. The little spin dryer for swimsuits in the changing room was great!Had breakfast at John's most mornings...we became part of the 'family' of the place! By the way, be sure to find Goodburger south down the same street a block...excellent!Check out was a breeze.Only criticism we could think of was the slow elevators...Also, never found the Internet Cafe which was supposed to be right next to the Ambassador Grill...one would have thought that a hotel of this calibre would provide wi-fi to the rooms as per.Not much of a gripe, tho.New Year's midnight found us hooting and hollering out our window to other patrons out their windows! :)	
Jan 4 2006	Was really looking forward to our stay but!	This trip we had booked for many months as it was our Silver Wedding anniversary. When we checked into the Millenuim the staff were very unfriendly. We were given a room in the East Tower so we knew it was going to be not that great- which it was'nt. Our room overlooked the back of the hotel, the bathroom was in bad need of decorating. The Beds were small and for the duration of our stay my dh slept on the floor as the bed was just too small and hard for him. What the rooms lack are, Tea &amp; Coffee making faciciities. They have a basket full of overpriced biscuits but no kettle. We did find a fantastic Deli at the corner of the road called 'Plaza Deli' Also found comfort inn and Johns diner to eat out in. All food at the Millenium is top price so shop around for eating out if you wish to stay at this hotel.	
Jan 3 2006	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at the Millenium UN plaza from the 27th Dec until the early hours of Jan 1st. After requesting rooms for both our parties, we were given adjacent rooms in the East Tower. Our room had 180degree views over Manhattan. The room was super-clean and all our needs were met. We found all the staff to be friendly and attentive, and were prepared to go out of their way to help us. Whilst we avoided the expensive restaurant, we visited John's cafe at the end of the street every day for our breakfast. This is a must, even when packed (as it always is!) we were fed very quickly. I would definitely stay at this hotel again, it was an excellent experience. We slept extremely well due to the quiet nature of the location we were in. A brilliant holiday!	
Dec 29 2005	Nice Room with a View	We stayed here the day after Christmas 2005 for my birthday celebration, nice view, very clean room, smiley, friendly staff, no problems. Bell service was very accomodating, car valet, bags etc. About a 5-6 $ cab drive to the theater district, went their a couple of times during our stay with returns of course. Over-all we'd stay here again, with a rate of 169. per night with all taxes etc we found it very reasonable.	
Dec 28 2005	New York`s best luxury hotel value	After making a last minute decision to go to New York, for a show, during the busiest hotel week of the year, we weren`t hopeful about finding anything decent. It`s now commonplace to spend upwards of $250 for even the shabby, run down properties in New York. Many of the tripadvisor reviews will attest to that. We called many places and we were horrified by the prices and the reviews. Throwing caution to the wind, we called The Millenium UN Plaza and we were delighted when they offered us an excellent rate. We`ll have to disagree with one of the reviewers below. The lobby is elegant, with polished marble, mirrors and stunning floral arrangements. The front desk staff was extroverted, cheerful, and helpful, as were all the hotel staff that we encountered. When we got to our room, we gasped at how beautiful it was. The contemporary, minimalist decor is just right, as the focus is, and should be on the remarkable city views. The spacious and pristine amenity laden bath virtually sparkled. The housekeeping staff arrived within 5 minutes after making a request for terry cloth bathrobes....an example of the attentive service found here. The hotel rooms start on the 28th floor, so there is absolutely no street noise which is a rare commodity in Manhattan. That along with an exceptionally comfortable bed, made for an excellent night`s sleep. This was a great hotel experience, and a rare New York value. To think that we could have spent a lot more for a light less, at many of the nearby properties, makes this hotel a superlative find....not to be missed by those who crave luxury for less.	
Dec 26 2005	A room with a view	We always visit family in Manhattan over Christmas, so we like to wait for an off-season deal and then pounce. This year our deal was the Millenium UN Plaza, directly across the street from the UN on the East River. What a wonderful treat! Fortunately, I had read reviews on TripAdvisor and knew to ask for a room in the renovated West Tower. Our room (3637) was beautiful, decorated in muted Asian decor. The bath was huge, with polished marble floors, fantasitic lighting, and mucho counter space. The closets are huge and there are many built in bureaus drawers plus big mirrors. Best of all the large bedroom has a huge floor to ceiling picture window looking out over the Empire State Bldg, the Chevron Bldg and Grand Central Station. At night we turned off all the lights, turned the arm chairs around and just gazed over the awesome skyline spread out below us. I must say the staff at the UN Millenium seems genuinely warm. They always recognized us and greeted us by name. Also out front are security TSA agents and bomb sniffing dogs. I had a grand time making friends with the dogs, and it made me feel very secure to know that all those beefy cops were guarding the entrance. The lobby is odd, and needs to be updated. The floor is highly polished green and white marble, the walls and black with chrome and scads of bare lightbulbs. Also lots of mirrored surfaces. It can be a little too much like a fun house; confusing and disconcerting. The lobby furniture is under stated and elegant; I hope that they tone down the lighting to match this. The pool and health club have awesome views of the East River. You can jump on a treadmill or eliptical machine and work out with floor to ceiling views of the East River. The pool is lovely and features insane views down the East River. It is kind of Sixties retro decor with a black, chrome and aqua motif. I loved our renovated room in the West Tower, but I felt that I owed it to you folks to check out the East Tower, so I got a key and looked at a room. The rooms in the East Tower are somewhat dingy, not nearly as nice as the West Tower. They smell musty and the wallpaper was filled with holes and are marred and banged up. The views over the East River should be sweeping and grand, but the windows are much smaller on this side, so you can't lie in bed and just glory in the view. We like to walk so we walked the four long blocks to Grand Central Station. The neighborhood is wonderful to walk around, and if you have an over active imagination like I do, you can assign a mysterious diplomatic connection to everyone you see on the street. The Millenium UN plaza was a joy, and an adventure and I can't wait to stay there again.	
Dec 26 2005	Rooms okay but Noisy	I had high expectations after reading the reviews and I'm afraid my experience at this hotel didn't quite match up. It's extremely noisy. Lots of street noise as well as noise from the families trampling up and down the hallways. The rooms are very clean and fairly well appointed. The staff is also very friendly. The food at the free breakfast is not good at all, so that was a disappointment. There is a shuttle that's part of the Anaheim trolley system and it picks up in front of the hotel every 25 minutes. This property would be good for large families who need a suite style room and don't mind the considerable noise.	
Dec 22 2005 	Great Stay...no matter what anyone else said	The Millennium UN Plaza is located on the East side of Midtown. It is roughly 1 block from the United Nations. When you first arrive at this hotel, you must have your bags checked at the door by security. This is standard. From here you enter the beautiful lobby. The lobby is adorned with reflective glass and lighting. With it being the holiday season, there was a beautiful Christmas tree in the center. Once checked in, we made our way to the 38th floor and our room. The room was small but not bad for NYC standards. Since there were 3 of us, we had an extra cot brought in and still had plenty of room to move around. The room itself seemed to have a modern Asian flair. It had a closet for hanging our clothing and storing our luggage. It also had a spacious bathroom and shower. The only complaint about the shower would be that the showerhead could have been a few inches higher. The view from the panoramic windows were breath taking. We had a view of the Queensburo bridge and of the old Pepsi Co. sign--which can be seen best at night. The staff at the hotel was great. The concierge, Shawn, was awesome. He was a great help in setting up our car service to the airport. The doormen, Edward and Robert, were knowledgeable and helpful. And the front desk accommodated any request we made. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 22 2005	Excellent Stay at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel!	The Millennium is a great hotel located 15 minutes walking distance from 5th avenue, and 20 minutes walking distance from Time Square. The hotel was clean and the room great! Everyone I spoke to before booking my trip complained how typically small NY hotel rooms are. The Millennium broke the mold, because the room was trendy and I would not use the word spacious, but it was very comfortable. The standard room had a king size bed, desk, chair, and sofa! The best thing is the view; the lowest floor room is on the 27th floor! The room I had was on the 30th floor with a view of the river and city that were spectacular! My only complainant if I had to find one was that the room’s Internet connection did not work, but who cares! I did not come to NY to surf the web visit this cool city, see the sites, and enjoy their great restaurants! For an inexpensive breakfast or lunch I highly recommend the Comfort Diner located on E. 45Street between 2nd and 3rd Ave.	
Dec 19 2005	What a view!	My wife and I spent a couple of days in New York and stayed here at a great rate (the MOMA package). We had a room on the 40th floor facing mid-town, the staff came very clsoe to what we requested, which is a fabulous view. The room was spacious and very comfortable and had a nice marble bath room. Breakfast at the Ambassador Grill was great, especially the fresh fruit. My wish list for the hotel would be that our view would have been so much better with wall to wall windows instead of the single floor to ceiling panel in the middle of the wall - very nice, but it felt a bit like looking out a portal. There are a few nitpicks not worth mentioning as for us this was all about the view and comfort of the room. Enjoy!	
Dec 3 2005	ignore the bad reviews!	I am a travel agent form the uk and myself and a friend stayed at this hotel for 5 nights over thanksgiving.I booked this hotel after reading many reviews on this and loads of other hotels.I was very wary as lately there have been some terrible reviews of the hotel but i think that if you request a room in the east tower which is the renovated tower you will be fine, at the end of the day if you are not totally happy with your room you only have to ask to be changed!As advised on trip advisor we had requested the east tower and we got just that!Our room was very spacious 2 big comfortable beds nice furnishings and the bathroom was pristine.The view was out of this world in fact i think we probably had the best views of any hotel in new york.Our room overlooked the chyrsler building and the empire state building if you want the same thing ask for the east tower and a room with a west view.Smoking and non smoking rooms are available aswell.The room had a walk in wardrobe with an iron and ironing board and the bathroom had a powerfull hairdryer.If you are going to the states dont bother taking your hair straighteners or curling tongs they won't work very well with the voltage,we bought a pair of straighteners over there.A lot of people have complained that there is a fridge in the room but it is locked,thats true but you just need to ask at reception for the key!We emptied the mini bar and put our own food and drinks in the fridge.Whatever you do do not order from room service or have anything from the mini bar its mega expensive,over £3 for a can of coke.whenever you order room service on top of the price on the menu you are charged a 15% gratuity fee and $2 pp in room charge, to give you an idea a pot of tea for one person was $11 approx £7 and then you always tip $2-3 dollars on top of that.Again many people complained there were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room this again was true but on our second day there i asked at reception and they told me to ring room service as they have a limited number of coffee/tea machines.This we did and within 15 mins a coffee machine arrived at our room and we were not charged anything for it.A few doors up from the hotel is a grocery shop which sells coffee,tea bags,milk, sandwiches salads etc and it stays open till around 10pm.As mentioned in other reviews we ate breakfast most mornings at johns diner across the road from the hotel the food was fresh tasty and reasonably priced.Another big plus about this hotel is the area it is in-quiet which is great we had a good nights sleep every night.Grand central station is honestly around a 6 minute walk from the hotel and from here you can catch a subway anywhere,times square around 20 mins walk and madison gardens 15 mins.If you find it too cold to walk you can flag a cab and they are not too expensive.As for people writing bad reviews on the gym i really wonder if we were staying in the same hotel or possibly the gym and pool has had a big makeover.The pool was warm and clean and had fab views and the gym was a good size for a hotel and all the equipment looked new and up to date, i use a JJB sports gym at home which is brand spanking new and to be honest the equipment in the hotel was almost the same as there.The staff were mostly polite and helpful we had no complaints.Frank the doorman was especially helpful.All in all we had a fantastic time in new york and i think the fact we stayed in such a nice hotel made all the difference.After visitng times square we were so pleased that we were not in a hotel in that area as it was so NOISY!If we go back to New York which i imagine we will we will stay at this hotel.If you are thinking of booking this hotel and you think its too expensive bear in mind you get what you pay for,as a travel agent i was aware of many other lower rating hotels that were a lot cheaper but i didnt want to go all that way and then have a dump of a hotel.	
Nov 8 2005	Millenium UN Plaza	Excellent hotel - delighted with our 2 bathroomed suite. Like all of the other New Yorkers I met in our 3 day blitz, staff were unhelpful and abrupt. Seems to be the expected way to be there.	
Nov 1 2005	I'll be back	After reading the tripadvisor reviews, I booked a reservation here for four nights (Oct. 26-30) with some qualms. I was attracted by the reports of quiet--a very scarce commodity in Manhattan but one that I prize. Also the rates--with my AAA discount--were (barely) acceptable. And then there were the much ballyhooed views. On the other hand, several users complained about disagreeable service and diminished room quality. Just returned, and I'm glad to say that the place lived up to its enthusiastic reviews. Room (on 34th floor, north side) was indeed quiet, had a great view. The staff were all friendly and accommodating. Heeding tripadvisor comments, I asked for and received a room in the new tower; it was nicely appointed. Very comfortable bed. The walk to the subway at Grand Central takes only 10 minutes. Walking is one thing I love to do in NYC; not a problem for me. Yes, the prices at the hotel's restaurant are outrageous. But there's no need to pay them. Again following tripadvisor advice, I ate breakfast in John's Diner, on the corner of 2nd and 44th. I also picked up some delicious take-out at the new Amish Market (nothing particularly Amish about it, as far as I could tell, except for the countrified decor), on E. 45th, just west of 2nd Avenue. Lots of tempting things to eat there. I should have brought a bathing suit, so I could have checked out the pool. Next time. Two things I would have liked that I didn't get: faster elevators in the morning (the wait can be very long), and a mini-refrigerator in my room (there was one, but it was locked). But those are quibbles. Next time I need a hotel room in Manhattan, I will book one here.	
Oct 27 2005	Loved it	HI I am a travel consultant in the Uk and have to say that this hotel was fab We checked in at 10pm at night - tired after a long flight - got taken up to our room and were astounded to discover a fantastic view from our floor to ceiling windows - Chrysler &amp; empire state building from our bedroom -some of the best photos we took were from our bedroom really excellent size room, nice bathroom - perhaps a little bit tired in the bathroom area and in need of a bit of TLC but clean and tidy and the biggest hotel room we stayed in in our 4 weeks in US would defintely go back	
Oct 26 2005	Dull and worn-out	After 6 nights in Upper west side cozy hotel Lucerne, we came to this hotel. We were attending to a big party, and since all the festivities were in the close neighbourhood, the guests were advised to stay at Millenium Un Plaza. There was a quite good deal negotiated for the rate.Whereas Lucerne was great and cozy and nice, this hotel was too big, too &quot;wanna-be-modern-but-ended up being shabby&quot;. The entryhall is full of mirrors, which might sound nice but the end-result is not that sophisticated. Room was BIG, and the view is great (be ware if you are afraid of heights!!). That's about it. I saw the paint flaking in many spots around the room, especially bathroom was very untidy and worn-out. The bed was good, and the closet is roomy. Staff was unfriendly. Neighbourhood is not bad, but it's not good either; All in all, this hotel is not so good quality.Oh, one of the luggage-guys was excellent. While dragging your luggage up to your room, he to gives you a comprehensive lesson about the neighbourhood attractions and restaurants and jokes with you; that was the only time I felt welcome in this hotel!!If you are on business, I guess you could stay here for a short period, but IF you are with family or on a romantic getaway, think again.	
Oct 25 2005	excellent views with very helpful staff	We arrived at the hotel feeling pretty tired due to the flight, but once we got into our room we woke up.The view was second to none, a staff member named frank helped us with our luggage and gave us a map and pointed out some landmarks and gave us a detailed but quick brief on where to go how to get there ect... We was on the 38th floor, the very top, the lift took no time at all to reach the top. The only thing i can think of that could improe the hotel is to place Tea/Coffee making facilities into the rooms.	
Oct 24 2005	Wonderful.....	After reading the reviews -- I was a bit leary about staying at this hotel--BUT-- oh my gosh-- IT WAS AWESOME-- I was a first time visitor to NYC-we arrived early in the AM-- we checked in and - of course no rooms were ready-- as check in is not until later in the day-- staff was kind enough to keep our luggage for us-- Nicole identified that we needed a roll away bed-( I did not have to ask her)- this was waiting for us when we returned in the afternoon-- the view was awesome-- the room staff .....EVERYTHING WAS GREAT---the prices in the restaurant and room service were a bit high for me-- but most hotels have high prices in the food areaA reviewer at this site-- had mentioned JOhn's diner at the corner-- it was great-- good food prices and service.... also there are many deli/cafes around-- reasonably priced..BEWARE-- when we got off the plane a fella came up and asked us if we needed a cab-- of course we did-- after we loaded the luggage-- and got in I asked how much this would be-- so I could get my monsy ready-- he said &quot;65.00 + toll fee&quot; I thought WOW-- but this is NYC and prices are high---- after talking to the hotel staff-- I found that that was 3 x the fee for airport to hotel -- ALWAYS USE YELLOW CAB- (which we did going back to the airport -- it was $ 22.90) this was a cab-- but it was a black car---- I learned a very expensive lesson.. I would love tostay at this hotel again -- but I cannot afford it-- It was a once in a lifetime trip-- my memories will have to sustain me....WONDERFUL VISIT ....	
Oct 23 2005	Think Twice	We were greeted by an outrageously surly registration clerk. Our party of three rooms was split between the hotel's two towers, so each room visit meant 35 floors down one tower, crossing the lobby and going 35 floors up the other tower. The beds were rock hard. The rooms at the same rate were dramatically different in size, shape and amenities. Our room did have a spectacular view. The mini bar is not stocked by the maids, it's stocked later in the day by a second surprise visitor. The cost for two bowls of cereal, a juice and two coffees in the hotel restaurant was $45. The concierge was helpful. The rooms felt clean, albeit quite worn. Our room had pink spots all over the floor. The hotel is not especially well located, it is a jaunt from Grand Central station and a bit of a long cab ride from Penn Station. The area empties out on weekends and there are few restaurants to walk to. The first 30 floors apparently belong to the building next door so prepare for long elevator rides. Everyone had his or her hand out, and even ice requires hotel employee delivery. We noticed our tv audio was restricted to a very low maximum.	
Oct 15 2005	Breathtaking Views!!!	This hotel is good value for money. The rooms are huge for new york and the views from our room where amazing!!!This hotel is slightly out of the way but not by much...we were able to walk to most places and taxis are inexpensive anyway.I have been in New York quite a few times and this is definitely the best hotel I have stayed in when visiting and I will definitely be back!!!	
Oct 11 2005	I loved this hotel	This hotel was great. The room was huge by any standards, and the view breathtaking. The swimming pool although slighty cold had beautiful views and it was amazing seeing the lights of the city as you swam around at night!!Will hopefully get the chance to stay here again!!	
Oct 9 2005	Good Hotel but some Reservations	Two of us stayed for five days at the UN Plaza Millennium Hotel the first week of October 2005. We would ordinarily have stayed in a more centrally located hotel but we were meeting friends who previously had stayed at this hotel and liked it. I asked for, and received a corner room on the thirty-eighth floor. The view was spectacular and the room, with two full beds, was large and comfortable. Be prepared for dizzying mirror overload when you walk in the lobby and other public rooms of the Millennium. Everything - Everything ! - is covered in mirrors and reflecting surfaces. I don't find it attractive, but some expensive designer did, so who am I to quibble. The irony is that despite the abundance of mirrored surface throughout the public spaces, there was not a single mirror in the room itself. The bathroom, of course, is plastered in mirror, but it all becomes steamed up with use, and it would be nice to use a dry mirror in the room. In protest, I was tempted to shave in the lobby when this occurred.  The staff was friendly, and when we called on one occasion for some more hangers they were immediately delivered with a smile. Later, when we called again to have the safe opened someone came within half an hour. Maid service was unobtrusive and responsive during the entire stay. There is Ethernet Internet service in the room, but charged at $10 per 24 hour period, which on this occasion I shrugged off as I had gotten such a good rate on the room. Except for the food service, mentioned below, I can say the stay at the hotel was very comfortable. The beds are good, and their was very little noise either from outside or inside. The hotel is on the east side of Manhattan, directly across from the UN building, so the area is heavily populated by diplomatic staff and a good measure of security personnel as well. You will hear every language in and around this hotel. The area is a good one, despite being somewhat inconvenient to subways and a long walk to museums and shopping. The residential areas around are very nice, and there is a healthy scattering of restaurants and small grocery shops within easy walking distance. To our delight, we found some excellent restaurants nearby, including Jubilee on 54th Street (the hotel is on 44th St) and L'Impero in Tudor City, right around the block from the hotel. We also found a very nice small French restaurant called Deux Amis on 51st St, between 1st and 2nd Avenue nearby.  Above all, avoid any food service at the hotel itself, unless it comes with your room. In our case, it did not, and we were shocked at the heavily marked up prices for room service, breakfast and dinner at the Millennium. Believe me, I am from Miami, a tourist city, and I have traveled enough to know outrageous prices for food when I see it. The area around the hotel is loaded with reasonably priced, attractive restaurants nearby, and for breakfast you can't beat the Columbian coffee and take out food at small deli-grocery shops right next to, or up on 2nd Avenue a block away. You soon become aware that almost anyone staying in this hotel not on the UN dole is bringing in their breakfast each day. I will give the UN Plaza Millennium Hotel three stars here. It would be more but for the horrifying food prices and location away from so much of the cities transportation and shopping. And, what the hell, maybe a quarter star off for the little-shop-of-mirrors effect.  card	
Sep 25 2005	quite sad	I wish I had booked elsewhere! The location wasn't horrible, but closer to midtown would have been nicer. We wanted early check-in, but were not able to get it because we needed 2 beds (2 friends). Due the this factor, I believe we got put in the &quot;old&quot; tower. Yikes. The decor was scary and the cleanliness was worse. Don't look at the vent above the shower head.... I'm not sure when that had been cleaned.... if ever. The lobby is even worse looking that the rooms. I highly recommend not to eat in the diner, or whatever that is, downstairs. You'd be been off to take a cab somewhere else. Nowwhere nearby to catch a good meal. If you must stay here, it is safe and the staff is friendly, but I suggest to look for something better. Surely should not be rated 3 1/2 stars.	
Sep 12 2005 	Good View Insulting Service Bad Maintainence	The view are incredible and it hosts numerous visiting diplomates.I have stayed here a few times because of its convenience to the UN, but the cost and faxt it falling apart and the staff more greedy then they are civil makes this visit my last for sometime. First several things in the room did not work such as the sink in ther bath tub, the high speed internet, the bath room light. The King bed was nice, but they used Queen size sheets on it? Second in the gym not only was some of the gym equipment not working, but the pool had been declared a health hazard by the Department of Health! And this is a five star hotel...abet in NYC where the stars are for dollars, not quality.The Ambassador Grill resturant is medium quality with a high-priced Sunday brunch that is about fifty bucks a person. The beef was chewy and tastless, possibly from having been out too long. The salads limited and not alaways fresh. The best items were the usual breakfast items that you can go to for five bucks in a dozen cafe's within walking distance. To add insult to injury the waiters add their own 20% tip to bill...after taxes!The front door staff seemed preoccupied, perhaps waiting for famous diplomats. One doorman opened the taxi door for me then disappeared leaving me at the curb with two large suitcases. The Concierge seem well informed when I asked him about a post office, but offered to get me Broadway tickes for three times the price saying the show was sold out when we got tickets for the same show, the same night at the half-price ticket booth in Times Square.While I was mesmerized by the view, I was utterly disgusted by the service, the food, and the facilities. Nevertheless, the view could make this place a good choice if that is all you are looking for...unfortunately I was looking for more.	
Sep 7 2005	A great place to stay	We read Trip Advisor reviews and this sounded like a good choice in a city with very low standards unless you are prepared to spend $500+ a night. We booked via Orbitz and got a great deal. However, having stayed in NYC many times, we still arrived expecting some problems or disappointments.There was construction going on outside, but as soon as you entered the hotel there was no noise. The lobby is small and was full of airline staff booking in, however we got checked in within 15 minutes and were given a 40th floor room with a fantastic view of the river. The room was huge by NY standards with a king bed and nice bathroom. It was in the &quot;unrefurbished&quot; side, so by the sound of other reviews we lucked out. We used the pool which was a good size and great fun, being at the top of the tower. We didn't eat at the hotel so we can't speak for the foodI can't believe we stayed at same place as some of the newer reviewers. They should definitely lighten up! The staff were all presentable and helpful and we were greeted with &quot;hellos&quot; and &quot;good mornings&quot; everywhere - not exactly a NY trait!So in conclusion - we'll be back!	
Sep 7 2005	Great Hotel!	This was the hotel I was looking forward to most over the whole of my trip! And it was a great hotel, but not worth the extra money!The views from the room were great, and the rooms were kept extremely clean. The rooms were a good size, but the bathroom was not exactly brilliant.The pool area was very nice on the 27th floor and the views from it were breathtaking.There was construction work going on at the front of the building but this never bothered us.The front desk staff were not over helpful, but the concierge man was very helpful.The prices in the restaurant downstairs were ridiculous and we didnt even go near the place.We found the location of the hotel quite good, although there wasnt many subway stations close by so it was often quite a walk to go anywhere.Overall the hotel was a very nice hotel, but I wouldnt go there again, simply because I think you could find a similiar hotel, for a cheaper price.	
Sep 6 2005	Absolutly perfect!!!!	We stayed at the millennium in late august in 2005. We requested a corner room and received it. We also checked in at 11:00 in the morning and got a room immediatly when check in is 3:00 pm. We had beautiful panoramic views of the east river form one window and the empire state building from the other. We were greeted by a bellman who went out of his way to help us out. He brought us a map and all 5 of our bags. We had mentioned that we wanted a microwave, but they said they didn't have one they could give us. the next day they brought one up with dishes and a complimentary coffee maker. Everybody we dealt with went above and beyond. everybody was polite and the room was immaculate and beuatifully decorated. people were always available in the lobby to help with directions. I would definatly stay here again in a heart beat!!!!!	
Aug 30 2005	perfect	This hotel was perfect. Even though there was building work going on outside I havent a bad word to say about the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpfull and everywhere was very clean. The views are wonderfull and it is perfectly located. I would definatly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 22 2005	Good hotel for the price we paid	We booked this via Travelocity and got a really good deal, about half the standard rate. For the money we paid the location was great, the room was averagely furnished (beds a bit small) but with a fine view of the New York skyline and the river. Staff were helpful when we asked for tea making facilities in our room which were not provided as standard. The hotel is within walking distance of all the main tourist attractions/Grand Central Station for access to the subway. If you want a good value breakfast, try &quot;John's&quot; diner, a hundred yards from the hotel entrance heading into the City, on the corner of 44th and 2nd Avenue.	
Aug 21 2005	Location Good but Beware	My family (wife, 11 year old daughter and I) just came back from NY where we stayed at the Millenium from August 15 through the 19th. We had read the reviews posted on this site so we were somewhat prepared for what we experienced.Firstly, there was construction being done right outside the entrance of the hotel which was a little annoying. Next, the lobby is very gawdy with the mirrors and all. My wife went up to the desk to register but waited a good 7-10 minutes before finally being acknowledged. After registering, we took the elevators (behind the desk -- we were in the west tower which is not the refurbished one). The elevator was not air conditioned and uncomfortable (I guess they need to keep costs down). Our room (#3836) was large, but as expected it was a little shabby and out-of-date.The positives were: the view looking westward was fantastic, the AC did work, the room and bathroom were clean, the bed and pillows were good, lockable safe was convenient, received a complementary USA Today paper everyday, and closet was nicely sized. The pool was good way to cool off after a day in the August heat, although we were fortunate that we did have some fairly pleasant days last week. Views from the pool area were also fantastic. Location of the hotel was also good from a safey standpoint as well as its proximity to points of interest such as, Times Square, Theater District, etc., and access to transportation. As a side note, I must say that it was very easy to get around NY, at least the Manhattan area via public transportation which was very reliable and efficient. I recommend getting a Metra Card as soon as you arrive at the airport. We came into La Guardia and were able to get 3 weekly Metra Cards each with unlimited rides for $24 each from a Hudson News Stand vendor.Negatives were: the plumbing was bad (leaking faucet, stopped-up bathtub drain), not enough towels (only gave us two although we repeatedly requested a third -- I guess they need to keep costs down), thin bath soap was used up after one day but didn't get replacement everyday, the plate on one of the electrical outlets was missing, there was no coffe maker, no complementary snacks, the items in the refrigerator were expensive and judging from the accumulated dust, very old (I did breakdown and got an Amstel Lite which was very flat when I opened it), stains in the worn carpet, AC was very noisy, not enough hangers in closet, bathroom door wasn't hung correctly and kept swinging open, breakfast buffet is good but pricey, no WIFI internet access in room, the water in the pool was COLD! As stated by other reviewers here, the concierge was only available from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. I did get to ask him something our first day there, where the Morton steakhouse was as we had reservations there for dinner and he looked at me blankly and couldn't tell me. As it happens it was on 5th Ave. and 45th Street, 4 blocks west and 1 block north of our hotel.I guess, you could get really picky and cite other details, and after a week stay, some of those details tend to to gnaw at you, knowing you paid a fairly high price for the room, but, overall, the experience was OK. Everything is relative and you could probably get better in NY but will probably have to pay for it. As a corporate traveler, I've stayed at hotels better appointed than this one with better amenities, at $70 to $80 a night, but those were in Schenectady, Minneapolis, Alabama, etc., so can't really compare.We had breakfast almost everyday at John's Cafe just 1 block west and it is a good deal for a quick hot breakfast. ($16 for all 3 of us including tips). The Szichuan Chinese restaurant across the street is not inexpensive, but the food was very good and very well presented.They did provide us with a complementary breakfast buffet our last day there to compensate for our troubles which was well appreciated.Overall, the rating I've given for this may be misrepresentative (2 out of 5 or 40%), but I chose the one with the text that closely matched our experience, &quot;Okay, but some problems.&quot; It is probably more average than the 2 out 5 rating would suggest. I would probably look into staying at this hotel again and not rule it out automatically the next time we visit NY. Again, its location, while not being &quot;in the thick of things,&quot; is fairly ideal as a safe, quiet place to retreat to after a day's worth of sightseeing and shopping in NY.	
Aug 15 2005	June tour visits...Millennium UN Plaza	We stopped here on 23th June 2005 for 5 nights. The hotel is located on the East side by the river and about 10 minutes walk in what seemed like a good district to Grand Central station and from there you can get anywhere.We were very disappointed with this hotel. It was our most expensive hotel on the trip and if we hadn't read on Trip Advisor some months earlier about the refurbished block at the Millennium we would have packed our bags and left (Thanks TA!). We tried two rooms before asking if we could look at one in the refurbished block. They are significantly better, unfortunately we're not sure how you identify them other than to say if your lift block is behind reception rather than past the little shop then you're in the wrong block!The old rooms are shabby and the furniture is very worn, we'd even go as far as saying battered. In the new ones there is a modern decor theme and they feel much cleaner. However, that said they are poorly put together, clearly a very cheap and unskilled outfitter did the work.The views from the rooms are very good, there's no doubt. Swimming so high up with the Chrysler and Empire State buildings is quite an experience but even the pool needs some TLC much like the rest of the hotel.We really can't believe the rave reviews this hotel gets. The only thing we can think of is that you don't get much for your money in NY and it was our first trip here. Having said that we checked out what became our second choice hotel while we were there the 'Red Roof Inn' and it was much cheaper and easily as well appointed as the Millennium. Interestingly there were a lot of well dressed people and business people at this hotel which given our view of the hotel seemed a little odd, but in some ways it was reassuring.We didn't want to mention our first impressions of the guy on the desk but we will anyway. His suit literally had holes in the elbow and it looked like it had been ironed on a temperature that was far too hot for the fabric creating a bubble effect. Not the sort of impression we were expecting of a hotel that claims to be 4 star. While his appearance was an initial shock, it has to be said he was extremely pleasant and helpful in letting us view other rooms and finally securing our place in the refurbished block.We'd definitely try somewhere else on our next NY trip. It's a good location but let down by everything else. To put our review into context, this was part of our June tour of California and New York that included the following hotels, also reviewed on tripadvisor.Sofitel - Los Angeles, Best Western O'cairns - Lompoc, Travel Lodge Monterey Bay, Serrano - San Francisco, Wuksachi Lodge - Sequoia Nat park, Yosemite View Lodge - Yosemite Nat park, Furnace Creek Ranch - Death Valley, Aladdin - Las Vegas, UN Millennium Plaza - New York	
Aug 10 2005	Great deal great location	We stayed at the UN Millennium hotel in Manhattan for six nights in August 2005, and had a great time. With our Canadian Automobile Association membership, we were able to get very reasonable room rates. The room was clean, comfortable and not too small, with great views of the UN building and the East River. The hotel is located across the street from the UN building, within a 10-minute walk of Grand Central Station, and a $10 cab fare from Times Square and Broadway.Highly recommended...I can't wait to go back!	
Aug 4 2005	Great room good price Great location.	We just returned from New York City...what an amazing place to visit! I decided to book the Millenium UN Plaza with hopes that the reviews were accurate (this was my first experience with trip advisor). The day I arrived in NYC, I walked into the mirrored lobby of the Millenium (wow that's alot of mirrors!), hopped into the elevator to the 33rd floor and was happily surprised when I opened the door. The room was clean, very large (considering it is New York), the shower was powerful, the AC was GREAT as it was over 95 degrees that week, and the service was good - after calling the front desk to tell them about the safe not working they immediately sent someone to fix it. The bonus was the pool - after walking for hours each day in extremely humid heat it was so refreshing to go for a swim. Also, the room was very quiet which was important to me. The hotel is in a great location for walking or catching the double decker tour buses right across the street and I can't forget to mention the doormen who were very helpful in hailing us cabs, storing our luggage the day we flew out, delivering our luggage the day we arrived and remembering our names. All in all, my friend and I were very happy with our accomodations and would highly recommend this hotel. Great experience. And thanks Tripadvisor for your help.	
Jul 24 2005	Relaxed with the Reflexologist!	I went to the Millennium Hotel with my husband and absolutely fell in love with the spa/pool area! The view of the city was breathtaking! They also offer reflexology sessions; our practioner, Rose was wonderful! I would definitely recommend stopping by the spa for an afternoon break!	
Jul 20 2005	A Great Stay Far From The Madding Crowds	My daughter and I stayed at the Millenium from July 10th to the 17th. I combined business with pleasure as I was in New York to attend a conference. Our room was terrific with views of the East River as well as the Chrysler and the Empire State Buildings. The pool is large and heated (although a few degrees warmer would have been nice) They have a lovely ladies' locker room complete with hair dryers, shampoo, soaps, lotions, and dressing table, a sauna and lockers if you want to change and be on your way. Very nice workout room as well. The only real problem we had was the absence of the consierge. This being our first time in New York we had a number of location questions and in the absence of the consierge, the people at the front desk were not a great deal of help. It seemed that the consierge was there during the day, after 8:00 A.M. and gone before 4:00 P.M. Since I was busy at the conference for most of the day, there was no one available to suggest restaraunts or give directions. The room service was not the greatest either. We tried to order after 10:00 P.M. and were not able to. Other than that, we loved the hotel. The doormen were very pleasant and friendly, and we always returned to a spotless room. I would definitely recommend its location, close to everything, yet quieter than the other busier parts of the city. We had a wonderful stay and felt that the Millenium Hotel did an excellent job of living up to our expectations.	
Jul 17 2005	Loved the UN Millennium!!	Awesome room, with a fantastic view of the Empire State &amp; Chrysler &amp; Pan Am Buildings. Great 70's retro decor!! Great location and a pool on the 30th floor overlooking the UN. Want to go back and stay there again!!	
Jul 10 2005 	Studio 54 Lobby but the rooms are just fine...	Checking in today, I was quite apprehensive. The lobby is an absolute horror of 1970's chrome, mirror and glass. The service was very slow and a bit nonchalant but ok for NYC.We arrived at noon and the room was not ready so we left our bags and head out to do some shopping.Got back at 7pm and had no trouble collecting our keys and bags.Headed up to the room in the hot elevator, still a little worried about what I would walk into.The elevator door opened and it was like a different world... well, at least the new millenia.Room is nice and the bed is 'ok'The location is pretty good, too.The view is stunning... at least to this Texas girl.I think I prefer this room over the room I had at the W Court, except for the bed.They really need to rip out that horrible lobby and start over!	
Jul 4 2005	Former New Yorkers in search of hotel find happiness	My cousin and I, former New Yorkers, planned a last minute trip to the city to visit an elderly aunt who lives in Queens. I searched the internet and read the reviews on this site before making a decision. The positive reviews as well as the hotel's location on the East Side (near the bridge and tunnel to Queens) were deciding factors. The hotel's web site showed a room with twin beds available for about $239. I decided to make the reservation by phone rather than online to make sure they reserved a room with two beds. During our conversation, I asked the reservation clerk if they offered a cheaper government rate (I'm a federal employee) even though I was not traveling on government business. He said yes, bring your ID, and you'll get the room for $200 plus tax. I requested an email confirmation, which was forwarded promptly. The next day I emailed Brian, the reservation clerk, asking for a room in the renovated tower with views of the city (per suggestions by viewers here.) He responded quickly and confirmed the room assignment request. Well, I must say we loved the hotel and the room (34th floor). Service was excellent. We were allowed to check in early (around noon). The room was contemporary, light and airy. Bathroom was splendid, with the best lighting I've ever seen (recessed behind a mirror, with a pinkish glow). A southwest view of the city, including the Empire State Building, was partially obscured by the adjacent tower. However, the mirrored glass of that tower reflected the city's lights at night, and it was beautiful. Our favorite hotel amenity was the fitness center. The exercise room, though small, has the best assortment of machines and weights that I've ever seen in a hotel, and they were in perfect condition. As others have mentioned, the room has views of the East River and Manhattan to the north. Some reviewers noted poor maintenance at the swimming pool, but it looked pretty swell to me. Even the locker room was attractive: marble walls, several shower stalls with dressing areas, sauna, free use of bath and shampoo products. Ask the desk clerk for towel and lock for the locker; no extra charge. The only drawback to the hotel -- also noted by other reviewers -- is the lack of cafe or bar. Both John's Cafe and the Bakers Dozen (no table seating here) are fine for breakfast, but I'm sure there are many other comparable places within walking distance. There's a good convenience store down the street from the hotel for snacks and beverages. We had a tasty, cheap dinner at a Chinese noodle joint on 2nd Avenue around 47th St. (12 bucks for two, no atmosphere.)Can't wait to go back.	
Jun 21 2005	Very Great Experience	My honey and I (early 30s) took a trip to NYC for a weekend getaway (6/17-6/19). After reading several NYC hotel reviews I was very scared, to say the least, when it came to determining our lodging accommodations. Not to mention, my beau is very very VERY particular about hotels, especially when it comes to the cleanliness of the bathrooms. We wound up getting a rate of $219 a night for the Millennium UN Plaza. Pricey, compared to what I see some folks have paid for this place, but having booked only 3 weeks out..thought it was worth it. So now to the review:**LOCATION**Not too bad at all. Its 3 blocks from Grand Central and is a 10-15 min walk to Time Square. You can also take the &quot;S&quot; Shuttle from GC one stop if you don’t want to walk. The hotel is directly across the street from the UN, which was cool as that was one of the places we wanted to visit on this trip. The neighborhood where the hotel is located is very nice and quiet with a deli, market and a few restaurants very close. We felt very secure and didn't have to contend with the hustle / bustle and continuous horn honking at night which was a good thing when u're looking to get a good nights sleep after being dead tired from being out ALLL day in NYC. **HOTEL STAFF**We found the hotel staff to be very helpful and accommodating. Melissa at the front desk was quite patient when I called the morning of our check in to get directions to the hotel. We were allowed to check in to the hotel early (12noon) and were also able to have a late check out (2pm). Ana the Concierge was most helpful as was Ozzie the bellman. Overall everyone spoke when they saw us and were pleasant, not common of most New Yorkers.**ROOM 3420**When I first walked in the room I definitely let out a sigh of relief. I was pleased to see a normal sized hotel room, modern decor and the amazing view.....even from the door, which was magnificent. Overall, I'd give the room a B+ and here's why. There was a tear in the rug, the sofa in the room had nice fluffy pillows but looked a little worn on the cushions. Also, the ceiling when you walk into the bathroom could stand to be cleaned, it was nastly. The bathroom however was really clean and to the liking of my beau. It was spacious and bright and had no signs of mold any where :-).Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel and would surely stay here again. If you're like us and a hotel skeptic.....you will be pleased with MUN. By the way, I was in the east tower which is supposed to be the renovated tower, so ask for that side of hotel. Have fun!	
Jun 15 2005 	If only the swimming pool was maintained a little bit better	The hotel is an excellent choice most of all due to its location, its proximity to the UN building, its stunning view and its swimming pool (overlooking the River and south of Manhattan). I am staying there since ten years or so, normally for one or two weeks in February and/or April. As compared to the old days the hotel is going down in quality. Rooms, beds, phones, voice message systems, TV etc are not up to date nor well maintained. Service of front desk could absolutely be better. The swimming pool ceiling has the same stains as it had two/three years ago, and has a lot of plain rubbish of the guard on the deck. Lock your stuff away somewhere in a closet, man! Showers in the sport club same story: dirty and old curtains, soap holders, etc. I have informed the management twice (in 2003 and in 2004) but no change, only an automatic email reply thanking me for my feedback .. If you don't want to talk to and/or meet anyone during your stay, go there, you can live there for two weeks without speaking with anyone. There is no natural get-to-gether point, there is no bar, and the breakfast room is dark while prices are quite high (I go and have my breakfast in the Deli next door). Still, I go back every year, and feel like home the minute I enter my room, staring out the window, and enjoying New York City. There is no other place I wanna be while on business in NYC. On holiday and/or with family: I would choose a location more close to Central Park, more close to the restaurants, theatre, etc, it is pretty dead at night in that area, and the diplomats crossing the streets all disappear after 18h00 ...	
Jun 12 2005	How good!!!!!!!!	We stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza at the end of April 2005 for a week. We got our room upgraded on arrival to a suite and it was beautiful!!Our view out our bedroom was the Crysler and Empire State Building which was amazing!!!We visited John's Cafe for breakfast and the Bakers Dozen, both are just a two minute walk from the hotel and the food was brilliant.The town centre is just a 15 minute walk and there are plenty of nail bars on the doorstep. Just be careful because we went to one and were offered a massage which they ended up charging us for which we didn't expect!!!There is a chinese restaurant straight across the road which is quite expensive but the food was lovely.All the staff at the hotel were very helpful, especially the concierge with helping us to locate all the best shops!!!We would definately stay there again!!!	
Jun 8 2005	well impressed	Stayed on 28th floor.Room quite nice.Concierge very helpful for booking theatre and tour tickets.What a view from the room.All staff most polite and helpfull.	
Jun 3 2005	easter break in new york city	Stayed at Millenium UN Plaza hotel over easter period. service very good Rooms tastefully decorated, clean, spacious and had a great view. We were on the 33rd floor (which had been recommended by another person on this site previously). We were about five minutes walk to the start of the shops, and bars etc. If you like shopping then you'll love NYC. Johns deli was just a few minutes walk from UN Plaza and was cheap for breakfast, Johns Pizzeria (up Times square) - ask anyone when you get that far - that was a nice restaurant. Able to walk from Ground Zero up to our hotel, took a good few hours but allowed us to take in chinatown, soho, tribeca and the lower end of manhattan. We had a great time and would love to visit againDid not get time to see Central Park so maybe next time.	
Jun 1 2005	Great views	Stayed here 14-18th April and had an excellent room on 38th floor with superb views over the East River, could see for miles. Bathroom was well equipped - nice fluffy towels etc. We found the hotel staff very friendly and helpful. The location was fine as we enjoy walking but Grand Central Station is only a few block away for the subway if you want to get around quicker. If you want to visit the Empire State Building go early in a morning - its always busy but the queue is shorter! We would certainly both recommend and stay at this hotel again if in New York.	
May 31 2005	Comfortable -- Good Location	I booked the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel over the Memorial Day weekend. The room was comfortable with an excellent view of the East River. The hotel is a three-block walk to Grand Central Station, so it is convenient to most subway lines. It is a bit longer walk to the shopping districts on Madison and Fifth Avenues, but not too far. There are several places to eat or get food in the neighborhood besides the in-house Ambassador Grill, which is expensive. The Amish Market on E. 45th Street just off 2nd Avenue that has lots of fresh groceries, pastries, etc. The Columbus Bakery on 1st Avenue between 52nd and 53rd has a nice, moderately priced breakfast. Had dinner one night at a very good Spanish restaurant, Alcala, on E. 46th Street that was excellent.There is a fair amount of security present because of the hotel's proximity to the UN complex. The Iraqi ambassador to the UN was in residence during our stay, so we had a mixed Secret Service-New York Police detail outside the hotel most of the time we were there.	
May 24 2005	not bad but.....	I stayed in this hotel on the weekend of 5/13/05. The lobby was really tacky, but the desk staff was excellent. The room was huge by NYC standards, and had a great view, but was somewhat worn. The AC didn't work, and a call to the switchboard promised that someone would show up, but they never did - but since the windows opened, it was no big deal, (and actually quite refreshing to have a nice breeze in the room) All in all, I was quite pleased with the room and the rate - you would go far to find a better accomodation for such a price in this location - but there were some shortcomings. In my book, they weren't too bad, but it's worth reporting.	
May 22 2005	Great Views-Friendly Doorman	We stayed here May 8-11. Felt very comfortable as a gay couple checking in (two women-1 king bed-you do the math). The doorman Bob was so nice he acted like he had known us for years. We had a corner room on the 40th floor, lots of windows. It wasn't one of the re-modeled rooms but it was very nice and large. The walk to Grand Central was nothing, there is a Starbucks on 3rd &amp; Lexington, very close. I would definately stay here again.	
May 8 2005	Absolutley superb room and service	A superb hotel with an excellent room with outstanding views (32nd floor).Staff were very helpful and polite, room was superb. The only thing that would deter me from staying here again is it's location - if you want to be near Times Square it is a fair walk, and most things close around 10.30 in this area. However the hotel room more than makes up for that.	
May 2 2005	Fabulous hotel with the class of New York	My friend and I came to New York for a week last year and we were most impressed with the Millennium UN Plaza. If you want a friendly staff, excellent views, the most comfortable beds in the world, a huge bathroom, and a modern place to stay, this hotel is it!I've seen some reviews that the location is bad. It's not at all! Five minutes takes you to Grand Central, buy a Metrocard pass for the week (usually 14-21 dollars) and just take the subway shuttle that goes back and forth between Times Square and Grand Central. You can be in the heart of Manhattan in 10 minutes while only walking about 3 or 4 blocks. My friend and I planned on getting up every day around 10, but the beds were so comfortable that earliest we could get up was noon. The pillows are the best and the sheets and mattress are so comfortable that you don't want to leave. I would recommend taking the Coach USA shuttle to and from the airports. Only costs about 10 bucks, and it will pick you up and drop you off at Grand Central station. If you have a lot of luggage, just have the front desk staff or airport customer service call up Super Shuttle that will take you right to the front door of your hotel for $14. I recommended this hotel for the WV delegation to the Republican National Conference in August and they ended up staying here. Anytime I go back to New York, you can count on me staying at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel. Book it online and get a great rate	
Apr 27 2005	fantastic views	Stayed here for 4 nights 14th to 18th April on our first visit to New York. Everything from the reception staff downstairs to the pool on the 27th floor lived up to the billing on this site. The room was large and clean, the bed was large,the bathroom large and the view was massive!We overlooked the East river, Empire State Building and the Chrysler and could see all the way to downtown.We had breakfast at Johns Diner which was great value for money with endless refills of coffee all for about £3-4.The location was perfect for us, we had intended to stay near Times Square but after spending 15 minutes there one evening we thanked our lucky stars we were staying somewhere a bit less manic!!All in all for $179 per night this was one of the best hotels I've stayed in.	
Apr 14 2005	Amazing Views Even From the Pool	Lobby is quite outdated, but rooms have amazing views and the hotel is in a good location.Don't miss the swimming pool that's high in the sky with a perfect view of the Empire State Building.	
Apr 12 2005	Great Views!	Stayed at this hotel in Jan/Feb just after the cold snap in NYC. Our room was on the 34th floor with spectacular views of the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building. Very spacious rooms, if a bit dated. It was my third time in NY and I will definitely be going back to the UN Plaza next time. All staff were gracious and the doorman were especially friendly.They arranged a Lincoln towncar to take us back to JFK for $60 - a cab would have cost us a lot more. I cannot recommend them highly enough as the views really made our trip.	
Apr 11 2005	Unbelievable free upgrade	After our recent wonderful experience here, I almost want to give a bad (ha ha) review to the hotel to keep it open for myself!Seriously, here's what happened. We checked in very late. At the desk, I mentioned that I read (on this website) that rooms in one tower had been refurbished, and could we please have one of those. The night manager said of course, but after looking told me that there were none available, but instead he would give us a free upgrade to a suite (we had only booked a room with two beds.) Naturally I said great. The rate would be unchanged -- $189 a night.But I had no idea what a luxurious set of rooms the suite would be! Yes, it was a tad shabby around the edges (after all, it WAS in the tower where rooms hadn't been remodeled yet), but when you get a suite with TWO beautiful views (one toward the U.N. tower and the East River, the other toward the Chrysler and Empire State Building), two full baths, a kitchen, about 50 mirrors, 30 drawers, 3 television sets, 3 telephones, 2 refrigerators (including the minibar) etc. etc. etc., one can only be overwhelmed! Also, the artwork, which consisted of the most beautiful framed samples of silks and other types of embroidery and other fabrics from around the world.The neighborhood is, of course, wonderfully interesting and safe. The hotel personnel were helpful and very courteous. World class!I don't think we will ever stay in a nicer &quot;room&quot; in New York. We were in #3631.(P.S. We only had dial-up Internet service. This &quot;old&quot; tower is wired for Ethernet, but it was not working. There were several notices posted at the desk and in the room that the problem would be solved soon. The local call was not free -- it worked out to about $5 an hour. Also, the breakfast buffet in the restaurant was pretty pricey -- about $25)	
Apr 7 2005	Fantastic place Fantastic hotel	Fantastic stay at the Millenium UN Plaza. Stayed on the 37th floor with views out over the East River - absolutely beautiful at night. Cannot fault any of the staff, check in was quick and painless and the doormen were always very helpful. 5th Avenue/Times Square were a 10 to 15 minute walk but if you don't mind walking then it flies by as theres so much to see.Nice big room with lovely, comfortable bed and nice clean bathroom.All in all a wonderful stay and highly recommended!	
Apr 2 2005	spacious rooms	We stayed in this hotel from march 14th to march 20th 2005. The room was modern, clean and spacious. The bathroom was clean and well equipped. There was lots of storage space in the large wardrobe and a safety deposit box was supplied. We stayed on the 29th floor in the east tower and had spectacular views of the city. The reception area was impressive and the staff were helpful. The restaurant was expensive so I would suggest eating at one of the local deli's for breakfast or lunch. I would highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again. The only negative point would be the location. A taxi costs from $4-$7 dollars to Time Square, but you could walk there in 20 minutes if you wished.	
Mar 30 2005	Great Weekend Value	Stayed at the Millenium this past weekend and was well impressed with the friendly front desk staff and room decor/ cleanliness. Could have paid a lot more for a hotel with much less quality. Parking in the garage was a bit hectic as the staff there was a bit aloof. If you check out right at noon on Sunday you may have a line. Great 24 hour convenience store on 2nd Ave nearby.	
Mar 17 2005	Effortless.	Check in took all of one minute. Oversize pillows and plenty of them.Large size room compared to other hotels in NY. Indoor Pool just redoneon 27th floor overlooking 1st Avenue.Views of East River spectacular.I've paid twice the amount for this level of comfort and service, and that'swhy I've stayed here 4 times.Parking garage attached to hotel, enter from2nd Ave or you'll have to go around the block. World class steakhousearound the corner.	
Mar 13 2005	walking from the millenium un plaza	i had heard this was far from everywhere how wrong, but it does depend on your walking abilitycentral station 5 mins time square 20 mins , we walked everywhere got the occasional taxi but this was frighteninghotel is smart out room was nice/ mini bar high charges/s pool good if needed and sauna / door staff lovely i found this hotel very company fiedas lots of people booking in for overnight work stays and I felt as I was in a officethe deal we got from a travel agent was 500 pounds for 7 nights for 2 so it was a good deal johns the diners good very noisey and very busyopposite the un so you can easily visit there for 10 dollars	
Feb 24 2005	excellent hotel excellent time	My mother and I stayed here in the middle of November and had a great experience. I agree that the hotel is rather far east, but you get to experience different things than if you stayed smack in the middle of Times Square. The rooms are truly lovely, and the views every bit as spectacular as the other reviewers said. I recommend John's (a little cafe with Greek and American food) on 42 and 2nd Ave.. Great service, great prices. The weather was terrible, I had been in December and had great luck, but cold fronts happen. I would also suggest getting a taxi on 1st. ave., not at the hotel, not enough traffic when the cabs are busy. It is a fairly long walk to grand central, which is the subway stop that the hotel uses, but not too bad. If the weather had been better I would have enjoyed the walk.Fabulous!!!!!!	
Feb 22 2005	Great Views and Quiet	Having stayed on the Upper West Side, and Midtown Central twice we thought we'd give the East Side a try. Was concerned about distance from subway lines but not a problem walking to Grand Central. Views from hotel are outstanding. No need to go to the &quot;top of the tower&quot; anywhere when you can enjoy a drink in your own bedroom with all Manhattan at your feet. Great benefit was to be able to open window for some fresh air. Even better was the lack of noise. Area was very, very quiet at night. It was more residential then I had thought. Just a few blocks away the noise of Lexington Ave would have kept me up all nite. Only downside is the furnishings are a bit worn in the West tower. East tower was recently renovated (three years ago) so stay on that side if your picky. Never went to John's but did go to Amish Market on 45th for great fruit and pastries. Good food but the cashiers are a bit curt. Oh well...you can't have it all. Would recommend this hotel to anyone who's been to NY once before and doesn't mind a walk to the subway.	
Feb 21 2005	will come back	Looking for a hotel for 2 couples for one night turned out to be difficult with The Gates in town. Tried Priceline, Travelocity, Expedia, etc., all to no avail. We wanted something in Central Park South or mid town east areas, but all hotels wanted two night min. Somehow I found -----, &amp; voila! two rooms for $159 each. I called UN Plaza immediately to confirm it, &amp; all was set. Requested non-smoking (no problem), that the rooms be close together (no problem), &amp; king size beds - problem, because we got room through discounted agency. Okay, one night in queen size... no problem.When we arrived (noon Saturday), our rooms weren't ready yet, &amp; when we came back, they gave us a two bedroom suite! I guess the hotel was full, &amp; this way the sold two more rooms, since we wanted to be close to friends anyhow, so could share room.We have stayed there several times. A priority is quiet rooms(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!), &amp; not to hear neighbors discussing breakfast, etc.,... &amp; this hotel allows for that. The rooms up elevator behind reception desk are the best, newer ones. The ones up elevator by pool seem older &amp; more tired, but okay, too... Front desk is on the ball, polite, &amp; showed respectful warmth.Good luck!	
Feb 16 2005	A Room With A View And More!!	We stayed in this hotel from Feb 11th - 14th 2005 and it was an excellent first class hotel.Firstly I arranged for Champagne &amp; flowers to be in our room on arrival. This was done via email, and when we arrived there it was all laid out as promised. After reading the reviews on this site we requested a room with a great view and boy did we get it. In the SE corner of the hotel on the 32nd floor. This corner of the hotel gives the best of both worlds, you have got views of the Empire State and Chrysler buildings. You are looking straight down 1st Avenue and beyond to the southern most tip of Manhattan. From the other side of your room you have views of the UN Building, the East River, Roosevelt Island and beyond as far as you can see across Queens &amp; Brooklyn, WOW!.The location is also great, 5 mins walk to Grand Central Station, and 10 mins to Times Square, despite what some reviews say on this site this is really no hasstle as it is a pleasant walk and from these to locations you can get to anywhere you like on the NY subway ($7 unlimited travel all day with a metro card or $21 for a week!). When we return we will certainly be staying here again.Eating in the hotel it self is very expensive. As we did not eat in the hotel I am unable to comment on the quality. However taking the advise of many other reviews on this site we just had to visit Johns on the corner of 44th Street and 2nd Ave, you walk past it on the way to Grand Central, we had an excellent breakfast for two, it cost around $15. Also not to be missed for an authentic NY breakfast is the Bakers Dozen on the opposite corner, Bagels to die for, eat in with the locals sitting looking out the window down 2nd Avenue. With coffee and extras on the egg &amp; bacon bagels it came to $9 in total. There are many excellent restaurants to try. For a great steak try Rose Malone’s @ 50th street and 7th Avenue, recommended to us by the locals.	
Feb 8 2005	Room With A View	I stayed here from 1st-4th, Feb, 05 with my girlfriend on our first trip to New York. This hotel is wonderful, one of the best in New York i'm sure. We had a room on the 40th floor - as high as the hotel rooms go!! We had a direct view of the chrysler building and the empire state building as we lay on the bed looking out of the window!! Incredible. The room was imaculately kept and the bathroom was impresive. The bed was comfortable and was maid up daily, around 10.30 ish. The pool is located on the 27th floor, with views not quite as spectacular due to it being on the other side of the hotel, but you can't have everything! The staff were excellent and if you need some assistance, the door man Robert is a perfect gent and very knowledgable about New York. The location is good too. 42nd and 1st (i think). 5 mins walk is grand central, 10 mins walk would get you to 5th ave shopping. I would stay here again tomorrow if i could!	
Jan 27 2005	Waht a view	This is one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in, and what a view!!! It was superb. If you are going to New York for the first time then the view is awsome. The only thing i would change is the location. It was just that little bit to far from anywhere (apart from the UN!!) It was very clean, the staff were more than friendly and it was worth every penny. (Just be careful there isn't a big function on the the UN though as i got caught up in it all, and caused a few problems!!	
Jan 12 2005	Decline in Quality	Stayed at hotel many times and had good times. But stayed over for Four nights in January 2005 and found that standards had fallen. Room had very worn fittings and fixtures. Housekeeping was bad and often after many telephone calls the room was not made up until after six in the evening each day. Restaurant food of poor quality and never hot and over priced. Wonderfull Views of the City Skyline or River and Great Location. Would think again about staying at the hotel or sending anybody their again.	
Jan 12 2005	Very Nice Hotel	Stayed in the hotel from 29th Dec until the 6th Jan.No complaints about the hotel, got a deal for $180/nite on hotwire.Really nice hotel,clean,nice atmosphere. We didn't really eat much in the hotel as we were out all the time. TImes Square only a 10-15 min walk away.We didn't mind walking anywhere but it is not as far away from the centre as some reviews lead you to believe. If you dont want to walk, it's very easy to get taxis anyway.The bed was really big and very comfortable, the view was great aswell.We were on the 31st floor. To get views of the empire state building/chrysler building,ask for a room in the West tower.All in all i would definitely recommend it and i would stay again.	
Jan 9 2005	Very Nice	We stayed overnight to celebrate my husband's birthday, taking advantage of a special rate we found on Travelzoo. When we arrived, our car was searched before being able to park but this is to be expected I guess, being so close to the UN buildings. One inconvenience - you cannot bring your car back to the building parking lot past 11 PM if you take it out. They send you to another lot after those hours so do keep this in mind. Very lovely lobby and gracious reception desk. We got a spacious corner king room on the 31st floor with a mini bar, a great view and almost no noise from surrounding rooms. The bathroom was rather large as well. We used the exercise room which was reasonably well equipped. The only complaint I had was that there was no coffeemaker in the room - that would have been nice for first thing in the AM. The hotel is on the far East Side - you will do a lot of walking or using other transportation to pretty much everywhere. But if you don't mind that, I'd recommend this hotel, especially if you get a good rate.	
Jan 8 2005	Superb hotel	This was my first visit to the big apple and the Millenium plaza was a great hotel to base our stay.The staff were always pleasent and helpful,and the view across the east river from our room was incredible.Would recomend anybody who is planning to visit NY should stay at the Millenium Plaza.Phil Gray.	
Jan 4 2005	Excellent Hotel	Stayed in the hotel in the run up to xmas this year and absolutely loved the hotel. The staff were friendly and the views were amazing. The room was very spacious and always clean. We paid $200 a night for Sat - Mon night of xmas week, which I considered quite reasonable. 5th avenue shopping is about a 15-20 min walk away, and broadway is only 5-10 mins in a taxi, so it makes for a good base to explore manhattan! Would definiely stay here again.	
Dec 31 2004	Great Views Abound	The previous reviewer and I stayed at the Millenium at about the same time, in between the holidays. Sounds to me that the bellman must have been Robert, he was outstanding, as was all the staff. We arrived late in the evening, and the staff was very accomodating. The view from the 35th floor was great, the room large and airy. I think the furnishings appear to be outdated, but no matter. If you want a coffee maker, ask for one from the front desk, they'll send one up. For the fitness nut, the exercise room was great, you can ride a bike while looking at a wonderful view of the east river. I'd stay again in a heartbeat.	
Dec 27 2004	Millennium UN better than The Plaza	My husband and I stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza hotel only 2 nights, Dec. 17 and 18, before we checked out and went across town to stay at the famous Plaza Hotel with a group of friends. The Millinnium UN Plaza far exceeded The Plaza in accommodations, friendly and efficient staff, and VIEW!We had a room on the 36th floor, with a terrific view of the East River, 1st Street, and much of the city. The room was very large and the bed was huge and very comfortable. Nice big bathroom, although the plumbing was a little old and we had a few minor problems with the drains in the shower and sink. Nothing major, though. Huge closet, lots of drawer space.Upon check-in, we had a porter bring our bags up to our room, and he was very helpful in providing suggestions about how to get around the city, even pulling out our in-room map and marking the location of the closest subway and highlighting the various attractions in different parts of town to let us know what we might enjoy seeing and doing. SUPER! We discovered we had no TV remote control and after a call to the front desk had a remote delivered to our room within 5 minutes, and the bellman even stayed to make sure it worked with our TV.We enjoyed the hotel's location, although it was a bit far East Side, but just a short walk to Grand Central to catch the subway, and the bellman was happy to flag a cab for us as well. We enjoyed the fact that there were lots of little pubs and restaurants around the hotel for a quick bite, as opposed to busy, huge, &quot;theme&quot; restaurants in some other parts of the city.All in all, a great stay, and we got a very good deal on price. I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Dec 24 2004	Great hotel fantastic views!	We stayed for a week from December 12th and were not disappointed by this hotel. We found all the staff to be polite and courteous and our room was lovely. We were on the 34th floor and had great views uptown and towards the east river - exceptional at all times of day and night. The room was very quiet indeed and our bed was huge and really comfortable. We liked the fact that it was slightly away from Times Square as we were there at a busy time of year. Grand Central, where you could get the subway to most areas, is a 10 minute pleasant walk away, and the other attractions were mostly within easy walking distance. There are always taxis outside and buses on 2nd Ave. Johns is great for breakfast -just down the road and the deli on the corner sold pretty much everything you'd need day to day. We didn't use the pool or gym -too exhausted - but both looked good, if a bit small, and had amazing views too. 2 tiny negative points - check your bill thoroughly when you leave. They'd tried to charge us for a $140 trip which we didn't take but sorted it out quickly and courteously. Also, would have liked tea/coffee making facilities in the room. I know you could get them from room service but it would have been nice. Overall, a great stay. This hotel and the views really helped to make our trip so enjoyable. Would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 21 2004	Great stay!	I read about the Millennium UN Plaza on this site before my husband and I went to NYC for the Holiday Season experience (12/9 thru 12/16/04). I obtained a lot of accurate information from this site. The hotel room's view was unbelievable. We could see the UN building, the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building from our window (which opened for great photos). Bathroom lighting was exceptionally bright, which I appreciated. Rooms are nice size for NYC. Room was too warm for us, but hotels are often too warm. It was a very safe area. Never felt afraid on the nearby streets. Took the advice of several people who posted notes about John's Cafe a block away from the hotel. We ate breakfast there 6 of our 7 days stay. Reasonably priced, good hearty breakfasts. --- By far one of the highlights was Maria, who was friendly and efficient while she waited ALL the tables in the restaurant.One person on TripAdvisor mentioned smoke odor coming thru the bathroom vent. It did smell, but was not unbearable, this from an ex smoker. We are pickier than non smokers about smoke smell. But it would be an improvement if they could remedy that odor.All in all, it was a great place to stay.	
Dec 15 2004	Great View!!!	We've just got back and stayed here for 5 nights for my 40th Birthday. It was our first time in New York, which was fantastic and this was partly due to this lovely friendly hotel. The view from the room is unbelievable and the staff were so helpful on every occasion. It's only a 10/15 minute walk to Grand Central Station and worth being away from the madness of Times Square! The area felt quiet(er) and safe and we are now saving for our next trip!Also John's on the corner of 44th St and 2nd Ave is a great place for breakfast!I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 30 2004	Great room. Great view. Nothing else.	We spent ages browsing the internet looking for a place to stay in NYC. Eventually went for the UN plaza. After a long journey, we arrived late and tired at the hotel. The receptionist had no pleasantries to offer, she was barely polite. Then we had to carry our own bags up to the room. Not a great first impression.The room was very big and clean. The view was fantastic...really superb. Didnt tire of it over our 5 day stay.The service wasn't bad, just non-existant. The doorman occasionally said hello but we felt like no one who worked there had any idea who we were. Even less conversation from the receptionist on check out.(Carried bags down too) As we had pre-paid, perhaps they thought they had our money already so we didn't require any extra effort.The room was good and the view fantastic. I guess we'd stay there again but only if we got a really good deal. Otherwise, I think we'd spend our money elsewhere in the hope of seeing an occasional friendly face and the odd &quot;good morning&quot;.	
Nov 10 2004	I've stayed here almost three months	Millennium UN Plaza Hotel(A Copthorne Hotel)New York City (Midtown East)This four hundred plus room hotel is located on the 28 through 38 floors of a sky scrapper that is across the street from the United Nation’s headquarters. Its most impressive feature is not the bright uptown or East River views, but its courteous staff. With very few exceptions, the staff is well-trained, well-informed, helpful and polite. One exception is the reservations staff, who are disappointingly less-than honest. One named Naldi tired to charge us almost twice the corporate rate that had been negotiated for the room—and made this decision half way through our stay saying we could leave or pay the higher rate. She then promised three times to provide us a written justification of the higher rate that we could provide to the entity that had negotiated the rates, but she never did. The other exception is the housekeeping staff. One housekeeper was sitting on our bed watching TV when I walked in one day. Another one cursed at me when I asked her to change the bed sheets, after she did not do so for five days. Despite the exceptions, the staff qualities are rare exceptions in New York City hotels even among the most expensive and luxurious. Of course you pay for the privilege of being treated politely with rates starting at US$250 and rising past the US$1000 mark. The rooms are a good size, well-appointed, and vary between lighter more modern furnishings to those of the diplomatic wing which are darker and more traditional. Standard rooms with two large double beds or a single oversized queen bed are available as well as larger suits. All of these rooms have comfortable desks and a couch.In late 2004, it still lagged behind many other hotels of its price range in that it did not provide any in room high speed internet service, but it was in the process of getting rooms online.	
Nov 3 2004	Great Hotel!!!	We stayed at the hotel for 10 nights during October 2004. Our room was located on the 35th floor of the west tower. The room was very large and in very good condition. The city skyline views were truly amazing, and city noise is minimal. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and we were allowed both early check-in and late check-out. There are great views from the pool, but the water is not very warm. Grand Central station is a 10 minute walk, Rockefeller center about 20, and there are almost always taxis waiting outside.John's cafe at 44th St. &amp; 2nd Av. is a great place for breakfast. There are grocery stores right near by.We would definitely stay at the UN Plaza again!	
Nov 2 2004	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel for 4 nights in October 2004. Our group all asked for renovated rooms, which we got. The rooms were clean, spacious, and modern, with spectacular views of the city and river. Seeing the Empire State Building at night from our window was absolutely breathtaking. The staff was good. It is a bit of a walk to Grand Central or Times Square but worth it to stay in a hotel such as this. There were always taxis available outside the hotel also. It was pretty quiet at night, and we felt very safe in the area. There is also a deli next door which has everything (coffee, breakfast items, snacks, etc) so even though there aren't vending machines in the hotel, you can grab what you need next door. I would highly recommend it, and would stay there again.	
Oct 15 2004	Wow what a view!!!!!	We stayed at the Millennium for a short break and were totally blown away by the views. After requesting a high room with city view at the time of booking (you can request city or river view), we were blown away to find we had the best of both worlds.On the eighth floor when I lay in bed, I had a perfect view of the Empire State building as if it were on just the next block, and to see the Chrysler building lit up at night from the same window was just fantastic!We had a great view out over the East River, U.N and all the way down 1st Avenue to the Brooklyn Bridge - awesome at nightFurther to this, the room was quiet, comfortable, clean and the bed was sooo comfortable!!A ten minute walk in a morning had you drinking in the atmosphere on the way to Grand Central - don't be put off just because it is not slap-bang in the middle of Times Sqare!	
Oct 14 2004	Good for the money	I priced out all the &quot;good&quot; hotels in New York City and this hotel was the best price by a good chunck! It was well worth the money. They have a sedan to pick you up and return you to the airport for a reasonable amount and you are walking distance to Grand Central Station so it isnt too hard to get around. The view is great! The pool is on one of the top floors and has huge windows all around. We were the only ones up there and just soaked in the view. It was quite romantic.Could use some redoing in certain areas but we were very happy there.	
Aug 25 2004	Tough to find places this nice in New York at at this price?	The Millennium Un Plaza Hotel is certainly one of the best finds in Manhattan. Located in an excelent location, about a ten minute walk from the Shuttle Subway line making Times Square easily accessible, as well as green line uptown and downtown subway access easy from Grand Central, it is also right on the East River, and located in a good safe location right near the United Nations. Everyone talks about the views, and you had better believe what they say. A finer view in the Big Apple, you will not find. Ask for the south side if you want to see the Chrysler Building and Empire State building to your right, and the River to your left, but any side will be nice. Hotel starts at the 26th floor, so you'll always be plenty high up. Rooms are very large by New York's typical broom closet standards, and decor is fresh and nice, albeit slightly quirky. Don't bother looking for ice or soda machines, you'll need room service for that, but no hotel is perfect right? One definite bonus is a fitness room and pool that spoil you because of it's stunning view. Treadmills and bikes are pointed toward windows and you feel as if you're about to run off a 300 foot precipice while working out, awesome! My local gym seems dull now! Staff is nice (by New York standards, none of them are exactly your grandmother) , and the hotel is upscale and a bargain considering room size and high end feel. New York is a crapshoot when it comes to hotels, so do yourself a favor and book this one. You could double the price easily but could never hope to double the quality or satisfaction. A very nice stay.	
Aug 17 2004	Don't Use Priceline	I just had a very bad experience with Priceline. I asked for a four star room for $250 for six nights. I was assigned to this hotel. Then I found out that that room was available for $199 from the hotel website. After a long telephone wait, Priceline decided to refund me the difference. I called the hotel directly and found out that the first three nights were $33 cheaper.Priceline refused a second refund. The lesson...deal with hotels directly. I will be happy to answer any emails.	
Aug 17 2004	Good stay in NY	I stayed with my husband and 9 year old at the Millennium from August 13-16th. We arrrived early and were given a west tower room. It was tired but did have a mini bar and a mini kitchen. We went back down and requested to be changed to a east tower room. We were told to check our bags and come back at 5:00pm. The new room was on the 38th floor with views of both the city and the river. We could see the Empire State building, the Chrysler building and the Brooklyn bridge. The room was nicer than the first and had a sofa and ottoman. We visited the pool on the 27th floor. It is cramped and with 4 people doing laps and the families stuck in one lane, a little dissapointing. We paid $149 with 2 free drinks at the lounge....beware a soda cost $5.00 for not even 12 oz. We didn't use the conciege for anything...good thing since the station was always unattended. The staff was professional but we didn't use them for more than check in and check out. They did allow us to check out at 2:00pm instead of 12:00pm. The location was great with lots of local markets and resturants...We walked up one block to 2nd street and had breakfast at John's...it was reasonable and friendly. It also was quiet, glad I didn's stay closer to Times Square.	
Aug 12 2004	Great deal great hotel	We stayed at the Millenium overnight with our two children, 6 and 8. The service was excellent, and the staff was very accomodating. Our room was perfect (I think they actually upgraded us at no charge.) We didn't have a view, but our room was a very nice size. We had three t.v.'s....one in the bedroom, one in the living area (which also had a bar with stools) and one in the bathroom. We usually stay at the Four Seasons when we come to NYC. With the kids, the Millenium is a definite 'yes' in our book.	
Aug 3 2004	Good value in mid-town (east)	Clean, modern 4 star (maybe 3.5 more realistically) on the East side of mid-town. I had a recently renovated room, which was of only acceptable size but quite nice in terms of furnishings etc. It is between 1st/2nd avenue, which is pretty far east. The compensation is the views, which others have commented on here as well.I got it for $160 on Priceline, which I considered a good value overall.	
Aug 3 2004	GREAT VIEW/VERY EXPENSIVE	This hotel was funny. My husband called on one day and was quoted one price, and when he called to make reservations he was quoted a different price which was 100.00 more. When I checked online as to what the room should cost at discounted rates the average was 195.00. WE PAID $365.00 for one night. The service was not outstanding. The bellman was nice but the counter staff was rather miserable. The pool is small considering the amount of rooms and it just happened to be bumper to bumper children.At 365.00, I do not expect to find hair on the walls in the shower. Also my room must have been below a smoker room. And to those of you who once smoked and quit or just those of you who don't like the smell of smoke, you would have hated the smell. The smoke must have been coming through the bathroom vent. It smelled so bad that I was actually accused of sneaking a cigarette in the bathroom.We stayed in this room despite the nastiness because it supposively had the best view of the water and Macy's fireworks and after spending that kind of money (It was my 6th wedding anniversary) I was going to get that view.It did seem that many rooms did have water view and the reservation guy could have lied but I was to afraid to chance it.HOWEVER, DESPITE the NASTINESS THE VIEW IS SPECTACULAR. To your right you can see the empire state building as though it was right there as well as the chrysler building and to your left you can see the water and the UN. I found the bed to very comfortable an the AC worked very well.For the person really touring the city, the hotel is out of the way. On average to get from this hotel to the Village it ran about $8.00/ $10 after tip. I enjoy activities in Midtown and the Village so this hotel was out of the way for those activities. There are no trains close by. needed to take a cab to the nearest subway station. I am not sure if I would ever stay at the hotel again. It is cheaper to stay at a midtwn location such as the awesome TIME Hotel and purchase all you can eat and drink cruise tickets that are in the water and front row to the Macy's celebration...	
Jul 26 2004	A wonderful value in NYC	We stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel July 16 - 19 and loved it. We got the hotel for $140 through Priceline, and it was such a value for our money. The views in the rooms are amazing. One entire wall is a window, and at night it is so beautiful to look out over the city. When we arrived, we requested a renovated room, and we got it. We were really pleased. It was very clean and modern. The people who worked at the hotel were friendly and helpful. There is not a subway entrance right outside, but seriously, Grand Central is only 6 or so blocks away, and it's a nice walk. You can pass John's on the way and stop in for a yummy, inexpensive bite of breakfast. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay.	
Jul 11 2004	What a view!	I stayed at the MILLENIUM UN many times and i have to say that its best feature is the breathtaking views you can get by staying in any of its rooms!No matter what side your room is located, you are going to spend a lot of time at the window, though the rooms in the corners are probably the best.A part from the weird mirrored and a little dark lobby, the rooms are very nice and contemporary furnished with also a nice bathroom with a glass-top vanity. I always found the rooms to be pretty clean (according to new york standards!) and my only complain if i have to say something not really positive is that sometimes the elevetors are incredibly slow and you can wait for it several minutes! The area is safe because the UN bulding is right in front of the hotel and the rooms aren't very noisy because the location is a little away from the caotic areas. The location though is a few blocks from midtown-action so you need to walk a little to get to an interesting shopping area like the 5th Avenue or to get to the nearest subway station which is 42nd st./Grand Terminal Station...it is anyway a place a would recommend!	
Jul 4 2004	Very decent midtown hotel	I recently stayed at the UN Plaza for a rather extended stay of 5 nights. Overall, I was pleased. My room was one of the modern rooms and I absolutely loved the simple, comfortable decor. Lovely bar area and I was just floored by the walk in closet. This was a standard room, mind you (no suite)! The lobby and restaurant were lovely but their interior designer seemed to be infatuated with mirrors and it can be kind of like a fun house, especially in the dimly lit Ambassador Grill. As has been said previously, VERY quiet part of Manhattan but a short walk to Grand Central, Times Square, and beyond. My only dissapointment was with my view. If you are in the East tower, absolutely do anything possible to avoid an 01 room. I thought my view of the adjacent tower was pretty acceptable until I visited a friend's corner room on the same floor and was absolutely shocked by the breathtaking views. Again, STAY AWAY from an 01 if the view is important to you.Overall, it was a deal at the $200 I paid and I'm reading here that people Pricelined it for half that price. It's WELL worth it!	
Jun 17 2004	wonderful once we were in the new part	I stayed here with my mum and brother for ten days on the 26th nov last year. Our first reaction when we saw the hotel and lobby was one of awe until we were shown to our room. I was so dissappointed the room was old, shabby drab and the bathroom left a lot to be desired so i went down to complain i was so happy i did. We were given a room on other side of hotel and it was nothing short of amazing. It was new, modern, very comfortable and the bathroom was spotless and the views were spectacular. We had an excellent view of empire state building and the city at night i was thriiled. I found the staff very cooperative and friendly and the amenities wonderful, we also felt really safe in the area of the hotel, I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 15 2004	Affordable first class accommodations	In a world of accepted mediocrity it is nice to get a surprise of good service. The Millenium UN Plaza was just that. From beginning to end the hotel staff were very pleasant and accommodating. Check-in/check-out was a breeze, valet and bellmen service impeccable, maid service thorough and unobtrusive and the bartender/waitstaff at the Ambassador Grill were super-efficent. The rooms were very modern with outstanding views. If I was forced to offer a criticism only two things come to mind: no ice bucket in room and no ice machine on my floor, and elevators were somewhat slow. Otherwise an outstanding first class hotel at a reasonable price in a nice neighborhood.	
May 25 2004	For the price ($140) an excellent value	My husband and I stayed here from 5/13 to 5/16 for a long weekend. We got the room from bidding on Priceline. All the rooms have great views, and for a New York hotel room it is extremely spacious. Our room had a king-sized bed, a sofa, a writing desk, and plenty of room to walk around, with a great view of the Chrysler building. The staff was extremely friendly, despite our many requests at check-in. Only some rooms have high-speed internet access, so check ahead if this is important to you. Although this is ranked as a four-star hotel on Priceline, it is certainly not the Ritz; the bathroom, though clean, was a little shabby. However, for the price we got, this was a great value, and the hotel is really very nice. The location is also not bad. It is far east side of midtown, but we took cabs many places, and it is not that expensive. We'd definitely stay here again.	
May 20 2004	Loved this Hotel!	We stayed here for 3 nights May 3rd-6th. and were more than happy. The lobby was very welcoming, all mirrors and brass. Our room on the 28th floor was very spacious &amp; clean. Only downside.....no tea/coffee making facilities in the room until we asked at reception. then they sent only a coffee pot plus coffee with the tiniest jug of milk, barely enough for 2 coffees. Never fear, there is a small supermarket a few yards away which sells everything, just unload the mini-bar for your own things! The beds were really comfortable, good seating area plus good lights. The views were amazing...we watched the sunrise hitting the Chrysler building, wonderful. We tried the swimming pool only once but found it a little regimented for our taste. Stray out of your lane at your peril!!! We found the walk to Times Square fine, not too far out as others have said. Go see Grand Central Station &amp; be wowed, if you're lucky you'll catch a busker for a great free show. Go down into the subway for even more free entertainment, we saw a group of boys break dancing, amazing! We never did get to 'Johns' for breakfast but it looked good...just not enough time. We plan to return to NY again and will certainly stay at this Hotel. GOOD LOCATION. VERY PLEASANT STAFF. CLEAN COMFORTABLE ROOM...What more can you ask for? Enjoy! (TIP...Don't buy show tickets before you get to NY. Buy them at the kiosk on Times Square at half price. We did and always got the shows we asked for, every available show is on an indication board &amp; it looked like EVERY show was available.)	
May 19 2004	Rude Disorganized	After flying into New York and going to check in, I was rudely informed that my reservation was actually for the night before, and that I could not stay there. Odd considering the flight and hotel were booked together. I was left without a place to stay for the evening. Beware of this hotel and the disorganization and rudeness of its employees. I strongly recommend avoiding this hotel at all costs. 	
May 15 2004	Fantastic hotel	We stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza for 5 nights at the end of April. After reading the reviews on here we were both very impressed. Our room was on the 35th floor facing away from the centre towards one of Donald Trumps buildings, the views were still excellent, we did want to stay in a corner room but the hotel was fully booked during our stay. The room was lovely, very modern and clean and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was very spacious and clean and covered in mirrors. We visited the famous John's Place and the chinese across the road which were both great. We also saw a film being made with Nicole Kidman and Sean Penn, across the road at the UN, which was very exciting. Our holiday was amazing and I didn't want to come home. The only downside was the hotel isn't located very centrally and the nearest tube station in Grand Central station, so be prepared to walk. If your looking for a lovely hotel in a really safe part of town choose this one!	
May 11 2004	Great Hotel Great Views Great Location	We stayed recently at the Millennium Un Plaza during a weekend break in NY. I'd read the reviews posted here and was hoping I wouldn't be disappointed. I wasn't. We were accommodated in a room on the 38th floor, and the views were spectacular. It was just fantastic to return every night to such splendid sights from out of the window. The only let down was the room being a little rough around the edges and the bathroom a bit tired and old. We found the hotel staff welcoming, the atmosphere in the hotel was very relaxed, and we made use of the pool and sauna, which was a real bonus for two stressed-out workaholics. We didn't use the Ambassador's Grill Restaurant but a glimpse at the menu showed very reasonable prices and appetizing dishes. The bar was fun and good for night caps. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and would definitely go back.	
May 3 2004	Very Good	We booked two rooms for my wife and I and our two grown up children for five nights from the 11 April 2004 based on the reviews on this site (and of course the price). This was our second trip to New York, mind you the first trip was 25 years ago, but the first for the kids. We had rooms on the other side of the hotel on the 35th floor,i.e. not facing the Chrysler and Empire buildings but found the views terrific, even though for two days we were above the clouds. The rooms were very clean and not a bad size with no noise problems and only minor scuff marks on the wall near the main door.The hotel was pretty busy, mainly it appeared with air crew and U.N./business people, and the staff were very helpful although amazingly they all struggled to advise the best place to buy a mini IPOD. They kept insisting I wanted to buy a tripod - it must be the accent. The hotel is in a good, safe spot, slightly off the beaten track however this can be a bit off putting when you have walked yourself into the ground as we did. Tip - if the other half suggests it would be a good idea to walk to Battery Park ignore her/him and get a cab, my back has still not recovered.As others on this site we had breakfast each day at the nearby Johns, excellant value, friendly service and good free entertainment listening to New Yorkers on their way to work. As for New York what can you say other than take a stool with you if your foolish enough to accompany your daughter into H&amp;M, Gap, Banana Republic etc else you may lose the will to live. Can't wait to go back, but not in another 25 years or else I will have to be pushed round.	
May 2 2004	Wow!	We booked this hotel because it was a deal- it turned out to be amazing. Haveing stayed in many exceptional places, the room was top notch. The lobby is a bit weird, but our modern room had excellent lighting, windows on two sides that overlooked the entire city, and nice velvet pillows and great beds. Plues- this area is very safe at night to walk around because of the UN and security. A great deal.	
Mar 27 2004	"Great" BUT MAKE SURE YOU ARE IN THE NEW SECTION!!!	My wife and I stayed at the Millenuim U.N. Hotel from March 19-21, 2004. We booked it on hotwire for $140 a night, which we figured was pretty cheap for a 4 start hotel in NYC. We were impressed with the location and lobby, but when they took us up to our room, we were shocked! The lobby smelled and room looked like it had not been updated since 1970. It was old, musty, and completely outdated. My wife and I were very disappointed. So, we went down the front desk and complained. Thank God we did! They changed our room to the otherside of the hotel, which is new and completely updated. The room was 180 degrees different. New, great view, clean, and an excellent and comfortable bed. I would definitely stay here again, but make sure they put you in an updated room!!!! Otherwise, forget it!	
Mar 26 2004	Wicked stay	My boyfriend took me to New York for my 18th birthday. After a very very long trip (we are both scared of flying) and catching the bus into New York at ruch hour we could wait to get to the hotel. We got in a minibus that took us to many other hotels first and when we turned the corner to the UN Millenium it was like magic.Hotel is gorgous. Minibar is stocked up all the time. Free use of the swimming pool was great. Its close to many attractions including a breakfast cafe, an IRISH bar, a liqour store and a KFC. It was also very close to Grand Central, Chrysler and Central Park.The only negative points were the prices to eat in the resteraunt. We payed $50 to eat to horrible small meals. Also when we got home my partner had been debited ?300 from his card that the hotel had taken for insurance reasons.....??!!However we got it back straight away and looked forward to heading back to this hotel every night. It is the 'Dogs B*****s'.	
Mar 8 2004	Fantastic hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights from the16th feb 2004 and can honestly say it is a fantastic hotel with very friendly staff, always willing to help.Had a room on the 40th floor, facing downtown with a great view out of the window of the Crysller building and the Empire state, go for the 40th floor for great views.Went in the swimming pool and you view the Un building from there.Good place to eat(went every morning) is &quot;JOHNS PLACE&quot; for breakfast,cheap aswell.Had a meal in the hotel one evening and was very impressed, well worth a try.Overall a great hotel,good base and would definately stay there again.	
Feb 24 2004	Amazing View Great Room	Thanks to Priceline paid a rock-bottom $100 for a 30th floor room, king bed. Only stayed one night, but saw no signs of aging other posters saw. Room was immaculate and, for a nice change, furnished modernly. Could even open windows (increasingly rare in a high rise). If needing to be in the mid-town east region then go for it. Might be too far east for a general trip.	
Feb 23 2004	The view was fantastic	Really pleased with the hotel. We were on the 34th floor, and were lucky enough to have a corner room. FANTASTIC views of Long Island, the East River and 2nd Avenue.The room was very clean, smart &amp; modern. And unusually for New York large and airy.The location is the only thing that holds this hotel back, its quite a hike to the nearest subway - so Taxis are the only transport really.Loved the hotel, and the staff were very friendly.	
Feb 12 2004	Great base for all attractions	We have just got back today from a four night stay in this Top notch hotel. All the staff were friendly and helpfull. As it was my birthday whilst we were there we were given a corner room overlooking the east river, Queens and Brooklyn. It was amazing in the morning to wake up and watch the sun come up over the skyline, then nip down to the swimming pool to have a dip then relax in the sauna before the days onslaught of things to do. The local Johns cafe was all we had read about, with friendly service and cheep food. there was also a 24 hour deli who would deliver to your room, and no one will bother you if you have things delivered. For english people the subway can be confusing as you have to make sure you enter the right platform when using a all day pass, because we not only once but 2-3 times got onto the wrong platform and were then locked out for the next 18 mins. As has been said befor dont touch the mini bar or snack basket, but also we would advise that you sort out your mobile phone as the phone calls from the hotel are expensive. but this is normal for hotels. If you are looking for a secure hotel you cant get any better than this. with being a stones throw from the UN building all the stops have been pulled out to keep the area safe. We did a lot of walking, but Taxis are cheep and plentifull, and just think of hailing one down on times square before going back to relax in the hotel. Cant wait to be able to afford to go back to this hotel again.	
Feb 1 2004	English visitors to new york	We stopped in this hotel January 2004 Our room was 2737 on the 37th Floor, a corner room with panaramic views over midtown manhatten. From our room we could see the Empire State building and the Chrysler building as well as the East River. The hotel was quite plush, all the staff were very helpful. The room was quite small but clean and tidy. The food etc in the hotel was quite expensive by New York standards but it was an excellent base for sight seeing in Manhatten. The nearby 'Palm Too' restaraunt serves excellent steaks (if a little pricey) and the local bars were full of character and very friendly The location of the hotel meant that Macys, Bloomingdales, Empire state building ans central park were all within easy walking distance. We had a great time in New York and will definately return.	
Jan 31 2004	Loved the UN PLaza	Have just come back from a week New York and stayed at this fantastic hotel. Although it was absolutely freezing, we had an amazing time! We stayed on the 35th floor and had breathtaking views of the Empire State and the Chrysler building. The night views are just amazing! Hotel room was neat and tidy, just a little dusty- but the bathroom was clean. Room was cleaned to a high standard every day. Hotel is in a great location, a short walk to Grand Central Terminal.There is a fantastic chinese restaurant across the street called the Sichuan Palace which delivered to our room after our long days exploring the city. Food is amazing, we lived on the prawn curry &amp; rice for days! I will definately be going back to stay there and I cant wait! But next time I'll be going in the summer!	
Jan 9 2004	Highly recommended - Dec 2003/Jan 2004	I stayed in this hotel for a week with my g/f. We were both very impressed by at is we paid just £80 a night for our stay. We were on the 38th floor, looking out over East River with fantastic views of the Empire State and Chrysler buildings and of lower Manhattan stretching down into the distance. The views at night down to lower Manhattan out of the room window were stunning and we were able to get some fanastic panoramic photos from the comfort of the room. Avoid the snack basket and mini bar, the prices are extortionate. The hotel don't pester you if you bring snacks and drinks from outside the hotel anyway, so get them from the shops in and around Midtown. This is a great base to explore NYC from. Close to most things and the subway is very accessible for getting down to lower Manhattan to see the other main things outside of midtown. Highly recommend Cafe Metro for breakfast and The Olive Garden italian restaurant in Times Square for dinner in an evening, or Applebees for a grill. Saw a Broadway show at the Plymouth Theatre - &quot;Taboo&quot; by and featuring 'Boy' George o'Dowd - fantastic! Only cost £25 a ticket too, so don't believe you can't get good VFM on tickets for Broadway (that was direct from theatre box office by the way, not from the TKTS booth where you queue for ages).	
Jan 4 2004	Nice Hotel But needs updating	The Millennium UN Hotel was nice, but needs some serious updating. I was in a one bedroom suite and the furniture was old and some of it chipped. The room was also very dark and almost dreary. When I checked in everything in the mini-bar was warm, and I called to have it fixed. Service was very quick but the repairman informed me that a whole unit was needed and it would take several days to get this accomplished. His suggestion was to call room service for ice. I cannot believe that there was not an extra minibar in storage, but ok. Then the shower was another whole mess. There was no liner in the shower, so everytime we took a shower the bathroom floor became a small pond. I informed the front desk of this, and it never got fixed. The view was beautiful although, overlooking the east river possibly. Livingroom was well appointed for entertaining, had a couch and two chairs. There was also a dining room table. The nice part was that there was also a half bath. So my girlfriend could use the master bath, while I shaved in the other half bath. Staff was courteous and nice, but could have paid more attention to detail. Overall I would return, but maybe ask for an updated room if there are any.	
Sep 18 2003	Loved it Loved it Loved it	My 16 year old son and I stayed at the Hotel for 7 nights and found it an excellent and enjoyable stay.	
Aug 1 2003	nice place bad workers	I went to New York to stay for the weekend, something important came up and had to go back home the next day. the manager wanted to charge me the whole weekend instead of one night stay. she didn't want to explain and was avoiding me. the only way to solve my problem was to bring in the NYPD. Everything settled.	
May 28 2003	Great Location great views		
May 8 2003	Great Place for the Price		
Apr 12 2003	Great bargain great room		
Mar 8 2003	Millenium Plaza 7/10		
Feb 22 2003	Needs better cleaning!		
Jan 16 2003	Great		
Dec 24 2002	Never Again!		
Oct 27 2002	Great Hotel 		
Sep 24 2002	Fantastic value for 5		
Aug 1 2002	Millenium Hotel bargain		
Oct 30 2009 	????????????		
Oct 16 2009 	Hotel fantastico. Veramente rilassante dopo lo stress in città. Vista fantastica sulla città.		
Oct 12 2009 	meraviglioso..........		
Oct 12 2009 	Vera Occasione		
Oct 10 2009 	Très bon hotêl		
Oct 6 2009 	Ottimo hotel. Vista mozzafiato.		
Oct 6 2009 	Bellissimo		
Oct 5 2009 	ALBERGO MODERNO		
Sep 28 2009 	Muy buen hotel		
Sep 24 2009 	muy buen hotel		
Sep 18 2009 	Vistas espectaculares y muy buena calidad-precio		
Sep 10 2009 	da consigliare assolutamente		
Sep 1 2009 	je le rec ommande		
Sep 1 2009 	Superbe vue		
Aug 23 2009 	A recommander		
Aug 20 2009 	plus que bien.......tres bien....		
Aug 15 2009 	Vue chambre fantastique		
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent		
Aug 4 2009 	Traumhaft		
Jul 25 2009 	????		
Jul 23 2009 	séjour avec un adolescent		
Jul 12 2009 	bel hotel		
Jul 6 2009 	Eccezzionale		
Jun 30 2009 	super hotel!!		
Jun 1 2009 	Eccezionale		
May 20 2009 	Schönes Hotel einzigartig in New York		
May 18 2009 	ottima posizione		
May 9 2009 	a couper le souffle !		
Apr 19 2009 	camera con vista		
Apr 14 2009 	Bon emplacement et vue superbe mais les commodités sont assez anciennes		
Feb 15 2009 	????????????		
Feb 9 2009 	bon hôtel au ménage bizarre...		
Jan 31 2009 	super rapport qualité prix		
Jan 2 2009 	tres belles prestations		
Dec 19 2008 	excellent hotel		
Sep 13 2008 	Bel Hotel mais...		
Sep 4 2008 	Vista splendida		
Sep 2 2008 	Ottimo Hotel ottima posizione		
Sep 1 2008 	Al techo de New York sin pagar aparte		
Aug 30 2008 	Semplicemente favoloso!!!		
Aug 25 2008 	super hotel pour visiter New york		
Jun 30 2008 	Un hôtel très agréable.		
