Nov 26 2009 	not half bad	everything about this hotel screamed luxury,the staff were exceptional especially the door staff.we had room service which was the only downside,it was ok! for the price that we paid which was £100 per nite it was well worth it!!!!	
Nov 19 2009 	Great locationcomfy roomshelpful staff.	My wife and I had a week in NY staying at 60 Thompson.While a lot of the staff may have been chosen on their looks never the less we found them helpful and accommodating.In particular the concierges were always willing to help with bookings and advice.The restaurant on site,&quot;Kittichai&quot; is beautifully set up,with good service and excellent food.Our room on the 7th floor was reasonably sized, comfortable and quiet.Being removed from the hustle and bustle of uptown and in the midst of the quirky appeal of Soho is a definite plus.	
Nov 19 2009 	An experience - best service in New York	We spent our honeymoon here and it was a fantastic experience. The room was clean and really nice, the beds were fantastic, and the service at this hotel is excellent as well as the location. If you are going to New York - this is the place to stay. I will give a few examples of what we experienced:- the concierge got us into some of the hippest restaurants and bars and upon arrival not only booked a really nice restaurant but also told THEM that it was our honeymoon so when we came to the restaurant they had arranged for champagne on the house and wished us the very best! (note: we have stayed in other hotels on Manhattan, essex house is one of them, but we have found that few hotels knows the meaning of a real concierge - but this! This is excellent. They know Where to go and they can get you there and this is really good value when you are in a city like New York)- everybody working in the hotel was really serviceminded and nice. And they remembered who We were.- fantastic room: clean, designerlook, Kiehl's products in the bathroom as well as bathrobe (We only missed slippers) - great food in the restaurant. the breakfast is really good - try it!- the location: the hotel is situated in a quiet street (so no noise at night) and still you are just a few footsteps away from everything: the restaurants, the bars, the clubs and the Metro.Next time we're going to New York - this is where we are staying!	
Nov 14 2009 	Great Location Small Room!	This is the hotel to stay at for amazing location. Steps to Central Park, Radio City, Columbus Square, and very close to Times Square, this hotel was an ideal location for a visit to NYC. The room was small, very small - and we had upgraded to a queen. There was no closet, only an armoire, and therefore we had to call up to request an iron and ironing board. That being said, the bathroom was quite lovely and spacious. But really, in NYC, room size doesn't matter...because you should not be in your room except to sleep! Go out and DO something! The people working here were lovely, and the hotel was very very clean. The hallways were a bit dark, but serviceable. We took advantage of the free luggage storage before our trip back home. WiFi was $10 USD per 24 h.	
Oct 27 2009 	60 Thompson is not a Boutique Hotel !	I was there for 3 nights to celebrate my husband's 50th birthday. After a 7 hour drive we were at the front desk at 2:30 and check-in at 3:00, not a room avalaible.Very cold welcome by the receptionist that we seemed to bother. We had a king size room but don't bother to pay more since all the rooms are the same (very small) and the only difference is the size of the bed. Very noisy hotel where everytime a guest closes a door it makes a terrible noise. You can also hear everyone in the hallway. I'm a member of Small Luxury Hotels (SLH) and I travelled everywhere in boutique hotels. 60 Thompson IS NOT a boutique hotel. For example, even though I wrote to the management few weeks before our arrival telling them about the special occasion, nothing was made to highlight the fact. Is it too much to ask to have a small note in the room ? There is a very nice roof terrace but it's only open from 5:30pm. It would be great to enjoy the quietness of the place, the view, a drink at anytime of the day. If you need to use a computer, you'll have to use the small one on the front desk, standing in the middle of everyone. The only goog things are the friendly welcome from the doormen and the location.I wouldn't pay more than 200$ for this hotel. It was 400$ + 55$ for parking. Ridiculous...	
Oct 8 2009 	This botique didn't have the charm I was looking for	Spent one night here in early October. Was disappointed - room was small (though typical of an NYC hotel room), amenities were limited, bed was just OK. Teh worst part, however, was how noisy the hotel was: the bar at reception was cranking music until 3am on a Wednesday night... The toilet flush was like the Hoover Dam unloading... And worst of all, teh bottom of my door wasn't very well sealed off, so hallway noise (and - yuk - secondhand smoke!) intruded all night.I slept from 3am until 6. I figure it was $150 an hour. Not coming back.	
Oct 1 2009 	60 Thompson is fantastic	I stayed at 60 Thompson in September 2009. Everything about it was fantastic -- the location, the rooms, the staff, etc. The design of the room is beautiful, and it was a good size, especially for a NYC hotel room. You can't beat the location, since it's in SoHo. You can easily walk to plenty of restaurants, shops, etc. My room overlooked the street, but it wasn't loud at all (at least for me).I'd definitely recommend 60 Thompson!	
Sep 12 2009 	Great Hotel and Immpecable service	We stayed during the third week in August and had an amazing time. The hotel is located in the middle of Soho which is perfect for shopping and dining. The rooms were nice sized and very clean. The hotel is getting a little dated in the rooms but it does not detract from the stay. What impressed me most was the service and friendlessness of the entire staff from the front desk, to bellman, cleaning staff, etc. Everyone was helpful and accomondating and made us feel like we were family which in todays travel is not found frequently. We will be back for sure!	
Jul 24 2009 	great location	Nice little boutique hotel in the heart of SOHO. Nice bars, great staff and very knowledgable about everything you need from shopping to restaurants. Great area to stay for a romantic weekend away from the tourist frenzy of Midtown. Enjoy!	
Jul 20 2009 	Lovely Winter Escape	We stayed at 60 Thompson in Dec 08 for a pre-Christmas escape to New York. Everything about the hotel was fabulous! We flew in early morning and the reception kept track of our room and phoned us as soon as it was available even though is was only 10.30am. The room was well equipped, clean and very comfortable. The concierge really knew their stuff and were always only to happy to help out. The hotel isn't only in a great location but it is surrounded by cafes that serve fantastic coffee, tempting boutiques all with a great village feel. I wouldn't stay anywhere else!	
Jul 12 2009 	Pretty good overall	I don't have a good track record of picking hotels in New York and so when this one was recommended to me by a colleague I thought I might as well give it a shot.Overall, I was not disappointed. Arrival impression was not great because at street level is the restaurant; reception is upstairs and I was not offered assistance with my luggage. Furthermore, both receptionists were on the phone when I arrived and so I waited longer than I would like to check in - which after 8 hours travelling is not welcome.Room itself was clean and looked fairly recently updated, bed comfortable, decent bathroom. As with most NYC hotels, pretty small though.I didn't have any noise issues (another common problem in NY).Breakfast quite nice.Wall Street is about a 25min walk away.Certainly worth considering.	
Jul 1 2009 	Disappointed	Luxury Hotels website sold us the idea that although the Hotel was away from other bar scenes, this hotel has two very popular cool bars to enjoy. When I checked in I was excited and could not wait to try their roof top and inside bar. On our first night we were very disappointed to learn that both bars were closed for PRIVATE EVENT so we decided to go somewhere else. On our second night we wanted to have a drink in the afternoon before getting ready for dinner and again the bars were closed til 9 pm. Well they lied after having dinner and looking forward to coming back to our hotel to enjoy the facilities, the inside bar was supposed to be closed for a PRIVATE EVENT until 12:30. We waited in the lobby until 1:30 am and they would not allow us in. I found it very insulting to be paying top dollar for a hotel whose premises are closed for other events. One of their employees told us that they frequently rent the bars to a local company that books events for them. In conclusion, the hotel was very nice but if the only available part of the hotel is my room, I rather go somewhere else.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great service but the hotel is a little tired.	We used to stay here when the hotel first opened. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The rooms were clean, but tired looking. Furniture has stains. Lobby had a strange gas smell. Restaurant was okay.	
Jun 16 2009 	Nice hotel in a great location	I had actually stayed at 60 Thompson's sister hotel, 6 Columbus, in January... which proved so gloomy with such bad lighting that you almost needed a white stick to manoeuvre about your room. 60 Thompson is quite different... and a much better experience. I had a light-filled room on the 11th floor, which afforded a really great view over SoHo. The location is really excellent. It's so nice to slip straight out the door into such a vibrant neighbourhood. The staff were excellent. The doormen were extremely attentive and there was one woman on reception, who was particularly professional. The bar is cool and they serve nice cocktails, and the design of the room is very pleasing. On the negative side, the breakfasts are only so-so rather than excellent. The choice is pretty limited and the price a little steep. The other thing I found quite strange was the fact that there was not a desk in my room. I can not be the only traveller, who has work to do while I'm in New York. I mean, it is a city with business travellers... not a spa or a resort. So, I thought it was pretty weird that I had to sit uncomfortably with my computer on my bed. I inquired and was told that there were only desks in the suites. The other big problem I had during my stay was a very poor Internet connection. At times, I actually had to sit on the floor near the door just to get reception! I asked them if guests regularly experienced problems and they said &quot;No&quot;. Given the pluses at 60 Thompson, I'd almost definitely give them the benefit of the doubt and return on my next trip to NYC.	
Jun 15 2009 	Accomodating friendly great bars!	Spent the weekend with friends for my birthday. The visit started shaky when I was not able to present the manager with a Comp Voucher that I didn't realized I needed. Staff stayed calm, let me work through what I needed to do. And then in the end did what they needed to do to help me have a great weekend. Loved the friendliness of the staff. Roof top bar - gorgeous, Thom Bar lots of fun and Kittichai amazing! Highly recommend!	
Jun 10 2009 	This must be one of the best hotels in NY	After reviewing what seemed like hundreds of hotels for our NY trip, we decided upon 60 Thompson - and we're so glad we did. It must be one of the best in NY and I would definitely recommend it. All the staff couldn't do enough for us - the doormen were always friendly and concierge/reception staff also always helpful and friendly. We tipped the doormen/concierge/housekeeper when they helped us with things (~ $10 each time), but I believe this is the norm for NY, so it didn't seem strange.I could rave on and on about this hotel, but it really is an amazing hotel in a really good area. I agree it is a typical hipster nouveau trendy hotel, and slightly (not &quot;vastly&quot;) over-priced, but I think you get what you pay for and at 60 Thompson, attention to detail and customers was spot on throughout our week long stay, which means more to me than paying less for sub-standard service.The rooftop bar is lovely - the perfect setting for a cocktail or two after a long day shopping, and the restaurant was also very good. I'm not a huge thai food fan, but it really was good.The only niggle I had while I was there is the first room we were given was really noisy - direcly above the bar (which, incidentally is a lovely cozy, comfortable place), but we asked to be moved and no sooner had we asked, we were moved to a higher floor which had a larger, brighter room with a better view. I believe this may have been a superior room, but we weren't charged any more than originally quoted. Oh, a niggle of my husband's is the mosquito bites he received while sitting next to the trees in the bar at the front of the hotel, although this isn't really the hotel's problem.If you are considering staying in this hotel, ignore any negative reviews and go for it - you won't be disappointed.ps - we had no problems with the air con!pps - really good restaurant Antique Garage around the corner on Mercer Street.	
May 21 2009 	Great hotel in a fantastic location with staff who make me feel at home.	I stayed there twice on a merry-go-round US trip trip last month and loved every minute of my experience.The rooms were stylish and modern, with all the extras you would want in a hip hotel.Located in the heart of Soho, i couldn't have asked for a better location to hit all of my favorite downtown shops and restaurants.The staff were particularly gracious and welcoming, especially the pretty Avery Bock who's Front of House for the evenings activities; Steven Jacoby, one of the many great doormen; and	
May 6 2009 	Vastly Overpriced Hipster Hangout	To be fair, I never actually intended to stay here. I was supposed to be booked into their sister hotel the Gild Hall down in the Financial District and my assistant swears that's what she did and the problem was on the Thomspson central booking site. Oh well,. My plane was late, it was raining, my car service didn't show up and I arrived at the Gild Hall 15 minutes before my scheduled meeting and ws told that my reservation was up here. The taxi took 15 minutes and the credit card payment system didn't work so I walked into 60 Thompson with literally no cash in my pocket and late. The aura is typical hipster nouveau trendy with lots of Euro music going on and and so I pretty much knew I would have a small room. At the desk the man said my room was &quot;ready&quot; but not available because it hadn't been inspected. That was because of the late check-out. I said &quot; Huh&quot; I never heard of a check-out as late as that and in any even I was late and they should give me anothert room. They didn't and kept me there about ten minutes while they finally processed me into what on of the front desk people called a really good roomThis is not a really good room It is a standard modern small room with King bed and small couch and chairs and bureau and flat screen. No desk to work at (but if you are a true hipster, I suppose, desks surplusage). The bathroom is nice and there is a large shower and no tub. The WiFi works for $10/day.As I dropped my bag and flew out the door to my meeting, I noticed it seemed warm in the room and so set the thermostat at 68 F. I returned at 9 pm and found the room hot and called down to the desk. They said they would send somebody up to &quot;fix' the thermostat. Instead, they sent a maintainance guy who was carrying a standing fan! I said, no, what I wanted was for somebody to make the air conditioning work and he opened the windows for the time being and went away. When he returned he told me that they had &quot;turned on&quot; the air-conditioning in the hotel - in fact, it had been turned off for the whole hotel because somebody complainted that it was too cold. Huh???? Finally I got some air conditioning. A later call for a wake-up rang unanswered about 20 times before I quit.This is a perfectly adequate $210 hotel. It takes real chutzpah to ring you up for $345	
Apr 21 2009 	Mixed feelings	The good 1. Friendly staff: Most of the people we encountered were polite and helpful. I mean the staff at the front entrance, front desk and the restaurant.2. We like the location. It is in a neighborhood setting. Within walking distance to restaurants, cafes and shops.3. Restaurant: good food and service.The Bad 1. When we checked in, we were shown our room. Everything looked fine. However, when we came back from dinner, the room was FULL of SMOKE. We hurried to the front desk to tell them that someone smoked in our room. They said they will send a supervisor to inspect and they will let us know. Nobody came back to explain what might have caused the smoke:(2. A few friends met with us in the lobby/lunge area. My husband moved 2 chairs closer to us so we could chat with each other. A woman (blond) came over with stoned face to tell us we were not allowed to move the chairs. Upon hearing that, the group of us started discussing maybe we should go somewhere else. As we were walking away, the same woman came over to tell us that we could go and sit in the corner. I told her we have decided to go somewhere else. She got UPSET and said RUDELY:&quot; I wish you had told me before I moved chairs for you!&quot;3. During our first day of stay, we left “no disturb” sign on when we went out in the afternoon. When we came back, there was a message under our door. It said they didn’t do the turn down service because of the sign. The second day, we made sure the sign was off the door when we left. When we came back at night?... Still no turn down service…Mixed feelings…	
Apr 15 2009 	Friendly service	We recently stayed at 60 Thompson and I must say it was one of the best experiences we have ever had at a hotel. The staffs are good looking but very well trained. From the moment arrived to the hotel we were greeted and welcome and the warm greetings continued through out our stay. We do not remember ever having to open the main door because there was always a doorman there to greet you. The concierge (Chris) is fantastic and knows just about everything about NYC. The desk staffs are ready to greet you once you step of the elevator in the upper lobby. The housekeepers are very polite and always greeted us while awaiting the elevators. We love everything about this hotel. The only negative was the street was being repaved by the city and it was very loud causing us to request a roommove to the other side of the hotel but unfortunately they were fill for the night and could not accommodate us.Many thanks to 60 Thompson staff, you're our new favorite in NYC and we will back soon	
Mar 20 2009 	Alotta Moolah	Pros: fantastic location, hip, trendy, clean rooms, good toiletries, friendly at the desk; great chocolate boutique a few doors down. Cons: snooty door guys (stepped right in front of us as we were returning from dinner one night and, with a total attitude, asked my boyfriend &quot;can I help you?&quot; when we told him we were guests of the hotel, he just stepped aside, with no apology; rooms are microscopic (but this is typical for NYC). Overall, no real service for the amount you pay. We like Soho, but will probably try somewhere else when we visit again in May.	
Mar 14 2009 	Love the place	Great hotel, friendly staff, amazing rooftop bar, chic lobby bar.Certainly a preference over Mercer.	
Feb 1 2009 	Fantastic Service; Trendy But Slightly Worn	I just stayed at this hotel January 2009. The service (hotel staff) was fantastic. The location is perfect. The restaurant is incredible. The room was a little worn out (stains on some of the furniture, kind of dirty pillows on the bed, and beaten up fabric on the couch). But the room (a Deluxe King) was tastefully decorated and large for NYC. I would definitely return.	
Jan 28 2009 	Finally a great service	Finally a hotel with a quality serviceI've been recommended to stay at Thompson 60 by friends and I do not regret at all.First, the hotel has a perfect location, second, I was amazed by the quality service (front desk, bellmen and specially concierge).The team is ready to answer fast, efficiently, to customers' needs and the professionalism of all team is incomparable.I worked in the hospitality businessl, and it is obvious that all team followed a training of remarkable quality.I've stayed with friends for five nignts, and rooms are so comfortable with great accomodations specially the bed.Thank you for giving to your customers a big comfort, service and a young efficient team...P.S. beautifull bar and restaurant	
Jan 23 2009 	A good choice	My brother and I stayed there for a quick business/family visit trip in November. The hotel is...really nice. I can't think of anything to complain about. The design isn't groundbreaking, but it is still comfortable and well-done. The location is...perfect. Great shopping, eating, drinking are all just steps away. it's also easy to meet up with friends from all over the City.Our room was much larger than I expected (and who ever says that about a NYC hotel?). It's also nice to be in a busy part of town where the hotel doesn't feel like Grand Central. Also, make sure to eat (even just a snack) at the Thai restaurant on the ground floor...Kittichai?...it's great.	
Jan 14 2009 	Funky Chic Soho	I stayed at 60 Thompson for one night this Jan. Overall the hotel has the &quot;w&quot; hotel feel but much more upscale and personal. The inviting second floor lobby is decarated well with huge windowns and funky furniture. The check-in process was quick and all of my requests fullfilled.The room itself is a pretty standard NYC size room.. We checked in put were called in our room right away due to a mix up with someone else already checking into that specific room. We were upgraded to a suite that included a HUGE living room, seperate bedroom, 2 seperate bathrooms, each with walk in tiled showers and seperate tub. The suite was really something else. If you can afford it, it has to be one of the best in the city. Even though we were in the suite, I did see the previous &quot;standard&quot; room and it was like stated before: typically sized for NYC and decarated very funky/chic. The beds were very comfortable and showers fantastic.  I would and will definatly be back	
Jan 4 2009	Great location average hotel - stay if you get a rate	The hotel has a great location and the staff are friendly and helpful, rooms pretty clean (although we needed to open the windows in December to let some fresh air in as it was pretty stale when we arrived). Then there was a leak from the room above and we had to move to another room. The reception rooms are a bit dingy. Overall, if you can get a good rate, it is worth staying here, but doesn't feel like it is worth the full price.	
Dec 11 2008 	So overrated.	I recently stayed at the 60 Thompson for work.The hotel itself is pretty. The main floor with the bar is clean and elegant, not too designy but modern and minimal. Lots of dark wood, very Thai insipired. The staff is very nice and well trained and certainly try to make everything as smooth as possible. However, when you get there they give you an explanation speech on the special hotel amenities. At the end of the day the special amenities are a bar and a restaurant - and that's it. My room - which was supposed to be a superior king at 549.00 - was a closet. It was so small, I can't even image what the standard rooms look like. The room is minimal, pale greens and greys. Nice - but nothing special. If you stay in these kinds of hotels they all kind of look like each other after a while. There was nothing particularly distinguishing. The bathroom is nice and big. Dark marble - but shower only (in case you like to take baths). The shower amenities were the bare minimum - nothing special. Shampoo, conditioner and a bar of soap. No shower cap, toothbrush etc. Turndown service is nice in that they give you a brownie on your pillow. The &quot;gym&quot; - let's call it that - is in the dark, dank basement. It is an even smaller room - say 8 feet by 8 feet, with low ceilings and no windows. 2 treadmills, a bike, and an elliptical machine piled on top of each other. There is no business center and if you need to use a computer - you are forced to stand at a tiny laptop at the check in counter. God forbid you should have people waiting. Or worse, have to wait yourself. I have to say it's the first hotel I've ever been in without a business center.The room service was a little unusual as well. Minimal - but way too minimal. I ordered the grilled chicken breast and literally got a sliced grilled chicken breast on a white plate. No bread, no salad, no decoration, no condiments. I got that they were going for minimal, but looked more like hospital. All food is Thai inspired so even the chicken noodle soup and the grilled chicken breast had a very strong Asian infusion flavor to them. The breakfast &quot;buffet&quot; is really non existant. 5 bagels, 5 croissants and some toast on a plate. The menu looked ok, but i just wanted something simple off the buffet and sadly there wasn't much of a choice. So all in all - nothing bad - but certainly not worth that kind of money, or buzz. I think if you want to stay in this neighborhood I would recommend the SoHo Grand which really has all amenities a proper hotel should have.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great Place	Hubby and I just returned from a fabulous long w/e trip into Manhattan and stayed at this lovely hotel! There is not one thing I can negatively say about it! Everything was fabulous from the doormen, front desk, housekeeping, the wonderful bed and bathroom!!!! I did make a mistake and thought I was putting the A/C because we had our curtains opened and the sun made our room extremely HOT! Turns out there is only 1 setting from the Winter and the summer and when I put it on Cool it was actually heat and when we returned to our room hours later is was about 150 degrees! One call to the front desk and a couple of laughs later a maintenance guy came up and got our windows to open wide to cool the place, which happened in minutes! Again, this was MY fault not the hotels! Everyone was extremly nice and the hotel is in a perfect location as my husband and I frequent SoHo and the Village!!! (subway is right around the corner to go up to Midtown also).One more thing...we arrived on Thanksgiving Day and Thompson Street had plenty of parking! We were there for 3 days 2 nights and if we had to garage our car it would have been over $100...just be patient and look around for the right spot and watch your signs for street sweeping, etc! My car was actually good for another 3 days (but sadly we had to go home)!!My photos look exactly like those already posted so I'm not going to bother.	
Oct 27 2008	uniformly good service	I have stayed in NYC each of the last 10 years for my annual photographic trip. In recent years i have moved down from midtown and stayed in Soho at the Mercer and Soho Grand. This time i went with my family to 60 Thompson. The hotel is excellently positioned for the immediate area and lower Manhattan yet in a quiet road. It's rooms are bigger than most but whilst I believe service levels in most NYC hotels are better than the uk, 60 Thompson was exceptional. One felt relaxed and at ease. I can also recommend the City Girl Cafe across the road for a great coffee and the Thom bar if you're feeling sociable.The only minor quibble is that the roof terrace was closed for the season which was disappointing as i had planned to take photos, but it's only a minor point.If you want a very comfortable, classy and not overtly trendy base with extremely helpful and friendly staff for exploring the less touristy lower Manhattan then this hotel fits the bill.Simon 49	
Sep 24 2008 	EXCELLENT but worn around the edges!!	Excellent location with good shopping and restaurants all within short walking distance. It's easy to get cabs and feels safe. The hotel itself is a bit of a destination for party people, so request a room on a high floor to avoid the noise from the bar and restaurant.. or prepare to party!! we we're moved after a simple call to reception. The rooms are small and a little worn and tired, but have everything, including an expensive mini bar with everything including sex aids!!! The staff are friendly, polite and efficient, which is a real bonus for a trendy boutique hotel in NYC! We would definitely go back.The restaurant is very good.	
Sep 18 2008 	Great stay in Soho!	I stayed at The Mercer last year in Soho and wanted to try somewhere else and 60 Thompson didn't disappoint! Substanially cheaper than The Mercer, 60 Thompson is just as convenient and the rooftop bar is a MAJOR plus!! Loved it! The FRESH amenities were so fab that I had to go the Fresh Store and purchase more shampoo to take home to Sydney with me!! And the bedsheets were to die for! I look forward to checking out the other sister hotels as I've stayed in 2 of them now and I have no hesitation in going back there again :)	
Aug 29 2008 	Good but perhaps not as good as their prices promise	We stayed at 60 Thompson in April and had a perfect stay there. We were re-bookend into this hotel as the hotel we originally chose had to close their doors for a short time.When we first got there, we immediately liked the lobby and it was nice to get a coffee with pastry there every morning before starting a new day in that great cityNice room, big enough, just redecorated so everything nice and new, perfect bathroom and we slept wonderfully. Extraordinary, to be able to sleep so well in a city that never sleeps. The only noise we heard was our neighbour coming ' home' .Can't rave about the staff, they where average in my opinion, they did their job and nothing more than that.During our stay, there were still some renovations going on, so neither bar nor restaurant was open. We did get the rooms at about a third of the going rate, probably due to the rebooking and of course because not everything was ready. I imagine the bar and restaurant to be really something, but I don't think that ' extra experience' is worth $600 or more.We enjoyed our stay very much but it is definitely out of our range now.	
Aug 24 2008 	Friendly 	Thank you 60 Thompson!My GF and I recently stayed at 60 Thompson for a special weekend get away and let me say it was one of the best treats we've given ourselves this year! (and it's already august)The staffs are all very friendly and welcoming and actually listen and pay attention to the guests. We mentioned at arrival that it was a special weekend get away for us and when we got to our room later on, there was a note from the front desk staff with bottle of red wine and fruits (can you say mood setter!)Tiffany was the young lady at the desk who greeted us at arrival, so i believe she had all of her co workers initial the note to us, wishing us an enjoyable weekend. But let me note however, another young lady greeted us at departure and she knew of our weekend get away and extended an invite for next yea r. The concierge desk was very helpful as well (thns Bryan for all your help) and guy at the entrance too. Amazing staffs, great location- We will always be back!	
Jul 21 2008 	great location friendly staff	between Broome and Spring street this is a good location to explore the shops of Soho and the eateries of Greenwich village, Little Italy + Chinatown. Rooms have a reasonable size and free wireless access . I've stayed there for two hot and humid days in July, enjoyed the friendly check-in and especially the roof top sun deck and bar.	
Jun 27 2008 	Fabulous NYC Hotel in Soho	60 Thompson is a charming boutique hotel located in Soho. The location is ideal for all the shopping and restaurants in Soho. The rooms are clean, spacious (for NYC), and well decorated. The bathrooms are beautiful and bathrobes are provided.There is also a very cool bar and restaurant in this hotel. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful.I would absolutely recommend this hotel - its one of my NYC faves!	
Jun 5 2008 	Huge Room bit noisy though	took me a long time to decide on this place, and it was between here and the gansvoort. The location is great but other aspects meant it was really VERY expensive for what it was.Staff excellent and friendly at all times, especially the bellhops.I chose the delux room and it was large with a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was nice and the loo had a fierce and loud flush. Accoustically you could hear noises from the other rooms as well as the people in the hall.I would recommend it but i am not sure for that money, that I would return. The area is great !	
Jun 1 2008	A hip boutique with great food and drinks	I only spent one night at this hotel, but I can certainly say that I left with the wish to return. Great location within walking distance to Chinatown and shopping in Soho. Convenient to 2 subway stations. When I checked in a bit early on Sunday, I got upgraded from a Queen Superior to a King Deluxe on the 3rd floor, room 32. Very spacious room with a couch. The upgrade was nice, but the room smelled like smoke - I found out during checkout that the 3rd floor is all smoking rooms, so request a room on a different floor if this will bother you. The Fresh toiletries in the marble bathroom was a nice touch. They also had Kiki de Montparnasse items in the dresser drawers (lubricants, condoms, etc.) - naughty! There was a disclaimer in the drawer that said that if the item is opened, then you will be charged for it, but when we arrived, one of the Kiki kits was clearly already opened (but not used), so housekeeping did not replace it properly. In the evening we went to the A60 Rooftop bar, which you have to show your key to get into if you're a guest. Otherwise, I believe you have to be a member. There were 2 sides to the rooftop bar, one that had the actual bar and was already full according to the bouncer, and the other which had table service. Nice views of the city. But don't go there hungry, b/c they don't serve food on the rooftop. For casual appetizers, head to the Thom Bar on the lobby floor (2nd floor). The Bar has a masculine feel, like a mix between a library and hunting lodge, with dark wood and modern furniture. There was a dj spinning ambient tunes. The chocolate braised shortribs were to die for! Excellent food and great drinks muddled with fresh fruit, although they took a very long time to arrive, and I downed mine in 2 seconds (not much there). Very friendly reception staff. Great food, good drinks. But I requested ahead of time that a special note be left in our room upon arrival for my friend's birthday, and they did not deliver on this, so the custom touch was missing. Housekeeping also took a while to bring extra sheets.Overall, a memorable experience. I would give 60 Thompson another stay upon my next return to NYC.	
May 8 2008 	Great Location; Disappointingly Average Hotel	Stayed two nights in April with my wife, who accompanied me on a business trip. I spent a lot of time in advance of the trip trying to decide where to stay. Knew I wanted to stay in SoHo to be near my sister who lives there. My sister typically refers people to the SoHo Grand, but LOVES the rooftop bar at the 60 Thompson. A client who is in the hotel industry, spends a lot of time in NY, and is otherwise &quot;in the know&quot; recommended either The Mercer or 60 Thompson. At the time I initially checked availability, The Mercer was full and - even it they were not - the rooms were significantly more expensive than 60 Thompson. However, a couple days before I left for the trip, rooms became available at The Mercer and the prices between the two hotels got a bit closer. I stuck with 60 Thompson b/c I didn't want to spend the extra $100 a night. I regret doing so.60 Thompson is in a nice, quiet location still close to all the shopping and restaurants. Rooms are acceptable in size given they are at a boutique hotel in NY, adequately finished and clean -although not very interesting. Check-in was a little strange. We arrived early, so we gave them our cell number and went to shop and grab a late lunch and drinks. While we were out I called to see if we could upgrade our room from a King Superior to a King Deluxe, as I was having reservations about being in their standard sized room. I was told by the reservationist that a King Deluxe was not available, but, as she hung up, she confirmed that we were remaining in our original reservation &quot;which is a King Deluxe.&quot; Before I could clarify whether she meant to say &quot;King Superior,&quot; she hung up. I immediately called back to clarify whether we were remaining in a &quot;King Superior&quot; and whether she was correct when she told me there weren't Deluxe rooms available. This time I was told by someone else that I was being put in the Superior but Deluxe rooms were available and we could upgrade for an additional $50 or so, which I elected to do. Very minor, but I was surprised that there was this confusion given how small the reservation department was. My wife and I also remarked how beat up the lobby was. This is one of the first things you see when you arrive at the hotel. It really sets the stage for what you expect of the rooms, restaurant and bar, although I think the rooms, restaurant and bar are all in significantly better shape than the lobby. You'd think they'd keep things looking nice. Instead, it looked like wall and floor coverings and furniture had not been touched in a few years. Doormen did a nice job getting us transportation and loaning us umbrellas as we headed out in the rain. Service in the bar was acceptable. I left 60 Thompson disappointed. Not b/c it was a bad stay, but b/c I was expecting something just a little nicer, hipper and more special. When I go back I will either save a few bucks and stay at the SoHo Grand or splurge a few bucks and stay at The Mercer in the hopes of getting the experience I was hoping for at 60 Thompson.	
May 7 2008 	Nothing special	I've just returned from a weekend at 60 Thompson from my husband and to be honest we were a little disappointed.The roof terrace was closed for refurb opening sometime later in May, not a huge issue but a shame.Firstly, we had originally booked a room that was 1 up from a standard. When we arrived in our room, i was really shocked as to how small it was - you couldn't swing a cat. The room was quite drab with no character whatsover. We stayed in that room for 1 night then upgraded to a bigger room. Much more spacious but again, I don't think it was value for money. This is a 'no frills' hotel as far as I'm concerned. There are many more 'boutique' hotels in NYC that would offer much more.Location is great. We ate in the restaurant. Great food, but i felt they rushed us to be honest.Bit of a hit and miss too with the staff. I called up at 1am for some tampax, the receptionist said she'd get back to me, never did. I just thought a phone call even to say they couldn't help would have been nice. We only stayed in the bar for about 15 minutes. It was really loud and buzzy but can't really comment further than that.Some area's of the hotel are shabby too.Toilets flush is so loud that it sounds like the loo is going to take off!!! All in all, not a hotel to rave on about. I think i'd recommend it for dinner, but not way would i ever stay there again.Hope this helps!	
Apr 6 2008 	Good place to stay in New York	The 60 Thompson enjoys a good location, which is relatively quick to reach by taxi from JFK (as compared to Midtown hotels for example). It is not in the middle of SoHo action, which makes it a relatively quiet place. Yet, all the hot shopping / dining / drinking spots of SoHo are within walking distance, as is a subway station.Rooms are rather on the small side (but this is New York, after all), and the views are far from great (especially if you don't have a room facing Thompson Street). There is free wi-fi internet access, which is very convenient. The design of the bathrooms is great, and the bath amenities are good.Service is okay, as is dining. The bar is pleasant.Overall a nice place to stay, with a rather residential feel. I tend to think that prices are a little bit high for the product, but again ... this is New York, so that I would consider that the value for money is okay.Although maybe not my first choice in New York, I would probably stay there again.	
Mar 21 2008	Good Location	I really like this Hotel, 2nd visit good location with lots of bars and street cafes around. Good cocktails in the bar in the Hotel and good service. STAY HERE	
Mar 13 2008 	Excellent	Everything was wonderful.great location walking distance to all shops and amazing restaurants. beautiful and spacious rooms, everything we asked for was there within minutes.We only had breakfast there which the price was outrageous for coffe, juice and muffin but other than that i would recommend the hotel.Beautiful lobby and lounge downstairs, very good staff.Enjoy your stay.	
Jan 16 2008 	Couldn't use the bar !	60 Thompson in NYC is an attractive hotel and the staff are stylish and attentive. However when I stayed there in December one thing amazed me...for three of my four nights in the hotel the bar was closed to residents as it had been hired out for private parties. If you wanted a drink you either had to sit in the lobby or the tiny bar of the restaurant downstairs.&quot;Completing the whole Thompson experience are the beautiful Thom bar and A60&quot;...clearly this was an experience that i did not get. When you are paying the best part of $700 per night you want to be able to drink in the bar. To be told that it is owned by a seperate company is pathetic...if you dont control it, take it off your website. To add insult to injury they sent a bottle of average champagne to my room...of course, in Soho that is exactly where you want to drink...in a room on your own!!!!In synopsis, what a crap experience for your guests...worst of all there was no warning and when friends joined me for a drink i looked like a tit in that i could not drink in my own hotel.	
Jan 12 2008 	What a find!	WOW! That is all I can say. What a fabulous find in a great Soho Neighborhood. The rooms were large, clean, and modern. The staff was awesome! I was there with my Husband and 4 year old son on a last minute Holiday treat before heading back To CA. We were going to stay close to JFK, (only a 30 minute cab ride the next morning) but why, this was a great idea, and we will definately be back.	
Jan 10 2008 	Loved 60 Thompson	I thought this boutique hotel was great. Please take into account that I love boutique hotels and made it a mini hobby to stay at as many as I can. I stayed in the Standard Room and I really enjoyed my stay. The Front Desk was great. I arrived early but there were no rooms ready so while I was off eating lunch, they called me and told me they checked me in (it was around noon) and they were ready for me. Also they gave me advice on reserving a table at the rooftop bar so I wouldn't be left standing if I didn't want to. Sadly, it was a breezy NYC summer night so it made the rooftop bar not so great. The amenities were awesome. They were by fresh. The bathroom was fine. Water pressure isn't that great but not a problem. They turndown your beds daily and leave a brownie from The Fat Witch which is one of my fave brownie places in NYC. They offer at turndown to fill your ice bucket, etc. Yes, the room is small. The smallest out of all the NYC hotels I've been to up to that point, but I usually get rooms with 2 double beds, so the comparison is still difficult. This was the beginning of my boutique hotel endeavors and the one I stayed at prior to this was Bryant Park. I enjoyed 60 THompson much better and I'm really a downtown girl rather than uptown so this fit me needs perfectly. Since the bar is on the 2nd floor, it can possibly be noisy, but I think I was on the 11th floor or what not. So it was quiet and peaceful for me. I was also in the room right next to the elevator and never found it to be a problem.	
Jan 7 2008 	Sleepless in Soho	I just came back from a pretty terrible stay at this hotel, fortunately only for one night. One sleepless night that included crappy service, that is. I was in Soho with some friends celebrating a birthday and we opted to stay at 60T because of the proximity to our activities in/around the neighborhood. I got a decent rate due to the season: $455 (tax incl) for a queen double. My room was on the 3rd floor -- which I should have realized is right above the bar. Ordinarily this may not even be a big deal, save for the fact that at this hotel the bar was totally packed and they pump music until 3am. Speaking of the bar, what a nightmare. We went down there for a drink before dinner and when the hostess was no where to be found, we went in and encountered several empty tables with &quot;reserved&quot; signs on them. Eventually she wandered out and rudely told us that we could stay there until 9pm, but then she'd need to kick us out. That was at 7pm, and she seemed exasperated when we said we were only having 1 drink. We stopped by to see if we could get an after dinner reservation before we left, and she stood there ignoring us while hanging up coats for a few minutes before I &quot;interrupted&quot; her. Though we should have gone elsewhere, we actually closed down the bar at the hotel, which was okay given that had we chosen to go to bed, we wouldn't have slept with the music going so loudly. What really po'd me, however, was that at 6am people started getting up and flushing toilets which sounded like they were right next to you. The noise from these was amazingly loud and of course lasted through the morning. Our friends on another floor said they were awoken by it as well, and that it actually sounded amplified! I think their walls are made out of tissue paper and spit! Otherwise, the hotel seemed okay. It's not like you get much in NYC for your money. The neighborhood is great. The rooms are small, but everything is brand new. There's a crappy flat panel tv on the dresser, and a cd player/stereo in there too. (BTW, does anyone use cd's anymore?) The toiletries in the bathroom are pretty good. The beds were pretty comfy, with decent linens, which obviously didn't make up for the no-sleep dilemma. I should probably also mention that I was surprised at how clumsy and ill-trained the bellmen are. Though they always seemed to have 2 guys on duty, rarely were they around to open the door or help with bags. They sure love tips though! ;^)During check-out I mentioned that the hotel was really loud and the desk clerk, who also checked us in, kind of snickered and said, &quot;Oh, well, you were right above the bar.... &quot; Nice!I just glared out her and replied, &quot;Well, you checked me into that room so you must have known that. Regardless, we closed down the bar, that wasn't my issue. Your walls are so thin that every time someone flushed the toilet it sounded as if I was in their bathroom with them.&quot;This was met with no response. None whatsoever. I mentioned that I was from DC and that they have another hotel opening, to which she cheerily replied that 'yes' they did. Most hotels would offer something -- at least an apology when you told them your stay sucked.Or maybe I'm just used to good service?....	
Jan 3 2008 	Very common place for a very high price	The location is really good but the hotel is so common...We took a king deluxe room with a rate of 679 per night. The Room was quite clean but very oldish and had nothing special.When you pay that price, you expect a little bit more than that. Last year we went to the Mercer wich is about the same price but much better and also in Soho.	
Jan 1 2008 	Terrible	I was looking forward to staying at 60 Thompson because of the great location, but certainly would not repeat that mistake again. The tiny, somewhat outdated room was like sleeping in an oven - 90 degrees with no way to adjust the temperature except opening the window and thereby introducing the scream of police cars, etc. off 6th Ave. Staff was useless. Easily one of the worst nights I have spent in a hotel anywhere in the world. I left as soon as possible. You would be a fool to choose this hotel. You'd be better off gettting a bench in the park.	
Dec 27 2007 	Great location great staff but a little worn	We stayed at 60 Thompson for a short Christmas get-away. For Christmas shopping the hotel's location in SoHo cannot be beat. And for seeing all of the Holiday sites uptown, there are several nearby subway stops. As compared to its equivalents uptown, the hotel's SoHo location makes for a more relaxed and quiet stay. The hotel's staff is very accommodating and answered all of our questions. The bellhops, concierge and front desk persons all went above and beyond to be helpful. Really, can't say enough good things about them (but they really should get a vacation once in a while, saw the same faces at all hours many days in a row). That all said, absent a discount, the hotel's price is well beyond what is reasonable for a hotel that has not been recently updated. The carpets are worn and although clean, bear the marks of many, many guests. The one-pipe heating system makes for an almost uncomfortable stay if it's unseasonably warm. And the beds could be a little more plush. However, if you have a good discount, the 60 Thompson is a lovely little hotel for the price.	
Dec 16 2007 	Delightful boutique hotel in the village	Never having been to New York before, we were faced with 'where to start?' We wanted to get a flavour for 3 - 4 days, so wanted something central, comfortable, personable, and reliable. Trip Advisor reviews led us to 60 Thompson, and the hotel's website was attractive, so we gave it a go. We booked one of the executive rooms, and was not disappointed, given that the reviews led us to expect smaller rooms likely in need of a brush-up. The journey from JFK was a flat $45 in a yellow cab, and check in was fine. The front desk looked a bit untidy, but the young staff were friendly and cool. The room was fine. Crisp linens, clean and tidy, fresh. The place has a really good bar. Music is funky but not overly intrusive. Great long island iced teas! We only used the restaurant for breakfast, and we found this excellent. I recommend the home made meusli. Mostly very healthy options. Service on the whole was professional, unobtrusive. The location is perfect for walking around Soho, Grenwich Village, Little Italy, China Town, and is about 30 minutes from the financial district / ground zero, or depending on how many zillions of detours you make, can stroll up 5th Avenue for all the hullaballoo of the big shops. We'll be back. Warmly recommended.	
Dec 14 2007 	Not so luxe!	This property was a second choice to the Mercer which was full. The 60 has been around sometime, and the rooms show it. I had a deluxe king room which was spacious, but with a very small coat closet. Bathrooms need to be updated, and very basic. Towels we thread bare, and felt oh so Comfort Inn if you get my drift. Amenities by Fresh were not replenished and limited. The turn down service of Voss water and a brownie were a nice touch. But did not make up for a rather &quot;oldish&quot; room.The room had no writing desk, but a large sofa and seater with a coffee table. Although it did have a flat screen television, it has not caught up with the wi fi must have making it cumbersome to plug into the the net, with a plug tucked in the corner.Airconditioning felt so European -- that is since its winter, its all heat! What happens if you want some cold? I slept with the windows open (they open about 3 inches). I could not complain about the service. The bellmen were very helpful (oh yes, with large tips) and attentive. The concierge abit snooty, but passable.Its all about location, and the 60 fills that need. But if you must be in Soho as I just love to be, I would not stay again but make sure to book early for the Mercer.	
Dec 5 2007	Awesome Stay	Had a Christmas party nearby and decided to spend the night at this hotel to avoid having to make the commute home. I really enjoyed the room's amenities, except for the price of course. I guess this is the norm these days in NYC and it is nice to splurge once in a while. I would definitely recommend this hotel as long as you can afford it.	
Nov 24 2007 	Great hotel in a great location	My wife and I decided we wanted to visit New York for a little pre Christmas shopping, 60 Thompson was recommended by a few friends, searched the hotels website and thought it looked pretty neat.............looked on TA and found a number of varying reviews, decided that I would go on our friends recommendation and how glad I am.The first impression is that it is in a very quiet location, I was glad of this after a couple of days fighting the crowds around Times Square, the hotel staff were great, from the check in to the delivery of luggage to our room, we were on the 12th floor, the room was great, bigger than expected and well decrated, even had a view from the window.Most days we were out early to do some sight seeing or more shopping but on our last morning we decded to have breakfast in our rooms, the food was great and there was so much of it, as usual for a Brit we ordered just a little too much but boy it was good.I will definately go back and stay here, if you want to be in the middle of the bust area then this is not for you but if you want to be within a 15 minute subway ride of the main areas head for this hotel.	
Nov 3 2007 	Perfect again..	After making the huge mistake staying one night at Tribeca Grand, we managed to book a King Deluxe room on the 11th floor and enjoy the rest of the week at this lovely hotel. It's our second visit to 60 Thompson and after trying out few hotels in NYC, this has become a favorite. Friendly and helpful staff; service top notch; great rooms and bathrooms (yes you can hear the toilet flush from you neighbor and it can be a little annoying but it’s reasonable); chic bar; one of NYC best restaurants; outdoor service; rooftop bar; GREAT location – so all in all a perfect place to stay and enjoy NYC! No reason to look any further!	
Oct 18 2007 	Love love love 60 Thompson!	My business partner and I stayed at 60 Thompson for 5 nights and we are really impressed by the service, the architecture, the food, the beds...there's absolutely nothing to fault this hotel -although it took me a while to find the hair dryer;-)	
Sep 20 2007 	Nice Hotel but Check Your Credit Card	Hip, comfortable hotel with friendly, well-trained staff. Rooms are small but well-appointed. Free wireless was nice, but there was no desk to work at, so my laptop truly had to be a laptop. A little hard for the business traveler. The roof bar, reserved for guests and their guests, was a great place to hang out. Location is great for Soho, Tribeca, downtown shopping, eating, and hanging out. The only thing that marred my stay was a $54 charge to my credit card I received a week later in the mail for a &quot;minibar&quot; charge. Since I did not use the minibar at all, I called the reception and the staff person removed the charge (supposedly - I'm waiting for confirmation that my credit card was credited). She did not apologize or say that it may have been their mistake, leaving me with the feeling that she thought I was being dishonest. It's too bad because a simple apology for the misunderstanding would have given them a loyal guest who travels to NYC often. The whole thing leaves me with a bad feeling about the hotel, which is disappointing since the stay itself was quite nice. Check your credit card after you stay there!!	
Sep 15 2007 	A cool and ultra trendy place to stay	I stay here regularly on business. I have to say that I always have an excellent experience. The staff have always been extremely helpful and friendly, nothing seems to be too much trouble. The restaurant is fantastic and the food is delicious. Room service is always prompt and on time and the roof top bar is a cool place to entertain with fantastic views of Manhattan. I find the rooms more spacious than others I have stayed in and the beds are one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in! Overall it's probably one of the best hotels I stay in and I am extremely fussy when it comes to accommodation!	
Sep 14 2007	great location - terrific restaurant	I would go back,. We just returned from a four night stay. We had two rooms; a deluxe King and a deluxe double. It is a little overpriced when you consider the size of the rooms but you are paying for the location which is unbeatable. We liked the staff, particularly Michael, and thought the concierge staff was terrific.They were friendly and very helpful. The restaurant, Kittichai, is excellent. For breakfast I would recommend Balthazar at the corner of Crosby and Spring.It is an excellent break from the stuffier uptown hotels.Just make sure you bring your laptop. The only internet access the hotel has is at the front desk and it is slowwww.	
Sep 6 2007 	Nasty staff and noisy	I stayed at the 60 Thompson for 2 nights. I asked for a quiet room when I got to the front desk as there was a great deal of music noise in the lobby bar. They selected a room and I stayed only a few minutes and went to dinner. I returned to find the music blaring and the room moving with the music. I called to the front desk and asked for another room. There were none, so they told me they could send up EAR PLUGS. They had put me in a room right over the DJ and speakers. They moved me the next day reluctantly and never apologized. No one apologized and I think the woman at the front desk thought it was probably funny as I heard her giggling when I left. I left a note for management and never heard from them.	
Sep 4 2007	The Truth about the 60 Thompson	Plus:1. Great Location just steps from restaurants and shopping2. Beautiful rooftop bar with spectacular views3. Great restaurant in the hotel4. Showers are big and modern5. Beds are very very compfortableMinus:1. Rooftop bar staff all have attitudes and rarely smile (no joke)2. There is a two inch gap between your room door and the floor so late afternoon/early evening you can hear all types of noise in the hallways. To the hotels credit they keep the housekeeping staff pretty quiet during the morning hours so its not too bad.3. Concierge doesn't have a clue. Recommends places that were &quot;in&quot; about 3 years ago. If you want to get advice on new and fun places to hit just go up to the roof and talk to the locals (many of them have access to the bar with no membership but who cares). 4. The hotel is starting to look warn out.This is a cool place and I would stay again (but only in the mid to upper $200s/night.......	
Aug 21 2007 	Great neighborhood	My partner and I had a early morning flight into NY, so when we got to the hotel, our room was definitely not ready. We didn't think it would be, as it was pretty early. The front desk was very courteous and said that they would hold our luggage and would call us on our cells as soon as it was ready. Luckily, the hotel is in a fantastic neighborhood with lots to see- lots of restaurants/ cafes &amp; a ton of hip boutiques. The hotel itself is very stylish. There was a fashion shoot going on in the lobby our first morning. The shower was a bit weird- the way it was designed allowed for water to get on the floor, but I guess that's what towels are for...-Our room didn't have a tub unfortunately- but when in NY who has time for a bath, I guess. The restaurant was nice- very swanky. The waiter accomodated to our dietary requests nicely. We ate early , so it was not packed, but it is definitely a place to see and be seen. The other people sitting near us were having some sort of fashion industry meeting- which kept us amused. The only bad thing I could say about the hotel is the sound carrying problem that someone already mentioned. We definitely heard people flushing their toilets/ and water thru the pipes which was a bit odd considering you are in such swanky surroundings. Also- the doors slam if not shut properly, so you constantly hear housekeeping and other guests slamming doors in the morning. You get over it pretty quickly though considering it's NY and you can't escape noise. Again- great neighborhood. Lots of things to do during the day-- and plenty of bars/ late night cafes near the hotel!	
Aug 16 2007 	Superb	This was the final hotel we stayed in on our 'round the world trip' and was an excellent end to our travels. The rooms are fantastic and we felt thoroughly spoilt by thehotel surroundings and great staff. Having travelled to many other hotels around the globe I think we can safely say that this was our favourite hotel and we we'd love to stay here again if we visit New York again in the future.	
Aug 6 2007	Great location good service average rooms	We stayed at 60 Thompson from a Thursday to a Sunday. We had an early flight &amp; arrived at 10am. Our room happened to be ready which was a bonus. The room itself was average, small and slightly worn looking. There were traces of the last guests - a letter left on the dresser, water in the ice bucket, but the bed appeared to have been changed &amp; overall the room was very clean. If you are planning to use the room for business, there is no desk. Our only major problem was the noise on the Saturday night. Not the hotel's fault - we happened to be next to a very rowdy room who was smashing doors &amp; yelling most of the night. As with most boutique hotels the sound proofing just isn't there &amp; even during the other days &amp; nights we could clearly hear flushing toilets in other rooms, speaking &amp; closing of doors. The hotel is in a great location and the staff is exceptionally friendly. Would we stay again? For that price we will probably look for another hotel close by.	
Aug 5 2007	Still a top choice	60 used to be my favorite five years ago ans I had not been back since. I was happily surprised by the addition of a great downstairs thai fusion restaurant and also by the ever happening friday night drinks on the roof top.Rooms ok though at bit small to my standards. Staff is helpful but sometimes a bit posh for NY. The concierge is very good to get you in the fashionnable spots.I also found a great guide book the &quot;luxe guide&quot; in that hoteL	
Jul 10 2007 	towels frayed n soiled and that was supposed to be clean	my husband n i planned a wonderful 5days stay in nyc over july 4th week and decided to stay at 60 thompson hotel in the heart of soho in nyc,since reading reviews about it here n other sites...great location n fun..well we booked directly with hotels website for a superior king room..upon checking in they first gave us a room small enough like the size of a dorm room in college.. with a bed that was a queen maybe? were still not sure..,we kept bumping into each other....we complained n said we booked for a king but they kept on insisting that was a king..well i don't know who does the measuring but it aint a king,at their website the room stated that it is 325sq in size more like 150sq..so small its like my walk in closets at home...well that same evening we decided that this is not working out with this hotel n they were not accommadating us...so we just booked with expedia that evening at our fav hotel in nyc uptown with larger nicer rooms n amazing location...definetly can't recommend 60 thompson to anyone..terrible hotel,towels that were so frayed n soiled i was afraid it will fall apart,terrible customer service, super tiny rooms n very pricy....but great location..in the heart of soho..gave it two stars cause of the location n location only...	
Jun 9 2007 	Perfect Soho location.	Perfect location, nice design, excellent breakfast, enjoyable small convenient rooms but smell of cigarette in a no smoking room, well set bathroom, good value for NYC, good restaurant (you have to pay a 20% service charge if you are staying at the hotel and not worth the 20%), bar always closed for private parties, staff at reception almost nice, good concierge, slow elevators because of the keys you need to use it.Definitely the best choice in the area.	
May 28 2007 	Fantastic location - loved it	My husband and I stayed here as the first leg of our honeymoon.I'd stayed here before on business (i.,e I wasn't paying) so it was a bit of a splurge as we normally stay at cheaper hotels in NYC (Washington Square Hotel).I booked through Quikbook and got it for almost half the advertised rack rate. The King deluxe room is advertised on the hotel's website for around $650. We're Brits and are a little intimidated by all the tipping that goes in the the USA but it was pretty painless here. The bellboy greeted our car (tip) and another brought the bags up to the room (tip).The room was lovely, very stylish, not huge but hey, it's New York. It had a sofa, mini bar, treats, marble bathroom, robes, safe, big bed with lovely soft pillows. All the comforts. The hotel was very quiet and you never really see anyone else around.A lot of stars stay here, we got our picture taken one evening leaving as the paparazzi were waiting for Kirsten Dunst who was staying there at the time. There were fashion shoots happening in the (small) lobby and guest list queues waiting to go into the bar. Talking about the bar, the roof-top wasn't open (May) and the Thom bar on the first floor was pretty expensive and full of non-guests and wanabes. I think there's better bars in walking distance to be honest so wouldn't hang out here.Great location if you like being in the heart of Soho and Tribeca, we walked to Bubbys Diner for breakfast and a great restaurant called Jane on West Houston for dinner. I asked the concierge to make a dinner reservation one night and they are great - a card was put in my room stating the reservation and directions on how to get there. We went to Public in the lower East Side and the food was lovely.The turn-down service is cute, bottle of water and a brownie.If you can get it for a good deal, stay there. Much better than staying uptown if you like neighbourhood restaurants and cool shopping.	
May 24 2007 	Great but showing some wear.....	My wife and I have stayed at 60 Thompson two other times over the last four years. Each time we stayed for about a week. It had been about a year and a half since our last visit and we took advantage of a &quot;good deal&quot; on the basic queen room at $299. Well $299 doesn't get you much at all in NYC so we were thrilled to find a good deal. And, at 60 Thompson you do get a lot - attentive bellmen, cool staff, rooms where everything works, great showers and a nice bathroom. The Soho location can't be beat.In the past we always upgraded to a larger queen room. It wasn't available for this visit and we sure missed it! It has more room, an extra chair and a view to the front. The standard queen (which is smaller) only has a rear building view and you get some noise from air vents from the building behind the hotel. Our room was neat and clean but there were signs of wear. The couch had a stain and some of the towels seem to be a bit old. (They aren't the same brand they used to have. I used to think 60 Thompson had the thickest towels in NYC!) We also needed to call down for new shampoo and conditioner three out of seven days. The lobby area is very worn looking, with faded fabric pillows and carpeting. I ordered a glass of wine on the rooftop lounge and the reusable plastic glass had a huge crack!Staying there for a week we had a lot of reasons to interact with the staff. They were always attentive and friendly. The bellmen were especially nice and greeted us each day. Any requests we had with the front desk were addressed very quickly. Everyone seems &quot;on the ball&quot;.It's a pretty cool place and a great location. But it isn't plush. If you can get the premium queen and a room pretty high up I think you will enjoy it a lot. My stay 8 months ago at the Soffitel, the #2 ranked hotel on Tripadvisor in NYC, wasn't as good as 60 Thompson. In NYC I am always grateful for a room under $400 with a good staff, a clean room and air conditioning and plumbing that work. When you add its location it is hard to beat. Now, if they could just bring back those uber thick towels and refurbish the lobby........	
Mar 20 2007	great location great restaurant mediocre hotel	60 thompson is a trendy hotel in a superb location and a fantastic restaurant. However, the rooms are extremely small for the prices they charge. Also, they are now in need of renovation as the furniture is old and shabby. The worst part of the hotel is the 3rd floor which is directly above the bar area and the noise can be heard in the room until 2 am. If you must stay at this hotel - avoid the 3rd floor at all costs as you will not get any sleep. Unfortunately, noone warns you of this problem when you book the room but it should be known that the 3rd floor cannot be used as a hotel floor. Great restaurant though and the location in Soho is close to everything.	
Feb 20 2007 	A so so Hotel in Soho New York.	I am just back from a 4 night stay in New York with my husband and 6 friends. We were there to celebrate our friends 40th birthday. We choseThe 60 Thompson for its reputatuion as a boutique hotel. We knew it was expensive before going and naturally expected the service to match the price --it didn't. The place and staff are trying so hard to be trendy that it is clear good customer care and service is not a job requirement. The rooms probably very smart when first open are now a touch dull/shabby.and small.The bar is a very popular night spot for local trendies and celebs.it is a happening place but unfortunately hotel guests are not priority and in fact when we were there private parties meant we couldn't get into the bar and were actually asked to move from our seats.The best thing about the hotel was its location but I don't think that is enough to encourage me to go back to it.	
Feb 5 2007	Great time at the Thompson	Booked an excellent rate at the 60 Thompson through the Quikbook website for 7 days and had a fantastic time.Location: excellent location really in the heart of Soho. Possibly the Mercer hotel is better located but also far more expensive.Vibe: the Vibe of the hotel is quite young, with loud music etc. On friday and saturday evenings the hotel lobby turns into a bar, joining with its actual bar &quot;thom bar&quot;. We liked this aspect of the hotel but you should eb aware of it.Service: as we met friends at the hotel who were travelling to new york from europe, we made all of our luch and dinner reservations through the concierge about a month before we were due to arrive. The Concierge was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about new york, and added greatly to our wonderful experience of the big apple.Having said that, you get the feeling that the large number of VERY young staff means that there is a bit more gloss than actual hotel experience going on here.Rooms: stayed in a superior king room which was nicely appointed but could have been a tad larger considering its category.Bathroom: our room had a shower in teh bathtub and our friends had a shower only which may have been preferable.Nice Touches: Bottle of Voss water each evening along with a fudge cake was a nice touch.Hotel restaurant Kittichai has good asian food and is definately worth trying one evening.	
Jan 30 2007	Boutique done right!	My wife and I where staying in the city for a family function and just came back from a 3 night stay at the hotel. Unlike a lot of boutique hotels in the city the vibe of the 60 Thompson was different. The lobby didn't feel like a nightclub that Phillipe Starck designed as most do. The staff was very attentive to servicing the customer instead of trying to grab a modeling or acting job and amenities felt well placed and relevant. The rooms albeit small (as most rooms in NYC are) where well appointed with fantastic toiletries, min-bar delights and electronics. The night housekeeping staff was even so kind to clean our room, turn down the bed, and replace all of the old towels while we where out to dinner in the city. (We haphazardly left the do not disturb sign on the door). I will definetely stay when I get back as I finally found a hotel in the cty that I would like to frequent vs. searching for that next place.	
Jan 28 2007 	Great location beautiful restaurant awful service and organization	We booked our weekend stay at the 60 Thompson and requested a non-smoking room. Upon arriving at the hotel, I noticed that my room had an ashtray and I called down to the front desk to request for a non-smoking room. They said that nothing on the reservation stated that we had in fact requested non-smoking, and would only be able to switch us to a non-smoking room the following day. (Our confirm clearly said &quot;non-smoking&quot;). The hotel claims that when the hotel room is booked via outside reservation agents, the request for non-smoking is not given to them. After insisting multiple times that it was important to us, and going down to the lobby with our confirmation as proof, we finally got an upgrade for the night to a beautiful, large suite. Some complaints about the suite: the wireless Internet didn't work, the TV in the bedroom refused to change channels, and the toilets were so noisy they would have scared small children. Upon checking out, we found on our bill a $10 charge for the Ethernet cable they had provided us when the Wi Fi failed. (We complained and didn't end up having to pay for it). Also upon checkout, we were shocked to find a $220 charge for the minibar, even though we hadn't used anything. Word of warning: I had noticed in both rooms we stayed in (the suite and the regular room the next day) that the minibar did not have full inventory to begin with -- this was probably the source of the discrepancy. Make sure the list provided in the minibar in fact matches the inventory, because some of the items --- &quot;Intimacy Kit&quot; ($110++), and Tocca Candle ($50) can run steep.Disappointingly for such an expensive and &quot;upscale&quot; hotel, the gym was located in the musty, dark basement level and was a whopping 15x15' room. It included 2 treadmills, one bicycle and one step machine, which, when we were working out, were all occupied. Ventilation is minimal and there are no windows in the room. When I returned home, I realized that I had left my phone charger in the hotel room. When I called to file a search request, the front desk told me to call back the next day when housekeeping arrived. No reassurance, remorse, or any sign of standard procedure here regarding lost items --- while this is acceptable behavior for a $100/night hotel, in my mind it is not for a $400+/night hotel. Overall the staff seemed to be hired for their looks, not their commitment to quality service. On the bright side, the restaurant Kittichai is stunning and the food delicious. The room service menu is abundant with Kittichai selections, which is a delight. The suite we had was gorgeous despite the technical difficulties we had. The wonderful SoHo location may make this hotel a worthwhile stay, although if you're looking for seamless 5-star hotel service that usually comes with this kind of price tag, don't count on 60 Thompson to deliver.	
Jan 9 2007 	Perfect location	We stayed at 60 Thompson for a short week last summer and thoroughly enjoyed it. Having never stayed at the hotel before, we picked it based on a friends suggestions and its location as we knew we were spending most of our time in the area.The location is one of the best considering the low number of hotels around Soho. the hotel itself was nice - stylish and modern. Staff was helpful, the room was cozy but not very big. I knew this beforehand so it wasn't a shock or anything. The view on a higher floor was amazing and sounds from the street were surprisingly quiet, don't know how they'd be on a lower level?My only complaint is what others have mentioned, plumping is oddly loud, I could hear rather clearly when someone flushed a toilet in the room above. also the room door was very poorly sealed (annoyingly common in hotels) so sound from the hallway was pretty loud. luckily there wasn't a lot of movement there.Overall it was a very pleasant stay, unfortunately we didn't have time to check the restaurant for other than breakfast which was good though, and the decor there was really cool.	
Jan 3 2007 	Beautiful hotel killer restaurant dazed service	IF you can get a good rate here, 60 is your best boutique bet in NYC. Even the tiny rooms are on the stylish relatively comfy side, but I've been upgraded a few times, and the suites are great. Lobby is cool and fun- bar's a good scene (rooftop especially) - restaurant Kittichai is one of my favorite rooms anywhere and totally delicious. You cannot beat the location- just off of bustling West Broadway, so you don't step out into the madding SoHo crowds, but close to everything. I can't say that service really exists here, but they're not nasty or snotty, just kind of dizzy and uninterested.	
Dec 13 2006 	A Perfect hotel Stay at the 60 Thompson	My girlfiriend and I just got back from New York. The 60 Thompson was a great Hotel. The Neighborhood is a perfect getaway in the city of New York. The quiet street is also a plus. The room was small , however I am told that all New York Hotel rooms are small. The Room we got had no view which was a bummer, but it was very quiet. The staff was pretty friendly even in the hip bar/lounge on a Saturday night. The outside patio was closed for the winter(bummer). The Flatscreen TV was great, bed was comfy and cozy. All in all it was great Stay. I will be back.	
Dec 5 2006 	Freezing rooms	This property has a serious heating problem. The room was so cold despite repeated compliants I eventually contracted a cold. Decor was bland, staff were unhelpful and the business centre consists of a laptop sitting on the front desk. We had a much better and much hipper experience at Gramercy Park Hotel which scores poorer on Tripadvisor. Will not be visiting 60 Thompson if Gramecy or any other hip hotel for that matter has room. One very disappointed customer.	
Nov 28 2006	Great location	Meant to write this earlier. My stay at the 60 Thompson was for 3 nights early October. Checked in early so I had a room with no view. I agree with another review that said the plumbing was very noisy. It was heard throughout the night when people got in bed late. The gym was small and cramped with a few machines and you stare at mirrors or the small tv screes. There are no disinfectant sprays but a water cooler is availaber. The bar was great, delicious cocktails. Very mixed crowd on a Sunday night. Most of the time the concierge was not there so the front desk took all the calls. I borrowed a international transformer from them, but it took them a long time to find someone available to bring it upstairs. Other than that, it can be difficult to find a taxi during dinner hours with all the shoppers finishing their trip in Soho.	
Nov 21 2006 	Great room Soholocation but staff needs work	checked in to a clueless front desk that didn't know how to even work the computer. They managed to work it out and got me to my room after a little confusion. The room was actually great, I was a little concerned after reading reviews but it was a nice size and comfortable. It had a big flat screen tv and small couch in the corner. I was there for work and wished it had a better work area but the small table and chair did the trick. I called down to order room service and was told to call back later...? I did call back and ordered, food was great and there in 20 min. Like I said the hotel is good but the service is strange.The Soho area is great for high end shopping but pretty quite during the day. I found a great coffee place just up the street and their is Pizza on the corner. The door men were not very helpfull with bags unless you were a 6 ft blond but they did give some good advice on where to eat etc. The conciere is a joke and not much help.On check out the had the wrong rate and it took them 20 min to figure out how to make a change. They were confused again but I was not surprised. as an extra note note my housekeeper each day was a fantastic romainian woman who said good morning every day, folded anything I left out and volenteered to take my shoes to get them shined. I would have hired her to take care of my house.	
Nov 17 2006 	Eh It was just ok	My boyfriend and I stayed there this past weekend. We arrived at the hotel a little early and was told the room wasn’t ready and to come back. We were ok with this; after all, we were early. So we did. We came back 30 minutes after the check in time and were told it still was not ready. They suggested we go to the restaurant and have something to eat. So we did- only to be told at the restaurant that they weren’t serving lunch anymore (Shouldn’t the person at the desk know that?). So we went and sat in the lobby. We thought it was odd that the staff was totally unmoved by the fact that our room wasn’t ready. They just acted like it was totally normal. Our room was finally ready 45 minutes after the stated time, and we found it to be lackluster at best. The &quot;Superior Room King bedroom&quot; was very small- probably the smallest hotel room I've had. There was room for the bed and not much more. The room was also stuffy and hot. The windows in our room did not open, and the air conditioner did not work either. It was unseasonably warm during our stay and it would have been lovely to have had the option of not sweating in the room. The staff was not really interested in helping us- they really couldn’t have cared less about us. When the time came for us to leave, I called the front desk and asked for our car, which was parked in their valet lot (the only option for parking). About 15 minutes later we checked out. I went to the desk to pay the bill, while my boyfriend went to wait for the car. There was no store in the hotel, but there was a number of deli's around (it is, after all, new york). We had purchased a few bottles of water and juice for our room in order to avoid paying thru the nose for juice/water that had probably been in the mini bar for 6 months. However, at checkout, I had to defend myself- they were insistent that we took something from the mini bar- but she was unable to tell me what that was. I just checked my charge card- and have a mystery charge on there from the hotel for $6.50. I'm sure I'll spend that and more in long distance fighting this petty charge. Very frustrating.What was even more frustrating, however, was waiting an additional 45 minutes for the car. Despite calling and despite there being no one else waiting for a car- my boyfriend had to go back inside and ask again about the car. So- for some reason it’s at least an hour's wait for our car, which has me wondering where on earth did our car spend the night? Newark? It’s a mediocre hotel at best, but the problems we encountered and their indifferent staff had will likely prevent us from staying there again. They just didn’t seem to have it together.	
Nov 10 2006 	Bit of a disaster/Got better	Arrived to find the room with a bath and desk we'd booked wasn't available, but were told we'd get it next day (we were staying for a week). So we take the smaller room. Next day we're told we can change mid afternoon. Mid afternoon comes and goes. I drop down to find out what's happening. I tell a woman at the desk who tells another woman, who goes 'whatever.' Now, she doesn't know I'm there, but still... An hour later I'm shown to a room that's smaller than the one we've just left, smells damp, has a wet floor and joins to another room. Someone's playng rap next door.I don't even bother to unpack.When my partner returns (she's out and made the booking in her name), she drops down to talk to the desk. She gets a guy, he gets us a new room. Everything is fine, except 'whatever' doesn't even look at us for the rest of the week.The new lobby bar looks good, though. Less of a scene going on...	
Nov 10 2006 	Too cool for school in Soho	60 Thompson is a lovely hotel. The sumptious yet minimalist decor was fab, the room really large for NY and very comfortable, with a huge bathroom filled with great goodies (all made by Fresh, a very indulgent range that I subsequently purchased to remind me of my stay!).The Thom Bar is my favourite bar in the city, it is dark, moody, achingly trendy and totally decadent (and of course the prices reflect that), but it really gave us the flavour of being in the thick of the world's hippest city - fabulous!!There are two downsides for me - the bathroom plumbing is horrendous and it sounded like someone banging a crow bar against our cystern, the other is purely personal. When I visit NY, a big part of my experience is to be woken by taxi horns and to fall out of your hotel in the morning and be surrounded by skyscrapers, none of which you will find at 60 Thompson. This, however, may be the very reason someone else may book this hotel as it's in the heart of one of NY's funkiest areas but is very quiet, especially at the weekend.All in all though, would I stay again? You bet your life I would!!	
Sep 29 2006 	Go glam in NY	I have just returned from NY where I stayed at 60 Thompson for 3 nights. What a fab place and I really did feel at home. The hotel is in a perfect location - lots of cool shops and restos. The rooms are cosy and I felt at home - loved the cheeky brownie on your pillow at night - nice touch!. Most of the staff were friendly. Access to the roof top bar is a bonus - we swigged champagne and admired the views as well as the cute bar mangager. All in all a good stay - I will be back soon.	
Sep 9 2006 	Soggy night	We needed a place for a one night stay in the Soho area. The hotel looks nice and our room was nice; however, when we returned from the reception, my backpack which was on the floor in a corner, was soaked through (luckily there wasn't much in it) - there was a leak under the carpet in the corner of the room and the carpet was all wet. We called the management and they apologized, but couldn't move us to another room and didn't offer any sort of compensation for the problem. I expected better for the proce tag of this hotel.	
Sep 5 2006	A Rare Luxury in NYC	I just returned from my second stay at 60 Thom, and it was just as enjoyable the second time. When I arrived, I was extremely surprised and impressed to find that Michael, the doorman, remembered me from my last visit, some 8 months prior. With a big smile and warm welcome, he and his colleague Jordan, took care of my car and bags and made me feel right at home. I have been to many other boutique hotels in NY, and more often than not, they seem to think that a snooty, aloof staff is somehow a mark of their exclusivity. Not at 60 Thom, where the staff are genuinely friendly and warm and helpful and welcoming, a rare luxury in NYC. The room was very nice, understated in it's modern design... not trying too hard. Little touches like heavy crystal drinking glasses, a beautiful large flat-screen tv, beautiful leather wall tiles, and ultra-comfortable beds make the room warm and inviting. An iron in the room would have been nice, however. The roofdeck is also a great amenity; hip scene with lots of sexy international types. All in all, I would definitely return to 60 Thom ... in fact, I promised Michael that I would. Now, I just have to hope that I can find a good rate on Quikbook when I return, because the regular rates are a bit pricey.	
Sep 5 2006 	Will never go back	My husband and I stayed for two nights in this hotel and we were very dissapointed. We had booked the room a month in advance and requested a non smoking room, and what did we get, a smoking room.....just great. The room was stinking, my husband called the reception to change the room and of course they were full.....the standard answer. He then asked to speak to the manager on duty who implied that we had made the mistake and did not request non smoking and that she could not help us in any way. The room was $450 a night, this must pay for the trendy uniforms the staff were wearing....surely not for the managers salary. After a heated converstion miracously they found another room....what's the chances eh. Why could they not have just done that in the first place. We had dinner there as it was now 10.30pm and after dinner we went to the bar. We were met at the bar door by another ex model who asked if we had requested a seat in the bar? We had no idea such a thing was needed, we informed her that we were residents but hey, ho......not good enough. There was a large table empty and when we pointed this out we were informed that it was kept vacant incase a &quot;VIP&quot; should arrive, not for the likes of us.I love good looking hotels and good looking people but this hotel was just too shallow for me. Will never return to 60 Thompson.	
Aug 25 2006 	Great but not fantastic!	Just returned from a three night stay in a King Suite at 60 Thompson (booked on Quikbook). We were at first slightly surprised to be checking in at the front desk which seemed to be in the middle of the bar area and very loud. But we had a room on 6th floor which was quiet (relative to NY) despite being across from the elevator and facing the street. King Suite was not much of a suite as it only accommodated a small sitting area just adequate for a sofa and table in addition to the bedroom. However we loved the balcony which was the length of the living room and bedroom, we never used the A/C as we could open balcony door in both rooms. Bathroom was very disappointing for a hotel of this standard (no storage place, music or TV in the bathroom). Very little storage place in the room for clothes. Overall the room was finished to a low standard with IKEA quality furniture. The hotel personnel was very friendly at all times and the concierge was helpful at printing from the web once he was not familiar with the location himself. We visited the rooftop lounge twice, which had a nice view but terrible service. Location is fantastic! I would not mind staying at 60 Thompson again, however given the shortcomings listed above and that this is not the only boutique hotel in NY I will try to stay at a different hotel next time.	
Jul 24 2006 	Not bad- but sparse for the price	I recently spent a weekend at 60 Thompson. When I lived in NY, I spent alot of time at the bar there, so I knew what to expect as far as a the vibe, and the location. The hotel definitely does not disappoint in that regard. The problem I had was with the room itself. I booked a king suite, and even with a significant discount from Quikbook, the room was still very expensive, in addition to being quite small. I typically stay uptown, and for only a little more, you can stay in a suite at the Peninsula, with far superior space, service and amenities. Overall, 60 Thompson was fun, but not worth the price. Plus, they really need to renovate the rooms.	
Jul 18 2006	Wonderful...Perfect Location	This was me and my husband's first time visiting New York. We were unsure of where to stay. We just knew we wanted to be close to restaurants and shopping. EVERYONE walks in New York. So put your walking shoes on. When we arrived at 60 Thompson I was extremely impressed. This boutique hotel is super sheek and elegant. The service was magnificent. The location is PERFECT. Its close to everything. When you a walk out of the hotel there are boutiques everywhere and a ton of eating places. The hotel is only a couple of blocks away from Broadway where a lot of the major clothing and shoe stores are located. We could not have a picked a more perfect hotel. There is also a roof top bar that is ultra hip and has a beautiful view of the city. When we return to New York we will certainly stay here again. Also the rooms are pretty pricey but we got a good deal by booking it on Quickbook. It cut the price of the room in half.	
Jul 16 2006	Glamorous boutique hotel great service top location	You can spend a lot of money on a hotel that cliams to be an unber cool boutique hotel in downtown manhattan and be very disappointed. Whilst 60 Thompson is not cheap, you do get good value. We booked ahead of time and got a deal on a room that was much bigger than the normal shoe box you get in major cities. The decor is very cool and up to the minute. Big bathroom with delicious products. Great food from room service. Impeccable service from the staff. The big selling point in the summer is the stunning roof terrace bar which is very comfortable, intimate and has amazing views of the manhattan skyline. The hotel is in a fantatstic location a couple of blocks from broadway in the heart of the lively SoHo district.	
Jul 11 2006	Great Location Disappointed with Service	My wife and I booked a room at 60 Thompson to celebrate our one year anniversary. I must first say that we were looking for a place in the heart of the village, and it will be tough to beat the location and atmosphere of 60 Thompson. My main grievance comes with the staff. We had booked a King Deluxe smoking room for the night. We checked in, (they did mention Happy Anniversary) and were shown to our room. The hardwood floors and bathroom were great. We right away noticed it was not a smoking room so I called the front desk to confirm. They relayed to us that in fact it was not a smoking room, but they would send someone up right away with keys to our new room. When we entered the new room, I was shocked. No hard wood floors, tiny bathroom, tiny room. I asked if it was in fact a King Deluxe room and they said they had none of those available in smoking. I was a little disappointed, what happened to the room I had booked, did they give it away? I was told we were moved to a lower level room due to availability. I then mentioned that there must be a rate differance since it was a lower level room, and I was given no cooperation on this and my request for an explanation was denied as they danced around the reason. I had in my hand proof of a guarenteed King Deluxe Smoking room. I ended up paying that rate for a Queen Superior room. Most days I would have let it slide, but on my anniversary, I was dissapointed.As stated before, the location is wonderful and right smack in the middle of the village, close to everything. I have stayed in many hotels in NYC and this was very disappointing in terms of service. Next time I will stay in the Mercer or SoHo Grand. I have stayed in both before, and regret trying out 60 Thompson on such a special night. You may enjoy the roof top bar, it was nice for a drink or tow, bu the heartbeat of the village is down on the street, not in the &quot;members and gusest only&quot; rooftop bar. You may find you check in on a day where the staff is on top of their game, but at those prices, they should be on top of their game everytime, every guest, especially those celebrating special occasions. You will be guarenteed service each and every time at the other two village hotels mentioned above.	
Jul 10 2006	Fantastic location restaurant.	Very luxurious, primely located hotel plum in the middle of Soho - great restaurants abound (including the one on site!) and even better shopping! Very pricey, but worth it for a splurge on a night or two - cramped rooms as is typical of that area - but modernly decorated and the service is fantastic - I pinched a nerve in my back an hour before I was due to leave the hotel and the city and the concierge made a plan faster than lightning, booked me into a nearby spa for emergency massage and called a taxi for me. Really was impressed - and if it wasnt for her, I'd have had a nightmarish 20 hour flight home! Very cool place, day of arrival Vogue was executing a fashion shoot in the foyer - you know you're in new york :)	
Jul 9 2006	Diamond in Soho	60 Thompson is a great hotel. The rooms, while small (most hotel rooms in NYC are small anyway), are well appointed and comfortable. Each room has a nice flat panel television, a comfotable bed, and an excellent bathroom. My only complaint is that rooms are given out based upon when you checked in (unless you reserve a suite); therefore, you could feasibly get stuck in a smoking room...but it is not that bad.One of the best features of this hotel is its bars. The rooftop bar is absolutely fabulous!! Unbelievable views and great drinks. As they say...it is &quot;the place to see and be seen.&quot; Try their mixed berry Mohito.Another benefit of this hotel is that it is centrally located in Soho. Bars and restaurants are at your fingertips.The staff is very friendly. They helped me out with a variety of issues.I would definately stay at this hotel again. I had a wonderful stay.	
Jul 4 2006	...thumbs up across the board.	We live in NJ and stay in the city from time-to-time to get some time away from the kids. We usually stay at a different place each time, Soho Grand, Righa Royale. This was the first time at 60 Thompson. We paid $299/nt for a King Deluxe (room #83)... Room was of a decent size (for NYC &quot;boutique) with enough room for a sofa with coffee table, lounge chair and work desk... Great bathroom (though no bath tub). Good size and very clean. Overall, everything was super clean and well kept...Staff was great. Professional, courteous, yet approachable and &quot;real&quot;. Not pulling a muscle to push that 'elite' vibe...Location is perfect. In the middle of SOHO on a quiet block...Both the restaurant (Kittichai) and 2nd floor bar were top notch. Restaurant was actually very reasonably priced, can't say the same for the bar, but both delivered great experiences...Overall, we will stay there each time we go to the city. I was just very comfortable with every aspect of the stay. Unlike lots of boutique hotels nowadays that deliver an inconsistent experience, 60 Thompson pulled it off...	
Jun 14 2006	cool hotel great service	Stayed for a long weekend in a deluxe king size room and thoroughly enjoyed everything about it. We arrived early and found we could check in without delay. Our room was of a good size for New York and the only small criticism was a couple of cigarette burns on the carpet. However, everything else was of a high standard with a smart bathroom and the bed was extremely comfortable.We had reserved a table in the hotel restaurant for our first night and this was confirmed to us on check in. The meal itself was excellent as was the service. In fact we found the service to be second to none throughout our stay from all of the staff and could not fault this at all. At night we came back to the room to find the bed turned down and a plate of miniature pastries and brownies, together with bottled water and ice, left for us.The two bars in the hotel, the Thom Bar and Rooftop, were both great and we spent most time in the Thom Bar which was always busy with a cool vibe. My wife also took a particular liking to the Lychee martinis which are something of a speciality here.All in all we had a great stay and would definitely return.	
May 30 2006	Super Cool 60 Thompson	My fiance and I stayed 2 nights in the 60 Thompson in the last week in May 2006 and it is definitely the place to be.We stayed in a deluxe double which was comfortable and clean with a massive flat screen TV, fully stocked mini bar and some lovely toiletries in the bathroom.The hotel has a guests only, roof top bar which has some fantastic views over the Manhattan skyline. You can clearly see the Empire State building and watching the sunset from here is truly idyllic. The hotel is slap bang in the middle of Soho which is teeming with trendy bars, resturants and boutique shops. It is also within walking distance of the Spring Street subway and Broadway and the shopping is great so have your credit card handy!This hotel, however, will always have a special place in my heart as my boyfriend chose the hotel's roof top bar to propose to me. The hotel staff, who were in on the secret, were great. They brought champagne and generally treated us like royalty. We finished our evening in a small resturant across the street from the hotel called the Country Cafe. The lady who ran the place was lovely and when she heard our news, she promptly brought more champagne!The concierge service downstairs was invaluable as after a hard days shopping, you can forget wading through the guide book for a nice place to eat. They can recommend some great local places and fill you in what's happening locally. They also helped us out with transport back to the airport.The hotel also has its own resturant but we did not eat here. It also has a bar called Thom which is open to the public and is supposed to be very highly rated (we didn't actually go as we spent our evenings on the roof top.)No breakfast included in the price but there are delis a plenty in the local area and a great pizza place, Ben's Pizza, at the top of the street.A great place to stay.	
Mar 28 2006	Fantastic hotel great location!	My husband and I just returned from a long weekend in New York and a fantastic stay at 60 Thompson, I can't rate it highly enough! The staff were great and very helpful, and our room was fantastic, and ready for us when we arrived on Thursday morning. We had dinner at Kittichai on our first night (try the chocolate ribs!) which was delicious. We had never been to NY before and the location of the hotel was so perfect, close to all the great shops and some fantastic restaurants. We can't wait to go back to 60 Thompson and are hoping to make it an annual event, we really wouldn't consider staying anywhere else!	
Feb 22 2006	Funky cool if you have a few bucks to spend	I have to admit that I was a little turned off by the fact that we had to wait for our room to be ready (at 6pm at night), and being told that we were being given a free upgrade which turned out to be false. Add to that we had a room that smelled like smoke all night long (it was a non-smoking room but must have been beside a smoking room), and I probably wouldn't go back to this hotel for it's price (nearly $400 Canadian with taxes).All the bad out of the way now, I have to say this hotel has got it all if you don't mind the price. The rooms are incredible. We love the flat screen tv, comfy bed, and stylish bathroom. The lounge is so hot and trendy we felt like celebs having some pre-dinner appetizers and drinks. The food, by the way, is out of this world there too!! Breakfast in the restaurant was top notch. Can't complain about atmosphere, location (soho!), nor the food.	
Jan 3 2006	great location but.....	Excellent concierge team.Rooms a little shabier this time round. A non- matching and badly marked chest of drawers seemed at odds with the design focus to which the welcome pack alluded. Maintaining the design focus is a challenge which needs continuing investment and it is not clear whether this is recognised.Returning to the room at 2pm and after 4pm to find the room unmade was disappointing. Reception seemed surprised I found this substandard. The only staff visit to the room was to check the minibar which seemed a misplaced service priority. Having a room prepared before dark does not seem an excessive requirement particularly when vacant since early morning.The fact that I have not received a reply to my note to the manager makes me question whether feedback is valued or whether it is perceived to be important to say that it is.At just under 500USD per night it could have been better. The reviewer who paid 200USD got the bargain.	
Jan 2 2006	Overall Great Stay	Stayed 4 nights in mid December in what seemed to be pre-holiday peak season. Deluxe King ran 440-440 per night. WHAT I LIKED: Friendly seemingly genuine service. There is a hip attitude pervading the place, as evidenced with the photo shoot occurring in the bar upon our arrival, but we were almost always greeted with warm smiles and very friendly service. The one exception that comes to mind was the concierge desk; they seemed disorganized and hassled, and offered curt responses to requests. Just avoid them.I like smaller sized properties, and this was just perfect in that regard. I also liked the residential feel to the place; it was like staying at a hip friends pied a terre. Room was thoughtfully designed and reasonably sized. Good-sized well-designed marble bathroom with solid water pressure and temperature regulation. Bed was very comfortable, but wouldn't call it memorable. Sheets may be Frette, but really just standard hotel line with a few noticable repairs. Towels were pretty standard and not Frette. Twice a day service kept towels replenished and room in order, but they were slightly skimped on Fresh sugar toiletries.Didn't eat at the property...too many good options nearby. Of note is that Aquagrill is VERY near. And so are Kee's Chocolates!Fantastic location for shopping and exploring. SOHO is in many ways one big mall, which sounds kind of sad, but it's not that bad.WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE:Room was more skuffed up than I would have liked. Although room 88 was relatively quiet, imperfect seal of windows let it a bit of noise. Spot on chair and marks on furniture were too noticeable. Although visually appealing, some furnishing were of so-so quality, but certainly not as bad as W chain.Location not great for finding available taxis easily. Consider car service. Several Spring St subway stations are nearby, as is Dean and Deluca, which is great.All in all, I would stay here again at a better rate. Perhaps need to try Mercer for comparison.	
Dec 23 2005	Best in Soho 1/3 the price of Mercer!	I was skeptical, but the staff, service and GREAT beds won me over. I paid $189 on a holiday special, and got upgraded on check-in to a Deluxe King. First of all, let me say that I am young and supposedly hip, that is to say I am Jason Pomeranc (that's Pomerantz)'s key demographic. That settled, Mr. Pomeranc's people know what they are doing. My stay at 60 Thompson kicked off what turned out to be the better part of a long weekend in New York during the transit strike. I stayed at two other hotels, my usual Westin Essex House and the Sheraton New York for the last (emergency) night. I had just spent a week in Canada, so I was a bit weary of hotel-hopping. From the moment I arrived at 60 Thom, I was treated like family. Check in was a breeze, and considering I had a ton of luggage from my week's travels to bring in, the bellman was as cool as could be. I only detected an air of snobbery on one of the bellmen who, thankfully, was pretending to be uninterested in another set of guests. I have a sinking feeling that during a certain time of year, they hire a number of people who can't help having a certain attitude that tends to put off some guests. Moving on...My room, #93 on the ninth floor, faced east toward Soho as all the Deluxe Kings do. The dark hardwood floors and stark furniture give the room a loft feel, especially when you open the windows and let the wind blow the curtains. My first gripe was practical: there isn't enough darn closet space! My closet must have been on a structural column or something because there wasn't one but two areas where it was about 4&quot; deep - barely enough room for a hanging suitcase and clothes and two hotel bathrobes. The king bed was great, just a massive white cloud ready for the magic to happen on its extremely comfortable mattress. The slick 42&quot; plasma screen TV came equipped with a DVD player and separate aiwa CD stereo, and they even gave me a cable to connect my laptop to the TV speakers, so I could play whatever music I wanted. This is something they wouldn't do at any of the other hotels I stayed at this trip. As for the rest...well...the &quot;couch&quot; made a nice luggage bench, and the big leather chair had no desk so it became a clothes hangar. Ah well, the bed made up for either. The bathroom, with its black-marble walls looked nice, but was just a basic shower...although the shampoo by 'fresh' was very good. All in all, the room was beautiful, but I would have added a sexy Aeron chair and a good working desk. I could definitely live full-time in one of these rooms. One evening, when I wanted to dine in my room but not pay room service over-prices, the front desk gladly gave me a laminated menu book of all local restaurants that deliver. In the case that a restaurant didn't deliver, I was gladly told that they would send someone to pick anything up in the neighborhood. Now, that I haven't seen in a hotel before. This place surprised me. The public areas are well designed and well-kept (although I didn not try the bar and restaurant), the rooms are classic SoHo, and the service is r e a l...all these factors make 60 Thompson an ideal bet, especially if you can get a rate under $200. If they charge you over $300-400, I'd really consider splurging ont the Mercer.	
Dec 19 2005	It might be marvellous but there's something in the detail	Lovely quiet and well designed rooms (though the usual lack of attention to details - scuff marks on the walls, stains on carpets and furnishings - so hey everyone, there's a business here for hotel detailing because so few places do it!), excellent service and a great location. But for the price, you would expect that rooms would be pristine.	
Dec 16 2005	So-So in SOHO	In a city where you can $100 a night for a bunk bed, value for money is always pot luck in New York. Yet we still had high hopes when we decided to splash out on a $500 room at 60 Thompson for our weekend away. Entering the lobby we were greeted by a mysterious smell that seemed to be a mixture of body odour and alcohol that may have wafted in from the hotel bar. At check-in, the staff were extremely friendly, courteous and welcoming as we were informed that due to a number of late check-outs that our room wasn't ready, but a complimentary drink kept us happy during the half hour wait.Our room was a superior queen located on the 3rd floor, which although very clean and well-maintained, was very cosy. It was also not that well insulated as we later found out when the DJ started in the bar directly below us. The heating/cooling problem often mentioned in other reviews was also apparent with a delicate balance being struck with a partially opened window to avoid dehydration.We both sampled from the room service menu throughout the stay and while the food from the in-house restaurant was very nice, we were shocked to find that after adding an 18% gratuity and a $3 delivery charge the bill still had space left for our own tip, something I have never experienced in any other hotel I have visited. After spending $500 per night, we were also surprised that breakfast was an extra and the novelty of a Dean &amp; Deluca stocked minibar certainly wears off when you could walk two blocks to the actual store and pay half the price.60 Thompson is a sleek hotel, in a great SOHO location with very friendly staff, however when it comes to value for money it left a lot to be desired.	
Dec 16 2005	One night's stay	Stayed one cold night in December. Room was nice and well decorated with a fancy shower but no tub. Lobby and bar were really nice, the room came close but was relatively small and unfortunately was supposed to be non-smoking but from the burns on the floor and the smell on the phone was obviously for smoking. A bit noisy too, caused by an adjacent occupant. Overall, pretty good.	
Dec 14 2005	Cool Thompson	Just returned from a 4 night stay, arrived to find a full on Vogue photo-shoot taking place - it's that sort of place!! Our room on the 12th floor was well proportioned and was quiet, our only criticism was that we only had a shower, unfortunately no bath.Whilst the Thompson has a cool vibe it is not a cold unwelcoming place, the staff are friendly and the service was particularly good in the Thom Bar. We had previuosly stayed in large uptown hotels, this is the complete opposite - we loved exploring SOHO and surrounding areas. PS A few doors up from the hotel is the Thompson Cafe(not related to hotel), it is small, quaint and great for a latte, breakfast or a light lunch.	
Nov 25 2005	Outstanding!!	My wife and i recently stayed at the property(albeit one night). It was recommended by a friend and we were glad we did. From the time of our EARLY check-in on a Saturday during a busy weekend in late November to the time of checkout, everything was wonderful. I found the staff to be over-the-top nice, and considering my MANY trips to the city, I found it most unusual. I dont think we ever touched a bag or opened a door the ENTIRE time. They also proceeded to send us up a comp. chilled bottle of FINE sake. And about an hour later a chilled comp. bottle of Vos water, and about the time we were talking about that, there came ANOTHER knock at the door with some amazing sweets and a menu of their restaurant (definately a must try). So anyone related to 60 Thompson reading this....GREAT JOB!......we WILL return.P.S Thanks Martin	
Nov 24 2005	Average	Lots of positives - bathrooms are fantastic, staff were very, very helpful, bar was great, free wireless and a great location. But we had problems with the aircon as it has been switched off for the Fall and Winter but we were staying in early November during a very warm spell. For one night, it was too hot to sleep and we were considering checking out. It was only after we (and others) complained enough times that the aircon was switched back on. The room was also very small and painted beige, so it didn't look a lot different to a cheap motel room. The walls were also very thin. Another disappointment was the roof top bar which is closed for the Fall and the Winter, even though the weather was very warm.	
Nov 3 2005	a gem!...	Just had a quick trip to NYC, busy with appointments, rendezvous and shopping....found 60 Thompson to be a wonderful oasis. It has a calm and quiet feel in a bustling neighbourhood, with great restaurants and shops in abundance just steps away...love the area!The staff, fom beginning to end were friendly, helpful and ever-smiling.....didn't see a bit of the &quot;too cool&quot; commented on in another review.We were more than pleasantly surpised by an upgrade to a luxurious suite, with a terrace with breathtaking views....I can't comment on other rooms/sizes etc..... but must say that this was beautifully appointed,spare but comfortable. I would assume that all bathrooms have the same lovely products, good and plentiful towels, thick robes....bed linens by Frette. There were gorgeous fresh flowers throughout the suite....and I saw a cart in the hallway,filled with vases of fresh orchids, making deliveries to other rooms.Room service was prompt on one occasion and rather slow on another, but staff were extremely apologetic....busy breakfast hour. The appetizers available from their restaurant were delicious,unusual and arrived piping hot and nicely presented....breakfast was more on the ordinary side, but fresh and again nicely presented.I'd happily stay here again!	
Oct 18 2005	Very pleasant!	We just returned from a 5 day stay at 60 Thompson and we loved it ! Our deluxe king room was quite spacious, nicely furnished and had an incredibly comfortable bed. Staff was extremely friendly, helpful and efficient. We had dinner twice in our room and once at Kittichai and the dishes were always delicious. All in all, everything was perfect. But when I pay 480 $/night, this is also what I expect. 60 Thompson is a really great place to stay downtown (better than the Mercer where we stayed last year).	
Aug 24 2005	A Great Experience	We just returned from a 5 day break at 60 Thompson. Last year we stayed at the Hudson where I can testify that the rooms are really, really small. You coudn't swing a cat in them let alone store your luggage! You get what you pay for I know but the rooms at 60 Thompson were great (We paid $290 dollars a night). Rooms were large, spacious with a great bathroom - all in all a pleasure to stay in. The location of the hotel couldn't be better for being in the heart of it and wandering around trying all the local bars, restaurants and shopping without having to rely on cabs or the subway. I also thought the decor was in line with what you would expect of a luxury 4* plus hotel. It was very tastefully furnished in a dark wood/oriental style with great design touches such as the 60's Ericofons everywhere and gorgeous floral displays. We had plenty of Mojitos in Thom's Bar and up on the roof terrace as the weather was HOT. We also dined at Kittichai more than once - the monkfish curry was amazing! All in all the service was great and friendly enough for us. The only downside I thought was that because the general public visit the bars as much as the residents, on 2 or 3 nights of our stay the roof terrace and/or Thom's Bar were closed for Private Parties leaving hotel guests to sit and drink in the foyer. They may have opened up later but we didn't wait around to find out. All in all though, a great place in the heart of Soho and I would recommend a short break here.	
Aug 23 2005	Cool Calm and Collected	If you want to stay downtown but apart from Wall Street, you do not have many choices. 60 Thompson is one of the best. Located in the heart of Soho, but on a fairly quiet street, this hotel gives you a certain &quot;zen&quot; hotel experience. The rooms are designed with panache, and the bar and restaurant have become local scenes. The service, while somewhat aloof, is very professional and competent. 60 Thompson is an excellent downtown hotel experience especially if you want to hang with the Euro hip.	
Aug 2 2005	Had a GREAT stay. Not perfect but great.	My wife and I had an excellent 3 day stay at 60 Thompson. We paid a rate of $279/night via Quickbook, and got every penny's worth.The front desk staff was bright and friendly...the concierge cheerful and well informed...and the bell staff prompt and efficient.The first 2 days were practically flawless.Our room was just as hip and stylish as you'd expect in a hotel of this flavor...and was roomy by NY standards (just about the size of a 'regular' room in most areas of the country). The bed and linens were outstanding! The bathroom was spacious, clean, and well appointed.We made a quick trip up to the rooftop bar, which was very vibey with a nice view. We didn't eat at the hotel's Thai restaurant, but it was packed nightly with quite a posh crowd.Arguably, the Thompson's best attribute is it's location! We love Soho, and the Thompson is steps away from anything and everything of interest in the area (Noho/Nolita/Greenwich Village/Canal St/Little Italy/Chinatown), yet feels slightly removed from all the hustle and bustle.There was really only one negative in our 60 Thompson experience. On our last morning there, we woke up to an inordinate amount of banging and clanging by the housekeeping staff. This was at about 8:30am. We were annoyed, but it didn't significantly taint our overall experience.60 Thompson has definitely become our Soho headquarters, and we're looking forward to our next stay!	
Jul 28 2005 	Great boutique hotel	Recently stayed at 60 Thompson for business and pleasure. It is well located in Soho and my room was more than adequate. Dinner at the hotel's restaurant was delicious and provided great people watching. I found the staff throughout the hotel to be quite friendly and helpful. The only reason I did not rate this as an &quot;Excellent&quot; hotel is that it has no business center at all. Also, my room did not have a tub. Between the Soho Grand and 60 Thompson, I would choose whichever hotel gives you a better price; they are both great hotels.	
Jun 29 2005	A complete disappointment	Our 3 day stay was to celebrate our first wedding anniversary and to round off a 2 week stay in the USA. Feel utterly ripped off and totally regret choosing the hotel. The only positive thing we felt about it was the location, which was fantastic.Issue 1:Took ages to check in, a very luke warm welcome. We'd been so excited about staying there and this reception dampened our spirits somewhat.Issue 2: We decided to splash out and stay in one of the so-called larger rooms at $500 per night, which was one of the smallest rooms I've ever stayed in. We had to store our suitcases elsewhere as they wouldn't fit in the room. That was after the wrong cases were delivered to our room...Issue 3: Very hot room, which was confusing as the hotel had air-conditioning. We had to phone down and ask someone why it was so hot. &quot;oh yeah, that's because the air com system has blown out, it might be fixed later..&quot; Interesting that no-one had told us this when we checked in. The air con started working about 6 hours later.Issue 4: This is a big one, and one which we pointed out to the staff. On our second day we waited about 5 minutes for the elevator to take us from the 9th floor to street level. Giving up on waiting we decided to walk down the fire escape, which wasn't a big problem until we hit the 2nd floor and could go no further as there was a pile of furniture blocking our path. Undeterred we walked back up a floor and found another fire escape on the other side of the building. Alas, on the 2nd floor this was stacked up with crates. Which we had to lift up and move to get out. Really glad there wasn't a fire or we would have all been in trouble. The hotel were acting illegally by blocking these fire escapes and I was disgusted by their lack of consideration for guests. Issue 5:Just a general note on the tedious staff and their 'too cool for school' attitude, got very boring after a while and made our stay uncomfortable We had a fantastic time in NY, but felt absolutely ripped off, we paid $500 per night and had a thoroughly annoying experience. It's not even that exciting as a 'style hotel', and we're stayed at enough of these in our time to have a pretty good benchmark.	
Jun 28 2005	Impressed	Great little hotel on a quiet street in Soho. Gorgeous room, got upgraded to a King. Bathroom sumptuous and slick. Great view, both in the room and via the skyline cam on the flatscreen TV. Staff, with the exception of just one chilly front desk clerk, was friendly and helpful. Rooftop bar was gorgeous and fun. Only one negative: very loud toilets. Irritating, day and especially night. I would stay there again, and plan to in the coming weeks.	
Jun 15 2005	What a hotel	I read some reviews posted about this hotel before we left but after we had booked that almost made me want to cancel. I’M SO GLAD I DIDN’T! This hotel is a hive of activity and the roof top bar / sun lounge is something to behold, but the guest rooms are only accessible via your room card so they stay safe and quiet. Location is great for soho and taxis are easy to come by to go “uptown”. Coming from London and with the strong exchange rate the prices are acceptable and the staff are not rude (as I had read elsewhere) rather helpful and knowledgeable. In all a really great location if you don’t want the hustle and bustle of staying on 5th and keeps the great atmosphere of soho.	
Jun 13 2005	Nice but expensive	Just got back from a weekend at 60 Thompson. I was quite satisfied with the hotel, but I would not call it a great value. The entrance and lobby are lovely, but the rooms are very small. The sofa and chair look a little comical in such a small space. The location was great. Restaurant Barolo on the same block was fabulous!The concierge was very helpful. If $$ is no concern, I would recommend this.	
May 25 2005	way overrated	My family stayed at 60 Thompson after hearing from everyone it was a great hotel and the best place to stay downtown, very chic and cool. Wow, we were sooo underwhelmed. Our rooms were tiny, with no amenities to speak of. The view of a brick wall was less than stunning, and the comfort level all in all, average at best. I had stayed at the Gaansevort a year ago and would recommend it over 60 Thompson. One day my daughter and I were asked to leave the lobby at 6pm because there was a private party. We couldn't go in the lobby! The staff was nice, that is the only thing about the hotel that was good. I guess if I was Russell Crowe, I could get a great room.  I can't tell you enough how uncool this cool hotel is.	
May 17 2005	a sanctuary in the city	From the moment you pull up to the entrance of 60 thompson you know you will not be disappointed. Upon entering the hotel we were greeted by a very friendly and professional doorman.The entrance can be a little confusing because there are 2 lobbies. The ground floor had these lovely fragrant votive candles. The young lady who greeted us here was also very polite and directed us to the &quot;check-in&quot; lobby located one floor up. The room itself was heavenly. If you are used to NY standards with regards to space then you will not be disappointed. If you are someone who loves large rooms, then you may want to find another hotel. We found the room sufficient. It was a King superior room, which we got for $175/night - a total steal! The only down side was that the roof top lounge was not open because the weather was not warm enough and there were some renovations taking place. None of which bothered us at all.Also the bathroom was spectacular - even took digital pictures of it so I could redo my own personal restroom at home.The lounge down stairs was also very nice. It was very mellow, more of either a pre or post party place to have a drink.For a place that was so trendy it had no attitude problem, like most of the other NY hotels. (The front desk staff brought me a new toothbrush when i told them i forgot mine.) They were also helpful in recommending a nice massage parlour and made the booking themselves.Besides all that, the hotel is located in the best part of the city. I have lived in Manhattan and if I could ever afford it, I would live in Soho! It is close to lots of restaurants and boutiques. And it's just a beautiful area to walk around. If you have never been to NY then this place will give you the best opinion of the city.You can't go wrong with this place - seriously.	
May 3 2005	Excellent location great Hotel	After an initial mix up on arrival, they only had us booked for one night and seemed fairly adamant on having us stay for 1 night, despite our email confirmation for 3 nights (from Jan 2005), we were then given the wrong room (2 beds, slightly smaller than doubles), the assistant manager, arranged our booked room, a King Deluxe for the following 2 nights, deducted $100 off our bill and sent up a bottle of champagne to our room, a nice touch, although we would have rather had it right from the start, the bar is a really cool place to be, and the restaurant looks nice, although we didn't eat there. the location is fantastic, a great place to be for shopping, site seeing, drinking and eating. 10/10 in our opinion.	
Mar 14 2005	Great place	I took my wife on a surprise long weekend away to New York for our first wedding anniversary, and so wanted something pretty special. I did a lot of research into hotels/areas and agonised for ages about where to stay. Despite its mixed reviews, I finally settled on 60 Thompson. I have to say I wasn't disappointed. It was our first trip to NYC and a New Yorker friend of mine had urged me to stay in SoHo. This was great advice as the area was fantastic - brilliant atmosphere, excellent shopping, etc. You can walk up to all the tourist spots, but then retreat to the calm of SoHo. I would strongly recommend SoHo to anyone visiting NYC.As I was sitting in the cab from JFK to Manhattan, I was getting a little nervous about the hotel.........after all the mixed reviews about the staff, etc. However, the reception staff could not have been more helpful (yes, they're all great looking, but no harm in that!). Ditto for all the staff - very friendly, helpful and professional. Having been there, I'm really surprised by the comments in other reviews.The hotel design is very cool, but actually really cosy/intimate. Much more intimate than SoHo Grand, where we went for drinks one night. The room was very good, although oddly, there was about an inch gap between the carpet and the door to the room - same applied to all the other rooms. We eventually put one of our bathrobes on the floor to block out the light from the corridor!Anyway, we really enjoyed out stay and would certainly recommend.	
Feb 21 2005	Bizarre service	Stayed for 3 night here in a King Deluxe in February 2005. First some positives. Fantastic location in the heart of soho. Round the corner from great shops, cafes and restaurants. The hotel's design is great, and our room was very nice. We got a special offer through quikbook, and paid $250 per night, which was good value in my view. We ate in the bar one night, and the food was very good. Ate from the thai tapas menu, and although pricey, the food was very nice. Despite the quality of the room, and the hotel in general, the staff are really quite unique. My first experience of the 60's staff was when the bell boy carried our bags to our room. I tipped him $10, he said thanks, and he left. So far so good. Within ten minutes, i had reason to go downstairs, where I bumped into the guy holding my $10. I said &quot;how are you&quot;? to which he replied by looking at me as if I had ------ in his cornflakes. You may think he didn't hear me, but I can assure you, he was right next to me, and heard loud and clear. The point I'm trying to make, is that the staff at this hotel have so much attitude, it's unreal. The guys on the door show little interest in opening doors. The reception staff can't even bring themselves to raise their eyes to speak to you, prefering to conduct a conversation whist looking at their computer. It's strange this, as they were quick to respond to other requests. For example I asked for an adoptor to charge my phone and they were very prompt. It seems to be only in face to face discussions, that they disgrace themselves.A genuinely bizarre experience dealing with the staff here. A great hotel, hence the high review mark, but try to enjoy it without interacting with the staff.	
Feb 21 2005 	Not Quite There	Usually stay at the Soho Grand around the corner, but tried this place because of the location and web site, that promised similar lodgings.Good points: - free broadband internet - all-marble bath with nice marble shower stall - nice room layout, even in smallest room, with sofa - 24 hour room service - DVD player Bad points: - DVD player did not work - called housekeeping at 10:45am to clean room, showed at 1:30pm - no rental movies on TV, hotel DVD's rent for $10/day - elevator requires room key for access - room A/C did not work (but the windows open...) You can get the &quot;60 Thompson&quot; experience by sitting in the radiant heated bar outside - that is when it's open. Still, 60 Thompson is better than most Midtown hotels, if only for the location.	
Feb 1 2005	I Love 60 Thompson	I can't imagine anyone not liking this hotel. I stayed at 60 Thompson in a deluxe king from Thurs. to Sun. and had the most incredible weekend in New York. The staff is as nice as can be. Whatever I requested throughout the weekend was delivered in moments. THE CONCIERGE AT THOMPSON IS THE BEST! They setup our entire weekend. From dinner on Friday, hair cut Sat., Dinner Sat., and a night out for 18 people at one of the most exclusive lounges in NYC. Everything went off without a hitch. The rooms were beautiful. Walk to great shopping in SoHo. The only bad thing I can say about this hotel is that Thom's is slow as molases. Room service was very fast, though. Eat brunch at the Cupping Room, a block away. There was barely any street noise on the 12th floor and the room was a great size for New York. If you're planning a night out on the town with friends this is the spot. The concierge will get you into any restaurant, club, or lounge that you want. The rooms and bathrooms are beautiful.	
Jan 22 2005	Depends on the room you get	My boss and I just completed a three day stay at 60 Thompson. We got corporate rates of $250. I received room 59 upon check-in and it is not at all a special room -- standard NY crunch. There was no desk, although there was a long rectangular table nested under a higher, square table that served as a nightstand, so I pulled out the long rectangular table and used it as a desk, when I was either sitting on the couch or the large lounge chair. If you have need of back support to do any work, this won't work well for you. Unfortunately, pulling that table out took up most of the remaining available footprint. Two people can't walk past each other at the same spot in this room. When I arrived in room 59, there was no shampoo (although there were other amenities), the phone didn't work and no flower in the vase (supposed to be an orchid in a little square glass vase with pebbles). I didn't realize this until turndown service came and filled my ice bucket, at which point I tipped $2 -- then the service rep graciously noted that my flower was missing and brought me one. In my opinion, even the corporate rate of $250 was just a bit much for this room -- a fairer price would be under $200. My boss' experience was different -- when he went to check in, they informed him there was no room for him even though he had a guaranteed reservation. However, they did offer to pay to put him up at the Soho Grand that night and the next night, they appear to have upgraded him to a much larger suite, Room 100, which they comp'd (this must be what is normally the $400/night room. It was nice of them to comp him, but then he was really quite upset that the reservation hadn't been honored). This is a truly large room, with a separate sleeping area and an enormous entertaining space with a ponyskin area rug. There is a proper desk, two TVs (one of them flat screen LCD) and two bathrooms. Cookies were in the room as part of the suite service. Amenities in both rooms were by Fresh. Suite Room 100 had a wood floor. Standard Room 59 had carpeting. Both rooms had king beds. The service, as has been noted elsewhere, was exceptional (despite my boss not getting a room on his guaranteed reservation and with the exception of turndown service, who I suspect might not have offered me that flower until the tip was forthcoming -- but at least the tip urged an offer of a flower). Room service was exceedingly polite, intelligent and thoughtful. As has been noted elsewhere, the neighborhood is choice. The weather in NY was sub-zero, so we walked two and a half blocks turning right out of the hotel and found this little basement Cubana restaurant (called, I think, the Cubana Cafe or something like that) at which was the best grilled corn with hot spice and cheese and ethereally fresh chicken soup. Available for a song and delectable (and hot!)Overall, I'm torn as to whether to stay again (I don't think I would want a room like 59 at $250 again, but nor do I think it would be fair to get a room like 100 at the price of $250 -- if only they had something in between!).	
Jan 17 2005	excellent	just got back from nyc after having stayed at 60 thompson for 5 nights. i must say that the hotel, the staff, the restaurant, the location, the concierge, the room - all was top notch. if you can stretch to a superior room (pay about $350) then do it, as the smaller rooms are definately too small for anything more than an overnight stay. thompson street is well placed for great vibes, bars, restaurants &amp; cool shops. i thought that $ 18 for two cups of coffee was a bit off a liberty, so go eleswhere for that kind of stuff. overall, however, i found 60 thompson to be spot on.	
Dec 29 2004	Very pleased	King deluxe room was large and very comfortable with excellent bathroom and great Fresh bath amenities. Service was very pleasant and professional and location was great. Would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 25 2004	Disappointing	Stayed here in November. Friends rave about it but I had a bad stay. It has some problems. You cannot use any a/c despite hot rooms because they have turned it off - only in guest rooms though! Glasses in the bar are dirty. Barman when I was there failed to make an acceptable vodka tonic three times consecutively - he made it with soda water and mineral water on two of those occasions. Rooms are small. Service is haphazard but the concerge was pretty helpful. Aims to please and in a good area but is losing oiut to the competition. My analysis may sound trivial but this hotel must try much harder.	
Dec 4 2004	Nice Touches Great Location Wonderful Service	The 60 Thompson was my place of residence for a couple days on business this last week. I arrived on Sunday at 11:30 and had to wait till about 2:30 for my room to be available. Right after Thanksgiving and they were packed. While waiting I asked where I could get something to eat and was pointed to the “Country Cafe” practically right across the street. OUTSTANDING!!Comments about 60 Thompson: Service was excellent from the bellhop to the service engineer when my bathtub stopper quit working. In minutes it was fixed. Desk Personnel and Restaurant Servers were exceptional.My room was a King Deluxe, facing the front street. Room size was good enough, sofa and chair was a nice touch. Full bath, all marble was really beautiful! Towels and toiletries, nice! The only thing I missed as a women traveler was a make-up mirror that magnifies for putting on my makeup.Nice down comforters on beds and it really was a nice touch when they brought me awesome cookies late in the afternoon. Room service was quick and the restaurant food, above average. Thai Food!!There’s only two things I found unappealing about the hotel. One, the walls could use cleaning in the lobby areas where peoples luggage and hands, etc have been abusing the area. A good cleaning necessary. Two, the walls are thin and the toilets flush VERY loudly, I laughed the first time I flushed. The street isn’t too busy, so it isn’t too noisy, but if you’re a light sleeper, you might want to bring some earplugs with you just in case.The hotel really isn’t luxurious, but I think it’s above average compared to many NY hotels.If you like a modern, ar†sy decor, than this is your hotel and the location in SoHo is perfect for browsing the areas shops. Do check out the Country Cafe though, superb service, coffee and plenty of food.	
Nov 6 2004	Promoted as great reality is that it is average!	I recently stayed for 3 nights at 60 Thomson. I really put some effort in to choosing this hotel for our stay since it was a special occasion. Our room was on the 9th floor on a corner. I though it was pretty small. I expected it to be a little bigger, especially since it was a new building. The bath was small too. The &quot;Fresh&quot; brand toiletries were a surprise since the website advertized &quot;Philosophy&quot; toiletries. Anyway, the shower/tub combo was ok, although the water pressure was great! Sheets were very comfortable. We ordered breakfast via the door knob form one night. In the morning the food arrived and we were still asleep. When they came to pick up the tray an hour later they knocked and we were still asleep. Half awake I agreed when the room service attendant asked if he could heat up our eggs for us. I agreed and he returned a half hour later. I got a surprise when I checked out, he charged us double for the entire meal. So my room service breakfast ended up being $162 dollars. Anyway I wouldn't have agreed to the perceived &quot;re-heat&quot; if I knew I was being charged for a whole new breakfast!Overall, Average to good rating. Room was small for a newly constructed building and the bar on the roof was so small and overcrowded that it was hard to enjoy!!!	
Oct 28 2004	Location Location Location	The best thing going for this hotel is it's SOHO location. Front desk staff were pretentious. We arrived at 4:30 PM, they told us our room would be ready at 5:00, but it wasn't ready until 6 PM! We asked for an upper floor but we were told that the upper floor is noisy due to the roof top bar, only to find out that the roof top bar was CLOSED for the season. We ended up on the 6th floor with a view of the alley and building next door. Furnishings are cheap and flimsy. There is no desk area. The industrial strength toilet seemed out of place in an otherwise nicely appointed bathroom. AND the toilet was so loud and powerful that we wondered if we were going to get flushed down with it. Walls are paper thin. On a more positive note, the rooms were sufficient in size for NY, beds were comfortable, sheets were oh so soft, the restaurant's decor was quite impressive with an awesome lilly pond, the candlelit lobby added a nice ambience and the bellmen were really nice. And of course, you can't beat the SOHO location. For less than $200/night I might recommend this hotel. However, due to the lack of customer service and the lack of amenities, for what we paid ($385 from Quickbook for a room with two queen beds) this hotel was a big disappointment and we considered it way over priced.	
Oct 7 2004	Ultra-posh good experience	Although there were some mixed reviews about 60 Thompson on this site, we booked a King Supreme room to house my family of 4 for 5 days (2 adults, one infant, one 2 year old.)The hotel is over the top posh, but the service(contrary to prior posts) was excellent. Despite being a dominantly upwardly mobile single crowd staying there, we still felt some warmth both from the staff and patrons. When our baby girl cried for hours on early morning, we received a call/complaint that was very understanding. We can't blame the neighbors for complaining- she does cry quite loudly. The location is fantastic, especially if you aren't doing the whole midtown tourist thing. Soho is great for shopping. There are tons of great restaurants in the neighborhood. And after walking around NYC day after day, the hotel provided a satisfying respite.The hotel looks good, but some of the furniture in the rooms show a bit of wear- inevitable. I think we even caused some 'wear' ourselves. Positive experience for us. We would be happy to go back.	
Sep 30 2004 	Great Location	Great location for Soho, Greenwich, Chelsea area shopping &amp; restaurants. Fun &amp; happening hotel &amp; bar for 20 &amp; 30 something crowd. Cool lobby. However - overpriced, lacked a certain &quot;polish&quot;; AND... we left our room for two hours in the morning of last day to return &amp; find an unmistakable intrusion. Someone had used the restroom (toilet seat up) &amp; stepped into the tub/shower with black soot on their shoes. Several items had been obviously moved in the drawer but nothing taken - to our knowledge. A bit unsettling for two women. Would not return.	
Sep 30 2004	Down on 60 Thompson	Great Location, cool rooms then it all goes downhill from there. If you want any attention from the front desk staff do not stay at 60 Thompson. If you want to control your room temperature do not stay at 60 Thompson. If you want a hotel that listens to their guest when there are problems... do not stay at 60 Thompson. Our room was about 95 degrees and could not cool down (it was a November stay). We were told to open our window--ever stay in a NY hotel room with an open windw? Might as well sleep on the street. The front desk staff could not care less about the issue (nor the same problem when the person in front of us on the checkout line complained about the same problem). Even a letter to the hotel manager met with no repsonse. The bar is cool and the staff at the door are nice, but you are better served at the Mercer, Soho/Tribecca Grand or any of the W Hotels where they actually care about giving you a good stay.	
Sep 28 2004	Wanted to like 60 Thompson - but just could not.	I wanted so much to like 60 Thompson. The service was pretty good, and the Kittichai restaurant was really great. And the real standout is the rooftop bar. But for the money - and you'll spend a great deal of money - this hotel just does not live up to the promise. The room we were in was so loud at all hours. Even hushed conversations were easily heard through the walls. And when we complained that we would like a room that was more quiet - well lets just say that it was made clear that our $350 a night was not enough to be placed in a more comfortable room.We booked an upgraded room - as you can see from my nightly rate versus others on this thread of reviews. But we were next to an elevator, above the kitchen, and next to a service room. Loud loud loud.The Soho Grand is just around the corner from 60 Thompson and is just as hip without as much attitude and definitely a better room. So save the extra $125 a night.	
Sep 25 2004	You pays your money and......	I dont know what people expect of NYC hotels. Im English and can see through a thin veneer of Boutique -chic. The 60 T is fine you know what you are in for before you book so if you've got a ruck sack or are still in snow wash jeans ..Avoid this place. There are alot more hotels in town that I could name that are far more painful in the &quot; we think we are all that&quot; so we must be. Its fine fine fine here, just fine not wonderful just fine . I think the problem stems from peoples anticipation and expectations of a Jimmy Choo experience but want walmark prices. Get a room for under $200 and you will be pleased with this joint.. theres not much choice below Houston Street after all. If you pay $400 a night and then complain on this site well more fool you for paying the rate in the first place. Give the 60 T a break, I could vent my anger at some truly attrocious rip off joints.	
Sep 20 2004	Great Location Nice Hotel but they need to work on the details	Here's a free flowing critique....I hate to be negative about it, especially for our great price of $190. night (it was supposed to be $400. and at that price would have been very disappointing), but they need to work on the details. We were not given shamoo bottles after the first day, but on the third (after asking) were given 5 of each. We asked for luggage racks when we arrived (so that we wouldn't have to put our suitcases on the floor), but after the bellman took the tip he didn't return with the goods. I love the details of boutique hotels but there wasn't much here. Though they did have a lot for sale in the room. They should provided complimentary shower caps, sewing kits, something more - it makes such a difference! They do provide cotton balls and qtips, which is nice. An framed art piece was hung half way behind the t.v. cabinet (what's that about!) That's too easy to fix! I'm a designer and that really bothered me. The Frette sheets were brand new, crisp and luxurious. The floor of the shower had a litle bit of black mold, but otherwise the bathroom was lovely. Great idea - towel bars stacked. Hotel is not child friendly, but we knew that already. There were three of us in the room, but they left one brownie on the pillow and we were fighting over it nightly! It's the details that are missing, you know? Otherwise, it is a simple, nicely designed, clean hotel in a great location, oh and I loved the lit candles in the lobby.	
Aug 27 2004	Definitely not worth the money	DEFINITELY NOT worth the price. This small hotel is nice and minimally hip, in a great location(one of the few hotels in the midst of SOHO), but nothing special. There are many, many hipper and nicer hotels in NYC for a better price. The rooms are nice and spacious for NYC, but the basic amenities are missing. We had to request an iron and our toiletries were never replaced after the first day. We were there for a week, and even after multiple requests for shampoo, soap, etc., never received them. The hotel staff were nice and courteous. The bar on the roof, which everyone touts as &quot;fabulous&quot; was never open. Nothing seemed to ever be going on at 60 Thompson. We have been to NYC 10 times and are very well-traveled and enjoy boutique hotels, but I would never stay here again. If you're looking for hipness, stay at the &quot;W&quot; or Royalton. For the same price, you could also stay at the Waldorf Astoria and feel like your money was well-spent.	
Aug 10 2004	Liked 60 Thompson A-LAH!!!!!	I stayed at 60 Thompson last weekend and was pleasantly surprised given some of the comments I've read here. To begin with, the location is great. There are many many fabulous restaurants (Kin Khao is awesome!!!!) within a few blocks, as well as wonderful shopping. The doormen and bell hops were extremely nice and helpful. It took a while to check in, but who cares? The lobby is a bit shabby. It does need new carpet and a new look overall...it looks better at night. We had a standard queen room on the 6th floor. The view was nothing great, but it wasn't bad either. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've had in a hotel (I've stayed in 6 different hotels in NYC in the past year so I'm getting good at judging these things :) . I don't know what some people's problem is with a duvet cover vs. a sheet. They wash the duvet cover just like they wash a sheet and put a new one on for each guest. It's really better....less to get all tangled up in. The size of the room is, well, small. But not as small as rooms at the Hudson. There's a bit more space to navigate. The bathroom is very nice...not terrific lighting for putting on makeup and the shower/tub is only big enough for one person, but it's all dark tile w/ white fixtures....very pretty. The shampoo and lotions are from Fresh and smell fab. I went to the Fresh store to buy them but too expensive!! The best thing about this hotel is the rooftop bar. There are very cozy couches up there, strong drinks, and a great view. It's open way late into the night and when everything else was dead it was hopping. Seemed to be a very international crowd at the hotel. I would definitely stay there again. It's also convenient for driving into and out of the city. The exit for the Holland Tunnel is 2 blocks away. Valet parking is $35/night. One note is that we paid $179/night for this hotel thru Expedia. I would not pay more than $200/night to stay here. If you can get it for $200 or less per night, my opinion is that it is a good deal.	
Aug 9 2004	A SOHO Sweetspot	Need a hotel in SOHO at a reasonable price, with an outrageously courteous and helpful hotel staff, a rooftop bar and lounge with spectacular views of Wall Street and the Empire State Building, clean rooms, comfortable beds, quiet air conditioning that has controls that actually work, and great people watching? 60 Thompson is it. There are great eats and bars in the neighborhood and the art galleries are right around the corner. We'll definitely stay here again the next time the grandparents can watch the kids!	
Jul 10 2004	Shabby and Grotesquely Overpriced	If you're looking for a luxury hotel, this is not for you! I selected the hotel for location and because it appeared to be a deluxe establishment. I picked a junior suite in order to entertain friends and have some living space. I was told it was 500 square feet, which is not large but should have been sufficient. Well, the room was substantially less than 500 square feet, with room for about 4 people only to sit comfortably. Worse yet, it was very cheaply decorated and horribly maintained. There were sticky drip marks on the front of the mini bar, the leather chair had slash marks on it, the cheap finishings (e.g., flourescent light tubes) were poorly done (e.g. cabinet doors did not fit properly together and the &quot;molding&quot; on the walls was unfinished, sloppily painted strips of wood).	
Jul 10 2004	Fantastic stay!	Chic, understated luxury. We loved this property -- spacious room, sumptuous black marble bath with walk in shower and Fresh bath products. The continental breakfast, with fresh fruit, homemade granola, yoghurt, pastries, fresh orange juice, coffee, tea was delicious and reasonable. We arrived early, and the front desk was friendly and helpful, taking our cell number so that they could let us know when the room was ready while we were out shopping. Location is great, walkable to NYU, the Village, and good restaurants and shopping. And a lovely roof-top patio for sunbathing in day and a drink in the evening. We found a great rate at Quikbook.com. Anne-Laurent, from the executive office who acted as concierge, was always helpful. A perfect stay -- definitely a 5 star hotel.	
Jul 1 2004 	Beautiful perfect chic	I feel fortunate to have been able to find an affordable rate that allowed me to stay one night at this utterly gorgeous hotel ($179 for a large queen room with large bathroom on our corporate travel agency's website instead of $400+).Every single detail in this hotel is lush and beautiful. From the elevators to the rooftop bar, the design is warm minimalist chic.The bathroom goodies - from Fresh - with Frette bathrobes - complement the beautiful dark marbled tile and fabulous power shower.The room comes with large TV (hidden, naturally), DVD player, CD player, and a bunch of fun items for purchase (T-shirts that say &quot;My boyfriend is out of town&quot;).Instead of a bureau, the room comes with a sleek sofa with velvet cushions.I just adore this place.Oh, and the staff are friendly and room service prompt.	
Jun 22 2004	Great location A+ service!	After doing a fair bit of research, a friend and I selected 60 Thompson as our hotel of choice for a long weekend of shopping in NYC. We couldn't have selected a better hotel. We requested a room on high floor, and we were given a clean, quiet, spacious (by NYC standards) room with a great view. Our room fit 2 double beds easily, with ample space to get around without bumping into each other. We had absolutely no noise problems; I slept like a baby! I loved the turn-down service, complete with brownies, and the yummy bath products.Our every request was promptly answered, if not already thoughtfully provided for in advance. The beds did not have top-sheets - we requested top sheets, which were brought to us in less than 10 minutes by the courteous housekeeping staff, at 11 p.m. at night! We had a bit of a wait (40 minutes)for our room to be prepared when we were checking in, but the hotel offered us free drinks on the house, and held our luggage while we got an early start on our shopping. The rooftop bar and hotel lobby lounge were chic spots to get a drink after a long day of shopping, without being intrusive, noisy or overcrowded, like the &quot;social scene&quot; at some other hip NYC hotels.I can't say enough good things about this hotel. Finding a hotel that provides a great ambiance and good service is always a bit of a gamble in NYC, and this one paid off. I will definitely return to 60 Thompson on my next visit to NYC, and would readily recommend it to anyone looking for a gem of a hotel in the Soho/Greenwich village area.	
Jun 13 2004	Great location good hotel	We were very pleased with our stay although I recognise some of the criticisms people mention. The rooms are a good size I think. Very little hanging space but good drawer space. The roof bar was great in on warm June nights with views uptown and downtown. All the staff were friendly and tried to be helpful. Some were professional, some playing enthusiastically with amateur status. No restaurant - a Thai one about to open and breakfast slow and dull while we were there - but plenty of places nearby for breakfast - try the Mercer! If you want to be in SoHo, a good place to stay. 	
May 11 2004	Lovely!	I recently flew to New York to celebrate my birthday with friends. The lobby, my room, lounge (and doormen) were all gorgeous. The front desk, very helpful. My linens, robe, towels etc. all new, sparkling clean and comfy. My stay at 60 Thompson ranks about the best experience I've had at a hotel. The restaurant was closed for renovation which allowed me to explore the neighborhood even more. Lovely!	
May 3 2004	It stunk!	Although the hotel itself was hip &amp; fun and we luckily didn't have a problem with loud neighbors, our recent two-night stay was ruined by the fact our room smelled like stale cigarette smoke the whole time we were there. At a certain point, it even smelled in the hallway outside our door. The front desk insisted we were on a non-smoking floor each time we complained, but who cares! It still smelled. They couldn't switch us the first night because the hotel was booked and the 2nd night there were no rooms available equal to what we already had. They did offer to put an ionizer in the room while we were at dinner and it did seem to help initially, but the smell was back again by the next morning. Although the room decor was sleek, the room overall seemed a little beat up. The bathroom wasn't anything that great either. Our king bed also seemed short and I'm not a tall person. The doormen were good but because the front desk did not really seem to care about our complaint, we were overall disappointed with service. Our smelly room interfered with what otherwise was a great time in NYC.	
Apr 12 2004	60 Thompson made our visit to NYC!	My husband and I stayed at the 60 Thompson for seven nights in February 2004 on our first visit to New York City. We loved it! The room, on the 10th floor, was fantastic - comfy bed, excellent bathroom and a great view across Soho. The room was a comfortable size - we had a friend visit and there was more than enough room for three people to sit around. The turndown service - STILL water and Fat Witch brownies - was a treat. The staff, particularly those on the front desk and the bellboys, were always friendly and didn't show any attitude (though they looked really cool!). The location was superb! We loved Soho and there were some great restaurants near the hotel (try the small little Greek restaurant on Thompson Street, just up the road from the hotel - YUM!). We stayed at 60 Thompson during NYC Fashion Week so there were lots of beautiful people around the hotel (including a fashion shoot in the lobby), but that just made our stay more interesting. After we left NYC, we spent a month traveling around the US (including Boston, Washington DC, New Orleans, Vegas, SF and LA) and stayed in similar style and standard hotels and 60 Thompson was definitely the best. Don't listen to the people who have posted negative comments about this hotel - it's not true! One final comment -we got a great rate through Quikbook (used them for stays in other States and the rates were always the best and the rooms were always exceptional). Enjoy your stay at 60 Thompson - it really made our visit to NYC even more memorable!	
Mar 26 2004	Ruined our vacation	NEVER AGAIN!!! Although the rooms were nicely decorated, the rest of the experience was substandard. Service could not be worse. Black bathrooms with no light. Neighboring rooms had parties going on all around us til dawn. No topsheets on the bed - just a duvet (skeevy!). Tons of Euro-trash and bridge and tunnel wanna-bes prevented us from enjoyed all common areas of the hotel after 8:00 pm. If you are as clueless to think that all of this spells C-O-O-L this is the place for you!	
Mar 12 2004	Beautiful! Can't wait to stay again.	This is THE hotel for all you fabulously modern hip people. You can easily pass by the building it self because the exterior is quite serene and not as flashy as other boutique hotels. The bottom floor is the concierge, plush wall seating and elevators. The main &quot;lobby&quot; is on the second floor, where the registration desk and the Thom Bar are situated. Down to their Nino Cerruti uniforms, 60 Thompson was stylish and oh so pleasing to the eye. The people in the front desks looked like they were from the Elite and Ford Model Agencies. YUMMMYYY! Once you get up to the room, it's designed for the Architectural Digest crowd: Frette linens, huge suede headboard, 2 dark mahogany sidetables, toiletries from Fresh that included the best smelling Soy Shampoo, Pomegranate Conditioner, Lychee lotion. They even provide you with the 1 thing I ALWAYS forget to pack: Q-Tips! Something as trivial as that made me a fan of the hotel. The bathrooms were chocolate-colored marble up and down, east to west. The 2 shower heads were quite refreshing. The robes were very comfortable. The DVD player, nighttime brownie, and the friendliness of the staff, as well as everything I mentioned made 60 Thompson one of the nicest hotels I've stayed at.	
Mar 8 2004	Great!!	As frequent visitors to NYC, over the years we have migrated down to lower NY after years of staying in midtown botique hotels (Royalton, Morgans, Hudson etc.) The Soho Grand is great, but the rooms are a little small. 60 Thompson is an oasis. The staff was super, the room was large, and the location cannot be beat. Their restaurant, Thom, was closed for renovations. We are looking forward to our next stay at 60 Thompson, and the re-opening of the restaurant alone will probably be worth the trip. If you want top notch service, along with a &quot;private apartment&quot;feel, this is the place. We cannot say enough good things!	
Mar 2 2004	Service was disappointing - location great	Stayed for two nights Feb. 15 to th e 17th 2004 with my daughter. Room was small and disappointing. Bathroom was nice, marble and fun. Found the staff to be quite aloof. The concierge sent me to a spa that was closed. The breakfast was horrible and pricey. After I checked out, my credit card was billed for a second amount that was never shown to me. Numerous calls to the hotel were not responded to. The mini-bar was not stocked completely, and then I was charged for food and drinks that I did not use. The only good thing about this hotel is its location which is great.	
Feb 11 2004	Pricey but great.	I rented a jr. suite for a saturday night as a surprise for my girlfriends birthday. The location was perfect, a block away from dinner and the bar we went to. The room was not huge, but it was big enough to have about 6-8 people back to after the bar(with some furniture rearanged). The bed was great! The bathroom was nice, seperate tub, but wasnt anything too special. Overall my experience was great, and would recomend it to anyone looking for a great hotel in Soho, not afraid to spend a little money.	
Jan 20 2004	Worth your time!		
Jan 18 2004	If you are a party person this is the right place.		
Jan 10 2004	may be hip but definitely uncool		
Dec 31 2003	Great for families too!		
Nov 29 2003	Finally - Well-managed Hipness		
Aug 28 2003	A cool place perfect located in Soho		
Aug 20 2003	It takes reall effort to be so bad		
Jun 16 2003	Great Hotel Great Location		
May 16 2003	Very good		
Jan 10 2003	The Worst		
Nov 24 2009 	?????????????????		
Jul 28 2009 	????		
May 10 2007 	Das Hotel hat alle Erwartungen vollstens übertroffen!!!		
Feb 21 2007	Sublime...mais chambres mini		
