	I always enjoy staying at the Affinia	I stayed with my wife for 5 nights in early Nov. 2009. As always, the room was clean and well maintained, and the hotel staff is always pleasant. I appreciated the extra help I received from Pedro, the assistant manager. This is a residential hotel in a very nice neighborhood, and we are able to walk to most of the places we want to visit. The rooms are large, and with a fully equipped kitchenette. We have probably stayed at the Affinia 20 or more times in the last 5 years.	
	Affinia Gardens is a Great Hotel	The rooms and the service at Affinia Gardens are terrific. The location (E. 64th near 3rd Avenue) is just about perfect. All of the staff people I have encountered on various trips -- Krys, Latoya, Sam, Rhonda, Pedro and Sal -- have been very pleasant and helpful. The hotel is configured more like a residential building than a hotel. I like the small, intimate reception area that puts you directly onto 64th Street as you leave. In fact, the experience at Affinia Gardens is more like residential than hotel living in Manhattan. I highly recommend it.	
Nov 26 2009 	Unforgettable Service	I stayed at the affinia gardens earlier this month, I must say my stay was unforgettable. I was making a transition from my hometown of Boston to New York, for work purposes. I came in with my mother for a few days, Melissa was the person to check us in and Michael took the bags to the room. I stay for a few days and during my stay the staff was very helpful and pleasant. Glenda the night person was very resourceful, making sure I got extra pillows and towels during the late night hours. I liked the area so much, my new apartment is only 3 blocks away from the hotel. My family will definitely be coming to the hotel more offen, I was impressed with this oasis on the Upper East Side. Other people that made my stay great where, Jennifer, Shefi, Caprice	
Nov 26 2009 	Glenda went out of her way	Overall a clean and quiet space in the middle of the hectic city. I had a problem with my room and Glenda, a front desk representative, went out of her way to find me a room that met my expectations.	
Nov 23 2009 	Wonderful.	We were in town only for a museum weekend and the Affinia was perfect. VERY spacious rooms (especially for NYC), staff was accommodating when we arrived a little earlier than expected and wanted to check in early. Clean rooms with up-to-date furnishings, comfortable bed, close to good restaurants and shopping. I would stay here again in a minute.	
Nov 22 2009 	Excellent hotel. Enjoyed my stay.	affinia gardens is a wonderful place to relax with the upmost accommondating to all your needs, Pedro who was on call manages the hotel with the highest standards and was extremely helpful with the greatest attitude and smile in every problem or request . i would give this hotel the highest rating and recommend its a great place to stay and feel comfortable as home.	
Nov 21 2009 	Exceptional for NYC Hotel	We were in room 1001. Clean, absolutely huge and exceptionally quiet. (DON'T be afraid that it is next to the elevator... we never heard it)I've been staying in Manhattan Hotels for 30+ years and though this one doesn't have the &quot;big name&quot; and isn't fancy, it is a solid value with respect to, &quot;what you get, for what you pay.&quot; The staff is unforgettable by the way. Sal, Krys, Sam, LaToya, Rhonda and Pedro all go out of their way to help. We are very pleased.	
Nov 20 2009 	Another Great Stay!	After staying at the Marriott , a horrible hotel, I appreciate the Affinia Gardens 100x''s more. The price is right, the location is central to everything, the rooms are HUGE and the staff is wonderful. Melissa, Jennifer, Glenda, Caprice, Shefi, and MIchael are top of the line! See you in January...	
Nov 18 2009	Great place to stay	The hotel is situated in a walking range of a lot of great places. The staff is helpful and caring people, professionals. Always giving good advice when needed. We stayed for 6 weeks, and enjoied everything here.	
Nov 18 2009 	I wish I stay longer at the Affinia Gardens	I've spent five weeks in New York this year. Tomorrow I'm leaving and would like to thank so much the staff of the hotel at which I stayed - the Affinia Gardens (located at 64th street between 3 and 2 avenues). Special thanks to Latoya, Rhonda, Sam, Sal, Krys, Shefy. You are the real professionals. Everything was just perfect. Real pleasure. The only thing that makes me upset is that I can not stay longer. Will be looking forward seeing you, guys, in the future.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great people rooms location and they go the extra mile here	Our August 2009 visit was our 10th at Affinia Gardens (previously Lyden Gardens) cnr 64th and 3rd, and it felt like coming home! From Michael the excellent doorman to Latoya on the front desk, everyone is helpful and does just a bit more than they have to. We are from Sydney and have generally had a long flight and are exhausted on arrival. Coming back to Affinia Gardens helps us relax quickly. The rooms are spacious, good linens, Aveda products and the kitchen is well equipped., The neighbood is safe and very convenient with good food shopping close by. But above all we like the friendliness and although not the cheapest, it's the best we've found in a decade of visits. Elizabeth	
Nov 17 2009 	Great hotel with great service in a great location	Location was great - close to midtown and shopping and restaurants. Excellent, professional, friendly staff and service were the best part of my stay. Hotel is not plush and showing a little wear but very serviceable and roomy. Rooms are very clean Love having the full kitchen. Would be great for a family. Have stayed here many times and always had the same level of great service from front desk, bellmen, maintenance and cleaning personnel. They were always quick to follow up on a request. Will definitely stay here again and recommend the hotel to others.	
Nov 16 2009 	Wonderful	Beautiful hotel, wonderful staff! Latoya, Sam, Krys, all were so helpful and pleasant, and made us feel @ home everytime we walked through the door! The tea bar was a nice added treat and love the Affinia blend.	
Nov 13 2009 	Love this place!	Third time staying at Affinia Gardens. Rooms are very tranquil, clean and spacious.Staff is friendly and accomodating. Chris, the bellman always remembers us. Shefi at front desk always gets us in right away. The location is the best. Will look forward to returning.	
Nov 8 2009 	A fantastic hotel including the frontdesk staff	I was a hotel guest between November 1st to November 5th in a huge and amazing 1 bedroom suit , much larger than I had imagined . I had a Problem with the Internet but lucky a very nice gentle man by the name of Shefi was there to save my day . My wife had a problem with the pillows in the room . She was amazed when Jennifer offered to try out 6 different pillows in which will be more suitable for my wife . I can't recall many names of the other employees but Melissa and Glenda had the best customer service by far that I have seen in any hotel I have stayed in .	
Nov 3 2009 	great hotelexcellent location	We chose this hotel for its nearness to museums/art galleries,and Central Park.We were upgraded to a suite-nice.Rooms were smart and comfortable,staff exceptionally helpful and friendly.	
Nov 2 2009 	Loved it!!	We recently spent 4 nights at the Affinia Gardens. Initially was worried since the room that I booked (a 1 bedroom suite) was &quot;unable&quot; on the night that we checked in and we had to check into a Junior Suite (there were 3 of us). I was pleasantly surprised by the room and so our group decided to stay in the Junior Suite rather than move to another room for the rest of our stay.The service was amazing!! All of the staff including Latoya, Melissa and Sal (the hardest working man in Manhattan) were awesome!!Location was great. Loved the neighbourhood feel...great restaurants within walking distance too!	
Nov 2 2009 	large room great location	My friend and I stayed for 7 nights in October. On check-in we were given an upgrade as our booked room was not available. The upgrade was to a one-bedroom suite - this was large, well appointed and had 2 queen sized beds. After the first night though we asked to be returned to our original booking (junior suite with a patio). This was handled quickly and without any hassle.This room was obviously smaller, but still large for NY standards. The bonus of our original booking was the large, private courtyard attached and equipped with outdoor table and chairs - we used this every morning for coffee, and every evening for a glass of wine before bed.The staff were all friendly and helpful - in particular La Toya was always smiling and offering assistance.It was great to have a kitchen in the room (equipped enough to heat takeout, store cool drinks and make breakfast but not really equipped for cooking dinner). The only small, very small negative thing I noticed was that the sachets of sugar were never replenished during our stay (though the coffee was).The location is brilliant - on a quiet street but only a couple of minutes walk to some fun bars and good restaurants, shops and also very handy for the subway.I have already recommended this hotel to my sister and told my travel agent she should recommend it to her clients!	
Nov 1 2009 	It's a good hotel	The hotel is nearly of the most interesting sites in the city. The rooms are big and very clean. The services are attent and resolve the problems quickly.	
Oct 27 2009 	A touch of Upper East Side sophistication	The Affinia Gardens is well located in a quiet street between Second and Third Avenues, within a few blocks of Central Park, Bloomingdales and the subway. The front desk staff are welcoming, friendly and thoughtful. Our room was very comfortable and the housekeeping of a high standard. There are convenient restaurants, bars and coffee shops in the neighbourhood and although the hotel does not have a bar or cafe of its own it is possible to order from a number of places for room service. It's a good choice for Midtown shopping and sightseeing and the Museum Mile.	
Oct 27 2009 	the BEST location in Manhattan...close to everything	everyone was friendly and helpful-rooms are comfortable and clean-perfect for travel with a young child. Jennifer at the front desk was so lovely and the 2 doormen, Michael and Pedro were awesome....no complaints about anyone. Housekeeping staff was pleasant and kept the rooms looking neat.Can't wait to go back to the Affinia Gardens!	
Oct 26 2009	excellent in every way	stayed at Affinia Gardens for 5 days. Could not ask for better. The staff went above and beyond the call of duty to make our stay fantastic. They were exceptionally courteous and any request were answered promptly. The room was large with two queensized beds. We even had a choice of pillows that made it very comfortable. The location on the upper east side was great, only two blocks from the subway. Thanks Affinia Gardens, we will be back.	
Oct 24 2009 	Wonderful experience!	I recently stayed at Afinia Gardens with my friend who was in the city for business. We had a large room with a beatiful kitchen. The hotel room was clean, well-maintained, except for the carpet which looked worn out. The housekeeping women was very friendly and poliet. Her name was Anna W. Kris, the doorman asked my to put a &quot;good word&quot; in for him and his team, Sam, Latoya, Sal, Shefi, and Randa. They were all very friendly and helpful. It was a pleasure staying at your hotel.	
Oct 21 2009 	Our Pied a Terre in Manhattan	Spacious &amp; comfortable accommodations, great staff. Feels more like a home than a hotel. We've been here 3 times, and will return.	
Oct 20 2009 	Love This Hotel	Excellent service, very friendly staff. I have being staying at this hotel 3 of 4 times a year for the last 5 years and always look forward to coming back. The rooms are very spacious, especially for New York. Close to major amenities. The hotel itself promotes a zen like philosophy...	
Oct 14 2009 	Fabulous location and spacious rooms	I travel to NYC at least 3 to 4 times per year. So, I always stay in different hotels to try them all. But I had stay previously at the Affinia Gardens and it is by far better than many of the 4 to 5 stars hotels in the upper east. The reasons are: location is great! It is very well situated in the upper east in a not busy street so noise is not a problem. I always like to stay in places where I have space and this hotel provides very nice sized rooms. (It is not the traditional size of rooms that you find in Manhattan where you basically have to go around the bed and that is all the space that you have). At the affinia the closet space is decent and the living area is very comfortable.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good Experience	Our trip to New York was great. We arrived at the hotel, was expected, and had all the assistance we needed. The room was quite nice and it was a delight to have a refrigerator and room to sit on the couch. The employees of the hotel were soo helpful, namely Latoya and Michael and an unnamed maintenance man who offered to help even though I had my packages under control. What a difference this makes when hasseled from air trip, etc.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good location and room poor on service end	Hotel room was well apointed, clean and in a great location for central park, museums. However, there are little in the way of extra services so be prepared to be on your own. The front desk does not have a concierge, only someone who multi-tasks at everything. The persons had few, if any, recommendations for dining places. The &quot;concierge&quot; sent us to a ticket broker for broadway tickets and the broker never got back to us as had been promised and was very rude when we called back. The &quot;concierge&quot; took our generous tip for calling us back as well, never did call with any information and left at the end of his shift. The next day, he was nonapologetic, stating that he didn't have any information to give us and that's why he didn't call. What about just ringing us up to tell us that the tickets were still up in the air? We would have made other plans if the man had let us know, rather than leaving us in the lurch. This &quot;service&quot; was a joke. Better to just say that you have no service than to promise it without any delivery.	
Oct 7 2009	Love this hotel! I'd return again and again.	Melissa , Marjorie and Jennifer have made this stay a joy! The staff is courteous and friendly. Loved the tea party girls!	
Oct 7 2009 	great stay	We have a pleasent stay at hotel . We recomended in the front desk atention a Latoya and Jennifer (who speak in spanish)In other matters provided assistance for us Sal, Sam and Kris.Thanks , yours sincerelySilvia Pfeifer and Jorge Szejersilviaszejer@yahoo.com.ar / jsestudio@ciudad.com.arBuenos Aires Argentina	
Oct 3 2009 	Great experience!!	I loved staying at Affinia Gardens, they have huge rooms and it is close to everything. I stay with two of my friends in a one bedroom suite and we had more than enough room, it was like our own home in New York City. The service was excellent and everyone was extremely helpful. LeToya was really helpful and she gave us great tips on where to go shopping and she even helped us get discount tickets for the theatre.	
Sep 30 2009 	Good spirit	I would like to pay special tribute to the following staff members of the Affinia Gardens:Rhonda, Caprice, Pedro, Latoya and Michael.This hotel is really great! The staff shows a well deserved pride in achievements, good skills, style, consistency and grasp of the job as well as faithfulness to the spirit.For foreigners this is the front line of the US and they get their first impression of this country by an open smile and welcoming attitude of the people who meet them first, despite all whims and whits of a visitor.They can provide valuable advice on all the matters relevant to your stay here whether it is a business trip or you are just visiting.Thank you for keeping doing a great teamwork!	
Sep 28 2009 	real new york flavour	I do enjoy this NY oasis. Great location within minutes walking to best places in Manhattan; very friendly staff; good place to rest after a busy day. Great herbal teas down in the lobby. P.S. Latoya at the reception is best.Igor	
Sep 22 2009	Great hotel	We stayed for five nights at the Affinia Gardens and we were very pleased with the accommodations. We had a jr suite with 2 beds; the suite was very spacious and nicely appointed. The entire suite was very clean, quiet and well laid out. The staff of the hotel was extremely pleasant and helpful. In particular, Krys was so nice. Each time he saw us, he would have a friendly greeting. We had stored our luggage when we arrived at the hotel prior to our check-in time. Krys was so helpful when I had trouble locating my baggage claim ticket; he remembered us and retrieved our luggage without fuss. Unfortunately, I did not get the name of the young lady who was working at the front desk when we arrived at the hotel. She was also very pleasant. Since our room was not ready when we arrived on the morning of our stay, we had gone out to grab a bite for breakfast. We returned to the hotel to sit and rest int the lounge area to wait to check in. While we were sitting in the lounge, she called me by name to let me know that our room was ready (prior to the check-in time).I particularly liked the location of Affinia Gardens. The Upper East Side is quieter than many areas of Manhattan and the hotel is close to subway stops. There are many grocery stores within walking distance of the hotel where you can buy food for breakfasts or other meals to enjoy in your suite.	
Sep 16 2009 	Helpful friendly service and roomy suite = happy family.	We needed a kitchenette with some living space and the suite was perfect for a little family reunion. Much roomier than other mid-town hotels. The staff was always helpful and knowledgeable. Neighborhood was relatively quiet. The bathroom was a little small and lacked a fan, but it was nicely designed, so it was okay. Very nice for the price in Manhattan.	
Sep 13 2009 	very pleasant hotel and great location	my family and i stayed here for 6 nights and had a wonderful stay. the staff was pleasant and cordial. the beds were plush and the junior suite was very roomy. it was convenient to have a laundry downstairs and great dining options in the neighborhood. i would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 28 2009 	Service is Top notch!	We had never been to NYC before and Affinia Gardens was part of our 1st experience in New York City. Their staff definitely went beyond to assure our stay was perfect. Coming from Los Angeles, we had a long flight and arrived at the hotel mid day. The door man was waiting on the sides and helped us with our bags as soon as we arrived. This was a family vacation with our 6 year old and she will have memories of the New York experience for a lifetime. We booked an one bedroom suite. To our amazement our suite was located on the 11th floor and balcony patio. The views of the area was amazing and the suite was HUGE! Friends and family had warned us of NYC as being cramped, smelly, and dirty. Not at the Affinia Gardens, our place was large, airy, clean, and fresh. Being blocks away from Central Part, Bloomingdales, and Serendipity 3 definitely does not hurt.I have to say it was one of our best experiences and would highly recommend it. If you have any doubts like i did initially, just give the hotel a call. Even the room service restaurants the hotel had with were great!	
Aug 21 2009 	If the rate wasn't a great deal I wouldn't stay again	I have stayed in many hotels recently, spanning from Southeast Asia to this one in New York at the tail end of my vacation. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, visiting the website in awe at the wonderful ammenties included and finding a fantastic deal on the nightly rate, I couldn't resist and booked a room for a week as part of a gift. I really wanted to like this hotel, but in the end couldn't.First the positives:-The complimentary tea bar is a great addition, it would be nice if they put some of that tea in the room for you as well.-The hotel is quiet, a nice oasis in the bustling city.-The hotel manager is very courteous and eager to help, definitely a plus.-The room was clean and well maintained for the course of the week.-The location is great. Nearby subways (F and N,R,W lines very close) and easily walkable (4 or 5 blocks) to Central Park. Also, nearby the M66 bus stop which takes you across the park to the Lincoln Center on the Upper West Side.The negatives (not as many but deal breakers for me):-You are an inconvenience to the staff. Our flight was delayed coming into JFK, we didn't get in until midnight. I realized that it was late and called the hotel to confirm that I was still coming. When we got there our room was ready, but only a single security worker manning the front desk. We spoke with him and he got the worker for the night. It was apparent that they did not appreciate me being there and even let out a sigh or frustration when I asked about ordering room service. I realize that it was late, but I also realize that it is a hotel which should be catering to guests. I've arrived later at the Holiday Inn and been treated with more courtesy.-I assumed this incident was isolated, it wasn't. I am young, so were my guests. We stay out late and wake up early. Every evening there was either no one in front or the staff made certain to tell us that it was late (once as early as 9pm...it's NEW YORK). Every morning I recieved questionable looks/tones about arranging wake up calls. I choose to stay at a hotel for convenience and privacy. I do not pay for the staff to demonstrate opinions.-Housekeekping did minimal work, whose quality changed day to day. Some days were amazing, like stepping into a new room, some days were horrible and we were welcomed to strange smells. At least none of my stuff was missing.-As another reviewer noted, Affinia hotels offer online customization of room ammenities. This includes everything from a special pillow to particular care packages offered as complimentary services for the guests. A definite plus. However, this convenience is negated when it isn't acted upon. Not a big deal, but I'd rather they not advertise something that doesn't exist (or doesn't work).-We asked the workers about internet access. It's not available complimentary anywhere. There is no business center for guests, there's a single computer you can pay to use. I eventually got so tired of asking them for things I paid for in room internet, $12.95 a night.-Personal ammenities such as shaving cream, toothpaste, razors, etc. are provided if you ask the front desk. I was given irritated reactions when I asked for them-This one's just personal preference, but the hotel definitely caters to an older/family crowd. The first few days, I didn't see a single person under 50 besides the workers. Nothing wrong with that, but for me it would have been nice to know. I loved the spa-esqe atmosphere, just wish I had known that the space was meant for the elderly and families.Bottom line, the hotel wasn't bad, a steal for what we paid. At regular price, it's terrible and well below par. There are definitely nicer places to stay in New York this hotel offers nothing beyond a typical hotel experience. The only way for them to stand out is their service, and it flopped big time. I don't know if it was just an off week, but something is not right here. The hotel was good for what it is, but the lack of couteous service really irked me and will prevent me from returning.	
Aug 18 2009 	dissapointed	we were looking for a nice set up close to central park and based on professional website. We chose the room with backyard (ground floor). Not worthy. It sits by elevator (so nice and traffic). Plus backyard in itself is noisy (all the hotel machinery seems to be behind) so we missed the purpose of selection &quot;quiet and restful in big city&quot;Also, bathroom doesn't have AC/air so gets hot and u have to let door opened. If you plan to use sofa bed, then no more room/a bit crowded. Kitchen old and no sufficient cooking tools. I guess only use for microawe reheating or possibly cook eggs in morning. Also no door between room and kitchen so cooking smell can spread out.Also, the pre register/website prior to arrive send several messages asking for specific requests/choice among a set of services. So we did it. Nothing was delivered as requested. Not we care but what a fuss for nothing. Professional in appearance, less in executionHence, also, nice in check in, rude in check out. Room prepaid. Ask for credit card. Would not answer to customer simple question &quot;why do you need a credit card # if no extra&quot;. Clerck kept repeating question and us ours. While she could have si^mply stated &quot;excuse me, indeed there is no charge and we don t plan to use your card but i need it as our computer system doesn't allow checking out without a number&quot;. Unconvenient/stupide for customer but at least there would have been understanding and communication. So much for smooth handling, friendliness of service. Arrogance and stubborn. Don t care to bring services anymore to the hotel or other of its brand names in other cities...there is plenty of offer around.We were coming from downtown (embassy suites) which we very much like but wanted to be closer to uptown sites and avoid useless trips on subways. If you would redo similar trips, would stay at embassy and not in affinia again.	
Aug 17 2009 	A Great Find On The Upper East Side	If you are interested in a hotel with room for a family in NYC stay at the Affinia Gardens! This is a renovated apartment so the room we stayed in was a 1 bdr with full kitchen, living room and bath. It had ample space to hang out with a pull out sofa in theh living room that the kids shared. They have a pillow menu so you can choose the type of pillow for your stay on their website, plus other amenities. It was a nice neighborhood close to a lot but out of the midtown hectic feel. We paid pre-tax $249 per night for this hotel and that was a bargain for NYC! The hotel has a lovely lobby and tea room where you can enjoy tea and relax. Check their website for specials. The only downside was that you can hear the local traffic, but that's New York.	
Aug 11 2009	Loved this hotel!	My daughter and I stayed at the Affinia Gardens on our first trip to New York and it couldn't have been better. The service was exceptional. Everyone who is affiliated with the hotel is very helpful and professional. The room was more than I could have anticipated. Having a room with a kitchen was the best. The location is so convenient to Central Park, great dining and much more. The Affinia Gardens will be my hotel of choice for all future visits to the Big Apple.	
Aug 5 2009 	This hotel is the best we've stayed at in New York.	We have stayed in a few places around the city before, but for several years now, we always come back to the Affinia Gardens. The rooms are beautiful, with incredibly comfortable beds and pillow choices, all suites with kitchens. We take the garden facing rooms; they are very quiet and relaxing. The staff is top, all service is excellent and absolutely no bad or snooty attitude that many higher end New York hotel employees have. They are welcoming and courteous, and are always willing to help out with any needs you may have. Also, there are many amenities ( I especially love the Aveda products) to make the stay even better. It is in a perfect location, on the Upper East side, close to the museum district and the theater district. The only thing I would say is a drag, is that they have this amazing tea in their &quot;relaxation area&quot;, and it is only made for them, so I can't order any for myself! You should really treat yourselves to a really nice stay in New York.	
Jul 29 2009 	Fantastic - hotel rooms staff and location	The hotel has clean comfortable rooms. The staff were very friendly and it is a short walk to Central Park and the Metro. We would defintatly stay here again	
Jul 27 2009 	Best of the Best! Affinia Gardens is Luxuary at it's Finest!	If it is a business trip or a casual night away, The Affinia Gardens will meet every one of your needs! The service is impeccable and the amenities will keep you coming back again and again! A++ to the individuals that make the Affinia Gardens the Best of the Best!	
Jul 25 2009 	Really great!	I have to share this little gem, it was clean, and friendly, and I love the low key location.I only stayed one night with my family, but I will stay longer next time. We were pleasantly surprised. Thanks Affinia Gardens were enjoyed our stay.	
Jul 24 2009 	Somewhat overrated	I don't know if it is because we moved here after three nights at the impeccable Westin Jersey City Newport, but this hotel was somewhat of a letdown and we couldn't wait to get back to the Westin for our last two nights. We spent four nights at the Affinia Gardens and were offered a king with a bedsofa as opposed to the double queen we had booked as our room was not ready when we arrived. That was after I had politely declined the offer of paying USD40/night for upgrade to a junior suite. Not a problem because if the queen beds were as uncomfortable as the king bed, then we were grateful to have the bedsofa! If all four of us could have fitted in the double bedsofa, we would all have slept there to avoid waking with stiff necks and backs! The bathroom was a very pleasant surprise because, although compact, it was very well designed with half of one wall filled with a mirror and a ledge in front with plenty of room to lay out your toiletries. The white tiling looked quite fresh together with the good lighting. The kitchen was just as expected but we found we only prepared a lighter breakfast there as it was so expensive at the supermarkets a la Food Emporium in the area, that it was not much more expensive to dine out. The room itself was large by any standards and we were on the 6th floor overlooking the hospital and it was quiet at all times. The room was very clean and fortunately we did not experience any evidence of blood stains such as another recent reviewer wrote but we did witness a number of patients being wheeled in and looking the worse for wear (I thought it was only an eye, ear and throat hospital across the road, some of them looked like their were bandaged from head to toe?). The cleaning of the room was without fault, except that our towels were changed every day even though we had hung everything up (with advertising suggesting we do this, but they don't follow through on their environmental thinking since they continually replaced them). The entire establishment, from the lobby to the lifts and shabby carpet, looks tired, but in fairness, it is only a three star establishment. The location is excellent and just ten minutes' walk from Central Park. But what put me off this place is the below par service we received on arrival. We had booked on the internet on a special prepaid rate that actually included HSIA (which would otherwise cost USD15 per day). When I asked them to confirm this when we checked in (since I have read horror stories of guests being charged incorrectly for HSIA at other places), they asked me instead if I had something on paper to prove it. I was also advised in a non-professional manner that we were paying about 70% less than their rack rate, interpreted meaning that we should be lucky to even get a bed for that price, let alone having HSIA included. And the doorman who was standing there quipped in that if everyone paid that rate, soon they would be giving rooms away. Well, firstly, he had no idea what rate we paid but for the record, it cost USD169 per night plus tax and, if the Affinia Gardens does not like selling their rooms at that price, then they shouldn't make such deals available as it was booked directly on their own website via Travelzoo for access to the promo code. So I didn't dare to use the HSIA until I checked again the next day (with the same guy who checked us in) and he could then confirm it was included (but that it would be debited to our account then credited at checkout). The MyAffinia thing didn't work, but this may have been my fault as I did it only a few days prior to arrival and it couldn't match it up with my booking. So it might work next time I stay at an Affinia establishment (which will be never as I love Westin). So there was no pillow menu for us, although they did manage to provide us with the two I asked for at checkin (but again, told us we were really only entitled to one - why then is there a drag and drop action which allows the choosing of up to two pillows?). The BYOB kit was not available nor any of the others due to them being booked by other houseguests so the whole concept of tranquillity and ambience was lost as far as we were concerned. And, although the peppermint tea in the lobby was lovely, we didn't feel welcome enough to sit there and enjoy it after the very lukewarm welcome we received at checkin so we took it up to our room to enjoy and to avoid any possible comments from the staff (like perhaps they would complain that they were offering us a free cup of tea!). Had I known that we could get from WTC to Lex and 59th via Lexington Express train which takes less than 15 minutes, we would have stayed the entire time at the Westin and commuted over to Manhattan, even for getting to Central Park and visiting friends on the Upper East Side.	
Jul 22 2009 	Blood on the walls and stinky room	We stayed here in July 2009. The room was huge but that didn't make up for the cleanliness and overwhelming &quot;hospital smell&quot; that permiated the stale air. There were multiple blood smears on the window blinds and wall. So disgusting. Apparently a lot of people stay here after they get surgery across the street. The drains in the bathroom clogged too. Some of the good things were: relatively quiet location, a nice tea selection, and patio room (but you could smell the cigarette smoke from other people on their patios).	
Jul 21 2009 	Tranquil understated sophistication with the warmth of a European pension	Understated sophistication, with the warmth of a European pension---the Affinia Gardens is truly an oasis of tranquility!That this was our second visit to the Affinia Gardens in a year tells all. From Rhonda at reception to Kris, the doorman, to the housekeeping staff, genuine, unpretentious warmth is the hallmark of this great Upper East Side hotel.But---it would be nice if coffee were returned to the tea bar....	
Jul 21 2009 	It was like my home away from home	My first visit to New York was unforgetable. I could not have asked for a more perfect hotel for our stay. The Affinia Gardens was more than I could have hoped for. Not only was the hotel beautiful, comfortable and clean but the staff could not have been more helpful. The location was great. Many attractions were within walking distance. My family and I can't wait to return to NY - and the Affinia Gardens - for our next vacation!	
Jul 19 2009 	Terrrific place for an extended stay in NYC with family	This hidden jewel of a hotel is THE place to stay if you plan to spend a week or two in NYC on bussiness or vacation. I first heard about it from a good friend who has stayed there every summer for a number of years. The rooms are spatious and have a full kitchen - which allows you to significantly cut on the cost of meals during the vacation.The staff is courteous and friendly. The service in general is second to none.The location is terrific - in a quiet neighborhood on the upper east side yet only a few blocks from Central Park and Rockfeller center...	
Jul 12 2009 	Biggest Rooms for Best Value in NYC	I've stayed in a couple of other Affinia hotels in NY and they are generally great, but the Affinia Gardens was outstanding because of the size and comfort of the room for the price paid. Can't imagine beating this anywhere in midtown NYC. NOTE: stay on the back side of the hotel, as it overlooks a park and is very quiet. Service was also great, staff very helpful and friendly. Very highly recommended.	
Jul 6 2009 	The best family choice in NYC	Let me start by saying that &quot;I don't do reviews&quot;. But we just got back from a trip to Manhattan with the kids and staying at the Affinia Gardens Hotel which was simply spectacular. We live in the tri-state area and I work in NYC, but when we were looking for a hotel to stay with the kids I wasn't looking for a traditional business hotel. I found the Affinia through the Children's Museum of Manhattan which was one of our stops with the kids (great for 3 to 6 year olds). During check-in the staff was very friendly and did whatever they could to ensure that our stay got off on the right foot. The location is fantastic, off the beaten path enough to be quiet but close to the Museums, Central Park, The Upper East Side, Upper West Side, Time Square and the Theater District. Our room was LARGE, comfortable, refreshingly cool, quiet and clean. We had a separate bedroom from the kids, which is what we were looking for. There are plenty of restaurants on 1st, 2nd and 3rd avenues or via a short cab ride. There is no restaurant in the hotel but they offer fast in-room delivery from several local places which we took advatage of twice. The cost was also very competitive for NYC especially given the size of the room and the fact that it had a kitchen in our two room suite. I really can't say enough about this hotel other than to add that it helped make this trip one of the best we have ever taken with the kids!! FIVE STARS.	
Jul 1 2009 	Best in New York City	The Gardens surpassed our expectations while staying in New York City. The service was exceptional, the front desk was helpful when we needed help with the television, directions, and suggestions for sight seeing. The room was very large, clean and neatly appointed. The location was exceptional, close to all the attractions and dining establishments. What we liked the best was how quiet the neighborhood was in the evenings, giving us an opportunity to get a great nights sleep. I would highly recommend this to business travelers, couples, and families. We had a wonderful four night experience there.	
Jun 26 2009 	Perfect location great room great staff	We stayed here in a one bed apartment for a week with our 15 year old. We were a little worried the bedroom may be cramped and planned to use the sofa bed if need be. It was used only once when the teenager wanted to stay up late watching TV and he said it was comfy enough. As it was the whole place was huge, walked into the sitting room area which is twice the size of a standard hotel room, with sofa/bed, chair, tv, desk and coffee table. Bedroom massive with 2 large double beds and ample storage space for us all, plus a tv. The kitchen is small, with perhaps too many cupboards but is fully equipped with gas cooker/oven, microwave, diswasher, kettle, toaster and a very large fridge-freezer. Eating/drinking untensils for 4 provided as well as pans etc. The bathroom is small, and perhaps one of the few downsides of the place, the toilet is immediately in the door and a bit of the door had to be cut out to accomodate this. Bath is small and we were unable to use it as the plug did not work properly but that was a minor issue we didn't bother with as the shower was more than adequate..Location couldn't be better, near to plenty of local shops ( check out the food emporium just at the end of the street on 3rd) and dining areas. Our first night we walked to Central Park which is straight down about 15 minutes stroll. Bloomingdales is also no more than 10 minutes walk away (but not worth the trip in our opinion) There are a couple of subway stations within walking distance but to be honest we preferred to walk or get a cab as the subway can be a bit of a hassle. China Fun restaurant is just down the road and on the first night we ordered in, food delivered in 15 minutes and so much of it we couldn't finish it all. There are loads of places to eat nearby for all tastes and budgets, as a vegan/vegettarian/diabetic and nut allergy containing family we had no problem at all eating out so if we can do it anyone can.The staff at the hotel are 100% customer focused, everyone we met was polite and helpful, special mention to Chris the conscierge who was there when we arrived and left making our life easier. He arranged a car to take us to the airport,a beautiful Lincoln for 75dollars..a bit of an extravagence but it was worth it. there is also the facility to print your boarding pass for free from the hotel in the lobby, again a small touch that makes the difference. You can view your ongoing bill via the TV at anytime and an itemised bill was posted under our door on our last night. Check in and out were both speedy and efficient.The Air Conditioning was a welcome relief and easy to control. We had pre-booked special pillows and a walking tour pack, both were in the room, though there was no ipod in walking pack as advertised but it was no hassle as we wouldn't have used it.Room was cleaned to a high standard each day, we left a tip on the pillow every morning!Only a couple of small issues. one was the charge for a bottle of water, it was in a walking tour pack we had ordered ( for free) so we assumed it was gratis too, but we were charged over 7 dollars for it,( a litre of water!!) unless you are really thirsty don't bother with it - you can walk to the shop and stock up on drinks there - and the cost of the internet access is we felt a tad excessive, we paid 62.95 for the week, ( you can use the hotel lobby for 6.95 for 15 minutes if preferred), it was useful to have but in this day and age there really should be no charge or a nominal charge for wifi access. It was fairly slow too and not the high-speed we expected.We had no issues with noise from other guests or staff and had a good peaceful nights sleep each night.All in all we would highly recommend this hotel, it is well placed, clean, well equipped and staffed by excellent people. You can probably get cheaper but if you want a spacious central place this is well worth the cost. The neighbourhood is extremely safe and vibrant without being overpowering. If we ever make it back to NYC this will be our first port of call.	
Jun 19 2009 	Huge room (for NYC) and private patio	On arrival we were upgraded from a junior suite to a patio suite - the room was the largest I've ever seen in New York City, and the private (if you don't count the neighboring highrises) patio was enormous. We also got a full kitchen.We were a little concerned that the hotel had no restaurant as we needed to get out early and wanted a room service breakfast - not to worry, the room had menus for several neighborhood restaurants that would deliver and put the charge on the room. We ordered breakfast and had it in the room in under 15 minutes.Location is excellent - walking distance to Central Park, shopping on 5th and Park avenues and the Met.	
Jun 18 2009 	Absolutely great service	Our second stay at Affinia Gardens. Staff turnover is virtually non-existent, which indicates that management knows that when the staff is happy, so are the guests. Never had an unanswered question. Never saw a face that didn't have a smile. When we dealt with someone even one time, they never forgot our names (I'd love to know that secret). Special kudos to Latoya, Michael, Chris, and Alex, who really knows what his guests want, even before they ask.Affinia Gardens is the only place on our list for future NYC visits.	
Jun 14 2009 	Large rooms and great ambience	I stayed here for a week on business and was accompanied by my wife and toddler. We selected this hotel because of the location (close to Central Park) and the fact that it had separate kitchenette, which was useful for our young son.The room is probably one of the largest I have stayed in in New York city - very spacious - with plenty of crawling and walking room for the toddler. The bathroom was small, but that was not such a big issue. Great food delivered from the Italian restaurant on the corner (Accamedia de Vino) and a supermarket close by. Don't be fooled by the &quot;tea room&quot; on the ground floor - really just an extension of the lobby. The staff were great and I would stay here again.	
Jun 9 2009 	We couldn't have had a better experience!	We stayed 4 nights and the service was great. The first night we had a small graduation get-together for our son and Emily (who was in charge of housekeeping because someone else was gone) was a huge help! She checked to see if we needed anything and was very pleasant. Our stay couldn't have been better. The room was very nice and the personnel at the front desk were gracious. I would highly recommend staying here.	
Jun 4 2009 	Convenient Location Good Rates Mixed Service Experience	We paid the bargain price of around $250+tax which was an incredible bargain for a centrally located 1BR suite in Manhattan. The suite was spacious and had great amenities for a family with kids (microwave, stove, dishwasher). Bathroom was small but made great use of space and the products were excellent. Carpet in the suite was stained quite badly and is probably due for replacement, but otherwise the unit was clean and felt updated. Our only complaint is that the quality of housekeeping on the first day was exceptionally poor with the tub left dirty, not all towels replaced, and water left on the kitchen floor. On subsequent days the service was to standard though I'm sure it was because I left a generous tip on the pillow. Hotel staff were helpful and cordial, though could have been more friendly. I would recommend this hotel to young families and others looking for a well located suite, so long as the rate remains competitive.	
May 30 2009 	Nice quiet base to explore the city	My wife and i managed to obtain three nights in a junior suite here for a bargain price. On arrival we were greeted very courteously, and everything we had asked for was in the room. The suite itself was huge, with facilities for cooking, making drinks etc. It was perfectly clean and comfortable, although parts are looking a bit dated and tired (this seemed to be our experience all round the US, unless you have mega bucks!), so for the money we were happy. Not having been to the US before, we found the location quiet (we were on the 12th floor) and a good place to explore NYC from. The subway is less than 5 mins on foot, and very easy to navigate. Within 10 mins walk you can be at Tiffanys and the other exuberant shops on 5th. The only thing i would mention is that you'll need to buy your own tea/coffee as this is not supplied. If you want wifi this is extra as well. Other than that we really enjoyed our stay and would recommend it as a great base to explore NYC.	
May 26 2009 	overrated	We stayed 5 nights in april at the end of a three week NY trip, quite frankly i found the hotel to be overrated and over priced for what it was. We stayed at Affinia Manhattan and found the staff there to be much more personable and competent than at Affinia Gardens and found the rooms, although more dated more adequate for the price we paid.We had a junior suite i think it's called at AG, the first room we had was huge, on the 10th floor at the front of the building but we were only there two of our four nights as someone directly below us was smoking and it was filtering up through the vents and choking us. As it's supposed to be a non smoking hotel this was unacceptable and the way it was handled by management quite unsatisfactory, in fact i emailed a complaint through the website on return from NY and never received a response, this was typical of the management style we observed during our stay. Whatever you do don't buy breakfast at the hotel, we received it free as compensation for our terrible first two night and we threw it out it was so terrible, when i told the front desk on check out (they tried to ccharge us for a supposedly free breakfast too) they just shrugged and said sorry to hear you didn't enjoy it. The pastries were stale, coffee was bad, a granola/museli bar and a bottle of apple juice in a paper bag...what a rip off, glad we didnt pay for it.anyway, this was the most expensive hotel we stayed in during our stay and that included stays at two Thompson hotels which were far superior and in a completely different league, but $40 a night cheaper, go figure, i wouldn't bother with Affinia Gardens again and have told my friends not to bother for their trips.	
May 21 2009 	Overpriced and charmless	We often stay at Affinia hotels, because they are suite hotels, which have studios with kitchens. We hadn't stayed at the Affinia Garden, which was probably a converted apartment building. The room was large, clean, with huge bathroom; the bed was good. The style was stark, minimalist, mono-tonal - an unfriendly look. There is no restaurant, but guests can order from a menu, and the breakfast is delivered from a local shop - better than I expected. The neighborhood is mostly residential, with a hospital across the street - nothing interesting to walk to. One computer, for which extra was charged, on the main floor.	
May 20 2009	Loved the Affinia Gardens	Beautiful hotel. Have stayed in NYC a few times, and this hotel is very different than what you'd expect from NYC. The room was amazing, and it is much quieter than any other NYC hotels Ive stayed in. Being in a very quite part of Manhattan this hotel allows you to relax after a chaotic NYC day. The rooms are very clean and staff is excelent.	
May 13 2009 	Great Customer service..I can't wait to check in	I made a reservation for my 83 year old parents, who are coming to NYC for my daughters graduation from Pace U. Some major concerns had come up. I called the hotel directly and requested to speak to the manager. In this day and age, it is extremely difficult to talk to someone that can make decisions. It was one of the best customer service experience I've had in a long time. I want to thank Marjorie for making some seniors very happy (and daughter, and granddaughter, etc)	
May 6 2009 	Great Hotel	My sisters and I stayed in this hotel for a long weekend at the end of April. Although our room wasn't ready on arrival (4.30pm) the staff did there best to get it ready for us and left a bottle of wine as compensation. They alaso gave us complimentary breakfast-- we really couldn't have asked for more. We had a one bedroom suite with a bedroom with 2 queen beds, a large living area with a sofa bed, kitchenette and a nice bathroom. Great shower! The hotel was in a good location not far from the subway but nice and quiet. Would definetley reccomend to anyone visiting the Big Apple	
May 5 2009 	Affinia Gardens weekend with kids	My recent weekend with my wife and kids (6, 3) in NYC started off with some difficulty, was great fun through most of the trip and ended terribly.We all enjoyed the Amtrak ride from Boston to NYC and transferred smoothly via taxicab from Penn Station to Affinia Gardens on the Upper East Side. Thankfully, the stroller fit into the cab's trunk! On arrival at Affinia Gardens, our room was not ready yet. No worries since we were a few minutes early for normal check-in time and we were happy to go for a walk through Central Park. But 90 minutes later when we returned the room still wasn't ready. Fortunately the manager stepped in and offered us temporary use of a smaller room to get cleaned up for dinner. When we returned from dinner around 8pm, there still further confusion about whether our room was ready but we were eventually given a key... to a room that was already occupied. Back to the front desk where the manager got involved again and finally got us to the right room.While checking in was a big hassle and the desk clerk was tough to deal with, the manager and bellhop were both friendly, helpful and did their best to remedy our problems.We were impressed by the size of the Affinia's rooms, especially in light of the reasonable price and because most hotel rooms in NYC are really small. The temporary room we used was on the first floor and had a great outdoor patio. Both rooms had kitchenettes which is a big help when traveling with kids. Only drawback was in the bathroom where the toilet was so close to the bathroom door that the swinging door actually hit the toilet seat. It was difficult to get in and out of the bathroom without putting the toilet seat up. The hotel was well located for our visit with friends and family who mostly live on the upper east side. It was walking distance to several kid-oriented attractions including the Central Park Zoo, Dylan's Candy Bar, and Serendipity's. And we chanced upon a nice playground about 3 blocks away.All in all, good stay at the Affinia Gardens. Followed by a terrible time at Penn Station with canceled trains and then a Hertz reservation at a location with no cars. But that is another story...	
May 2 2009 	Very nice hotel on Upper East Side	We just returned from a two-night stay here. The hotel was a pleasant surprise. I could not believe the size of our room (206) -- it was huge by NYC standards, with a small kitchenette, and a large L-shaped main space with a king bed and a sofa bed, nicely appointed. We usually stay in one of the larger hotels like the Sheraton or Westin, but from now on I will always try to stay here. As noted, the staff is extremely nice. The only annoyance is the pay internet. People who were commenting on the lack of restaurants apparently did not walk over to 2nd Ave, where there are lots of coffee-shop and pizza-type places, or over to 3rd Ave, there is a stylish wine bar/Italian restaurant right at the corner.	
Apr 27 2009 	Very Nice Hotel in NYC	This hotel is wonderful. Nice, clean, large spacious room. Just a few blocks from the subway. Great locationon UES. Quiet residential neighborhood. Two grocery stores, Food Emporium and Gourmet Garage, on the next block. Nice to have the small kitchen. Aveda bath products. Staff was excellent. Pet friendly. My dog loved walking over to Central Park.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great location exceptional service.	We have stayed at other Affinia properties and have been impressed. Our stay at Affinia Gardens was better than expected. We requested a room with a balcony. Awesome! The staff is very courteous and helpful. We used the Valet parking which was easy. We had two adults, two teenagers and one 9 yr old. We had plenty of room. It is so much nicer than a &quot;hotel&quot;. It's like borrowing an upscale NYC apartment for the weekend. The price is very reasonable for the location, size of room and service received. We will be back. If you arrive late and are hungry, Jackson Hole is right across the street with an excellent burger, you have to look for it, it's in the basement.	
Apr 5 2009 	The staff are truly helpful	I had a brief two night business stay here. As mentioned on Trip Advisor, the hotel staff are great. They seem more than willing to assist in any way you may ask. They booked a car for my very early morning trip back to JFK ($75)My only disappointment was a main floor room (#107) adjacent to the elevators which had very tired carpets and noise from the hall and elevators.I did jog to and around Central Park, walked to Guggenheim (sp?) and the Met. Location is good however I would ask for advise on local restaurants. There were not as many towards Park Ave as I expected. Probably lots nearby just not were I looked.	
Apr 2 2009 	Friendliest staff in New York	We spent 4 nights at the end of March and we were very pleased with Affinia Gardens. The subway was a quick walk away, the room was super clean and the location was super quiet. The best part was the staff. The desk staff, concierge, and cleaning staff were all very friendly and addressed us by name. If we ever make it back to NYC we will be at Affinia again.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great location. Big room. Quiet street. What's not to like?	When I travel with my son, who is 19, we like to be able to get away from each other, We stayed four nights in a suite here. two queen beds in the bed room and a large living room with a sleepable couch, plus a kitchen bigger than most nyc apartment kitchens. the hotel itself wasrunning a special, sniffed out through travelzoo. $199 per night. it's a quick walk to the F or the 4/6 trains. and of course the neighborhood itself has everything from Bloomies to the Whitney. Sushi Seki down on 1st serves until 2:30 a.m. the hotel itself is heavily weighted toward rooms and away from public space, if that makes any sense. not much of a lobby or business center. no bar or restaurant. but our room was big and peaceful. they even have a pillow menu, where you can order from 6 possible esoteric choices. (if you have problems with city noise, get the buckwheat pillow and drape it over your head. it mkes a nice little cocoon.) pillows. my only complaints: $14 for internet. i hate that. and the little cd player in our room was broken, not that we really cared. i was kind of expecting an ipod docking station.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great NYC Value	Stayed here with my 11 year old. The highlight was the modern, spacious room that allowed us to spread out and enjoy ourselves. The lobby is small, but the service staff was always friendly and helpful. It's in a nice Upper East Side neighborhood between 2nd and 3rd. I wouldn't mind returning there for a longer stay.	
Feb 22 2009 	great value for upper east side	Stayed for 4 nights in feb 2009. Great location on UES. Rooms very large, sort of a junior suite, and well appointed except for chintzy curtain fronted armoire/closet. Bed and pillows were extraordinary, one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever experienced. In this day and age internet access, whetehr wired or wi-fi should be included in the price of the room.	
Feb 21 2009 	Decent relatively quiet location in NYC with v helpful saff	Picked this hotel due to reviews (other option Affinia Dumont fully booked). For NY this was a relatively quiet location as a side street on Upper East Side. Rooms were good size with v comfy beds and pillows. Kitchen facilities excellent - reason why I chose an apartment rather than straight forward hotel. Bathroom small but clean and functional. Staff were really helpful particularly when I was having problems phoning the airport to confirm my transport. Doorman, as mentioned by others, was really happy and friendly. Tourist sites were easy to access via the subway and both Central Park and 5th Avenue a short walk away. Strongly recommend you go to Statue of Liberty early i.e. get to Castle Clinton by 8am, as queues are huge due to stringent security checks both before getting on boat and at the statue itself.	
Feb 18 2009 	A Hidden Gem Perfect for Families	As parents to an almost-3-year-old and an almost-1-year-old, both of them difficult sleepers, we've come to dread overnight trips. We're knowledgeable visitors to New York City but only recently were referred to the Affinia Gardens. We're so glad we now know about this hidden gem.Our one-bedroom suite had two elements that were crucial for our stay with the kids: a separate living room and bedroom, and a kitchen. I shared the bedroom (2 queen beds) with our daughter. My wife slept on the pull-out couch in the living room, beside our son's crib. (More on the crib, another unexpected bonus, in a moment.) The two kids didn't wake each other. For that matter, we hardly heard any noise from upstairs, next door or even outside during our two-night stay.The kitchen was basic but so nice to have. We bought groceries at Food Emporium a half-block away when we arrived and so had snacks and breakfast food for the kids throughout our stay. Microwave, toaster oven, basic dishes and silverware, dishwasher. There's also a small coffee maker, but who needs that, when the lobby offers such a lovely coffee-and-tea bar around the clock? What a nice touch.The crib -- solid, clean, more a piece of furniture than the foldable pack-and-play that so many hotels now offer -- sealed the deal for us and made us huge fans of this hotel.We never made it to the gym and didn't order breakfast for morning delivery, so we don't know about those features. I bit the bullet when my daughter wanted to open a bottle of Vitamin Water from the hotel-supplied stash in the refrigerator, then was happy to see the cost was &quot;only&quot; $4.88, a smaller markup than I'd expect in a Manhattan hotel.For us, the location was ideal, since we were visiting a family member who lives just two blocks away. Obviously, some NYC visitors would prefer to be closer to the heart of midtown. But at 62nd and 3rd, the Affinia Gardens is a pleasant and reasonable walk to Central Park, the heart of 5th Avenue, museums, etc. And the personal attentiveness of the staff would be a huge help and comfort to anybody tackling NYC as a first-time visitor.I've used TripAdvisor for years, but this is the first time I've been moved to write a review. That's how happy I was with our experience.	
Dec 31 2008	WHAT A GEM! Affinia Gardens is TOP NOTCH!	We traveled to NYC on a family trip with our two children and another family. We did a lot of research about hotels and what would be a good fit for a family. The Affinia Gardens was perfect. We stayed in a Junior suite which offered two queen size beds with incredible bedding and pillows. There was a TV area that had a recliner and really made the room feel very spacious. Our family of four was very comfortable in the room. The kitchen was a nice bonus. There's a market/grocery store right around the corner and we were able to buy bagels, fruit and snacks for breakfast.The staff is top notch. They bent over backwards to make our stay perfect. They were so friendly and offered all kinds of help from printing out boarding passes to securing a driver for us to return to the airport. We enjoyed the coffee in the morning, and the tea that's available all of the time in the lobby. It's a neat little hotel tucked away in a quiet neighborhood. We felt very safe and secure at this location. It's convenient to a lot of things... and on the days the kids were tired, we just took a cab. We will recommend this hotel to anyone we hear traveling to NYC. It's just terrific. The manager, Alex Spector, is truly doing something right. The Evans from Richmond, VA	
Dec 13 2008 	Great find	I have just returned from a five day break to New York and stayed at Affinia Gardens. What a find! I've stayed in several other NY hotels but Affinia Gardens far outstrips the others. Our room was spacious and comfortable, quiet and spotless. The beds were divinely comfortable! We stayed on the 10th floor, facing the street and noise was not a problem. Location is great, near Central Park, lots of museums and galleries, Bloomingdales is a gentle stroll, and the subway nearby. Local shops (Gourmet Garage, Food Emporium and CVS) very accessible and we tried a few local restauranrts with China Fun the hands down winner! I have two small complaints: (i) Internet access is expensive and I believe should be free to guests and (ii) I have seen a number of reviews extolling the Tuesday Wine and Cheese night. Perhaps this no longer takes place, but if it does I am surprised that it was not brought to our attention.	
Dec 2 2008 	Lovely Hotel	We stayed here recently (2 adults and a child). We had a one bedroom suite which worked out very well. The suite was huge--large sitting area, kitchen, two very comfortable beds. We really enjoyed our stay here, the room was quiet, and the hotel felt clean and well looked after. The building is older, so you will notice older plumbing, carpets are a little worn etc. That didn't detract from how nice our room was though. The staff were also very friendly. Would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 1 2008 	Biggest and quietest room I've had in NYC	Just to endorse others' positive comments -- our room was spacious enough for our family of four; the beds and bedding were high quality, and the staff were courteous. Despite being next to the elevator, the room was very quiet - almost no street noise whatever.	
Nov 29 2008 	Lovely spacious hotel in NYC	Affinia Gardens in NYC is a quite, tranquil hotel that is family-friendly, welcoming and has spacious rooms. My family secured two same-floor doubles to accommodate our family of grandparents, parents and two nine-year olds, we enjoyed a four-day, pre-Thanksgiving trip to New York. The hotel is well-located (we walked to Central Park) and close to nice neighborhood restaurants and trendy shops on Lexington and Madison. Each room (formerly an apartment) includes an updated, spacious bathroom and a well-equipped though small kitchen. The kitchen made traveling with kids especially comfortable. The small, inviting and comfy lobby has perfect for morning coffee/hot tea and newspaper reading for the early risers in our group. The furnishings and bedding were top-notch and spotless. The staff was helpful, friendly and eager to please. We would recommend Affinia Gardens to others and hope to book it for a return visit.	
Nov 28 2008 	Can't fault Affinia Gardens	Can't fault the Affinia Gardens.The location is excellent, close to central park, 5th Avenue and Subway. Shops and restaurants close by.The Staff were very polite and helpful, nothing seemed to be too much troubleThe room was large and very comfortable with a well equiped kitchen.Would highly recommend if you are traveling with children or infants.	
Nov 25 2008 	Will return 	We booked this hotel based upon other reviews on this site and found its location to be superb. 5 minute walk to Central Park, 35 minute walk to Times Square etc allowed easy access to the main attractions whilst being on the quieter part of the city to allow relaxtion at the end of each day.The suite was huge by city standards and although a little on the tired side in parts was clean with housekeeping done everyday with clean towels etc etc. The staff made our stay memorable for their easy going, very friendly, helpfull and proffessional manner.Would definatly stay again and recommend to any prospective traveller.	
Nov 23 2008 	Best Hotel I've Stayed At in Years	This was one of my most relaxing vacations in years. If I had to recommend only one hotel in would be the Affinia Gardens. Great Staff nice reception hour and excellent service. I will be telling all of my friends about the Gardens. Keep up the good work.	
Nov 9 2008 	Excellent Stay	Thoroughly enjoyed my recent stay at the Affinia Gardens. Spacious, comfortable room which was elegantly furnished, and with modern comforts. Most importantly, room was quiet, with no street noise. Hotel reception and tea bar were excellent.Staff were at all times attentive, courteous and well-informed, and focused on the well-being of guests.Would strongly recommend hotel.	
Nov 7 2008 	Praise from Aus	We stayed at Affinia Gardens for our first trip to NYC - all the way from Australia, and with an 8 year old in tow. The price was more than reasonable (though the Aussie dollar was high at the time), the room really comfortable, and staff incredibly helpful. Would stay there again in a flash!	
Oct 24 2008 	less than tranquil this time	We've stayed at the Affinia Gardens on previous visits to NY. While the rooms are generally more spacious than many NY hotels, I must say that the property is beginning to look a bit shabby, with peeling wallpaper and tired carpets. The beds are very comfortable and the bath rooms spacious enough, with white fluffy towels. The rooms have a mini-kitchen which can be convenient, of course. Funny, on my departure, I've always left unopened sodas and juices for the next guest. This was the first time my husband had sodas and I, a juice. I was surprised to be charged. Silly me. I guess I'd been supplementing the hotel's charges to other guests! I just wasn't thinking!On this visit, we experienced a very uncomfortable and surprising situation. The temp in the room was 75 and we couldn't get the AC to produce cool air. We phoned the desk and were told that only HEAT was available, the AC was no longer operating. Off for the season! We were offered a FAN. To move the hot air around? The desk seemed to commiserate. What could they do? No, we can't provide AC? So sorry!We had to open the window and listen to traffic and sirens. The only other time we had such an experience was in Siclily when we stayed in a converted convent, but this was NY, the Big Apple.So, dear traveler, be forewarned.	
Oct 21 2008 	Good location. Disappointed in maintenance and cleanliness.	Terrific location on Upper East Side. Nice decor. Very courteous desk personnel. My carpet was dirty, and I asked them to clean it. Never done. Maintenance of room could be better -- peeling wallpaper, grout needing to be replaced, etc. Maybe this was because I was in one of the cheapest rooms. (My brother and his wife had no complaints about their room.) Overall, I was disappointed.	
Oct 14 2008 	Peaceful	The Affinia Gardens is perfectly located on a quiet street close to Central Park and numerous restaurants. This is a small property which allows the staff to pay special attention to their guests. The doorman greeted me every morning by name. The staff was pleasant and the rooms are absolutely terrific. The beds and bedding are luxurious and the rooms are all suite type rooms with a small kitchen. I would recommend this property to anyone who is spending any significant time in Manhattan as it is a great place to set up your base to visit the Big Apple.	
Oct 8 2008 	This Affinia did not meet our expectations...	I am a big fan of Affinia Hotels and usually stay at another property in New York City. This time this hotel offered the best rate and the location was okay for us. We arrived pretty early and I asked for a room not near the elevator. The front desk manager promptly sent me to room 701 right next to elevator and service areas. I went back down but he had nothing else for this early check in so we kept it. It was noisy with the rings from the elevator and staff hanging out. It was only two nights so just put up with it. The general look of the hotel was awful in the hallways...very soiled carpet and dated looking. The actual junior suite was okay but very small bathroom. The &quot;Zen&quot; ambiance consisted of a lobby area with some sort of tea counter.. the &quot;Zen&quot; atmosphere was further enhanced by loud rap music. The web site said this hotel was the quiet hotel.. Had pre-order the special pillows (a feature of Affinia) and they were not there. The staff tried but this place just does not have the polish of the Affinia 50 or any of the other properties and I would not stay here again.	
Sep 15 2008 	What a great hotel hidden away in NY	Was so impressed with this hotel. The rooms were HUGE. So rare for NY. Clean, spacious. Air Con, 2 double beds with lovely, soft linen. Good sized bathroom. Friendly, helpful staff. Great value. Perfect location - near everything, but in a quiet street, away from all the noise.Only suggestions for improvement - better lights in the bedroom, bigger towels, slightly troublesome internet connection.Would totally stay there again and would recommend to friends.	
Sep 6 2008 	Nice peaceful place in the Big Apple	Prior to our very first trip to New York the big challange was to identify a hotel which combined tranquillity with the proximity to the heart of the city. The Affinia Gardens perfectly reflect this compromise by its friendly staff, spacious rooms (in our case equipped with a functional kitchen) and optimal location between the 2nd and 3rd streets on the 64th. It's always nice (and to us most important) to have the chance to rest in a comfortable environment after a fatiguing day discovering the wide streets and amenities of the Big Apple. Will recommend it to friends who plan to spend some days in NY later this year. Only concerning the taxi drive to the airport we would suggest to use the official cabs instead of the private limousine organized by the hotel. Needing the same amount of time to reach the JFK Airport as we did to trasfer from it to the city at our arrival, we paid about 15% more for the solution proposed by Affinia. But the bottom line rests the same: We had a great time at Affinia Gardens and will come back!	
Sep 2 2008	REALLY Pet-Friendly	We just returned from four nights at the Affinia Gardens near central park. The room, the staff and the location are unbeatable!The room was huge! We had a large living room, a kitchen and a bedroom with two queen beds. The bathroom was small, but it didn't bother us at all.The staff was fantastic. We travelled with our two dogs, and they brought a gift bag, bowls, and a sign for the door to let house keeping know if the pets were alone so they would not be disturbed. They take &quot;pet-friendly&quot; to a whole new level. As a couple that frequently travels with our dogs, we really appreciate that.Finally the location is perfect. The hotel is only a few blocks from Central Park, four short blocks to the subway and steps away from 2nd Avenue, which must have a hundred restaurants with outdoor seating within walking distance of the hotel. We will be back, without a doubt!	
Sep 2 2008 	Absolutely fantastic!!	Stayed here for a hen trip with 3 of my girlfriends for 3 nights. We only booked 1 room which was fine as the beds were huge as was the room/suite.Room contained a small kitchenette which was perfect for storing bottles of wine! Was enough space for 4 girls all with big cases and lots of shopping.Staff are friendly and very helpful.Hotel location is excellent - walking distance from Bloomingdales, Central Park and subway stations.The only complaint is that we arrived at noon but were not able to check in until 3 - my fault though as should have checked before we came.I would certainly stay here again - it is peaceful and very clean, the prices see to have gone up by alot since we stayed though!	
Sep 1 2008 	Loved it!	Booked this hotel for mine and my b/f's first trip to NYC. It was fantastic - in a good, quiet location. Hotel room was huge with separate fully-equipped kitchen and seating area.Spotlessly clean and well maintained throughout our stay.Although it is a bit far out than some other hotels - we enjoyed our time spent at Affinia without question. Great little bakers nearby where we got fabulous pancakes and waffles for breakfast.Would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Aug 29 2008 	Good hotel	This is a good hotel with huge rooms which are great for families. I was very happy overall, although the hotel's emphasis on 'tranquility' was a little too forced. Would recommend for families who need a big room and good sized kitchen attached.	
Aug 26 2008	Affinia Gardens - The Jewel of Manhattan/NYC	My physician recommended Affinia Gardens as not only a wonderful place to recuperate after my surgery, but also one located in the heart of the city with close proximity to everything NY has to offer,. From the hotel's brochure, the place certainly appeared accomodating, but not much more. Boy, was I wrong! As a person who has frequented the best hotels from Europe to Asia and the Soviet Union to South America to the Middle East, Affinia Gardens ranks right up there with the best of them. Who knew? The rooms are spacious, well-appointed, comfortable, and provide all one needs to lounge, work, or socialize right within your own suite. Housekeeping is superb (Thank you, Chandra), keeping rooms immaculate, linens and toiletries fresh and plentiful, and all living aspects in top repair. The place is so well managed that NOTHING is allowed to look the slightest bit compromised or askew or engineering arrives with a new shower head (I didn't even know I needed one), a brighter light bulb, or a glue gun to fasten the corner of a shade that may have begun to curl. Amazing! Add to all of this a warm and wonderful staff who really goes out of their way to make you feel at home, and you will not want to leave. I know. I stayed for six weeks and at no time was the staff, the service, or accomodations anything less than superior. From now on, Affinia Gardens is my NYC destination pointLook no further.	
Jul 28 2008 	Beyond Expectation!	My husband recently had to work in NYC over a weekend. With his company picking up the tab, I decided to join him and bring along our almost 3 year old son for his first trip to the city. We were looking for a property with a separate sleeping area and a fridge near Central Park -- WOW! This place was beyond expectation!This property is in a relatively quiet area within easy walking distance of the Central Park Zoo. The lobby is intimate and the front desk staff very friendly -- Melissa was a big hit with our son!We were pleased to be upgraded -- not certain of the difference except a nice bonus, a very large balcony (Room 1104). Would have been even better to have a couple of chairs or a small table on the balcony as the weather was pretty nice both evenings of our stay -- not a complaint, just a suggestion!The room was a 1-bedroom suite. Very large, even compared to same outside of NYC! So, extremely large for NYC! Everything was clean -- even the small kitchen. We didn't take advantage of the stove, toaster, or coffee maker -- but the fridge and dishes / silverware were put to use. We ordered in dinner both nights from two of the three nearby restaurants that have a delivery relationship with the hotel -- Italian and American. Both were very good.Check-out was easy. Michael held our bags so that we could grab a bite and then ran down the block to call us a cab.Have already recommended this property to co-workers. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 28 2008 	Quiet hotel good stay	Stayed at the Affinia Gardens for a weekend getaway. Very clean and spacious room. Our room had a full kitchen, but we didn't use it. Really liked the hotel's proximity to Central Park. For people that want the hustle and bustle of NYC (Times Square, etc), this is not the hotel for you. The Affinia Gardens is a clean, modern, relaxing hotel that is located in a residential neighborhood. Will definitely return to Affinia Gardens when I am in NYC again.	
Jul 1 2008 	LOVED the Affinia	My family of five just returned form a weeks stay at the Affinia Gardens NYC. We had a one bedroom suite. I was a little concerned with five of us staying in one room but I shouldn't have been worried, the room was huge! It had a large bedroom area with 2 double beds and a Very large siiting room with a fold out bed, a nice, fully appointed kitchen and a nice size bathroom(the water pressure in the shower was great for NYC). The hotel offerd a complimentary tea bar in the lobby.They also provided a pillow menu . The location was great, just around the corner from a subway and you are off! There was a good little diner around the corner that served a good breakfast and Alices Tipsy Teapot, right across the street, is a must for all of you tea lovers. The BEST thing about the Affinia Gardens is the staff! Krys, Nicole Latoya, and Rhonda were wonderful! They were always ready to assist us in anything we needed from Yankees tickets to umbrellas when a storm blew up.I will definately stay at The Affinia Gardens the next time I'm in NYC. It was the best value I have ever experienced in the city. Thanks to everyone at the Affinia Gardens for making our trip one we will always remember:)	
Jun 21 2008 	Quiet Suite Hotel on Upper East Side	Traveling with a baby is always a challenge and traveling to New York City for a few days, baby in tow ,is particularly interesting. How do you find a place to stay where there will be sufficient room for all of you baby's paraphernalia; where there may be some privacy for Mom and Dad; where you do not have to skulk around in fear of other guests muttering and complaining about what you know is your baby's screaming or wailing? We have the place for you. The Affinia Garden Hotel which is found in a quiet upper Eastside neighborhood (there is even a small park that comes with the place) and operates as an all-suite member of the Affinia chain. From all appearances, in one life, this place was an undistinuished apartment building. As an all suite hotel, it is hard to beat particularly if you are traveling with babies or kids. This is not all kid suite hotel either with hordes running up and down the corridors - the demographic is entirely diverse from families, to singles, American and international. We like that.Don't get me wrong. Nothing comes cheap and you will wind ujp paying $450 per night (including taxes) to stay in a &quot;deluxe&quot; one bedroom unit. We had 1205 on the penultimate floor, in the north corner, overlooking the small park. Couldn't have been a better location. The place had a small but functional kitchen, dishes and silverware (a sign noted that you could ask for more and pots and pans as well) with low-end appliances that worked; a nice dining table for four; fold out sofa in the living area, TV, working desk, divan in the entrance area (divan?), separate bedroom, plenty of closet space and a very small, but well equippped, bathroom. The upkeep appeared pretty good other than some peeling paint on the sills and a weird HVAC system that mostly generated cold air but strained to do so in the living room area. Some earlier guest's lost and unfound shoe was also perched against one of the beds. By prearrangement, the staff had installed a workable crib and one call more produced a functioning high chair. There are only two elevators so you will see some delay during the day while the rooms are being serviced.We were immediately impressed by the professionalism of the staff from the bellmen to all of the desk clerks and other support staff. Be sure to indulge in some of their cucumber water. Everone seemed enthusiastic and happy to have us there and nobody acted as though the presence of a baby would in any way impede or disrupt the operation. We wound up keeping the baby in the bedroom and that worked out fine. Feeding time was, as you might expect, somewhat messy and I would recommend to the Hotel that they lay in some 4x4 plastic mats that can be placed under the highchair - nobody want's to be rubbing and cleaning Jr. Pasta and Vegetables off the carpet.If you are high flying, I would go for the Penthouse suites - they are larger, and have a balcony and larger bathroom to boot.The Hotel offers take-out from thre local restaurants - Chinese, Italian and Diner, all of which are located within a block. We ate a lot of diner food from the Silver Star and it was good. There are all conveniences within a block or two - ATMs, dry cleaning, pharmacy, organic grocery stores, restaurants and more. It is a relatively quiet location. It also offers a lot of spa type facilities that we had no time to indulge in.Our babysitting service was not affiliated with the Hotel and was typical - running about $100 per night with tips etc. cash only please.We will probably stay at the Affinia the next time we are in NY even if the baby is not with us. It is a pretty good value for the buck.	
Jun 18 2008 	People with bandages and not clean enough	I have read the other reviews and agree with the statements about convenience and the friendliness of the staff. However, I would trade a friendly staff for a very clean room. There was dried food on the kitchen counter, smudges, stained rug, and worst was some blood near the bathroom on the wall. There are a lot of people recouperating from surgery here as there is an ear, nose, and throat hospital directly across the street. My kids did not like seeing people with black eyes and bandages. I was bothered by the smell - a sort of sick hospital smell covered by a windex smell. The staff was so incredibly nice and tried their hardest to make everything acceptable. It was the nicest staff I have encountered in a long time. But it was not enough to make up for the unfresh feeling. It was slightly nauseating. We stayed because the beds seemed fresh and clean and that was the most important. Plus, we were rarely in our room. If you have a high standard of cleanliness and don't want to feel nauseous sometimes then pay the extra money and stay somewhere else. But it is very hard to find a hotel with this much space and a kitchen in a quiet location - these are things to consider. You could do what I did and buy a bottle of clorox cleaner and clean everything really well yourself. Then look the other way when going through the lobby so as to avoid the black eyes and bandages. This would not be a good place for a romantic getaway without the kids - if that's your purpose - look elsewhere.	
Jun 16 2008	A great family hotel	We have just arrived back from a week in New York. We are a family traveling with a 41/2 year old and a 6 month old - so putting family friendliness of any hotel to the test! We had chosen the Affinia Gardens for it's family rating on trip advisor and were glad we did. We stayed in room 409 which was a suite with separate bedroom (with TV) with 2 double beds in it, sitting room area with TV and desk and a bathroom and kitchen. Hotel location is great for the park and zoo as only a 15 minute walk. The food emporium supermarket/deli is very close by and provides everything you need to self cater while staying at the hotel. There are also many restaurants near by which are family friendly. One of our favourites was 'Alice's teacup' which serves great wholesome breakfasts, lunches and teas - and keeps most children occupied with it's Alice and Wonderland themed decoration and loo! The hotel also has takeout menus in the rooms which deliver to your door and we tried most of them and they were good (just very large portions!)The kitchen was well equipped with a full size cooker, coffee machine, dishwasher (although I don't know why as there was not enough china/pots to fill it!) large fridge freezer and sink. Only complaint was that microwave was very small and our microwave steriliser would not fit in it (had a trip out to Toys R us to buy an electric one!) Hotel provided us with a hob kettle when we requested one (not standard) There was no restaurant in the hotel, which was not an issue for us, as we were quite happy to eat breakfast out or make it our selves.Rooms were cleaned well everyday and I have never seen so many towels provided! Which again is ideal with kids.Room had no DVD which was shame as I think it would have been good on the odd evening. They did have films on request though.Internet connection was good (a bit pricey for the week)There is a carpark opposite and bin men/trucks which tended to cause extra noise through the night/early morning, but for NY this was quite tame.If we stayed in NY with the kids again we would no doubt stay here again.	
Jun 9 2008 	Lovely Place Great Location	Stayed for 5 nights at the end of May and have nothing but praise for this hotel.We had a Junior Suite and this was very large and comfortable.Staff were very helpful and the free tea was very welcome after a long day in the city.Hotel's location is a little way from Times Square, etc, but we enjoyed that as it was a little peaceful haven within walking distance of the hustle and bustle.One tip, instead of turning right ( as we did most mornings), turn left to 2nd Ave and 60th St. The cable car to Roosevelt Island is only 5 mins and gives a different view of Manhattan. The Tramway Diner (also on the corner of 60th) has good substantial, cheap breakfast.If I go back the Affinia Gardens would be my first choice.	
Jun 3 2008	Affinia Gardens	Loved our stay, felt right at home. Everything as promised.Will definitely stay again.Be sure to visit Alice's Tea Cup for the best scones ever, just a few blocks away.	
May 21 2008 	Simply the best!	We stayed for 4 nights at this Upper East Side Gem. The hotel has great suites and absolutely wonderful staff. The evening reception hosted by managers was a great touch. Will definitely be back at the Affinia!	
May 20 2008 	2nd time and still a charm	This was our second stay at the Affinia Garden and it was once again amazing. I agree with the other reviews. The service is great. We asked to have the sofa bed turned down and it was done almost immediately. Our smoke detector's battery was low and it began to beep and say &quot;low battery&quot; (at 2:45 a.m.) and we had someone fixing it within 5 min. The bellhop will go to 2nd Ave. (the main Ave nearest hotel) and get a cab in any weather. The rooms are clean and the views are great. The kitchens are also clean and very well kept. The location is off the main Ave. which makes it pretty quiet. If you are looking for a hotel where the action is, this is not it. This is quiet and residential, but within walking distance to many places. My only suggestion is that there be more than one bellhop on duty. He is responsible for taking luggage to and from the rooms, getting a cab, and storing peoples luggage if necessary. I think it is too much for one person and therefore you sometimes have to wait for the service to be provided. For instance we took our own luggage up b/c he was busy. It is not the bellhop's fault I just think that particular position is under staffed. Otherwise, I totally recommend this hotel and will stay there again next year.	
May 15 2008 	Excellent Stay Relaxing in a City of Chaos	Pros.1. Excellent staff, everyone is so friendly and accomadating and a special thank you to Noemi Calederon the front desk manager for making our stay extra special.2. The idea location on the upper east side for a more quite off the busy streets.3. Close to great shops and central park.4. We had the one bedroom suite and it was HUGE for NYC hotel standards. It was like having our very own apartment for the week.The perfect place to stay at the end of a hectic new york day.we will be back soon!	
May 10 2008	Will never stay anywhere else!!!!!!!	I just wanted to express how amazing my recent stay at the Affinia Gardens was. I have never stayed at a hotel where everyone is so friendly and helpful and I travel alot. I just wanted to give kudos to everyone working there and say keep up the good work. Service was outstanding, room was great I loved every minute of my stay. Can't wait to go back!!!!!!!!!	
May 3 2008 	Great Service! Wonderful Staff!	We stayed in a junior suite-- one very large room- plenty of space to spread out. had a kitchen which had a regular sized refrigerator , oven/stove, microwave, toaster, coffeepot and sink. The stove looked like it had never been used. Bathroom was small but very adequate- plenty of water pressure and hot water. Bed/pillows very comfortable. Everything very clean. I loved the tea bar in the lobby- I used it regularly since I don't drink coffee. All the hotel staff were very nice. The maid saw me returning to my room w a cup of tea and offered to hold the cup while I found my key- wonderful staff. Cons: The door to the suite had a large gap around it - like having a night light in the room at night. Everytime any one shut their door ,which was often , our door would rattle and shake. Also be aware that even tho we were on the six floor on the&quot; quiet side&quot; you could still hear the traffic. We used earplugs and slept fine. Other than the noisy door - it was a great stay.	
Apr 29 2008 	Lovely hotel	Myself and two friends stayed in the Affinia Gardens during a five day break in New York. Whilst the hotel might look a little drab, the room was fantastic! Two queen sized beds in one room, and a pullout out queen size sofa-bed in the other. Both rooms had big tv's and air-con. The rooms were quiet, spacious and a joy to spend time in. We also had a well equipped kitchen, not that we did any cooking, but everything was there in case we needed to. The bathroom was clean and had new appliances. The staff were always friendly, helpful and polite. I really can't fault this hotel. Great stay. I'll be coming back.	
Apr 11 2008	Switch to this hotel	We switched to this hotel for an extended family vacation with older kids. The rooms are spacious and the property is modern and very well cared-for. Service was outstanding. Combine it with a good location and fair value. We know several frequent travelers to New York and are going to make a point of recommending the Affinia Gardens to them. Be sure not to miss this choice in midtown.	
Apr 10 2008 	Huge rooms tranquil setting	We stayed here for 3 nights after moving from a cheaper hotel. I was under the impression everything in NY was small and slightly ratty unless you were willing to pay the big bucks. At a mid-range price ($400ish), this was one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed at, and larger than most NY apartments! We had a 500 sq. ft. suite that was tastefully decorated. They pride themselves on &quot;serenity&quot; -- so tea served in the lobby, and a &quot;pillow menu&quot;. Staff was very nice and great service. Good location, about 3 blocks off Central Park in an area that wasn't too noisy. Would stay there again!	
Apr 1 2008	Pleasing middle range hotel	This hotel is well situated for supermarkets and restaurants and is less than 10 minutes walk to 59th Street subway, Central Park and Bloomingdales. The concierges are very helpful although multi task as bell boy and porter so can be extremely busy. Check in was not good - e-mailed ahead our room preferences and arrival time but on check-in found that our confirmed room (booked 6 weeks ago) was now not available - apparently, first in first served and as many of their guests are patients recovering from procedures from the 3 nearby hospitals - they seem to get priority.Room 408 was a junior suite - spacious and well furnished with a small, basic kitchenette and a small bathroom. The ambience was good and the bed was comfortable. Daily housekeeping was excellent. The view of the street was of the hospital opposite, as well as a 100 garbage bags stacked up on the footpath, waiting for collection.The hotel theme is &quot;Tranquility&quot; and this it is not! It is bright and well decorated but on arrival the small foyer and &quot;Serenity Lounge&quot; was crowded with a noisy Italian group waiting to depart. There was not enough room for everyone to sit - some sat on the floor and others on cushions. Many families use this hotel and their kids have heaps of energy.In summary, I'd use this hotel again if I could be guaranteed a high room at the back.	
Mar 31 2008 	affinia perfect for a family	Stayed three nights 25 - 29th Loved our stay in this hotel. lt was the best. My husband and three boys would love to return soon.	
Mar 31 2008 	Safe and Quiet	Large, clean, comfortable suite, located in a quiet, upmarket area of New York City. No noticeable noise from outside. Our room had a lovely wall of windows overlooking the ground floor patios. Although outside it was bitterly cold, the large heater was quick to warm our suite. I was disappointed not to have the time to try out the relaxation packs that were available for guests to use, but thought it a great idea.This hotel is handy for the Metro and also within walking distance of Central Park, Bloomingdales and the Apple store.My husband and I recommend this hotel.	
Mar 28 2008 	Loved The Affinia Gardens Hotel	We stayed at The Affinia Gardens Hotel over Easter. We are a family of five, and were travelling with our three teenage daughters from the UK.We all thought that the hotel was very good, and we all really enjoyed our time there, and sooo didn't want to leave!!The room was very spacious and very comfortable. It was fantastic to have so much space and also a full kitchen, as there were shops nearby to buy food if you wanted to. (Athough we only ever made breakfast). We found all of the staff at the hotel were very friendly, helpful and very knowledgeable. The girls on the front desk were very approachable and were always very friendly, and never made us feel a nuisance.We loved the area surrounding the hotel, and found plenty of restaurants nearby to eat out. We also loved being able to walk down to Bloomingdales and also over to Central Park. The only slight negatives we could think of were:That the bathroom was quite small considering there were five of us...But that was no problem for us really. The only other small one was that that the corridors all looked like they needed a lick of paint...(In more neutral colours maybe!!) But again.. Not that much of a big deal. But first impressions count and all that!!. To sum upWould we stay there again??Yes we'd all love tooWould we recommend to our friends and family??Yes, without a doubt.We had the best time in New York and would really rate this hotel. We consider ourselves to be quite particular /fussy about where we stay, and we all really liked this place. so sure others will too.The Campbell FamilyUK	
Mar 25 2008	Wonderful Hotel	4 of us (2 daughters 18 &amp; 23, 1 son 19, and mom 40 something) spent 2 nights at the Affinia Gardens. We booked a Deluxe 1 bedroom suite which we found to be perfect for us. The separate bedroom had 2 very comfortable Queens and the LR had a comfortable sofa sleeper. The room was - well, amazingly large by NYC standards- with a full kitchen to boot! We all loved the minimialistic Asian-Modern style decor and cool lighting as well as the pillow menu which included wedge pillows and- get this- magnetic pillows.The bathroom was on the small side, but how much time do you spend in a bathroom? It was bright, clean, and well appointed.We paid $424.00 a night, which might seem high, but we would have needed 2 rooms at a non-suite hotel which would run $250 per room, so I felt like we got a fairly good deal. The hotel staff were excellent. They responded quickly to requests and were always friendly and professional. They remembered our names and greeted us each time we entered or left the hotel.There were several places to eat nearby, within 2 blocks, which are reasonably priced. There is also a grocery store and wine store within 2 blocks. The subway is within very easy walking distance as well.The hotel is ideally located for a museum-based visit as it is close to MoMa, the Met, the Museum of Natural History, and the Whitney. We also had easy access to Times Square and the Theater District (via subway, ground transport is SLOW).I highly recommend this hotel for families- get the larger suites- or for couples as the ambiance is sophisticated,	
Mar 25 2008 	Loved our stay at Affinia Gardens!	Loved our stay at the Affinia Gardens Hotel NYC! We arrived on Thursday March 20, 2008 - Chris and Sal (sp?) the doormen made us feel right at home. Sal went above and beyond, he even located great pizza for us on Saturday night. The girls at the front desk (sorry didn't get all of their names) were very friendly and super professional. Always greeted us and asked how our day was - never made us feel like we were bothering them when we asked for directions to the subway station or Central Park or you name it! We loved our room - pretty good size for the 5 of us. Really could not ask for a better layout with teen boys and a 9 year old daughter. Each one had a little area for some downtime!Oh and the pillows....awesome! Loved the Aveda products too!The location was great - amazing burger place across the street. Great pizza down the street. Shopping just blocks away. Easy access to the subway stations. Starbucks around the corner (of course!) Breakfast diners, groceries...everything you need!We plan to return to Affinia Gardens in the fall - can't wait!Thank you for an awesome stay.Sincerely,Your family from Texas :)	
Mar 15 2008 	Chronic overbooking?	My daughter and I were in New York for her opera school auditions. I called the hotel the day before as a courtesy, to tell them that we would be arriving the following morning. Imagine my shock on arrival to be told that our room was not available, and would not be available for two more days! The only room they could offer us had only one bed and a pull-out couch. They gave us a small reduction on the room rate for the two nights and free internet (which worked sporadically). The odd part was, that according to their website, they had our room type available. I think they habitually overbook. Finally, we schlepped our bags, food from the fridge, groceries, etc, to our new room. There were problems with both rooms, and we had workmen in our room often: the sink and tub didn't drain, the light switch in the dining room was broken, the taps didn't turn off properly, there were deep holes in the carpet. The whole experience was unsettling and made it difficult to focus on the reason we were there in the first place--to prepare for my daughter's auditions. I had always thought that a hotel confirmation meant that the room would be available. I guess not.	
Mar 9 2008 	Very comfortable rooms	My husband and I, along with our 11 year old son, stayed at the Affinia Gardens for 5 nights during the February school holidays. The room was very clean, extremely spacious and the king size bed was very comfortable. The housekeeping was of a very high standard and the chamber maid even washed up dirty glasses etc. we had left one day. The room layout could perhaps make better use of the space; when the sofa bed was in use there was a very small gap between it and the wall, which we had to squeeze through in order to reach the bathroom . The first night my husband (who is a slimly built man) did this in the dark and hit his shoulder off the central heating control, breaking it. The hotel promptly repaired it the following day with no fuss, but we were wary of it for the remainder of our stay!Our room was to the front of the hotel, which was my only disappointment. I had emailed Affinia central reservations prior to our trip, requesting a room overlooking the gardens, but when I mentioned this at reception they showed no interest in this or made any suggestions as to how our request could be accommodated for even part of our 5 night stay, so we made do with keeping the blinds lowered rather than look into the hospital directly opposite. As another guest has mentioned, there was also some noise from the garbage trucks, which operated early in the morning, but we would probably be stirring at that hour anyway as our body clocks were still out of sync with NY time. The doormen were exemplary; very helpful and chatty. The weather during our stay ranged from snowstorm to a monsoon on our day of departure, but our room was a warm haven. We were allowed to check out slightly later on our day of departure free of charge, which was excellent and meant we could dry out after last minute shopping trips. The night before departure we received a personal phone call from the Manager, who checked we had enjoyed our stay; a very nice touch.The hotel also booked us a car for our return to the airport. The price the driver - who didn't speak very much English - asked us for turned out to be $10 more than the price quoted by the hotel, but we didn't quibble.We'd happily return to this hotel and hope to do so before too long!	
Mar 4 2008 	Even better than Expected!	We just stayed at the Affinia Gardens in Manhattan for a long weekend vacation. We booked a double queen suite and were very pleasantly surprised to find when we arrived that this was a penthouse suite. The suite was large and very comfortable. The beds and linens were very nice and there was plenty of space for our group of four. We were also very pleasantly surprised in that the room couch was also a pull-out queen; so everyone was pretty much able to sleep in comfort. The staff were outstanding at all levels. From the moment we arrived until check-out were very friendly and professional. They handled minor requests (extra towels, etc) very quickly and the desk followed up to make sure we were happy.As we were staying for several days we decided to make use of the full kitchen in the suite and were able to purchase food at a supermarket less than a block away. While not in the heart of downtown, other points of interest are not far. We walked to Central Park several times and also to Times Square--for points farther out, I would suggest the subway. There are several stations within about a four block radius of the hotel.Views from the 13th floor balcony were nice, though most of the more impressive skyline is still blocked at that elevation. The area the hotel is in wasn't too busy as far as street and pedestrian traffic and while we probably wouldn't have heard much from the top floor, we never noticed too much noise at any time around the hotel.For our whole stay, I only had three pet peeves: First, the lack of internet access. It is true that there is a workstation in the lobby and that wireless internet is available. However, neither are provided gratis. I would have expected a hotel with rooms and rates at this level to have included that as part of the amenities. Second, while the lobby is too small to have any room for any sort of meaningful breakfast, it would have been nice for at least a bagel or muffin to have been available in the mornings. Last, and this is a very minor peeve, for a hotel this nice I was very surprised that as of the date of our stay (March 2008) the room TV's had not been upgraded to a HDTV.Overall, I would highly recommend the Affinia Gardens to just about anyone traveling to NYC. Groups, Couples, Families. The neighborhood is quiet and friendly, the rooms are of a good size and very comfortable and accessing other points of interest is fairly easy.	
Mar 1 2008 	Excellent management and staff	We stayed for 5 nights 2nd week in February 2008. Everything about the hotel met or exceeded our expectations. This management delivers what it claims to deliver, the rooms are in excellent condition, spotlessly clean, the kitchen is fully equiped, the beds superb. We cannot understand the negative reviews such as 'midgler' and 'Trippy44'. We thought it was a great part of town to stay but we were happy to walk 4 blocks to the 59st subway. We were really pleased to find the 'Food Emporium' at the end of the block for breakfast groceries (there is an even better one on Lexington but it is a bit of a walk). If you are there on Tuesdays early evening you can chat to the management over wine and cheese. We had a good meal at Jo Jos but felt a bit underdressed! For us this hotel was good value, but of course it all depends what rate you get!	
Feb 24 2008	A real home in New York city	I took my mother for a week in New York, having been to New York many times, I had always stayed in hotels, either 3 star on school trips or 4/5 star when with my partner, I am pleased to say the Affinia Gardens has been the best so far. The room was huge, 2 large queen beds, lots of space, clean and well designed, the kitchen was an excellent addition and the bathroom was well appointed. The hotel provided excellent herbal teas in the lobby, all staff were very helpful and polite. I would definately go back.	
Feb 20 2008 	Shame aboit the staff	We were holidaying in Canada and had arranged to meet our eldest daughter (at university in the UK) for a long weekend in NY. She arrived first and had to find her own way to the room where, being jetlagged, she went straight to sleep. When we arrived several hours later, we couldnt help wondering why the room contained a batch of incontinence pads, some pill containers and a pink plastic kidney-shaped dish, all of which suggested the presence of an elderly guest who was either still in residence or had recently undergone a celestial checkout. (Subsequent forensic examination further revealed a pile of old newspapers, a half empty bottle of contact lens solution and a used bar of soap.)The managements initial response to these discoveries was surprisingly defensive, and seemed to be based on the assertion that, because our daughter had not challenged the presence of these items immediately on her arrival, she had forfeited our right to do so subsequently. Eventually the chambermaid, who had been sent to make up the sofa bed, expressed such horror at the state of the room that the management realised we were not troublemakers and upgraded us to a penthouse suite by way of compensation.As we prefer a cold room and extra bedclothes, we turned down the (rather noisy) air conditioning. On the first night, I phoned reception at 10.45 to ask for an additional blanket. At 10.55, I phoned again. At 11.05, I enquired whether it would be easier for the staff if I came to collect the blanket myself, and was assured that it was on its way. At 11.15, this bare-faced lie was exposed when I went down to reception in pyjamas and bare feet and waited until one of the reception staff went to fetch the blanket  a long wait, as both of them studiously ignored me for a full five minutes while pretending to concentrate on their laptops. This time, the mornings compensation came in the form of a written apology and a complimentary bottle of red wine.Towering over this debacle was the figure of Pedro, the house manager, who appears to work shifts in excess of 24 hours, during which he tries his hardest to provide a decent service despite the surly and incompetent reception staff at his disposal. But even Pedros efforts will not prevent the terminal decline of this hotel, unless its owners get a grip.This is a pity, as the hotel does have a few things going for it. Despite being in a boring part of town, it is quiet and accessible. The rooms are pleasant, and the doormen are helpful. The hotel has a rather sickening and synthetic corporate ethos of serenity  the main manifestations of which are a cod-Buddhist lounge with a pile of cushions and a dirty washbasin, and a series of nauseating tranquility tips placed in ones room each morning. Rather appropriately, the one for the day of our departure stated Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is a nobler art of leaving things undone. This hotel is perhaps favouring the latter at the expense of the former.	
Feb 20 2008 	Affordable Excellence on New York's East Side!	We were thrilled with our three-day stay at the Affinia Gardens. The spaciousness and upkeep of the suite, the friendliness and efficiency of the staff, and the excellent location were all first-rate. This is now our hotel of first choice in New York City!	
Feb 15 2008 	first time in America	Just returned from a fabulous 5 day half term break to New York this was a first time visit to America. We were recommended the Affinia Gardens hotel by a friend. What a find! Arrived at Newark airport with a one hour delay we had booked a car from Lincoln limousines, which was quoted by email and then booked over the phone from UK I was a bit apprehensive about this but the driver was waiting in the arrivals lounge for my family of five even after the delay. On arrival at the hotel the consigage took our bags and the reception were very warm and friendly. The room was on the eleventh floor with a patio at the side a large open plan lounge and dining room, separate bedroom with two queen size beds and a kitchenette and bathroom. The room was always warm and inviting just as well as during our stay New York was only 21 deg F and lower. Breakfast was available from the Tranquility lounge if required but we took advantage of the local eating houses that served great breakfasts. Herbal teas from the lounge area were also available all day after our long walks up and down the great New York grid system of blocks which was so easy to get round. On Tuesday night a wine and cheese evening was a great way of meeting other guests and meet the warm and friendly Brian (manager) On our departure day it was heavy rain the reception gave us a late booking out time of 3pm, normally 12pm as we were not being collected until 5.30pm this was great allowing us change soaking wet gear before going home.	
Feb 14 2008 	Fabulously friendly	Just back from a trip to NY in which we experienced at least three seasons' weather in four days (-16 windchill, blizzards then monsoon rain) all of which could have been a real dampener except for the fantastically warm reception at the Affinia Gardens. The receptionist and concierge deserve special mention for their patience and cheerfulness and the fact that nothing seems too much trouble, from recommending a great place for brunch to getting a car to come earlier when we changed our minds. My teenage daughters and I loved the location, even trudging back in the snow when the yellow cab drivers all went home! The rooms are large and the beds so comfortable, we nearly didn't want to get up in the morning. The kitchenette was a bonus, especially the night we arrived late and just wanted something from the excellent local deli, the Food Emporium. We loved Eat Here Now for a typical US breakfast and had a lovely meal at JoJo's. We agree with every review here, this is a great hotel for the money and we can't wait to go back  but maybe not in February.	
Feb 3 2008 	one word .......PERFECTION!!!	i love it..i stayed at the affinia Gardens from 9 to 5 for a intership they have taught me so many thing to help me in the future the way they spoke to there customers was the most respectful way. As i analyzed each postion of the hotel empolyees they all said &quot;hello&quot; and &quot;good morning&quot; which i noticed put smiles on there customers. Everyone in the Affinia gardens are like a big family. I learn that each postion helps the hotel not one but all are equal. I would like to give a special thanks to The General Manager Brian Gehlich, The Director of front desk Sam Bajtel ,Front Desk Manager Glenda Gomez, The Executive house keeper Joann Disanza, and Emily Workman. These people have taught me that customers come first. Also when theres alot on hands still have that cheerful smile. The affinia gardens not only had great people they had the best rooms. The rooms are very relaxing and more comfort then anything they have tea time! what can be anymore relaxing. I thank you for all for your help and time i hope to see you guys again  Thank you,  Jessica Ramirez	
Jan 29 2008	Great Hotel	We stayed in the apartments during the 1st week in December. The room was excellent, bed great, spotlessly clean and it was a bonus having a kitchen. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We bought some groceries at the Food Emporium at the end of the Street and ate in the room in the morning. It was great being able to relax and take things easy before setting out on the days ventures. Likewise, after trailing around New York all day, it was great to relax in the spacious room which had a huge sofa, coffee table, desk, dressing table and enormous bed, not to mention the excellent, spotless shower and bathroom.We were within walking distance of major attractions and bought a $24 bus and metro card which we used to travel further afield. The metro was a few blocks away, as was Bloomingdales. There were numerous restaurants and cafes nearby and plenty shops for those who love shopping.I would use this place again and would most certainly recommend it. Probably one of the best I have been in! Full marks! PS. these pictures do not do it justice as the shades were down which makes the room look dull.	
Jan 22 2008	A good alternative to cramped NYC hotel rooms	My office is in NYC, and I travel there several times a year. I have stayed at many hotels, trying to find one that I like that's comfortable, in a safe neighborhood, and stay within my company budget. This hotel fit all my requirements, and I greatly enjoyed my stay in December. The beds and pillows are very comfortable, as is the sofa, and the bathrooms are quite large, with good amenities. The best part of the room is the small but fully stocked kitchen - after a visit to the neighborhood market at arrival, you can make breakfast in the morning, and fix a light dinner after work, all without having to deal with limited room service menus, and long waits. The location is very good - several excellent restaurants within a 2 block walk, very good shopping nearby, and cabs are easy to find. The staff are all friendly and helpful. I do not hesitate to recommend the Affinia Gardens to anyone tired of impersonal chain hotel rooms with surly staff!	
Jan 20 2008	AVOID -- Cold Dreary Smelly Uncomfortable	We recently stayed here for several nights. We needed a nice place, even if it meant spending a bit more (300+ per day) than lesser reviewed places. Well, Afinia Gardens was a very bad choice. It is the equivalent of a cheap motel with filthy commercial carpeting, cheap furnishings, hard beds, rancid odor, icy drafts from the windows, and no heat in our room. After freezing through the first night, we wanted to leave -- the rude staff would not let us (without paying) so we had no choice but to stay. They upgraded us to a somewhat nicer room -- that is, it had heat -- but still, I felt disgusting the whole time I was in the place. How anyone can call it an oasis is inconceivable to me. How anyone can leave here with anything but disdain is inconceivable to me. It's a converted apartment building -- so it's spacious -- but the space is not efficiently used and does little or nothing to comfort you when you're freezing cold, and unable to sleep because or the putrid smell, and uncomfortable bed. I would never, ever stay here again. I would never, ever recommend it to a friend.	
Jan 19 2008 	Wonderful	We spent 3 nights at this hotel and were very happy with the choice. Our reservations were booked online and there was a little glitch in that I choose the Affinia Gardens hotel and the reservation was at their other NYC hotel. This was changed without much delay, thankfully. The rooms were spacious and clean. There was a small kitchen with a large refridgerator. I only had one complaint and that was hair in the bathtub drain. I noticed the tub was not draining properly and examined the drain. I removed the previous occupants hair and the tub worked fine from then on. I have worked as a maid in the past. We were taught, &quot;Get all the hair out of the bathroom!&quot; I think this maid needed a refresher course. Do not let this minor detail bother you. This is a great hotel with a great mid-town location. It is only about 2 blocks from the subway. We never had to use cabs. We bought the week-long subway card for $24 and went everywhere!	
Jan 17 2008 	Good for families	My family and I spent a couple of nights at Affinia Gardens just after the new year. We were looking for accomodations which would suit our young family (2.5 year old and 4 month old). The suite was just perfect. The fold-out couch was good for the older and the younger stayed in the bedroom with us in a travel cot. Having a kitchen was great for a first early breakfast and there was plenty of room for everyone to have their own space. (there is a CVS at the end of the street which sells all the basics you need for a quick in-room breakfast and the hotel provides coffee and dishwashing soap. The rooms were big by NYC standards. Having lived in this area of NYC in the past I was happy to return to this location which is close to good shopping, Central Park, the subway, etc. but out of the hustle bustle of the Times Sq hotel zone. I was also attracted to the hotel because of its in-room spa services, but unfortunately didn't get the chance to use them! The only problem was street noise. Our room was on the front of the building on the 2nd floor and the garbage trucks were loud. We were so tired at the end of the day it didn't really bother us, but naptimes were quite loud and didn't make for easy sleeping. (Ask for a room on the back!)The location is great though and for NYC the price wasn't too bad. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 17 2008 	My Favorite NYC Hotel	Tucked away in the quiet residential area of the Upper East Side is NYC's best kept hotel secret - Affinia Gardens. For less than the cost of a hotel room you can stay in a large studio or one bedroom apartment with plenty of room to spread out and be comfortable. Each unit is equipped with a full kitchen, complete with granite countertops, and there are two grocery stores a half block away. The bathrooms are clean and comfortable and the hotel provides Aveda products. The beds are comfortable and there are a variety of pillows from which to choose - down, memory foam, buckwheat etc... In the lobby fresh coffee and tea is served daily. (The Affinia custom blended tea is to die for!) The staff is friendly, helpful and efficient. In fact, I can't think of a single negative about this place.	
Jan 2 2008 	Excelent location - Very confortable rooms	We stay at Affinia Gardens for 3 weeks. Outstanding staff and very comfortable rooms. Just 2 remarks; 1. Windows noise isolation is very bad so you ear any little noise on the street specially trucks at night.2. Bathroom is to little for a 1BD suite.	
Dec 25 2007	Great Location And Staff At Affinia Gardens	My husband ,17yr old daughter and myself stayed here from Dec 18-23rd. We also were travelling with another couple and their 17yr. old daughter. They raved about it! It was through Trip Advisor that I even found it and all the reviews were basically positive and being a flight attendant for 28 yrs service and location along with quietness is what I look for.! The location is 215 E. 64th st. and there are a ton of resturants to choose from by just walking around. The rooms are very nicely sized with a seperate kitchen that is small but has all the basics. I like having a refrigerator and coffee right in my room. The staff there is above and beyond in every way. SUPER nice knowledgeable and gave us very good recommendations! Try the Jackson hole resturant across the street. VERY good prices for New York. Also Brian the manager was very helpful in recommending Portifino's . Italian of course. The rooms are quiet other that street noise from sirens etc. It is after all New York. I will definately recommed this to Passengers on my flights and anyone I know going to New York for a very nice place to hang out. Taxis are reasonable and you can see the city better than the subway. I hope this helps because I really like this place and I sure like reading reviews and that is how I decided to stay at the Affinia Gardens! C Reilly Seattle	
Dec 18 2007 	Fantastic Hotel and Great Staff!	Had a terrfic stay at the Affinia Gardens. I chose the hotel based on the reviews. My wife, daughter and I have traveled to NYC a couple of times a year for the past 10 years - always one time in December.We used to always stay at the Stanhope on the Upper East Side but a few years ago it was sold and converted to luxury condos. I am fairly particular about where I stay and we have been searching for a new spot. We have stayed at several different hotels in the City over the past few years - some very well-known, some obscure - but didn't have much luck until our recent trip. The Affinia Gardens is a great hotel, simple yet inviting, with a wonderful staff and great location for us. It will be our new place to stay on all our trips to NYC. If you like being on the East Side, but want to be close enough to attractions and great restaurants, then you want to stay here. We stayed in a junior suite with a kitchen. The room was very clean and comfortable and had its own thermostat so you could adjust the heat. It had two cozy beds and plenty of room for the three of us. My daughter said it felt like home and she didn't want to leave.All of the front desk staff was extremely helpful and friendly; offering advice as needed. Other than the Stanhope where we were regulars, the front desk is by far the friendliest and most helpful that I have experienced in the city. One gentleman even let me take his parking space near the hotel - something he didn't have to do. He was leaving as we were checking in. Kudos to the manager for having such a nice staff.Lastly, the tea room in the lobby is a great feature, especially on cold days in the city! I would highly recommend this hotel and will return on our next trip!	
Dec 6 2007 	Great Neighbourhood Massive Rooms	I chose this hotel mainly due to the great feedback they had. I have to say that I was impressed with the hotel before I even got there. The receptionist Latoya was really helpful and arranged a Limo to collect us and to have a bottle of champagne in the room, she even emailed me a day beforehand to let me know the name and number of the limo driver. The hotel is on the Upper East Side and E64th Street has some beautiful properties. We stayed in a Junior King Suite and had a garden as well. The bed was massive and the pull out sofa bed was very comfortable. The kitchen was nicely equipped and the extra dressing area was well appreciated with 3 women trying to get ready. The welcome we received on booking in was great as well.I only had one minor gripe and this was that it took 3 requests to get bedding for the sofa bed, but every other request was attended to. All of the reception staff were really friendly and always said hello and greeted us with a smile. It had the atmosphere of a family run business which I much prefer. There was no noise at night and the garden was fantastic when it started to snow. The receptionist also recommended a town car to take us back to the airport and organised it all for us.I was a little disappointed that when we asked to extend our checkout time the receptionist was initially going to let us have it free, but the manager intervened and wanted to charge us a half day charge of $260 which we thought was a little excessive. They stored our bags with no hassle at all.I would definately recommend this hotel - the majority of the staff were extremely helpful and went the extra mile. The service I received at Affinia Gardens is definately well above many other hotels I have stayed in. Try JoJo down the road and right next door Alice's Tea Cup. Jo Jo is probably one of the best restaurants I ever ate in.	
Nov 19 2007 	Fantastic Hotel Great Location and Really Helpful Staff	Just returned from our first trip to New York, stayed at the Affinia Gardens after reading all the great reviews on Trip Advisor, and they weren't wrong.It's not really plush, but the rooms are great - fully equiped kitchen, two really comfortable double beds, lovely bathroom with aveda products.In a really good area, not far from Bloomingdales with some fab places to eat nearby.The staff were fantastic, so helpful and just made our stay so wonderful.Can't recommend this hotel enough.	
Nov 12 2007	Shaky start to a great holiday	I stayed at the Affinia with 3 friends for a girlfriends getaway weekend this fall and would choose this hotel again. I can really only complain about the first five minutes of our stay, when the clerk announced that the our 1 BR suite was not available and had been changed to adjacent, not adjoining studios. I never did get a satisfactory explanation for this rather arbitrary change, and no apology, but we did end up paying the same rate for more space and two bathrooms, so in the end it worked out allright. The rooms were clean, quiet and well supplied. The smallish bathroom was luxurious, and ours had a separate makeup area. Kitchen was well supplied and we could have cooked a full dinner there, although there is no dining table to eat at! It was fine for breakfast. As with the other Affinia I have stayed at (the Dumont) their big asset is their staff. Aside from the bewildered clerk we met the first night, the staff was knowledgeable, friendly, and really went out of their way to make sure that our stay was seriously fun. Krys, the concierge was incredibly helpful, having alternate restaurant suggestions and getting our reservations when the places we wanted to go were booked up. He spent about 10 minutes finding us a cab as NY was grazed by a hurricane, sparing our going out clothes from getting soaked. I must say that in general, I found service in New York to be top notch and friendly.	
Oct 20 2007 	Affinia Gardens - enjoyed by Ozzie family	My family of 3 (includes our 12 year old daughter) arrived here via taxi from JFK - about 40 mins ride in the evening - for our 8 night stay in NYCWe chose the hotel for its location on the upper east side, a little bit away from the extreme hustle and bustle of midtown. The neighbourhood is more residential with nearby supermarkets and everyday shops as well as good restaurants - try 'Jackson Hole' for burgers, local Italian places and 'Alice's Teacup' for cakes. The subways are close by and NYC is so walkable anyway. The hotel's on an east -west street so it's a bit quieter too (our room faced the garden at the back on Level 4) - a decent night's sleep was guaranteed! Quick and friendly check-in in a small but serene lobby. Our accommodation was a very clean 1-bed suite + living area that included a sofa bed for the child. The kichenette meant we could have breakfast and light meals when we just wanted to stay in after a day's exploring. The bathroom was small but served our needs and included lovely products. We used the internet without any problems and we were able to store our laptop in the safe (large enough for other bits like passports/valuables)The beds were comfortable - including the sofa bed - and the maid service was timely and ensured a comfortable return from our days out in the city.We used the coin-op laundry a few times (essential if there's a child!), and enjoyed cheese and wine in the hotel lounge, and the great guitarist on Tuesday evening.All in all, a really comfortable stay and would choose again.	
Oct 8 2007 	exeeds all expectations	We landed in affinia garden's lobby on 7:30 AM after a 12 hour flight with our 20 month old baby girl. The receptionist let us into our room within five minutes and won our everlasting gratitude. The room itself was bliss. A white haven with plenty of room for play and rest, a small kitchen and best of all, a large patio all to ourselves. There was a bit of noise from construction in the afternoon but we were so tired and the beds were so comfortable we hardly noticed. The hotel's staff was exeptionally nice and concerned to the point of offering people umbrellas when walking out on a cloudy afternoon.All that in the lovely upper east side, within walking distance of central park, the Met, fifth avenue and more and very close to the subway. We reserved our room through quikbook and found great last minutes rates compared to other manhatten hotels and it was really worth every penny.	
Sep 5 2007 	A perfect stay	My husband and I stayed at the Affinia Gardens for 3 nights while visiting our daughter and her husband on the Upper East Side. We had a jr. suite and found it spacious, beautifully decorated, and immaculately clean. It overlooked a pretty green space with a water feature. We especially enjoyed the coffee in the morning and the delicious selection of teas they offer all day.The neighborhood is convenient, quiet (for NY) and it offers a diverse selection of excellent restaurants. Two favorites are the Asia Grill and Mediterraneo. Both are nearby on 2nd Ave. There is a Food Emporium a block away which we enjoyed as our suite had a complete kitchen. A CVS Pharmacy is on the corner. We arrived early on the first day of our stay and flew home late on the day we checked out. Both times they took care of our bags for us. I cannot praise the friendly atttitude and professionalism of the staff highly enough. They were all terrific. We can't wait to return.	
Aug 31 2007 	What a great hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. Upon arrival they did not have a room with two beds as i had requested on booking but gave us a room with a king bed and sofa bed and promised to change rooms the next day. Not only was this promise honoured but we were upgraded to a one bedroomed suite with two beds.The room was huge and kept really clean. It was lovely having kitchen facilities and the microwave came in very useful.The staff were very polite and helpful and helped us to obtain tickets to a soccer match that my son wanted to see, as David Beckham was playing.I highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again if i returned to New York.The surrounding area is very safe with loads of nice shops.The hotel is very quiet.	
Aug 31 2007 	Loved Affinia Gardens	We are an English family of four with two teenage girls. This was our first trip to New York and we chose this hotel because of the quiet location and large rooms. It was such a relief after 15 hours travelling to arrive at a hotel in another country and not be disappointed. The hotel was relaxing, the rooms were spotless, beds comfy, staff very helpful and friendly. There was plenty of space for the four of us and the kitchenette was great for breakfasts and snacks. We were only two blocks away from the subway and great shopping and restaurants. Central Park was just 10 minutes walk and there was a handy grocery store just down the road to stock up on essentials. We had a fabulous holiday and would definitely stay at Affinia Gardens again, we felt we had chosen the right location as hotels in mid-town would have been too noisy - highly recommended.	
Aug 18 2007	Horrible Service	yes the rooms are very spacious. But the staff is extremely rude. I got into arguments with the Manager at the front desk twice during my stay because he just didn't know what customer service is about. He kept saying: &quot;Ma'am, you ask me a question, I gave you an answer, what do you want&quot;. The housekeeping staff doesn't do a very good job either. They only make your bed and give you new towels. Don't even bother to tidy up the place. In addition, they will pop into your room early in the morning without knocking on the door!!!	
Aug 3 2007	Please don't tell anyone about this hotel!	We stayed here in a 1 BR suite with two adults and three small children. This was a phenomenal deal. The room was very spacious and well decorated. The beds were comfortable and the kitchenette was great for small meals (e.g. bagels for breakfast). The staff was also very helpful and my daughters loved the little tea room in the lobby.I also like that it is in a real NYC neighborhood - not midtown or, god forbid, Times Square. If you want to be a hardcore tourist, this may not be the hotel for you.	
Jul 23 2007 	sooo great!!	we've been staying here for years. we love this place. great location. friendly staff. we've never done much cooking, just breakfast and the kitchen's great for that. bed's are comfy. only problem this last time was the early morning trucks and all the construction noise.	
Jul 20 2007 	This Place is Great!	This hotel is an excellent and affordable find in Manhattan. I stayed there years ago and recently returned for a weekend visit. The staff is very friendly and welcoming but the best part is the size of the room! It's decorated in a nice modern style and is almost like having your own apartment in town. It was clean with a very comfortable bed. Additionally, the neighborhood is quiet and provides a nice break after a day or night out. When I'm in NYC visiting this is the first place I'll look to stay. Highly recommended.	
Jul 19 2007	LOVE this hotel	What a wonderful place to stay. Close to the most lovely streets in Manhattan (and just a stroll to Bloomingdales, Bergdorf Goodman and Tiffanys, credit cards watch out!!), quiet, extremely large and comfortable rooms with the most friendly and accommodating staff. Would stay here again in a flash, only problem is since we booked it appears the rates have almost doubled - we were lucky to snag a very competitive rate of about US$225 per night plus taxes which, for this quality, is almost unheard of. So it appears the secret is out! Hotel just down the street from JoJo's, a great restaurant where we ate probably the best dinner of our whole trip. The beds were amazing, bathroom excellent, furnishings were simple and attractive. The only tiny gripe was the kitchen was not stocked with adequate cooking utensils/equipment so a proper full 'home-cooked' dinner at night was not really possible (would have liked more bowls, servers, pots and pans and vege steamers etc - but you could manage I guess and most people probably don't eat in the hotel when in such a city). But that is a very minor fault. All up, highly recommended, although wondering if, with the apparent new price list, people might just go to The Peninsular instead? Thanks to the Affinia Gardens staff, they made our stay totally enjoyable and do an excellent job.	
Jul 16 2007 	Comfortable Accomodations	Stayed a week at the Affinia Gardens in late June, requested 2 queen beds for family of three. Extremely comfortable and spacious room, with an excellent staff, from bellmen to front desk to room personnel. Had a problem with the room's internet connection, which turned out to be a problem with the floor's internet connection. Transferred to a room on a different floor with a working connection (necessary for this partial business trip). Hotel is a couple of blocks away from the 6 subway line, which took us to most of lower Manhattan, including the Theater District. Near to the hotel are Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Frick Collection, as well as Central Park.	
Jul 9 2007	Fabulous Affinia!	Affinia Garden is an amazing, AFFORDABLE find in NYC. The website doesn't disappoint---the hotel lives up to everything described and more. The location (Upper East Side, near Central Park) was an easy subway ride to all of Manhattan, but was a relaxing, quiet break fromthe hustle of the city. The staff was actually friendly, kept the room in pristine condition (they even washed our dishes daily), and offered helpful suggestions.The best part, though, was the room---spacious and sharp in a modern but fun decor. The beds were really comfortable, the hotel has a pillow menu, and there was more than ample storage. (The only complaint I had was that the bathroom was very small, but how much time do you spend in there?) The full kitchen had granite countertopsand Wolfgang Puck coffee.I'd stay here again---our family of four had lots of room and our sleep-loving members had plenty of quiet in the morning. Yummy teas in the lobby, great movie and T.V. selections for relaxing, and an atmosphere that capped off our visit to NYC in a great way!	
Jun 6 2007 	Wonderful experience at Affinia Gardens	I spent two nights here on a recent vacation in New York. I chose the Junior Suite and was rewarded with a huge room, adequately sized bathroom, and very handy kitchenette with everything you'd need to self-cater. Quiet for New York too. My room wasn't ready when I arrived at 3pm, but was ready within the hour and I was compensated with free wi-fi for the duration of my stay. They offer free loan of mediation and yoga kits so you can recharge your mind as well as body.Overall, a wonderful couple of days and definitely somewhere I'd return to.	
May 28 2007 	Excellent stay at the Affinia Gardens	Superb hotel! Spacious suite for 3 single travellers including 3 double beds. Friendly and helpful staff, very attentive. Great location with nearby bank and a good choice of restaurants. Complimentary herbal teas also a nice touch!	
May 23 2007 	Great spacy appartment friendly personnel and great service	Great spacy appartment, very nice and friendly people at the reception, actually all personnel was more than friendly.	
May 6 2007 	Room 	I found this hotel via Trip Advisor reviews for New York City Hotels. All the reviews were glowing and raised my suspicion that the staff must have written them or people were given free rooms to write themI am not part of those groups and I can say this hotel is EXCELLENT!! Just to ease my concern, I called the hotel 2 months in advance of my reservation to tour the property and talk to the staff.Concern 1: What does the room look like?, is it big enough?Answer: The room size is HUGE!- My 1 bedroom deluxe was 400- 600 sq ft. (I counted approx. 40 steps from the room door to the living room table). I wear a size 9.Concern 2: Will the staff/service be accommodating?Answer: YES! They not only answered all my questions in February, they remembered me in April and were able to help with a special balloon delivery to the room. They also make you feel like you are the only guest at the hotel.Negatives: The bathroom was small, but we don't spend a good amount of time there. The elevator was small holding about 3 people, the bellman and 1 luggage caddy strategically.We continue to talk about the room size and how nicely decorated with modern furniture. A great investment and it is worth mentioning any discounts (AAA,etc)	
May 1 2007 	Outstanding Hotel!	This was my first stay at the Affinia Gardens Hotel. I've stayed in many places in NYC and the Affinia is my new favorite. Three of us, all men, needing separate beds, were accomodated way beyond our expectations. Our suite was huge, tastefully and comfortably furnished. The room was ultra clean and was kept that way every day by our housekeeper. The lobby staff and bellman were proactive and creative without being pushy or presumptuous. That really impressed me. We had 3 flawless nights and days. And the bedding was terrific, even the sleeper sofa. I may never stay anywhere else in NYC. This hotel just rocks with good service and great vibe! And I'm terribly picky.	
Apr 13 2007	Almost like home!	We are making our third trip in May to see our daughter graduate college and couldn't imagine staying elsewhere! The penthouse suites are amazing and spacious, very much like being at home! We hosted a reception there last year for 15 and had plenty of space with a beautiful view from the wrap around balcony. The staff was most helpful in all aspects and we will do the same in May for the post graduation reception.	
Apr 4 2007 	Wonderful stay large room!	I stayed at this hotel during February of this year. It was really a pleasant surprise. . . .the rate was quite good, so I was expecting alot less. The staff was quite welcoming, helping me with directions, cabs, transport back to the airport, etc. Everything was done with a smile. The room was incredibly large . ..two queen beds, plenty of closet space, even a small kitchenette! It was clean and unbelievably quiet! I will definitely stay here again.	
Apr 2 2007 	Loved the stay	Great hotel, with a large room ,a small but clean bathroom, with Aveno products. The service was wonderful and a always smilling staff. Perfect location with supermarket and drugstore nearby.	
Mar 20 2007 	Fabulous place to stay!	My three friends and I have just returned from a 5 night stay in New York and for the second time, we have stayed at the Affinia Gardens - loved it!Staff and management are so friendly &amp; obliging; apartment style accomodation is comfortable and spacious - we even had a balcony , though still a bit too cold in March to make use of it! The location is excellent - lots of nice bars and restaurants nearby and some small boutique style shops with accesssories to die for!! You can probably tell we are females who love shopping!Wouldn't stay anywhere else when visiting New York	
Feb 26 2007 	Great Stay - Clean Comfortable Fabulous Service A+	I went to New York for a weekend with a friend and had a lovely experience at the Affinia Gardens Hotel. The room was huge - my friend and I kept thinking - we could live here! We had 2 queen size beds that were completely comfortable, the bathroom, while smallish in size, was well appointed and they made maximum use of the space, there was a great desk and a separate area to put on your make-up, as well as tons of storage space (huge wall unit) AND a full kitchen (including a gas stove). There is a grocery store less than 2 blocks away and the area was really lovely.The staff were great - friendly, attentive, and had wonderful suggestions. In fact - we had asked where to go to dinner the following night and they remembered and called us the next day to see if we wanted a reservation.I've traveled a fair amount and have to say that this was one of the best experiences I ever had - it felt like personal service with a friendly staff that were genuine and kind.	
Feb 9 2007 	NYC Former Resident - Loves this hotel!	I honestly can't say enough GOOD about Affinia gardens. Staff treated you like you were at the waldorf. My husband and I walked all over NYC on a weekend trip and checked into our hotel and much to our surprise - our room was HUGE, CLEAN, COMFORTABLE, Large TV for relaxation, WE HAD A KITCHEN!It was amazing. I used to live in New York and I would honestly say that this is probably the best hotel I've ever seen. DONT go anywhere else!Simply Amazing!	
Feb 9 2007 	Huge Rooms For Nyc!	The biggest rooms I've had in NYC @ this price!Stayed in 2 different room categories recently.The Deluxe 1 bedroom (which is described as a Penthouse when you get there....and it is!). It was on the top floor of hotel, unbelievably spacious -- a desk/work area (with hi speed internet), big living room &amp; dining room with wrap around windows that looked out to the outdoor wrap-around terrace.If it hadn't been 6 degrees we might have made use of the terrace, that was very large and roomy enough for some lounge chairs &amp; table. The small kitchen offered everything needed - fridge, stove, microwave, dishes, coffemaker, toaster, etc. and the bedroom with 2 queen beds was huge too.,Bathroom was suprisingly small for size of all other rooms, but certainly adequate. Rooms were clean &amp; simple, modern furniture. Not 5 star....but definitely deluxe for the price! Hotel service was great and atmosphere comfortable &amp; relaxing. Location perfect for uptown shopping. Close to supermarkets, cinema, boutiques, great restaurants and only 2-3 blocks to subways.Also had a chance to stay in Junior Suite - the smallest room available and it was bigger than most hotel rooms I've had in NY.Very comfortable for 1-2 people. Had a smaller kitchen, but all the appliances you need, desk/work area, large &quot;living space&quot; with king size bed and sofa/lounging area. Bathroom was decent size and, again, bargain priced for space you get.This is my new favorite spot to land for a NYC visit.	
Jan 19 2007	Great palce to stay in New York	We stayed in Affinia Gardens Dec06-Jan07 for ten days.What a brilliant hotel - HUGE rooms, with your own kitchen and a coffee machine. There is no restaurant in the hotel, but they have menues of close by restaurants and you can order deliveries from your room - Crusty Pizza on the 2nd is really yummy. Close to the underground as well - F stops on Lexington and 6 on 63rd - $10 for 6 rides - a bargainTry their relaxing CD and buckwheat pillows - I am addicted to it now	
Dec 26 2006 	Affinia Gardens Gets High Marks	We stayed at the Affinia Gardens the week before Christmas and were very pleased with our visit. The personnel at the front desk could not have been more friendly or accommodating, and we even found other guests that we met in the &quot;tea bar&quot; (great teas, excellent coffee in the morning, and wine and cheese one night each week) to be friendly and in good holiday spirits! We had a 1-bedroom suite which was BIG - the bedroom had two very comfortable queen beds with high quality linens, a living room with pull-out sofa, leather recliner, and large television, and well-equipped kitchen. The size was excellent for three of us, and the location on the east side was perfect for wandering shops and good restaurants. Everything was very clean and up to date -- we would definitely go back!(p.s. Jackson Hole across the street had the best hamburger I've had in a LONG time....)	
Dec 1 2006 	Not the luxury I was expecting.	My wife and I stayed at the Affinia Gardens over the Thanksgiving holiday. The property certainly has some advantages over many New York hotels most notably the size of the rooms. If I were looking for a place to stay with kids this would be near the top of my list just because of loads of elbow room in the rooms.The hotel is indeed on a relatively quiet street with antihonking ordinance signs posted. This did make for mostly quiet nights and even though we were on the second floor, street noise wasn't an issue.We spent nearly $500/night for our room and given that price I was expecting more; this is not what I would call a luxury hotel. The Zen decor seems cheap and out of place. There is a minimun number of staff. Our room had a large stain on the carpet. There is no breakfast offered or restaurant nearby. Worst of all was the fire alarm that went off at 3am one night that nobody in the building could silence. We almost decided to go for a walk to escape the siren's wail but after 10 minutes the fire department arrived to shut it off. No compensation was offerred for our inconvenience.To sum up I think this Affinia met my basic hotel expectations of a quiet room, comfortable bed and good shower. But given the price paid I was expecting more.	
Nov 14 2006 	Keep it our secret because its a gem	I hope the Affinia management will not use all of our rave reviews against us by making it an unaffordable destination.I love the location - if you want a more serene &quot;day in the life of a New Yorker&quot; setting on the Upper East side, this is the place. 4 large blocks from the park, about half that distance to the nearest subway stop, and of course the beautiful Park and Madison avenues.Despite a minor glitch with an arranged car, the staff is exemplary and very customer oriented.Beautiful in a Zen style with a better than average gym.Thank you Affinia	
Oct 17 2006 	New York Paradise	I stayed here in April and the class and quality of the hotel was apparent as soon as we stepped through the doors. Upon arrival you are offered a complimentary glass of Affinia's flavoured water (sounds silly, but is actually worth writing about). The reception staff were wonderful and the porters always available. The chill-out area adjacent to the reception was perfect and used by us on more than one occasion. The rooms were massive, kitchen and bathroom pristine and I have never slept in a more comfortable bed (and that includes my own). The easy to use safe was reassuring too. There is nothing bad to say about this hotel, I would actually say that it was a highlight of my trip to NYC.	
Aug 16 2006 	Calm clean great service	I cannot say enough good things about the Affinia Gardens. The client is king, the beds are so comfortable, the room was enormous, the amenities (bath products, little kits) are wonderful, the staff truly makes you feel at home, and best of all : silent, silent nights. I was there with my husband for a 5 night stay. It is a great location. Central park is just a stone's throw away. But, really, the staff is what makes this hotel special. You can tell that clients are happy and that everyone is there to make your stay as nice as possible. We will stay there again. Oh, and the price!! Wow! Great value.	
Aug 15 2006	quiet hotel	Don't be put off by the fact that this hotel is on 64th St. transport to tourist places easy and safe and it was further up central park so we saw more that the obligatory entrance opposite the Plaza. The hotel upgraded us to the penthouse which was of course very nice but I wouldn't class it as penthouse quality. They are refurbishing at the moment so I am sure that will change. The service was excellent. The staff were so helpful and friendly. They leave little cards with &quot;tranquility tips&quot; in the room which was a sweet touch. Don't get over excited by the complimentary tranquilty kits though - they are not very exciting! On the whole a good place to stay. There were no entertainment facilities in the hotel which was a shame but we ate out at Asia Grill around the corner on 2nd Ave which was unbelievable good value for money and excellent food.	
Jul 5 2006	Tranquility Achieved!	Enjoyed our stay at Affinia Gardens. Location is great-proximity to the park, Madison Ave shops &amp; great restaurants. The hotel- Large rooms, friendly staff, affordable.The whole tranquility (in the city)theme has been achieved. From the cucumber water upon arrival, the tea bar, nature sounds in the room, aveda bath products, to the complimentary tranquility kits you can use during your stay (choice between 3 types) it was pampering all around, especially after a long day with lots of walking.Area restaurants- I would reccomend JoJo, which is very close- the west side of Third on 64th. Central Park Boat House was great for all our breakfasts after a walk in the park.Shopping- Bloomingdale's is only a short stroll away, along with all of the great shops on Madison Ave. from 59th to the 80's.Can't wait to go back.	
Jun 29 2006 	Huge Rooms in the Big Apple	I stayed at the Affinia Gardens June 20-22 with my wife and son. We loved it. The room was huge and immaculate. We had the smallest room category in the hotel, and it was gigantic by New York standards. We had 2 queen beds and more closet space than we could possibly use. The bathroom was not huge, but there was a small alcove with a mirror and shelf which gave ample room to spread out. I stayed at the Affinia 50 just after its renovation. I disagree with the earlier reviewer: the renovation of the Affinia Gardens is every bit as nice as the Affinia 50. Housekeeping was excellent. The housekeeper found a spot on the carpet and called in to have it cleaned without our having to call it to her attention.The hotel was also very quiet. It is across the street from the Manhattan Eye Hospital, but the hospital has no emergency room, so you did not have to worry about ambulance sirens. Our room was next to the elevator. However, we were not at all disturbed by it (the design is intelligent; the elevator is closest to the bathroom, not the beds).Our room was not ready until 2:00 p.m., so we had to check our bags. However, the bellman, Sal was extremely accommodating. He let us retrieve items from our bags and check extra items so we could sightsee comfortably. In response to another review, I am not sure why anyone would wait several hours to check in with Manhattan just outside the door.Because we were there on a Tuesday night, we were invited to a wine and cheese reception. The wine was inexpensive, but quite good (you don't expect gran vins at these events). The cheese offered was above average for this kind of event. What stood out in my mind was that the manager made an effort to introduce himself. He also served the wine. He actually was interested in meeting us and seeing the guests mingle. I have never had such a warm reception at one of these receptions.We liked the location at 64th St. and 3rd Avenue. There was a Food Emporium at the corner which was great for snacks and drinks to store in the full size refrigerator. It also had a deli; we got sandwiches one day when we needed something on the run. I liked being a little bit out of the bustle of midtown. Dylan's Candy Bar was a block away, a big hit with my son.The downsides were minor. The exercise room is modest. I would avoid rooms on the first floor. Two rooms are directly across from the exercise room and 4 steps down from the lobby. The Lexington Avenue subway line is several blocks away, but the weather was nice so we walked or took a cab. I might have felt differently if it was February and I had to take the subway.I paid an average of $265 per night through Quikbook (before adding those outrageous NYC taxes), which I thought was a very good value. I think this place is far preferable to places like the Paramount which offer style, but shoebox sized rooms. We would definitely return.	
Jun 27 2006	The best hotel in NYC	We just got back from a fabulous stay in NYC in THE best hotel we've ever had the good fortune to find-The Affinia Gardens. Not only is the location wonderful (E. 64th &amp; 3rd Ave.-4 blocks from Central Park) but the rooms were ENORMOUS! The staff was the friendliest we've ever encountered. I hesitate to let anyone else know about this incredible find for fear of it being booked the next time we go. There's no reason to stay any place else!	
May 31 2006	Affinia Gardens rocked	We just spent 5 days and 4 nights in NYC. We stayed at the Affinia Gardens hotel and I was very impressed with the staff and the hotel. The 5 day stay at Affinia Gardens went beyond my expectations of a hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the rooms were very clean and comfortable. I would definetly stay at this hotel again and recommend it to my friends and family. The hotel used to be an apartment building - the room we stayed in had a full kitchen and enough room to sleep 4 or so people. It also had a separate bedroom with two very comfortable queen size beds with down comforters and a living room. The rooms were very very very clean and very comfortable. The location of the hotel was very accomdating. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who was coming to NYC. The one thing that really stands out in our stay at this hotel is we got home rather late on Sunday and wanted to purchase a bottle of wine. We asked the front desk if they knew of a place that was open that would sell wine. They said everything was closed; however the person behind the desk had a bottle that she purchased eariler in the evening and they gave it to us for free. The staff was very friendly and it made the stay very nice. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who was coming to NYC.	
May 18 2006	Highly Recommended	We have stayed in New York a number of times and would say that this has been the most comfortable hotel to date. Their focus is on tranquility and they certainly achieve this as much as can be expected in a busy place like NYC. The responsiveness and courtesy of all staff was outstanding and the rooms were big, modern and well appointed. The bathroom although not large was luxurious with high quality toiletries and an excellent shower. Just a few blocks from Central Park, the location of the hotel is great for exploring the park and the upper east side; yet only a few dollars in a cab(c. $5-7) to get to Times Square. Will will certainly consider staying here again in the future.	
Apr 14 2006	Oasis on the East Side	We could only stay here one night of our 2 night NYC visit but I could have stayed for a week. The room was huge and had a spa-like feeling. Great kitchen with everything we needed to serve our Chinese delivery food. They have menus for the local places and deliver to your room for a $2.00 service fee.Hard to find a good resonably priced place on the East side and this was perfect.	
Mar 16 2006	Still Great of Course But Not the Best Affinia	I've been coming to New York during this time in March each year for the past 5 years for the Big East basketball tournament. Three years ago a stumbled upon the Affinia Dumont thanks the Trip Advisor and have faithfully gone to Affinia properties in NYC ever since.This year I stayed in the two bedroom suite with 5+ guys. The suite was spacious, well appointed, clean and all of these adult males fit easily into the room with plenty of space to spare. The hotel has a 'tranquility' theme, accented with an excellent tea bar in the lobby. It's a nice touch after arduous travel.However, this Affinia property is simply not the equal of the Affinia Dumont or the Affinia 50, in my opinion. It hasn't been re-done or appointed in quite the level of style as the others, though similar. The area of town is also a little more sterile, being the Upper East Side and all.Lastly, for the first time, I was disappointed in an Affinia property's service. Though I arrived prior to the 3 o'clock check-in time, my room wasn't ready and wasn't ready until after 3. Also, the staff didn't seem to be in any rush to make it up, though I sat in the lobby, patiently sipping at the tea bar for a few HOURS. Moreover, they regarded the presence of multiple young men (we're all well paid young professionals in our late 20's and early 30's) as somewhat of a nuisance and a potential hazard to the 'tranquility' of the hotel. I was disappointed that I was treated with such little respect after always enjoying fantastic service at Affinias.Still, if you're a couple or a family, I'm sure they'll be as accomodating as always. Still excellent for NYC by any standard and still recommended. Though, next time, I'll probably go for the Affinia Dumont or Affinia 50.	
Mar 14 2006	A great find	Thanks to the reviews on this site, I had a pleasant 4-night stay at the Affinia Gardens. The room was large, clean and overall seemed brand new. The only giveway that it was not new were the random stains on the carpet, but its hard to critisize because all of the other elements were well above average. The kitchen is equipped with enough basics to be useful. The bathroom was large, well lit and pristinely clean. I have never seen a bathroom with such ample storage space, a nice plus. Like other reviewers, I too have stayed in other nice NYC hotels like the W, Paramount, etc. in rooms that were plush but way too small and cramped. The Affinia Garden's rooms are not only huge by NYC standards, they are huge for a hotel room, period. A great find in a great location, a good healthy walk to midtown or Central Park, yet quiet enough to sleep soundly at night. Highly recommend.	
Mar 12 2006	A Gem in the Big Apple	I cannot begin to tell you how much we enjoyed our visit to New York and our stay at the Affinia Gardens. The rooms have recently been very tastefully remodeled and refurnished in a modern style. Our suite was wonderfully sized with all the conveniences (I must confess we were upgraded to the penthouse on our arrival. A wonderful surprise.) The staff is exceptional, informed and helpful. Upon arrival they asked about our plans, if we needed tickets to any shows, if we had been to New York before, etc. Maps and tour guides were provided. I like small touches too like the housekeeping staff greeting you by name if you met them on the floor. There's a nearby grocery store which is great for loading in groceries for snacking and saving some meal expense. The kitchen is well equipped if you should decide to cook. While the Affinia doesn't have a restaurant, they have arrangements with four nearby restaurants (Chinese, Italian, American-Diner, Hamburger) for delivery for a $2 service charge. Another arrangement with a parking garage two doors down provides for a discounted parking. Great location on the east side, convenient to museums and transportation. I almost hate posting such a rave review if it makes the Affinia too popular. But they earned it.	
Feb 14 2006 	Large quiet rooms with great service!	I stayed for 3 days and was amazed at the size of the room. Having stayed in other NYC hotels, this is by far one of the best for the price. The kitchen was a big money saver and the staff was friendly, knowledgable and helpul. I had to day-sleep needed to change rooms due to construction - they were most gracious. Would definitely stay again.	
Feb 6 2006	Great Hotel for NYC	My husband and I stayed at the Affinia for New Years Eve. I must start however by saying that we lived in NYC for many years and just live outside of the city now, so we are New Yorkers. If people from other places come here they may not be satisfied, but as a New Yorker, these rooms are HUGE and a good price, and extremely nice. I also have to say that I worked at the Waldorf Astoria for YEARS fairly recently, and my mother worked at the Grand Hyatt. I have been into the rooms of New Yorks top hotels - the Palace, Plaza, Hilton, Hyatt, St Regis, etc. I LOVED this hotel. It was quiet, clean with fabulous rooms, I would never reccomend other hotels above this one. You have a kitchen, and a living space - our room was larger than most NYer's apartments. It is not a huge hotel, but that is a good thing, trust me.	
Jan 14 2006	Excellent upper east side hotel	We stayed at the Affinia Gardens hotel on East 64th St near 3rd Ave in December 2005. We paid under $300 per night the week before Christmas, which was one of the better deals available on the internet at that time of year. This is the third Affinia hotel we have stayed at in New York, and they've all been excellent. It's recently rennovated with handsome, modern furnishings and fixtures. Room was very large with two beds, a lounge chair, a desk, plenty of floor space and a full kitchen. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. They have coffee and tea in the lobby, and although they have no restaurant, they have a suprisingly good and efficient delivery arrangement with four local restaurants. This functions like room service except that you call the restaurants directly. The delivery is made to the front desk who puts the food charge on your hotel bill, and then a hotel employee delivers the food to your room. Prices were reasonable and you have access to four large and diverse menus for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We like the upper east side, and this is an excellent hotel in that area.	
Dec 19 2005	Huge suites good prices fabulous wheelchair access at Affinia Gardens	The Affinia, formerly the Lyden Gardens, has first floor suites that are bigger than most of the Manhattan apartments we've seen.The place has a ramped entrance, an attentive staff and room service from several nearby restaurants ranging from burgers to breakfast to bistro dinners.The price point, for the Upper East Side location, is phenominal. Can't say enough about this and other Affinia properties. We don't work for this chain or have any affiliation, we just like to sing the praises of the rare property that offers roll-in showers and every other amenity a disabled traveler is seeking on the road.	
Sep 22 2005	The Lyden Gardens is now the Affinia Gardens - and it's good	The Lyden Gardens is no more. Since mid-September, it has changed its name to the Affinia Gardens Hotel, to reflect its ownership by the Affinia Hotels group and a substantial refurbishment from top to bottom. (Note to TripAdvisor editors: best start a new thread for the newly-renamed hotel, perhaps...)My wife and I stayed there in the first week of the new image, and had a highly enjoyable four nights there. A regular guest my wife got talking to said that the new look has resulted in a significant ugrading for the hotel and its facilities, so maybe prices will rise to reflect this.The hotel is situated in a good part of town, four blocks away from the subway, and you might be best advised to ask for a room in the back of the hotel, as this does not overlook a road. We were fortunate enough to have a first floor room at the back, which came with a good-sized patio with seating for four.Our room would have been big enough for four double beds, let alone the two we had. Other room facilities were a small but newly refurbished bathroom, and a kitchen with fridge/freezer, gas cooker, microwave and sink.The Affinia Garden has been repositioned as a &quot;Tranquil Hotel&quot;, with herbal teas available in the Serenity Bar at the front, opposite the highly organised, efficient and friendly reception.All in all, a good place to stay - we'd definitely return - but expect the prices to rise.	
Mar 9 2005	Beware! We got bumped!	I made a reservation about a month before our stay at The Lyden Gardens which I secured with our credit card. The morning we left California to fly to Manhattan, I called and confirmed our reservation using the confirmation number. When we arrived at The Lyden Gardens that night at about 9pm we were informed that the Hotel was oversold and that we were being sent to The Sheraton Meadowlands in New Jersey. Needless to say, I was not pleased. When we arrived at the Sheraton in Jersey it was 11pm. The restaurant and room service had just closed. No dinner! The next day we made our way back to Manhattan by about noon. The Lyden Gardens paid our cab fare each way. We waited in the lobby about one hour while they prepared our room. Essentially we lost one day of our vacation. They did send up a bottle of wine, pay for two nights (out of seven) of our lodging. One of the nights they paid for was our night in New Jersey. They also picked up the tab for one dinner we had at a restaurant on the corner. One of the things that galls me about our experience is that if we hadnt shown up the first night our credit card would have been charged for the full amount. They are protected. We (as the consumer) are not.	
Feb 23 2005	Nice reasonably priced place	The Lyden Gardens is not a fancy, overpriced hotel. But our family loved it and we will definitely stay there again. It is very convenient, near the Upper East, offices, short walk to Central Park. Being between 2nd and 3rd Ave means the neighborhood is not glamorous, but there are lots of restaurants, grocery stores, dry cleaners, etc. nearby. The Food Emporium nearby is a gourmet grocery, and China Fun restaurant was very good but crowded (popular). The Lyden Gardens lobby was curiously small, but clean and the desk staff was always friendly and helpful. The best thing was that the room was large, with a nice sized (for Manhattan), separate kitchen. Also, we really appreciated the broadband wireless Internet connection, which we subscribed for at a modest price. So the computer worked anywhere in the room. We had a room on the third floor facing the trees in back, which was a much nicer view than many hotels and apartments in Manhattan. Also, the exercise room was better than many hotels I've stayed in.	
Jan 6 2005	Excellent Value Perfect location.	I stayed in lyden Gardens the weekend before Christmas 2004(shopping), Had a great time. The hotel had a very festive atmosphere, the staff were very helpful, you only had to ask for directions or info and they would go out of there way to help. The rooms were spacious and had everything we needed for meals, it was like a mini apartment, clean and tidy.It also has an excellent location, only 5 minuets from Cental Park and the subway, that on the N and the R train will take you top to bottom in Manhattan within 20 minuets (2 for 45st or 5 for 34st), also being off a main avenue is quite quiet for a good nights sleep.I recommend Lyden Gardens to anyone on the lookout for great value that you dont have to sacrifice location or quality for.I will be returning next year.	
Jan 4 2005	Not luxury at all	We stood in the Lyden Gardens at the beggining of December 2004.The hotel staff was friendly and very helpful. Rooms are big (We stood in a 1 Bedroom room with 2 queen beds and a sofa). Beds are not very comfortable, and the sofa is horrible for sleeping. Bathroom is small and a little bit &quot;old&quot;, but is enough. Think about this hotel as an option if you are not looking for a luxury &quot;look &amp; feel hotel&quot;.We recommend you the Italian Restaurant in the Room Service. Food is very good and price is OK. The only thing to take into account with the room service is that the hotel charges you a fee for the room service and also makes you call to order yourself the food (outside call). Small hint: Try to get a room with garden views (not street views) to have a silent room.	
Dec 2 2004 	Disappointed		
Oct 15 2004	Great find!		
Sep 30 2004	Great Hotel Great Neighborhood		
Sep 23 2004	Just right		
Jun 1 2004	Very nice and a bargain		
May 10 2004	Very Impressed		
Mar 13 2004	One's own wonderful welcoming east side apartment		
Jan 14 2004	Loved the Lyden		
May 12 2003	Our own NYC apartment		
Jan 2 2003	Best of Manhattan		
Nov 20 2009 	Residence/albergo		
Oct 13 2009 	Cmodo y bien situado		
Sep 27 2009 	Nuestro apartamento en el Upper East		
Aug 23 2009 	??????????		
Aug 18 2009 	mi aspettavo qualcosa di meglio		
May 30 2009 	Excelente Hotel		
Mar 16 2009 	Cmodo y confortable excelente ubicacin		
Dec 18 2008 	Excellent hotel allez y les yeux ferms.		
Mar 3 2008 	Magnfico hotel		
