	Bedbugs!!!!	I woke up with red welts on my back. They moved me to a new room and offered me free breakfast. That it!I have never experienced this before and sincerely hope it never happens to me again.	
	Great location. Fine rooms.	The location at 45th &amp; Madison is great if you need to get to Grand Central or if you've never been to NYC and want to be relatively close to things. I usually prefer to stay on the west side but got a room here for the Tues. of Thanksgiving Week for an excellent price using PriceLine. All NYC hotel rooms are small and this is no exception (chair at the desk touches the bed when not tucked under the desk) but the bed is excellent. There's a flat screen tv and the bathroom/shower etc. were just fine. Really short on closet space and not much room to store anything more than 2 carry on sized bags, but again, it's NYC and space is at a premium. The a/c worked fine for us unlike the other reviewer and the hotel was quiet. The bar is busy and the bartenders who seem a bit grumbly at first do warm up. I would definitely stay here again, especially at my priceline.com room rate. Unless you're looking for a luxurious big room in which to spend a lot of time, this will do just fine.	
	Family and Fun	Its a great hotel and its located in a great area with nice views and a nice clean hotel	
	Great If you want to stay @ Midtown	This hotel can't be better located in NYC: 100 mts from 5 Av and 200 from central Station, you can go walking to Broadway and to the central Park!The service is not great, when we arrived having our room for three already booked and paid they wanted to give us a smoking room or a 1 bed room for three.... after talking some time they gave us what we have paid for!The room was comfortable and clean. If I come back to NYC I won't stay @ midtown but if I had to....I would go back to roosevelt for the price benefit value.	
	If you're looking for a reasonably clean hotel experience this is NOT for you.	Although I read some bad reviews about The Roosevelt, I thought I would give it a try considering its location and what I thought was a reasonable deal at the time from Priceline.My room was terrible. The entrance and lobby look decent enough, but my room as small and extremely dirty. The curtains were moldy, no, not the shower curtains, but the drapes in my room! I'm not surprised because the the room was very stuffy and humid. There is no thermostat, just an ancient wall fan with &quot;cool&quot; and &quot;warm&quot; options, which by the way, is very loud. Also, the mirror hanging on my bathroom door was covered in greasy white spots (I still have no idea what it was)... Disgusting! What kind of cleaning staff doesn't wipe down mirrors? The carpet was worn and dirty and the bathroom smelled very dank. The tub was old and had deep scratches across the surface. Worst of all, my bed smelled like urine... I am NOT exaggerating here. To top things off, something in the room aggravated my allergies and I was up sneezing and sniffling all night. Did I mention the view, or lack thereof? The only good thing about this place was the location. I thought I got a good deal on Priceline, but I would not stay there again even if someone paid me. Frankly, I expect more from a 3.5 star hotel. I wouldn't mind the small room and paper thin walls, especially because this is an old hotel, but management should make an effort to make their rooms reasonably clean...	
	quality vrs price I would give it a F F F F	Do not use the concierge for broadway tickets. We were charged double the price. There is no comp of anything. The room is antiquated, analog tv, tiny, tiny bathroom. No coffee in room but may purchase @ restaurant for $4.50 a cup. I will never stay there again. A/C was unsat, hole in carpet.Lobby and location was great.jerryenmon@yahoo.com	
Nov 26 2009 	Great location for 1st timers!	Looked for ages for a hotel in an ideal central location in NYC, and The Roosevelt is definitely it! Right next to Grand Central Station if you want the subway, 4 blocks from Times Square if you're walking, i dont think i could of picked a better location. Only time i was in the hotel was to sleep, so i will say the bed was lovely, big and soft! and if i was to pick a problem it was that our room looked out on to 45th street and on the thursday night it was soooo noisy - rubbish tracks all night long - but over the weekend it was not as bad. If you like elegant, grand, big hotels (I'm talking about the reception!) and if you dont mind your rooms simple, and your bathrooms small - and i mean small theres no space for your toiletries girls! - then this hotel is brilliant :D	
Nov 23 2009 	Best location in Mid-Manhatten	My sister &amp; I just returned from NYC. We stayed at the Roosevelt--GOOD CHOICE!! Prior to our visit to NYC, we heard about the&quot; bed bug&quot; scare, so we decided to call &amp; inquire about it before our visit. We were assured at that time there was not a problem at the hotel. The gentleman we spoke with was very kind &amp; informative. He also upgraded our rm. to the hospitality suite-at no extra charge. We were not disappointed when we arrived. The rm. was everything that was promised &amp; more { with no bedbugs} The location was the best- we were within walking distance to almost everywhere we wanted to go. Can't wait to go back. Hope to stay in the same rm.	
Nov 23 2009 	Relaxing and comfortable stay	My husband and I stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel for 5 nights and I can honestly not fault it at all. Its in such a great location being 1 block from 5th Avenue and right on Madison Avenue. The room was spotless and quite spacious, contrary to what I have read previously about 'box rooms'! The staff were more than helpful especially as the hotel was extremely busy. Would definitely go back.	
Nov 18 2009 	The Roosevelt Hotel	3.5/5+In the heart of NY!+Clean Rooms, comfortable beds-Very small rooms-Expensive -Expensive charges (wifi, roomservice etc)	
Nov 17 2009 	Okay hotel.	I stayed here from 11/15 to 11/17 on business. The hotel is worn, but clean. The rooms were nothing special, but the bed was comfortable. The hotel was very busy, and the bar was busy each evening. For a business trip it was fine, although the internet was slow, and the location was great. I would not stay here for a vacation, though.	
Nov 14 2009 	what can I say a so-so hotel	I stayed one night at this hotel for a business meeting. Location is really good, a short walk to major attractions. Room is small and old as expected, what surprised me is that there is no free umbrella for hotel guests to borrow, ( you need to pay for borrowing an umbrella). I guess there is no service to expect for a $200 per night hotel. What can I say, it's New York. If it's for pesonal trip, I'd rather stay in Financial District area, hotels there are much more updated and reasonably priced.	
Nov 13 2009 	ALMOST PERFECT!!	I travelled to the Roosevelt on the 2nd November with my boyfriend. After reading some of the negative comments on here I was quite honestly dreading our stay but from what I experienced the hotel definatly has more pros than cons.When we arrived at the hotel check in was quick and professional. I asked if it would be possible to get an upgrade and was given a suite free of charge which was huge!! The lobby area is beautiful and spotless. The rooms are dated and although the maids came every day to clean there were little things that let them down. Our shower head was loose there was a plug sockett hanging from the wall and there were some blinds in the dressing area that were covered in dust. On the positive side the bed was really comfy we had 2 plasma tvs one in the bed area and one in the living room area and nice comfy sofa.From what we experienced the service at the hotel was 2nd to none every request we had was delt with in a proffsional and friendly manor and quickly too, My boyfriend forgot his razor so the hotel arranged for some complimentry disposables to be brought to the room including shaving foam! The doorman was always on hand to flag down taxis and on our last day the hotel stored our luggage for us without any issue. We only ordered room service once and was delicious!! as with most hotels it was a little pricey but when you compare it with New York prices it's not that different really!!The location of the hotel is FANTASTIC!! we walked everywhere!! It's 2 mins away from Grand Central Station, about 10 mins from times square and The Empire State Building and Rockerfeller Centre are a short distance on foot. It's just on 5th Ave so all the shoppings on your door step and it took about 15 mins to walk to Maceys and 20 mins to Bloomingdales. The only time we took a cab anywhere was to get down to Battery Park for the Ferry to Liberty and Ellis Island.All in all the hotel is definalty worth a visit if you get a bargain. It's classic dated style was fine for us but if you like modern contempery hotels with wow factor rooms it's probably not the place for you. We're quite easy going but I can see for more fussier travllers how the rooms could be a sore point however I can't see how anyone could fault the service.	
Nov 8 2009 	great choice for the great deal I got on priceline	My husband and I were determined to find a decent hotel (3*) for under $200 a night for our November 4-7 stay in NYC, and we found it at the Roosevelt. Like the others who've commented here, the lobby is still a gem after all these years. Really, really beautiful. And like the others who've commented on the rooms, we weren't overly impressed. BUT, and this is a big but....the room was clean, functional and the bed was comfortable. At the end of the day, that's really all I care about. Yes, the toilet had to be flushed two, three times. Yes, the room was bare, fairly small, had no coffeemaker or mini fridge, the curtains over the AC unit were dirty and needed washing...but again, the major stuff was fine. Everyone we came into contact with was very pleasant, even went out of their way for us. So keep in mind, the few customer service glitches you are reading here are far outnumbered by the good or excellent service received by the hundreds of people who stay in this hotel and don't leave a review. I would recommend this hotel, unless you want upscale accomodation and are willing to pay for it. P.S. You can get free wi-fi in your room if you have AT&amp;T as your cellphone service provider.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great Stay at Roosevelt	We loved the Roosevelt. Walking distance to Times Sq, U N buildings, and the Empire State building. Our room was clean and quiet and the bed was very comfortable. The foyer was gorgeous and took you back in time to another glamorous era. Lifts were great and quick. Great price. We went from here to stay in Greenwich Village for a few nights. A great combination of places to stay in NY	
Nov 8 2009 	37 bucks for a club sandwich??? What the...	There are hundreds, maybe thousands, of hotels in NYC and this one is not the one you should stay at. Rooms are tiny, rooms have absolutely no view (I stayed on the top floor--should have had a view of something), food is 4x more expensive than what it should cost (a club sandwich cost me $37), and the internet should be free (it's $15/day. I could go across the street to the coffee shop and get free internet or I can stay at the Roosevelt, pay $300 to stay the night and still have to pay $15 to use the internet.). The bellhops beg for tips and the waiter who delivered my room service practically stole the tip i gave him because he did not tell me he my room service bill already included an 18% gratuity and a $4.50 &quot;service charge&quot;. Do not stay here unless you have some extra cash you just want to throw in the trash.	
Nov 7 2009 	The place to be in NY	If you're hitting Manhattan and traveling to New York for leisure and shopping, The Roosevelt Hotel offers excellent location and good accommodation. Strategically walking distance from Grand Central, Times Square, Broadway, Empire State, Rockefeller, Central Park and lots of shopping places. The price of accommodation is considerably cheap considering it's rated 3.5 stars. The room is also spacious, considering it's in Manhattan. If you're traveling in groups of 4, staying in this hotel is a lot better option than staying in b&amp;b or hostel.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great hotel - don't worry about the bad reviews	Stayed at the Roosevelt for four nights; was slightly concerned at the mixed reviews but am very pleasantly surprised - front-desk staff were great, room is large and in good shape. Good value for money Concierge staff were as good as it gets - Christine helped me with a number of issues and is a credit to the hotel. As long as a I can get a reservation I know where I'll be staying in NYC in the future.	
Nov 3 2009	Great Location... But Hotel Needs A Complete Renovation	Having read many mixed reviews on the Roosevelt I was quite unsure what to expect when we arrived at the hotel. We stayed at the Roosevelt for 5 nights and booked a standard double room, but sent an email to the hotel requesting a room with two double beds. When we arrived at the hotel we were greeted by a nice open airy lobby with fresh flowers on the table and smiles at the door from the bell boys, however no one offered to take our luggage for us. When we got to the check in desk, the staff were friendly and helpful but had somehow messed up the booked and stated that we were only booked in for 3 nights, however when she checked the system again she realised she was looking instead at a reservation in 2010 (very strange I know, and I hope they havnt got us booked in for then!) It was rectified quickly and she apologised and we were given a room on the seventh floor with a view of the street on Madison Avenue. The rooms are a very good size, and the beds are quite comfy however they do not know how to make a bed properly and do not have bedding that actually fits the beds! The wallpaper as many have described and the decor of the rooms is somewhat tired and does have the look of nursing home style! There was a nice TV with cable channels and an air conditioning unit however we didn’t touch it! The bathrooms were by far the most tired feature of the rooms, with the shower head not stuck to the wall properly and a bath that would not hold water for any length of time as well as the sink as the plug allowed it to drain. We didn’t experience any of the 'brown water' cases as others suggested and always had hot water.There are 6 lifts in the hotel, but you can be waiting a little time for them. The longest we had to wait for one was 5 mins and this was on our last day. We never eat in the hotel, tried breakfast their once at the Starbucks, would not recommend it, but good if you have no idea where to go on your first day. There is if you are unsure where to eat on your first night, a great Italian restaurant called 'Naples 45,' which is reasonably priced and great food! Overall the hotel did what we needed it to do. We got the hotel at a great price on Expeida, but if I had paid the £1300 the room would have cost if I had booked direct with the hotel, then I would not be happy. We were hardly in the hotel much only to sleep and come back to in the afternoon for a rest, so if that is all your looking for and you get it at a good price, then yes, the Roosevelt would be a fine option.... it was clean, and had all the amenities we needed, however if you are looking for something a bit more, and are bothered about the tired looks and stained carpets in the hall ways etc then I would look to stay somewhere else. If the hotel were to have a complete renovation then this hotel could be amazing! Just a bit of TLC is needed, but I think due to the sheer size of the hotel (1000+ rooms) it is too big for the staff to care for it, or for them to update it. eg. at the bell boys desk there were 7 members of staff all doing the same job when 3 could have done it easily. If you need a hotel that is in a great location with rooms that a comfortable and not bothered about eating there then the Roosevelt would be suitable.	
Nov 2 2009 	an awful experience	My husband and I stayed in the Roosevelt hotel.We were on honeymoon and New York was our last stay. We regret booking this hotel. I cannot say one good thing about our time in the hotel/ Our room was like a match box. The sockets on the wall had all burnt marks on them. When I went to iron my clothes the iron fell apart and burnt myself. And it took 12 hours to get another one,even after explaining what happened and asking for one five times thoughout the day. The staff were very rude and very unprofessional.and no ways helpful.I did not expect to be treated like this especially on my honeyroom and I still feel very angry about my experience here	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Recently had a 4 night stay, read many reviews on here and was concerend to the point of nearly cancelling. Glad i didnt, hotel was great, good location, friendly staff, nice size rooms and very clean.	
Oct 31 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Location	We visited New York for the first time, and got a fair price on this hotel, and we didn't regret it at all. We had read alot of reviews, and alot of them we're very negative. But we we're very postiv suprised, by the service, from the checkin, to the room, that not was up to date, but ok, when you think of the age of the Hotel. Elevators worked fine, but expect a litlle waiting time, in the morning, when all people will check out at the same time. And best of all, the hotel is in the middle of all things in manhatten, 5 minuttes from Time Square, when you walk. So the greatest location, to a fair price :-)	
Oct 26 2009 	Good hotel	We have nothing to complain about. Roomy room decorated in an american taste that is not correspondent with our own but I guess carpets are found in every NY hotel.	
Oct 25 2009 	Okay if you get a great deal on the rate...	For a bid of $180 per night, Priceline put me at the Roosevelt for a 6-night business trip. And for that price, it was just fine, but there's no way I would pay the rack rate of $300+ per night to stay here. There was nothing horrible about it, and there was plenty that was good. My room was huge, with 2 queen beds and a huge walk-in closet. It was by far the biggest hotel room I have ever had in Manhattan. The employees were friendly and helpful. The location was good, just a few feet from Grand Central and an easy walk to Times Square, 5th Ave, etc. But the place felt dated and creaky. The elevators were slow. The room air conditioning system made a lot of noise but not much cool air. The toilet flushed reluctantly and the shower drain was also cranky. One morning I took a shower and the water was warm, but would not get hot.And they charge $15 a day for wireless internet which I think is outright gouging.I would stay here again as long as I was paying under $200 a night, but not more than that.	
Oct 25 2009	I would never recommend this hotel to anyone	My family and I recently stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel on a recent trip to NYC. I have stayed at several other 3 1/2 and 4 star hotels in Manhattan and I have never had such a bad experience. Upon check in we went to our room (which was a requested non-smoking room) and the room smelled of smoke. Not just a faint smell but an intense cloud of cigarette smoke. We complained to the front desk and or room was moved. Our new room had a problem with the hot water heater and even after maintenance &quot;fixed&quot; the problem we only got a hot shower one out of the three nights we stayed there. During our second night, my sister discovered a crusty yellow stain on the bed sheets. Overall I would never recommend this hotel to anyone who was visiting NYC.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great customer service	i held a major black tie gala event at the Roosevelt and was very pleased with the customerservice and attentiveness of the staff. we wanted to have a 3 course meal served to over 300 people within one hour before the speaking part of our program. They executed this flawlessly, with attentiveness and courtesy. We did not feel rushed at all. When there were little issues, not one staff person said it was not their job to handle it. Everyone took responsibility to make sure this flowed. They know how to handle big groups and they do it with style.	
Oct 22 2009 	Can't Beat This Location	Venerable hotel, opened 80+ years ago, but not rundown or seedy. Central location can't be beat; walking distance to Times Square, New York Public Library, more, plus easy public transportation. If I had to describe the hotel in one word, it would be Convenient. Paid $169 through Priceline.	
Oct 19 2009 	Nothing Fancy But Great Location	Got a great deal from hotels.com for our trip in August. We had a double queen room - and the rooms were fine. Nothing fancy, but clean and large for NYC. The lobby is impressive and the hotel staff is not overly friendly, but helpful when pressed. The best part of staying here was the location. We didn't spend much time in our rooms, since we traversed the city from dawn to midnight, so for our purposes the Roosevelt was a good choice. Not five-star accomodations, but good nonetheless.	
Oct 19 2009 	While the hotel has made some improvements I would not stay here	Although the entrance and lobby pay tribute to it's historic attributes, don't be fooled. The Roosevelt Hotel does not quite measure up to industry standards. I will recognize the bell staff and bar waiter for their attentive service - but it stops there. One of my colleagues rooms was not ready until 7:30pm in the evening and was told there was 'no place to change clothes'I was originally checked into an accessible room - with no fixed shower head. I asked to move but was told I'd have to wait another day even though there were plenty of rooms ready when I first arrived. I also had to re-pack all my belongings and store with the bell stand yet again - frustrating when you are in town for business. I was not alerted that I even had this room type to begin with. The pillows in the rooms have pointed ends on all fours - I woke up one morning with a large scratch down the side of my face. It was red and cut up enough for my colleagues to notice the next morning. Although food in New York is expensive, $30 for oatmeal and coffee seemed extreme.Maids do not knock before entering a room and they are quick to enter between 8am-8:30am so make sure you have your deadbolt locked. I also had trouble understanding the English from some of the employees- including two bell man.Elevators- it is impossible to get one to not stop at every floor. It seems every time you need to go to your room, they are always busy. Though this is trivial, it became rather annoying being in the 14th floor and having 5 stops or more every time I had to use one.Lastly when I was packing up the day before I left, I noticed a small 'pebble dropping' on the bed comforter. Not sure where that came from, but I'd rather not know. From what I've heard, this hotel had improved quite a bit from where it was last year, but by no means does it even compare to staying at an average Holiday Inn. Rooms were advertised at $299 per night, but I honestly I wouldn't hesitate spending the extra $30-$50 per night to get a much higher level of accommodation and service. You will thank yourself later.	
Oct 19 2009 	Excellent Stay	Scored the hotel on priceline for $185 a night. They were very nice. They gave us a room with 2 double beds, a fridge and gave us a crib for our baby without any hassle. Room was reasonable size for NYC. Location is great.	
Oct 18 2009 	Do not be fooled by the beautiful lobby the rooms are awfull and overpriced. Avoid unless desperate.	We were VERY disappointed with this hotel. After telling friends that we were finishing our 5 week tour of Europe with 3 nights in a Luxury New York hotel we arrived at the Roosevelt to find a hotel that is a shadow of its former self and incredibly overpriced. Our poor experience (after looking forward to our stay) started with our arrival. Not only did the 3 door staff not offer so much as a welcome or a smile, but they failed to even hold the door open for us or even offer to help us with our bags. The lobby was quite beautiful but that is where the class and attention to detail ends. After seeing the aged hallway to our room I instantly knew we had been ripped off. The room itself was old with worn carpets, peeling paint/wallpaper, a musty/moldy smell, ancient air conditioners and a bathroom from the 70's. This place needs a total overhaul. Not only were the rooms on par with budget accommodation, there was no wifi internet (just 2 computers in the lobby that were very expensive), no included breakfast	
Oct 17 2009 	Charming	Stayed with 2 friends on a five night trip to the city. Choose the hotel for its excellent, central location and I wasnt wrong. 2 mins from GC Stn, Park Ave, Times Sq all a 5-15 min walk.With almost 1200 bedrooms its a big hotel making a lot of money. Having read the other reviews most are accurate in that the hotel is charming 'old world' but has its flaws in the general upkeep and maintainence. If you can accept these 'niggles', its an all together good hotel.If anything, the rooftop bar is worth staying for....panoramic views with a 180 degree view of the city.	
Oct 15 2009 	Charm and location but expect problems with the room	I've stayed here many times and I will return. But I've learned to check my expectations in the totally charming lobby. Good: Location, lobby and bar. Totally 'Old New York'Not so good: The air con has been on the heritage list since 1980 and hasn't been serviced since then. You'll complain and a totally charming service guy will make some soothing gestures. But it will continue to noisily blow air at room temperature throughout your stay.The wiring dates from the Roosevelt era. You'll try in vain to plug in your iPhone charger AND your laptop. And the $14.95 internet connection runs at the speed of Clinton era dial-up modems.The bathroom will have at least one of the following issues (and I've seen them all): no hot water, toilet won't flush; toilet runs constantly, tub won't drain.There will be sundry bits of room trim hanging.Do not order food here. Walk a block in any direction instead.But the beds are comfy, the staff are nice and pretend to fix your issues. And I'm a sucker for the 'Old New York' schtick. So I go back.	
Oct 14 2009 	More cons than pros	Walked into impressive lobby and got checked in. Upgraded to a standard double which was an adequate size (cosy queen must be tiny!). Room is dated and in need of refurbishment. Bit smelly, but clean and tidy except for the odd exposed wire connecting the lamp into the wall and the bathroom door not closing properly. The air conditioning unit kept us awake for much of the first night. Tried switching it off and opening the window - but street noise was just as bad. Next morning requested that the air con unit was fixed. Had to complain again when we returned to the hotel later that afternoon as still not repaired. Engineer came up and replaced the unit within the hour. On last day checked out with no problem. Asked a member of staff if the hotel would look after the bags whilst we enjoyed our last day, he then proceeded to make 2 phone calls before passing us onto a colleague - rude. On returning to the hotel to collect the bags the doorman found one, but then I had to go into the room to find the other 2 as they had not been stowed together. All in all the hotel was not worth the money we paid. We have previously stayed at Club Quarters at The Rockafeller Center which put The Roosevelt to shame and was a fraction of the cost. Don't be fooled by the impressive pictures on the website - this needs to be refurbished!	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice location average hotel	Lobby is very nice, front desk &amp; staff not very friendly, but OK. Room is little small for a cozy double, double, OK bath. Grand central terminal right across the street, Time Square, Rockectfeller, United Nations withing walking distance. If you need breakfast go to &quot;Pizza shop&quot; at 5th Ave, then turn left, pretty good. NY always a nice place to visit this is our 3rd time in the city &amp; we still have a lot of places to go for next trip.On weekend door to Grand central is closed so you need to enter from Park Ave next to Michael Jordan Steak House.	
Oct 8 2009 	great location	we recently stayed at the Roosevelt at 45 th and Madison . The location is great . Very close to Grand Central ,and Times Square . The rooms very large for N. Y . We had 2 queen beds. . with lots of room . The bathroom could use some freshing . The wall paper needs fixing The fitness room on the 2nd floor is open 24/7 , and free of charge .The staff were very friendly, and helpful. We took the bus to LGA for only $12.00. each .This sure beats a cab.	
Oct 7 2009 	The Roosevelt - ManhattanNew York	Grand foyer....fit for royalty! Amazing location, pretty close to grand central station, time square, nbc and 5th avenue. Concierge and staff were friendly without being &quot;in your face&quot;. My only gripe: room was a little cramped.	
Oct 7 2009 	Beware - do not go there.	I had the unfortunate experience of staying at this Hotel with a food and wine group. I was supposed to stay for four nights. I left after one! The security lock on the door of the room - when I finally got into it - was broken off, it looked as if it had been forced at some point, and the wood of the door itself was so rotten that it would not hold the screws when maintenance came to replace it. Basic amenities like a shower cap for instance where non existent. The quilt on the bed had been washed and the filling had gone lumpy. When I returned to my room later in the evening after supper there were strange people hanging around the corridors of my floor - obviously not going to or coming from the elevators. Then to top it all off when I awoke the following morning the entire room was without electricity!! The room was never serviced whilst I was there. My friends who were also staying awoke on their final morning to find they had no running HOT WATER.The staff were rude and could not care less - and forget about using the bellhops for luggage or getting cabs they did not want to know.	
Oct 6 2009 	Nothing to offer but location!	Stayed for two nights with a large group in town for a food and wine event. Our room was labeled deluxe and was marginal at best. Small, with a stained and noisy air-conditioner, stained carpeting, questionable bedding, a loose bed frame that almost catapulted my husband to the wall, torn lampshades and a tiny, uncomfortable bathroom with a very hard to work shower control. I talked with two others in our group whose rooms were so bad (roaches in one, and no electricity in the other!) that they changed hotels.Sunday morning was impossible -- 15-20 minute waits for the elevator, with very long lines at the bell desk and front desk. Too bad this hotel has never had a lot of people scheduled to check out at one time before, so they would know how to staff accordingly!!!	
Oct 5 2009 	Worst Hotel I've Stayed in in NYC	I took my staff up to NYC for a show as part of a business trip and we booked 3 rooms for 2 nights. When I first visited their website I thought we had made a great selection considering the location and the pictures of the hotel - don't be fooled!The customer service at this hotel was non-existent. My first problem was trying to PAY for a room upgrade. I emailed them a copy of my CC and a CC authorization form - they acknowledged they got it. When I saw the card had not been charged I called to ask about the upgrade I was PAYING for. They snipped that I had simply made a &quot;request.&quot; I reiterated that no, I had submitted the authorization form for the charges. They said they didn't get it - despite the fact I have an email from them saying they did receive it. So I sent it again and they finally charged the card - 4 phone calls later. When I arrived at the hotel they tried to charge me AGAIN.One of my staff members woke up to find a cock roach the size of a mosaic tile on the bathroom floor. They called down to the front desk and someone came and &quot;removed&quot; it - but where there's one roach there are more....they moved them to another room.The next night there was a wedding and a big party of some sort going on. There were people in the hallways running up and down and screaming obscenities. People were obviously intoxicated. I understand it's NYC on a Saturday so I didn't pay any mind to it. HOWEVER, when a very rude security officer banged on our door when we were doing nothing but sitting and talking (no tv, no music playing and our group was sober) and told us they had had 2 complaints about us and that if we didn't stop laughing he would &quot;escort us off the property&quot; I was appalled. The staff member who answered the door was in tears. He made no apology for her being upset - he said he was doing his job and he would &quot;do it again.&quot;When I stepped into the hallway to go back to my room I could hear all the rooms around us with people talking and laughing. I do not understand why we were singled out. Much less, my other staff complained that the running up and down the hall that people were doing kept them awake all night. Security didn't seem to threaten to escort them off of the property.The next morning, it took us THIRTY minutes to catch an elevator. This hotel has over 1000 rooms and has 6 elevators! During peak times you're wait is atrocious! When we asked a staff member if we could use their elevator just so we could check out (we were on the 16th floor - luggage is not something we could drag down that many steps) they just shook their head and walked away. The rooms are TINY - smallest I've ever seen!Overall, I think this is probably the worst hotel stay I have had in a very long time. Stay somewhere else!	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Staff	Got a great price for Friday and Saturday night stay recently on Hotwire. This hotel is beautiful. Room was great, nice size, linens and pillows were plush. Water pressure in the shower was unbelievable and hot, that alone makes this a 4 star hotel in my book. Wonderful location, staff was happy and helpful. Bar in lobby had Hendrick's gin what more could you want?	
Oct 2 2009 	An oldie but a goodie	My friend and I were chuffed to be upgraded to a superior room upon arrival. The room was clean and the beds comfy and reception staff very friendly. Location wise it's great, being close to transport (Grand Central) and within walking distance of lots of attractions. The only downside for us was the lack of tea &amp; coffee making facilities - this one extra would have made it perfect. Also, I found the gift shop concession staff over charged me for some stamps by several dollars.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great for the price. Central to everything.	Was in town for a trade tasting in Mid-town and chose the hotel for location vs. price without checking on TA first. We arrived early, checked in at the desk as the bellman had to check our bags for no rooms ready at that time. We returned several hours later to find a ling of 15 persons waiting to get checked in and was told that altghough we had 'checked-in' previously, we would have to get back in line and wait our turn to be assigned a key and room number. I found this unexceptible that the bellman had not been given a key for a room and that the bags were not checked into the room accordingly. Most top-notch hotels would have this as a standard mode of handling an early check-in when a room were not available. The upshot of my complaint to the bellman was a key which produced a handicap room which sufficed just fine. The room was clean and large enough if not a bit spartan. For the price and the location it all worked fine for this quick business trip. I'd return for a stay in the future.	
Oct 1 2009 	grand entrance rooms weel below average	we stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in sept. hotel entrance was grand &amp; looked fantastic.Our first room was in a poor state, air conditioning unit was like an old tractor, stains on the carpet &amp; the bathroom was all black &amp; mouldy. we had to stay in that room overnight as no other rooms were available. moved to another room the next day and was a little better. No bath, just a shower but again the shower area grout was all black &amp; mouldy &amp; the toilet pan was cracked. Again no other rooms avail. One Bellhop was only intent on getting a tip even though the cases were still in the same place that i had left them. His atitude was terrible. On the good side the hotel is in a very good location in New york.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Choice Great Deal Great Location	Upscale and within a minutes walk of Grand Central Station! Very close to 5th Avenue and within walking distance of Times Square. Very quiet and relaxing this hotel brings a new feel to the hustle and bustle of New York City. The service was excellent and the rooms were cozy.	
Sep 29 2009 	Average	I recently traveled to New York on a business trip and stayed at this hotel. My room was kind of small, but it's New York and that's simply how most hotels are. The bed was fine, and I liked the LG flat screen tv. I had some problems with the shower, as the knob would have to be turned barely on and in the cold position to produce hot water. The AC unit worked fine when on high, but was extremely loud when placed on low. There was no fridge or coffee maker in the room.I noticed catching an elevator was consistently a problem, especially after 9am. Be ready to wait 5 minutes just to get an elevator. The location is pretty good which is a bonus. But all in all, there are better places to stay in the same general area. I do not think I'd spend my own money to stay at this hotel.	
Sep 28 2009 	Large rooms close to everything helpful staff will defiantly go back	I stayed at the Roosevelt for 5 nights at the end of our 3 weeks US holdiay from Australia. There were three of us in the room my husband and my mum, the room was exceptionally large (larger than I expected for New York) clean and looked better than expected (nice white sheets etc) the rooftop bar is beautiful, the staff were friendly and helpful, close to everything no need to take a taxi you can either walk or take the subway (subway was so convenient and cheap!) would recommend this hotel to anybody and will defiantly stay there again.	
Sep 28 2009 	Location Lobby + Front Desk Staff Won Me Over"	I've been a NYC girl for years and I still find the lobby jaw-dropping. It is gorgeous, and the location is second to none for Manhattan - about as perfectly central as you can be. Doris at the Front Desk is spectacular and took great care of me. The bartenders at the lobby bar are charming as heck (they've been at it a while and the jokes don't get old ... ha) The usual cons: The rooms are small (welcome to NY); the elevators are slow (welcome to NY); the heat and AC are from the dark ages (welcome to NY); the only thing they could really legitimately use is regrouting of the showers. But the rest is fine, and priced incredibly reasonably considering that it's sitting on 45th + Mad.	
Sep 27 2009 	Good for the price!	Overall for what we paid this hotel was great. We got a special summer deal for a 4 night stay - we paid $139 a night plus tax. That included a voucher for breakfast per day (value of $10 a day). We had a non smoking twin on a high-ish floor (can't remember which one!) that overlooked the street to the front of the hotel. The beds were big and comfy, the room was clean, and the bathroom was good. yes its a bit worn at the edges and the lifts are really slow but lets face it you're in NYC! who wants to spend ages in the room! all you need is a clean comfy room to grab some rest before another great day shopping and sightseeing! The lobby is amazing too - very old grandeur!If i could get the same price again i'd definately stay here. its really close to grand central, a 10 min walk to times square and overall a good stay for the price.	
Sep 23 2009 	this hotel is infested with bed bugs	please beware. we stayed at the Roosevelt and brought home a house full of bed bugs! we are infested and have to throw out all of our matresses and spend thousands of dollar to replace them and well as having out whole house treated, it is Horrible. do not stay there!	
Sep 22 2009 	Cockroaches in the bathroom	This was one of the worst hotels I've ever visited. Truly awful. We were first shown our room which was on a &quot;non-smoking&quot; floor, but the entire floor (5th) reeked of smoke. It was also so tiny we could hardly walk around the bed .We requested an upgrade and had to pay $80/ night for the pleasure. The decor of the rooms is what I would call &quot;nursing home style&quot; with what seems to be plastic pink walls, not even wallpaper. The light bulbs have all been replaced with flourescent energy saving ones - which is a nice gesture for their wallets and the environment, but there's a happy medium that they did not strike. These were bottom of the barrel and the lampshades weren't big enough to cover them, so the overall effect was of an interrogation room. There was no cable TV, so we had fuzzy TV reception. There's no coffee maker, so we paid $54 for a medium pot of coffee and two orders of toast in the morning.And as the title suggests, the piece de resistance was the 3-inch cockroach that scuttled across the institution-like bathroom floor and clung to the plastic shower curtain. Luckily my boyfriend was with me because killing cockroaches isn't something I like to do before important business meetings. If you can do anything at all to avoid this hotel, please do. It's horrid.	
Sep 17 2009 	Excellent location!	The Roosevelt has an excellent location in the midtown of Manhattan.All at our fingertips!You can find the greatest places by foot. One nasty thing was my bedroom had no fridge which was an absurd if I payed more than 300 dollars for a room. The lobby of the hotel is pretty,well decorated!I really enjoyed my stay there!	
Sep 16 2009 	Tired Old Lady	I've stayed here many times for business a few years ago--mostly because of the location and value. Nothing special too close to my office to beat. I stopped because many other hotels midtown NY soon had better rates and more comfortable rooms. I tried again and--while the hotel has a wonderful history and is a beloved friend to many, I'm sorry-- she is a tired old lady. Everything is worn, the front desk staff (at least those I experienced, granted it was an after midnight arrival) cool and dressed in cheap suits, the elevators worn out, hallways depressing and then the room--with its torn lampshades, extension cords and rattling old AC unit--for what? $389 a night? Old bathrooms, just plain defunct and worn out. I hear some rooms were rennovated--my advice is to keep going. I don't see the value or reason to stay in the crowded rusty old relic. If you're coming to NY--don't buy in to the hype of this hotel. Meet someone under the clock--and they go check in somewhere else.	
Sep 13 2009 	Nice renovation!	This grand old hotel has been restored beautifully. Great stay!	
Sep 12 2009 	I am sorry Roosevelt staff I seem to have disturbed your day...	trip - Business. Location handy and pretty centralNice foyer Overall stay not so great: o Breakfast below average $25 - fruit flies coated fresh fruits, if its not included in the rate then there are lots of great places nearby that are worth the trying instead. Disappointing if you are on business since you need the convienence of the hotel breakfast. o Rooms - clean but very SMALL, and noisey. (not enough room to open suitcase easily) bathroom exceptionally small and a lack lustre shower. If your over 5.6ft forget a comfortable shower, lots of crouching required - and I have a slim build! Noisey - The AC unit was LOUD....hotel unable to do anything about it.....sorry I meant couldn't be bothered  o Spoke to reception who said no rooms were available unless I was willing to pay an upgrade! (which means empty rooms existed...just not for someone whose booking and monies thay already had!!!)not what you would expect from this level of hotel found the attitude unhelpful - you could see my problem - they need to prewarn guests about the exact size of their 'cozy' rooms and that they are noisey and those that are not fit for purpose should be made part of a 'special deal' not a standard rate! Stayed a week - so surprised that another room was not available. On the whole - lucky to be on business and not pleasure (since this minimised the time drastically at the hotel) Next trip to NY having having stayed at the belevedre and sofitel will be looking to stay there instead, both similairish in location much better service and after the jet lag, sleepless in need of revival!!!! Its a long time since I have had to give a bad review to a hotel, disappointed to have to have done so today, if the hotel experience if part of your holiday / business experience then I wouldn't recommend this hotel.If you simply want a bed somewhere convienent and happy to tolerate noise, unattentive staff, slow lifts and pay a premium for the pleasure go-ahead.Personally, I felt as if I was a huge unconvience getting in the way of staff who simply were not there for customers.I read some of the favourable reviews and wondered wether there are two roosevelts that look the same ...and I had checked into the wrong one!!! since my experience was not relflected here at all.Also one of my collegues was triple charges on parking....	
Sep 12 2009 	Roosevelt Hotel	The Roosevelt Hotel is a beautiful old hotel with a grand lobby. The rooms are small like many New York hotel. The rooms are clean and well maintained. The staff is polite and attentive. Only issue I had was with the slow elevator system. The Roosevelt is in a location – steps from Grand Central Station and just a few blocks from Time Square or the NY Public Library.	
Sep 11 2009 	You have to stay in this hotel at least once in your life	You have to stay in this hotel at least once in your life.You will be disrespected by the rude and bad mannered porters at the door, particularly by an individual called Joe. He will not give you your luggage even if you are in a rush.You will have always something missing to be replenished in your room. One day it will be towels, next it will be soap and so on.You will experience bedbug bites even one week after you leave the hotel, yes, you read right, bedbugs!You will have to wait forever to get a lift.You will have to cruise different floors until you find a ice machine that works.You will not have the need to complain because nobody will listen to you.What I say, you have to stay at least once in this hotel, and then you will appreciate other hotels service even if they are regular or roadside motels. You will be really happy when you get back home and you will know if your skin react or not to bedbug bites or not.	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellent loaction	Hotel is ideally located for many of the major attractions, lovely hotel one or two minor issues on the whole what you expect for a very busy New York hotel.Would happily recommend this hotel and even more important would def. stay here again	
Sep 8 2009 	Absolutely Perfect!! Extremely elegant hotel...	My husband and I stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel on Sept. 6th and 7th to celebrate our 25th anniversary. We couldn't have picked a better place! We loved this hotel from the moment we arrived. Everyone from the doorman, bell hops, receptionists to bartenders were extremely polite and helpful. They went out of their way to make sure we were satisfied and always asked if we needed anything when we entered the lobby area...which by the way, is very elegant...just beautiful. The ambiance is that of old world charm of the 20s era. The rooms ample size (our room was upgraded without us even asking and at no extra cost). The bed is extremely comfortable and the rooms kept very clean. The doorman hailed cabs for us when we wanted to go downtown but given the location of the hotel, there is so much to do within walking distance. Very close to Times Square but far enough from the craziness, short blocks to Rockefeller Center, St. Patrick's Cathedrial and Central Park is not far...location was perfect!! Plenty of shopping and eateries. Great room rates given the elegance of this hotel. Again the staff couldn't have been more accomodating. Visit Ninos a short walk at 39 W. 46th St. for breakfast...Owner Mike is a great guy. I can't type forever, but to sum it up in two words ...&quot;Absolutely Perfect&quot;.	
Sep 6 2009 	Killer Location! Hotel is better than most for the price	It's Manhattan, so the room is pricey for what you get. The hotel is older. The room is tight and adequate. The bar is nice and the happy hour is convivial. I never ate at the hotel. Stay at this hotel for its proximity to Grand Central and the subway. We did lots of walking and sightseeing from the hotel. The location and its centrality is the reason for staying.Be sure to take advantage of the Grand Central Food Court in the basement of Grand Central. A gazillion choices! Also, take a moment in Grand Central to visit the Grand Central Market. Glorious fresh fish, cheeses, spices, vegetables, ready-to-eat deli food. All pristinely presented and beautifully lit. Bring the camera.I would stay at this hotel again. I loved it's proximity to transportation.	
Sep 1 2009 	What a great time.	I was visiting from LA. My room was a bit small but what do you expect from Midtown Manhattan? Met friends for drinks at the bar and the staff was wonderful. Would stay again for sure.	
Aug 31 2009 	Fab Location!	Being a travel agent, I try not to rely a lot on reviews and try to experience the hotels or destinations myself. I will be honest in saying that the hotel is a little dated, but in a great location which makes up for everything that it is lacking. The staff were very friendly and wanted to help in any possible way. Will recommend this to friends and clients that travel to NYC and will come back myself!	
Aug 31 2009 	Perfect	I stayed here for two nights during my business trip. Room was fantastic, staff were superb and ever so helpful and professional. Couldn't ask for more from a hotel.	
Aug 30 2009 	Faded elegance but okay	I booked 6 nights through Hotwire and got a good price, but was dreading the stay due to the negative comments here. However, when I arrived the reception staff were very pleasant and even put me into a larger room because I am a smoker - very unlike the smoking paranoia I have encountered so far in the USA. I declined the services of the bell hops on advice read here - don't be put off by the entrance stairs, as there is a lift on the floor at the bottom, where the shops are. The only service I used was the extravagantly priced wifi, $15 dollars for 24 hours. Otherwise I ate out and brought drinks back with me. As said elsewhere, the whole place needs refurbishment, especially the room doors on my floor, everyone of which had to be slammed in order to close it, so one can imagine the noise. Location is excellent. For the price I paid, $129 a night, not bad for NY, but I wouldn't have been happy had I paid the full rate. Incidentally, I moved on to the Holiday Inn Express just a block over for 2 nights, as I got a ticket for the US Open so extended my stay - for the same price, I got free wifi, extensive cable TV and a free breakfast. Not quite as glamorous but better for me anyway.	
Aug 30 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - great location.	After a long flight from Australia, I was just wanting to relax in a comfortable room and bed. I had read other reviews about the hotel ie small rooms, however I was pleasantly surprised. My room was quite large (it had 2 Queen size beds). I enjoyed relaxing in the bath. I thought the room was beautiful. The front desk staff were very friendly and knowledgeable. The hotel is in a great location - close to major tourist attractions. As a solo female traveller I felt safe and at ease. I will definitely stay here again. (I also liked the hotel gym - modern equipment &amp; free fruit to enjoy after a workout).	
Aug 29 2009 	Couldn't be better for that occasion!	Muito bom! Excelente localização, próximo a Broadway.	
Aug 28 2009 	Pretty darn good for the money	OK, I admit we got this hotel through a successful Priceline bid, and the joy of paying $125 a night for a midtown hotel may have given me a rosier outlook than I would ordinarily have had. All the same, I just can't understand the virtriol aimed at this place by so many reviewers. It was fine. Really, totally fine. We checked in early, asked for quiet rooms with 2 double beds and both requests were granted. The rooms were standard size, as clean as any hotel generally is, and nicely finished. A &quot;quiet&quot; room turns out to be one with a lovely overlook of the building's HVAC plant, but to me that' s infinitely better than listening to honking taxis at 3 a.m. I kept the fan on full blast and heard no noise at all from nearby rooms, although the hotel was fully booked up. The rooms showed minor signs of wear, like small stains in the wallpaper and an askew light fixture. These flaws were most noticeable in the bathrooms, where there was some mold in the grout and the porcelain tubs were worn. But c'mon, so what? Who doesn't have a little mold in the bathroom? The hotel was quite full and the staff was busy, but efficient and helpful at all times. The lobby, as others have mentioned, is fabulous: an over-the-top purple and green extravaganza that kept me hopefully looking out for Myrna Loy. We didn't eat at any of the hotel restaurants, order from room service or use the exercise room as we were out touristing all day, so I can't give an opinion on those, but the morning coffee from the bar was good and no pricier than the Starbucks. All in all, I'd have no hesitation in booking here again. You could do a lot worse in NYC.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good Location charming public areas (bar/lobby) boring and drab rooms	We booked on expedia and got a room at the end of the floor, far from the elevator. The view was horrible (back alley, roofed courtyard,very industrial). We requested a change of room but they were unable to do it because of a wedding party. The room was larger than we expected and the beds were comfortable. Bathroom was tiny, with about 12in by 5in of counter space. THe tub wasn't dirty but didn't feel clean. The bathroom was old. They tried to make the room look regal but fell short and can be best described as drab. I suppose it is worth it if you're planning to just sleep in the bed. NO frills, no luxury don't expect more. The public areas such as the bar and lobby were lively and charming.The location is good, close to shopping. However the hotel did not ooze hospitality. For a frequent international traveler, I did not feel welcome and secure during my stay here. I was happy to leave this otherwise fun city.	
Aug 28 2009 	Location location location!!	The perfect location!! you are actually two or three block from every where you will like to go! Will always go there when back in New York!	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice location staff friendly and helpful however the beds and room not perfect.	We were in NYC for my cousin's wedding- Aug 14-17. The wedding reception was in the Grand Ballroom, which was gorgeous. All the food was great. When we checked in about 7:45pm on Friday, Aug 14, our rooms were not ready and we had to wait about 45 minutes. The check-in staff did give us drink vouchers for our party to offset the wait. When we finally got up to our rooms, I was disappointed that the one my folks and stayed in (1235) had uncomfortably small beds (double bed) and the door's deadbolt slider did not look very secure. In fact, you could just about look through the hole through the door and it was not the peephole I was looking in! I did not complain to the front desk, since the hotel was sold out for the weekend and would not have been able to get something else. The bathroom decor, such as wallpaper was peeling off the wall. I still would recommend this hotel, because overall the experience was very positive due to the service we received. We were allowed to store our luggage on Monday for a few hours, which allowed us the opportunity to go to Grand Central Terminal (very close to the hotel), take the subway and hit Chinatown for lunch and shopping!!	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Deal Nice Hotel Would stay there again!	Staff was very nice and helpful. Our hotel room was upgrated as soon as we got there. Very nice, clean room, quite spacious for New York City. Hotel offered to store our luggage since we got there before check-in time. Couldn't ask for more. Location was amazing. Beautiful hotel. Beds were really comfortable. We would definately stay there again!	
Aug 24 2009 	could be a really nice place pity about bathroom	1st impression is great with a fantastic lobby (but you don't sleep there)we were upgraded to a bigger room (with 2 teenage girls); this room was fairly big with plenty of room, however the air con was very noisy and the bathroom was very shabby and needs a complete overhaul even the door didn't completely shut. we didn't mind that much as we only slept here rather than used it as a living quarters.the drinks in the bar were expensive ($15 for 2 beers) and bar staff were misrable.the location was good with deli's etc within 5 mins and times sq etc within 20 mins for walking.I wouldn't say it was bad but it definitely needs a refurb.I would have to describe the faults before recommending it.	
Aug 24 2009 	Slow elevators	This hotel is in a great location and was very clean. The lobby area is beautiful. Our room was well-appointed with a huge king-size bed. The only problem was the very slow elevators. If you're going to a meeting, give yourself extra time or just take the stairs.	
Aug 23 2009	Fantastic Hotel	We checked into the Roosevelt hotel on Friday very quickly and went on to tour New York within a short time. The checkout was equally as quick. The room was very nice and the beds very comfortable. The location was across from Grand Central and easy access to the subway system or walk to Time Square. Our rooms were always cleaned by the time we returned. The nicely decorated lobby was comfortable and spacious and staff quite helpful.	
Aug 21 2009 	Eh... has it's pros and cons	I recently stayed here for a wedding, with family. I will list the good parts of the hotel first:-good Manhattan location-beds are very comfortable-hotel lobby is gorgeous!-beautiful place for wedding reception-catered food (at the reception) was delicious- good people watching in the lobby!Now on to the not so great stuff:-No free wifi. It is $15 per 24 hours. There are some eateries down the street that do have it though.-Valet parking. (Ok, some may consider this a &quot;plus&quot;, but when you have a car full of people and stuff, and you not only have to pay for parking but tip the driver also... well, it didn't do it for me.)-Food/drinks are very very expensive. If you are on a budget, forget eating there! I think it was $15 for a bowl of oatmeal or something like that. $8 for a beer in the lounge.-Regular rooms are small. (I did have the opportunity to see a suite, and it was amazing!!) But 4 adults in a regular room with 2 beds is very cramped.-One staff member was very rude.-We had booked our room in early May, but they double booked our room, and it took them over an hour to find us a new room. After being in the car for over 6 hours, this was not pleasant. They also said they were upgrading us to a larger room, but that did not happen. We were given the wrong room again. Right after we got settled in, a couple was outside our door, confused, and said the room was theirs. They had to go back down to the front desk and figure that mess out.So I can't say I would personally recommend this hotel, unless you have big $$$ to stay in a suite. However, I would not say it was awful either. The reception was held there and was absolutely beautiful. But, if you expect an exceptional stay here, then expect to pay an exceptional price!	
Aug 21 2009 	Good Hotel! Great Location!!! Will stay again!	We had a girls weekend in NYC last weekend it was amazing! We stay at the Roosevelt and found it to be just what we were looking for. Checking in the lady was confused as to why two girls where sharing a double bed, (there were no rooms with 2 beds when we booked..) and she happily upgraded us to a King Size. Went into our room, you could tell it had been smoked in only if you had allergies, but for a historic hotel what do you expect, at one time you could smoke everywhere and Europe people still smoke everywhere (Gross but deal with it). Our room was clean, the bathroom had some mildew on the tile but it didn’t really bother us to bad, again its an old hotel. The room was a good size for people who travel to do things, we spent a few hours on one of our afternoons and chill and watched tv, was fine. It was close to Grand Central, Time Square and if you wanted to go to Meat Packing District or Little Italy it was a less then $10 cab ride!!	
Aug 19 2009 	I won't stay there again	We stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel for 4 nights recently. Little things, when put together, added up to my disappointment. It was like an efficiency-expert who didn't care about customer satisfaction came in and told them how they could cut corners. Here goes:I'm used to free wi-fi in hotels... it was something like $15/day--maybe that's to be expected in all hotels in NYC? I don't know. Even so, I can see a couple of bucks, but $15 a day?There were stains on the carpets (milk?) and bedspreads (ink?) (not a huge deal I guess, if everything else is great, but I had higher expectations).No coffee maker in the room--I can't remember the last hotel I was in that didn't offer this. The room had styrofoam cups instead of glasses--styrofoam cups? Really? If I had a coffee maker, I'd understand, but what if I want to have some wine? They can't have glasses in the rooms?The lampshades weren't big enough to cover the energy-efficient flourescent light bulbs, so we had glare in our eyes- until we'd turn them off (then it was too dark).There were (I believe) 6 elevators, which sounds like a lot, but really isn't when you're talking about so many rooms. Many days, it was a long wait to get an elevator. The ice machine was broken on our floor (6th), and on the floor above us (7th), it was working on the floor above that though--we took the stairs to get to it. I could understand if I was staying at a low-price chain hotel, but I expected more from a place that bills itself as the &quot;Grand Dame of Madison Ave.&quot;	
Aug 18 2009 	Nice hotel nice price	Great value but a little out of the way. Rooms were clean and service was good. Only negative was doorman who tried to stear us to a gypsy cab for his benefit.	
Aug 17 2009 	Had a good time	The hotel is well keep. The staff was very helpful during the whole stay. Very convenient location near all that we wanted to see. The rooms were clean and had all the essentials. There was taxi service to and form the hotel at a reasonable cost. We had a great stay in New York in part because of this good Hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Location for NYC	We stayed here and really enjoyed it.Service was good and location was perfect to get around NYC. Had been to NY a couple of times prior and had stayed at other places in Midtown but would have to rate this one the best from the lot.Our room was on the smaller side but hey in NYC who spends alot of time in their room anyway?? We had friends also staying who had a twin room which was 2 x double beds and their room was very big...all of us in there for some drinks and not crowded! Its worth what you pay for it in comparison to other more expensive hotels in the same area...	
Aug 16 2009 	AWESOME!	The room was great! Everyone who worked there was so nice. I am totally planning on staying there again the next time I'm in the city.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great location	Small but cozy room w/king bed. The bed was so comfy to get into after a long day of walking (pillow top bed). The hotel is centrally located. The ice machine didn't work on our floor so we always ended up going to another floor to get ice. AC worked great. We didn't hear any outside noise. Always had plenty of hot water in the morning to take a shower. Concierge was not very friendly or helpful at all. I was very disappointed in that. They seemed very lazy. All in all we were very happy there	
Aug 13 2009 	Location good and not expensive so not bad	In my efforts to cut costs for my employer this year, I am staying at less expensive hotels when possible and chose The Roosevelt this week. I was assigned to Room 953. Check in was fast and polite. Long waits for elevator and it seemed a couple were out of service, but nothing out of hand. Room a bit old and tired looking but clean enough and functional. For the location at US$170 per night, I felt it was a bargain and that is my corporate rate. I did not want to eat at the hotel or in my room (was not appealing to do so) and not using room service saved even more money. I used the ethernet connection for internet at US$14.95 per day which is expensive. I never needed or was offered a bellman or doorman but that is fine - location is great. I see it is popular with tourists over business people. I was fine and happy. For a personal trip, I would stay at The Grand Hyatt which i like better but happy to do my part to cut business travel costs when I can and this was just fine for 4 nights of NY business when I am out of the room from 7 am till 9 or 10 pm everyday anyway.	
Aug 12 2009 	"Great Location Exceptionally Poor Service"	My reservation was pre-booked by my company, I was scheduled to arrive in the early morning around 6 a.m., after a long red eye flight from San Francisco to JFK. Since I know most hotels will honor an early check-in, I made sure to e-mail their reservations department one week before my arrival to ensure that they would be able to grant an early check-in, I NEVER received a reply. I arrived to the property, tired, and sweaty from the long walk from grand central, and was hoping to checkin so I could freshen up before my seminar at another hotel. The Guest Service Agent was not polite as well, and gave me this weird look implying that it was obviously too early to check-in, I showed her the e-mail that I sent to their reservations department telling them about the early check-in, she said that was nothing she could do, and that I would have to come back later. She redirected me to the bellman, whom was VERY helpful, and showed me where the restroom was so I could change before my seminar. I arrived later in the afternoon, to check back in, my reservation called for &quot;cozy&quot; queen, I didn't think it was going to be SOOO cozy. My room was directly across the elevator, and I could hear every possible noise you wanted. The reservation was so small, that I had to jump into the bath tub, to close the door, if not, I would be in the way. I went down to the front desk, and asked to move to another room, another gentleman, was not helpful, and said that the entire property was sold out, and wouldn't be able to do anything, I asked, if he could just move me to the other end of the hall, and place someone else in my room, they said &quot;no&quot;.Checking out was another experience, as I walked to the elevator, three housekeepers walked by room without acknowledement, or something as simple as a &quot;good morning&quot;Bellstaff was helpful, more helpful than the front desk. I would NEVER stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Tired and Noisy	Read the mixed reviews and chose to be booked in here as it was one the 'approved' list for my firm. What a mistake! The lobby, bars, and food areas are fine. The room, however, was tired, smelled of smoke, old (bathroom patina had that special aged look that only 40 years of use can give) and very noisy. From an aircon unit that sounded like it was about to explode to paper thin walls where I could hear arguments on BOTH sides, not a good stay. No internet connection in my room, and the front desk claimed it was my computers problem. Not true, as I used both a mac and an itouch and could see the errors in the wireless setup.Avoid. The hotel rooms need a major refit.Oh, fitness centre was OKish - small, but seemed quiet.	
Aug 9 2009 	don't bother!	UNLESS you get a suite, you'll not have enough room for more than 2 people! The safes didn't work, a bobypin was sticking out of the gross carpet and the room was beyond small! After paying a &quot;small&quot; price to upgrade, we got a 2 bathroom suite that was definately workable! Not luxurious but workable!Talk to the bellman!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 9 2009 	Nice lobby... Good location.. rooms a bit tatty/old	Lovely lobby.. Great location... Looks huge!! Loads of floors- typical hotel from a film sort of thing..The rooms were tidy, clean enough but I had a sense of how many people had slept in this room before me lolI cant complain though- this trip was free.. freeee I say- We won a week to New York- flights included so I cant comment on price....Just don't be fooled into thinking this Hotel is amazing..	
Aug 8 2009 	Nothing Rosy About Roosevelt Hotel	Check-in was at 3 pm and we arrived at 6pm but our room was not ready and was still being cleaned. We were given complimentary drinks at the bar and served great martinis! But our room was not ready until two and a half hours later! The luggage was never delivered to our room and we had to call to follow-up and at 11:30 pm it was finally delivered!! When we asked the porter what happened, he had no idea because he just came on the night shift. The bathroom and bedroom were small and no better than a budget hotel. The bathroom door was warped and did not close, the cold and hot water in the bathtub must have been switched because it did not work properly, the glass shelf on the mirror was broken, and there was mold along the rim of the tub and sink, and the fan was broken. At times the pressure in the toilet was low and did not flush. The only update in the bedroom was the flat screen tv and the energy saving light bulbs. The dresser drawer was broken, the bedside lamp looked like a cigarette had burned through the lamp shade, the air conditioner unit was very loud, the down comforter had no duvet cover, and there was no painting hung as advertised in the website photo but two screws were exposed. There was nothing &quot;luxurious&quot; about this hotel whatsoever and it was very disappointing.	
Jul 27 2009 	Extremely convenient but very busy	Stayed at hotel with wife and 7 year old daughter while in NYC for 5 days on holiday. Have stayed in many hotels in NYC but this was first time at Roosevelt. Arrived a little early and room with two double beds not ready so they gave us a room with a king bed and free roll out for our daughter. Room was on the small side with a small bathroom. We didn't plan on staying in room much so not so concerned about size of room. yes hotel was extremely busy therefore staff also very busy but we were not there to be appreciated by the staff we stayed for location which was extremely convenient to most major attractions. We got a great rate of $160 a night on expedia so at that rate were happy with hotel. Would not pay full rack rate however. Many cheap breakfast and dinner places with good food very close by. relatively good gym free of charge which had no one else in it when i went. Very happy with stay at discount rate	
Jul 24 2009 	Possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in: avoid!	We stayed here on the last night of our honeymoon (which we had spent touring New York State) and I cannot begin to express just how appalling it was.The staff couldn't have been less interested in providing a service: we had pre-booked a suite, and ended up in a small room in which you couldn't even walk round the end of the bed, because the staff at the check in desk were &quot;busy&quot; with a wedding elsewhere. And we only got this room because I made a huge stink - I saw three before finally accepting this one as the best of a bad lot - the first smelled of vomit, the second hadn't been made up, and the third stank of stale cigarettes and fried food.It isn't a cheap hotel - but the rude, arrogant and unpleasant staff got them off to a bad start. The room was horribly tatty, the bathroom was a health hazard and all in all, it was a horrible, disgusting way to leave New York - avoid this like the plague. I am only disappointed I cannot leave negative ratings for this monstrosity.	
Jul 23 2009	BEAUTIFUL	The building and everything about it was georgous. The rooms has thin walls but it's to be expected in older buildings. The service was fantastic. I would stay there again for sure!	
Jul 23 2009 	If you stay you'll inconvenience the staff!!	The location of the hotel is great but the service was so terrible!!! Housekeeping kept taking our towels and not replenishing them. They would only give us some if we tipped! The night auditor serviced us whilst sitting on the floor...sitting on the floor! On departure, 4 porters watched me hail my own cab and lug my bag in it!This property has so much potential but the terrible service makes it really unfair value for money!!	
Jul 23 2009 	Excellent price 	I recommend the Roosevelt for those on a budget that just want a clean basic room and good service. The location is perfect. You are a 2 block wallk to Grand Central. Staying there gives you a real feel of what it is like to live in the heart of the city. We got two rooms for us and our teenagers. They made sure to put our rooms close together. We had a rental car and weren't sure if there would be parking out front, but the bellman was very good at moving the traffic along so guests could park and unload, and then he immediately took our car to the parking garage. That saved a lot of hassle.	
Jul 23 2009 	SAD DECLINE OF A GRAND OLD LADY	Having stayed at the Roosevelt with a friend a number of years ago, we had a wonderful experience. It was very reminisce of the 1930's with huge chandeliers and sumptuous seating. The decorations were hung for christmas making the whole atmosphere very festive.It saddens me to read so many negative reviews indicating the sad decline of a once fabulous hotel.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great hotel for our first trip to NYC	I took my wife on a surprise trip to NYC for our wedding anniversary and I planned most of the trip online. Without knowing NYC, it made it a challenge to find the &quot;right&quot; hotel when swimming through all the online reviews.The location of the Roosevelt Hotel was SO perfect for our trip. We had tickets to see a show at Carnegie Hall and tickets to see a show on Broadway and both were in walking distance. It rained a couple of the nights we were there, so we ended up taking a cab, but during the day we ended up walking past both areas and Times Square without much effort (and we are both *not* walking people :) The hotel is literally across the street from Grand Central station (there's a small door right to enter Grand Central right across from the front door of the hotel). Great food and shops are aplenty within a one block radius of the Roosevelt.Although the room service seemed expensive, there are several outside restaurants in the area that will deliver right to your room.I had a problem with the first room they assigned to us (I'm a large 6'3&quot; and they gave us a queen bed which made my feet hang over the end), but a quick call downstairs and they moved us to a room with a king sized bed with no trouble.The only thing I wish the room had was in room movies which are great for downtime when you're not out and about in the city. There are no pay per view movies or tv based checkout options with this hotel.All in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel to someone who is staying in NYC for the first time or anyone who is looking for a good hotel that isn't in the super crowded times square area, but it still close enough to everything you want to see.	
Jul 19 2009 	a nice hotel would definitely comeback if the price was right	upon entering the hotel, I felt as though I was being transformed back to the 1930s. Inside it had an elegant if not dated look. After walking up the red carpeted stairs, I fancied myself to be Clark Gable collecting the Oscar. The hotel staff was courteous and businesslike, but not in a customer service friendly way. After exiting the elevator, I took note that the hallway carpeting,though not in poor shape is worn and needs to be replaced. For all I knew, I could have been following in the footsteps(literally) of Jean Harlow. The overall cleanliness of our room was satisfactory. I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the bathroom although the room itself was small. No coffee pot or microwave was a negative. Bed was comfortable,although noisy throughout the nights with the garbage trucks picking up and occasional ambulance. Overall no major problems in four nights there,although the heater could have been an issue if we needed it since it didn't respond after hitting the button. Note to management; the baggage area staff appeared disorganized.	
Jul 18 2009 	Fabulous - would definitely go back	We stayed here for four nights in March, and loved it! My husband and I stayed in one room, and two friends stayed in another room. Their room (with two double beds) was much bigger than ours, but in general the rooms were clean, nicely decorated and comfortable. We got a great rate, around $140 a night plus tax, which I thought was fantastic considering the location (45th St!!) and the quality of the hotel. I've paid much more for much rattier hotels in NYC!The location just can't be beat, we'd definitely stay there again. Yes, we saw the odd room service tray in a hall way for hours on end - and the service wasn't amazing, but it's what you'd expect for a really busy hotel in New York. It was very efficient - no one would exactly go the extra mile to help you, but it didn't bother us. It certainly didn't effect out trip - after all, we were in NEW YORK CITY!! We spent more time out and about than in the room.I wouldn't go there expecting it to be 5 star glamour and brand new all the way - but if you want comfort, style and location, The Roosevelt rocks. If you can get a good rate, I'd definitely recommend it.	
Jul 17 2009 	Very Good Hotel	I recomend this hotel Excelent location and hotel service.	
Jul 16 2009 	Bad hotel small rooms and bad service	I was 5 nights there. Paying a Superior room, with two beds, they give us one that are small. Some of the days we don't have towels in room and was necessary call front desk some times. At the end, we have a problem with the key and we need call security to go inside the room. In any aspects, is a 2 star hotel or less.Octavio, Barcelona (Spain)	
Jul 14 2009 	decent hotel	my wife and i and a teen stayed there for a weekend. like all the reviews before , we were blown away by the lobby area. it was very grand. the front desk was helpful even though we got there very late and we thought our reservation might not be honored (bus problems). they gave us 2 double beds. the room was aged but comfortable. the bed was very comfy . it had a good shower head ( no low flow). it had a desk and a flat screen tv but no HD. theres a charge for wi-fi. we wanted to use wi-fi but couldnt get a connection. the toilet did overflow at 6 am but a call to the front desk put that problem away quickly. the location is only about 4 blocks from Times Square and about 3 blks from Grand Central and the subway. we rode the subway and it wasnt bad. the hotel did have a restaurant and bar but we didnt use them. when we went out for breakfast on sunday, we found that a street fair was being set up on Madison right next to the hotel. so we decided to hang there for a while. i think it was about 12-15 blocks long. they said they would hold our luggage after checkout for as long as we wanted. i thought that was very cool. we got a good rate from hotwire so we think it was worth it. we would go there again.	
Jul 14 2009 	Location Location Location	Hotel was reccomended to us by a friend. I had read all the reviews and was a bit alarmed by some of them, decided to bite the bullet and see for myself.the hotel was fantastic, location was great, staff were very helpful (had read that all the staff were interested in was looking for tips, I thought they were fine besides this is new york everybody is lookng for tips)lobby is very impresive as is the roof top bar (if not a little expensive)great athmosphere in the lobby.the hotel is 90 years old and the corridors are very dated but it is very clean and has great character. the beds are huge and very comfortable (we did upgrade to a king) room was small but i am let to belive all new york rooms are on the small side.5 - 10 min walk to time square/broadway.hotel expensive for food, have breakfast in the cool deli accross the street (turn left outside 45th street exit and crross the road)	
Jul 12 2009 	Grand old dame	Great location, great price....if you want a room the size of a football field, stay at the Ritz.Being the only smoker (sinner) on the planet, it was great to come back home after a long day's adventure and enjoy a cig and a beer in my room.Warning......if you are coming here to get mugged, find a seedy bar, or run into Ratso Rizzo....it's not the same town. Times Square is Disneyland, I feel safer on the subway in NYC than I do in my own kitchen, 3 cops on every corner, big brother is everywhere....is that a good thing????	
Jul 10 2009 	never again	We stayed here for 5 nights in total... (1 night then we checked out to go and do a two night side trip to Niagra Falls, and then back for a further 4 nights)While we were waiting for our room to be ready (we arrived at 4 pm and had to wait for 2 hours!!) I made initial enquiries about having some of our bags stored whilst we went on our 2 night trip to Niagra Falls. I was told the storage rate was $8 per bag per day which i thought was overpriced.. i didn't say anything at the time other than i would discuss it with my husband.. when we were finally checked into our room we got sorted out with repacking what bags we wanted to take with us and which ones we wanted to have stored.. mu husband took down the 3 bags that we wanted stored and he came back saying that he had paid for them in advance $2 per bag per day.. i looked at the receipt and it had noted everything was paid..when we went downstairs i spoke to the guy who i had initially spoke to about the storage charges and he again told me that it was $8 per bag per day... i asked him about the discrepancy in the prices given what my husband had just paid with one of his collegues and he stated that &quot;if i wanted HIM to store my bags that was the price.... what his collegue charged was his business&quot; I was gobsmacked at his attitude but really with one or two exceptions... that &quot;money grabbing&quot; attitude prevailed through the staff... asking for tips ALL the time... one american that we were talking to in the lobby whilst we were waiting for our room to b e ready was telling us it cost him $20 to get his luggage from the cab to the room... and that didn't include any portion of the cab fare or tip...Australian aren't accustomed to tipping but we do it when we are in a country where that custom dictates it... when in Rome and all that... but its really bad when the porters are telling you how much they want you to tip them...About the security.....There was no safe in our room... so i put some valuables in an envelope ( I carry a supply of new ones for exactly this purpose, not every hotel room has a safe ).. i had written an inventory of all the items on a piece of paper, signed it and placed it in the envelope and sealed it... took it down to the front desk and asked them to place it in the safe because there was no safe in the room.. which they did... when i went and collected the package the night before we checked out it had been opened... nothing was missing.. but i wonder if that is because they could see by the list that was there that i would know if there was anything missing... No need whatsoever for them to open guests items given to them for safe keepingabout the cleanliness... it doesn't say alot about the cleanliness of a hotel when you see used room service trays sitting in hallways for 3 days without being removed... the only difference is that they start to smell!Now.... the good.... hmmmmmm location is pretty good... the lobby looks nice... but again this is spoilt by the service... there is a fabulous coffee shop/salad bar across the street called Cosi... we had breakfast there each day... great coffee and home made bagels... and wonderful salds which we sometimes had if we were near by at lunch time... plus they have free wifi if you have your computer with youNYC is expensive.... but its such a fabulous place to visit.... dont have your vist marred by staying here.... there are lots of better places to stay that are far more reasonably priced... and with more benefits...	
Jul 10 2009 	Nice hotel in great location	First thing first about this hotel. The checkin is and always is, HORRIBLE! We have had three stays here and not once have we got into a room early, that we asked for weeks in advance and which they said they would try to accomodate. But it never happened. We also had to wait twice past the check in time to get our room. Once we were even traveling with another couple, they had got a smaller room and talked to the desk person in front of us and got upgraded to a bigger room like we had orginally booked. Then I step up to the counter, right behind my friends, and they tell us that they have NO rooms ready right now. About 45 minutes later we got a room. This is pathetic!!! Checkin is at 3:00 here and once we did not get in till 4:30. There is also an older gray haired lady with glasses and an accent that works the counter. She has been there everytime we have visited. STAY AWAY from her. She is undoubtly the rudest person that hates her job I have ever come in contact with.Now to the good stuff. The hotel is nice and appears to be somewhat well kept to NY standards. It is very convenient to Grand Central and not a bad walk to Times Square or Rockefeller Center. There is also a nice store to get breakfast, snacks or even a quick meal diaganolly to the left out the main door (45st). Most shopping up and down Madison and other locations are close by too.The rooms are about average size for NY but the bathrooms are tiny and have no storage or shelving to place things. So therefore make sure the toilet lid is down anytime you are in the bathroom and it is not being used or be prepared to just right off personal items! Also the first time we stayed here the room was a bit noisey but the last few times we did not seem to hear as many sirens, horns or vehicle traffic. Everytime we have upgraded to the larger rooms but everytime them seemed to be getting smaller. Some upgrade rooms are obviously larger than others. No use to complain though.There is also a nice bar in the lobby with helpful bartenders and supposedly a roof top bar in the summer months but we never made it up to it. We stopped and looked at the fitness center but we never used it though. It appeared to be set up mostly with treadmills and cardio equipment and somewhat small.Overall we will use this hotel again and I would recommend it to others, minus the obviously angry checkin staff. Remember, angry gray haired glasses lady with an accent = bad check in experience!	
Jul 9 2009 	Elegant 	The Hotel in general was very clean, elegant and the atmosphere was inviting. The receptionists, concierge, and staff were friendly. The location was spot on, very close to shopping, a walking distance to Times Square, Broadway Theatres, subway, etc. My only disappointment was that the housekeeping staff were loud in the morning (no consideration for visitors who are trying to relax and sleep in late). There was no microwave, not even a coffeemaker in our room, which is a standard in most hotels I've been into.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Location but dated rooms	Generally speaking if you get a GREAT rate go ahead and book. On the positive side Great Location; grand old fashion lobby; rooms are clean and roomy for NY standard. On the negative side cold service; rooms are outdated, not much amenities in room (plastic cups, only shampoo no conditioner or shower gel)	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Location Good Value	Stayed at the Roosevelt for a weekend getaway to New York. We reaped the benefits of the Travelzoo discount, paying $175/night (including all taxes which in NYC are extraordinarily high). Unlike some reviewers on here, I noticed no distinction in treatment by having booked online through a discount outlet.We got to the hotel at about noon and our rooms were not yet ready, but there is no problem checking bags with the bellhop. We did the same on our departure, as our bus back to the DC Area did not leave until 5pm and checkout was much before that.Rooms are fairly small. What do you expect? It's New York. We had a mid-sized room which was appointed with a king bed, a small sitting area with chair and reading table, a desk, a TV with cable, and private bath. We were on the 16th floor, which meant that we were far enough above the street to not hear too much street noise. Still, earplugs were good to have. No noise from adjoining rooms or the hallway. Beautiful lobby areas but very, very, very expensive lobby bar. A large Starbucks drip coffee was $3.75 in the morning. Considering you can't walk two blocks in NYC without tripping over three Starbucks, take the walk. We visited mad46, the rooftop bar, which tries very hard to be a hipster joint. We enjoyed a $15 mojito which, while good, was not anywhere near the $15 value.The best thing about the Roosevelt is its location. 2 blocks to Grand Central Terminal which connects you to the Lexington Avenue subway lines. About 3-4 blocks to Times Square, where you can pick up any subway line you want. One block off Fifth Avenue for the shoppers in the family. Aside from taking the train to Brooklyn, to the Upper East Side, and the Lower East Side to meet friends, we were able to walk everywhere in midtown. So all told - a great value in a great location, especially if you can get an Internet discount.The only drawbacks - very long checkin lines with not enough help, and the elevators could be a huge problem if you were on a lower floor. As I said, we stayed on 16, so we had no problem getting on an elevator. But they'd stop 3 or 4 times on the way to the lobby and by the 10th floor, the elevator was often totally full.Travel tip - walk the 10 blocks to Ess-a Bagel at 53rd and 3rd for breakfast one morning. You'll be glad you did.	
Jul 5 2009 	Fabulous hotel in a fabulous location	I stayed at the Roosevelt with my boyfriend for 5 nights and had a fantastic stay. I had been worried by some of the negative reviews I had seen on TripAdvisor but couldn't find anything wrong with the hotel myself. The staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and comfortable - the bed was really comfortable. The lobby was gorgeous and the Mad46 bar was lovely. The hotel was in a perfect location for most big New York sights. I booked the hotel though Expedia and got a really good deal on a King Size bedroom. I come to New York every year and I will definitely be returning to this hotel.	
Jul 4 2009 	Outdated. Not so clean. Rude 	First let me begin by stating I've been traveling to NYC for business and pleasure for many years. Yes, hotel has good location, but again you are in NYC. The lobby looks grand as their web site presents, and was at one time I'm sure the sparkle and gem that it should be. This hotel is very run down, outdated, and just does not live up to the web site photos. The rooms were VERY dirty. Hair in the bathroom, tub, toilet and on the bedding sheets along w/stains. From the moment of check-in till check out I found the staff to be nothing but unhospitable. I'm not sure why you choose to work in the hospitality industry if you do not enjoy working with the public or visitors/guests?I think you can do A LOT better in NYC in the same price range and three star class that this hotel claims.	
Jul 3 2009 	Old Outdated Fancy Lobby Room not worth that amount of money	We stayed in SOHO for 2 nights earlier and paid half the price at the Hampton Inn. They had free breakfast, free wifi, and room that was twice as clean and twice the size of the Roosevelt. The room has an old rusty air con, dirty walls, broken shower. room 1581.	
Jun 29 2009 	Comfortable	Really enjoyed our stay. The beds are very comfortable, great location, helpful staff. The pipes from neighboring rooms were a little noisy at night, but it wasn't that bad.	
Jun 28 2009 	Needs Updating	The Reception was about the best place, helpful staff and quite grand. My Room was a reasonable size but dated, the bathroom needs totally renovating. The restaurant was closed in the evening and the room service is very expensive, I was on business so not paying myself but if I was then would have felt ripped off. This hotel is not cheap so go somewhere else for the money. Also, no cable/pay TV or wi fi when I stayed but this was temporary.	
Jun 28 2009 	Very lovely hotel friendly staff!	It was within perfect walking distance to everything, which was so nice! When we checked in our room was upgraded to a larger one with two king sized beds (originally had a cozy queen which i was going to be sharing with my BFF) but we weren't sure why. The room was so nice, the beds amazing. It was narrow like you'd expect a hotel in NY to be but wasn't small. After a night on the town we got back to the hotel and wanted to try to seasonal rooftop bar that our room book said would be open late, but it was closed. So we headed to the regular bar. Our bartender was super amazing, making us drinks to try on the house. He was so friendly :) The next morning our bus didn't leave till later in the day and we didn't want to lug our bags around so the woman at the desk extented our check out till 1 for no charge. The doormen are also awesome, very informative and helpful, helped us to decide if we had enough time to walk to make our dinner reservations on time or if he should get a cab.	
Jun 25 2009 	Super location	Staff was friendly and very helpful. The location was excellent as it was a short walk to Grand Central Station. The lobby is beautiful, the room was very comfortable, but the bathroom was pretty small. The only complaint would be an odor on all the floors when you step out of the elevator but the room was perfect, no odor. I will definitely stay there again!!	
Jun 24 2009 	Not sure why its rated as high as it is!	I chose this hotel based on combination of price and trip advisor rating. Best thing about it was location, 2nd best was the shower (good water pressure and hot). Room was very tired with peeling wall paper and dirty net curtains. Beds were comfy though. Bathroom was Ok but had damaged mirror and cracked basin. I have stayed in better places in New York for the same price. All a bit faded with European styling that needs updating.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great Location dated hotel!	We stayed here for the first three nights of our honeymoon. The Roosevelt was easy to find and looked extremely grand as we entered the hotel. We were carrying a lot of luggage which we had to carry up the flight of steps that face you as you walk in to the foyer. This did prove to be a challenge and although there were plenty of staff around were offered no assistance. Having been to NY a few times before I knew not to expect the largest of rooms and was pleasantly surprised at the size of what we got but this hotel is desperate for some TLC. The corridors and lifts needed refurbishment, the rooms were clean but dated. The corridors were strewn with room service items that had been discarded outside by the occupant’s, this included several broken wine glasses, not the safest thing to have lying around we felt!! You could tell that the Roosevelt used to be a fabulous hotel but having not been modernised for a few decades it has lost its lustre. I would recommend this hotel as a cheap stay in a good location but don’t expect anything as glossy as the website suggests!	
Jun 22 2009 	Not as great as it looks and it doesn't look that great	The Good:- Location: Five blocks to TS area, subway, etc.- Service: Above average considering pairs.- Food: Not that innovative cookery, however at expected levels for NYC.The Bads:- Price v/s value, even considering that you won't get anything cheap in NYC.- Size: Hotel has MANY rooms in nearly 15 floors, that seem a little too big to handle for the personnel. You will see dishes and tables more than often in the corridors for more time than usual.- Old: Air conditioner noisy, poor bathroom infrastructure.	
Jun 18 2009 	Loved NYC but Will not be returning to the Roosevelt	We stayed at the Roosevelt in May 2009 for three nights. It was my first visit to NYC and although I loved NYC I would not stay at the Roosevelt Hotel. When upon arriving the hotel is impressive due to the decor and grandeur of the lobby, but that's where it ends. We purchased our accommodations online as they were offering rooms at half price - so 150.00 a night, so it was worth it for that but would definitely not pay 300.00 a night to stay there. Ok the pros are it is in a fantastic location, walking distance to Times Square, Central Park. one block away from Central Station, Good Bed and New TV Monitor. The cons: The hallways and rooms look outdated and used, would need a plaster and paint job. The rooms are very small, best suited to wash up and sleep - not to stay in for long periods, use the lobby - more pleasant!!! They do not provide a coffee machine, so if you are like me and look forward to that first sip of coffee in the morning - you'll have to wait 'till you get outside. All the hotel services cost - YOU PAY for EVERYTHING and in my opinion are too expensive. For example, 1) they provide Starbucks Coffee in the lobby at double the price that star buck charges, and by the way there is a Star Bucks coffee shop one block away, 2) They provide wireless internet at 17.00 a day - most places provide this free of charge 3) Be ready to tip always for services you may not want, when we arrived a Hotel Staff grabbed our suitcases and delivered them to our room without asking - so of course we had to tip.Here are some tips that may save you some money, whereas going through the hotel may cost you more. In Central Station, there is a booth with several free guides on restaurant prices and locations, attractions etc. I suggest to check this out, you can then pick restaurants within your price range and there are several good ones to choose from. The Subway is a practical and cheap way to get around. We were quite impressed with it's efficiency and cleanliness. The hotel will try to sell you the idea of taking a cab to the airport. We took a shuttle service for half the cost, and with 24 hour reservations, they will drive you to the Hotel and pick you up from this location - http://www.nyairportservice.com/page.php?id=31.It's worth staying here if you have a very good deal, will be out most of the time visiting the City and do not need Hotel Services - Oh bring your own coffee pot. :)	
Jun 16 2009 	Elegant hotel excellent location superb staff smaller rooms	I have stayed at the Roosevelt probably 10-15 times over the last 4 years as a frequent business traveler to New York and it remains my first choice. I find the lobby to be quiet and inviting. It was built in a golden age of american architecture, and I enjoy the class and elegance the hotel lobby displays.Upon check in , there are always plenty of people to check you in our out no matter the time of day. Once you have your key there are about 5 elevators that unfortunately can be quite slow as they have many floors to cover and they operate a bit slowly. Once you arrive to your room you may find it to be a bit small for your tastes, but this is typical for NYC. The bed is elegant and quite comfortable, even if you end up in one of their smaller &quot;cozy&quot; rooms where the bed takes up most of the room! The bathrooms are always clean with ample supplies. I suppose the only criticism is that the carpeting and decor is a bit outdated and dull. I was upgraded to a suite once which was really nothing more than a regular room, with an additional smaller room that had an ugly green carpet and a gross looking couch in it. Nonetheless, its quiet and comfortable. I have not eaten in the restaurant so I can't comment on that, but I've spent plenty of time having a night cap or an after work drink at the hotel bar. It's quiet and classy, with attentive bartenders. There's also small tables if you prefer to be alone. Excellent assortment of fine liquors (i'm a scotch guy), or just a beer. It's a little pricey to be honest, but the ambience is inviting. It's not rowdy or even noisy even when it's crowded. I've gotten room service many times and the food has always been delicious and on time. Try the Salmon with a half bottle of white wine. The best feature as a business traveler is that they have a car service available almost any time to take you right to LaGuardia or JFK. This beats finding a taxi hands down. I believe its $40 (not including gratuity), which really isnt' that much more than a taxi would cost. I take the shuttles out of LaGuardia and I know if I'm staying at the Roosevelt I can check my bags with the bell desk, go to my meetings during the day, and get right in a town car to the airport quickly. If you want to save a buck, see if anyone else waiting in line wants to split it with you. I've done that a few times and had some good conversations with folks from all sorts of industries and locales on the way. The Roosevelt isn't cheap, but it's not outrageous either. It's in a prime location where you will get every penny you pay for. It's worth it. SIgn up for their email specials and you won't be dissapointed. They had an excellent winter rate last winter that I even came down and stayed over a weekend for pleasure.	
Jun 12 2009 	Nice stay at The Roosevelt	We stayed at The Roosevelt for three days and the visit was pleasant. We were in New York for business and the hotel was ideal for us. The hotel is located near a lot of what New York has to offer. The rooms are typically small for New York hotels. We arrived early at 9 am and while check was at least six hours away we advised to try back after noon as the room maybe ready.The service was par with the cost of the hotel and everyone we dealt with was friendly and helpful.The costs were a bit extreme, but this is New York and if you don't mind walking out the front door and down a block you can find reasonably priced &quot;New York&quot; meals and drinks.Overall a good visit and we will return.	
Jun 12 2009 	Pleasant NYC Stay	The Roosevelt is very nice overrall. I enjoyed the old school New York City feel - although very modern. The rooms were clean and in good shape for an old hotel. The bed was the best part. Very comfortable. The room had a nice flat panel TV - but no high definition - so the quality of watching any television is low. There is no free Internet. The hotel is a quick walking distance from Times Square - and there are plenty of places to eat and drink right around the hotel. I was attending a conference within the hotel - and the conference setup and food served was very good. Again though - no free Internet - which is tough when attending a conference and having no quick Internet access. I enjoyed my stay and would come back.	
Jun 10 2009 	Good Location	Within 10min walking distance from Times Square / Broadway and most other attractions.Lovely hotel, but very expensive bar! Our room was small but ideal for a short break.	
Jun 7 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	My daughter and I stayed at the Roosevelt for 3 days and 2 nights. I was a bit wary after reading some of the Tripadvisor reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. The location is superb, the lobby is as grand as advertised, and while our guest rooms was as many have noted, not large, it was clean, quiet and comfortable. The beds were indeed very comfy as others have commented. The bathroom was also small, but the shower had plenty of pressure and consistent water temp, and the towels were thick and soft. What more do you want from a hotel bathroom!The front desk gave us an umbrella which came in handy during the rains. Just remember to return it or else they will charge you $ 25. Oh and don't forget since this is New York after all, there will another ~ $ 30 for various occupancy taxes, Jacob Javits tax, etc. The high speed internet didn't work at first but someone from IT was up in a jif and got it going quickly.The guys out front seem to do a good job hailing taxis, both the yellow licensed cabs and the &quot;unofficial&quot; dark black unmarked limos. Our only gripe -- the elevators, praised by other reviewers, were always slow and almost always overcrowded. On the morning of our checkout, we were in a hurry and finally gave up and lugged our luggage down 4 flights of interior stairways down to the shop level and then up again a flight to the lobby!	
Jun 5 2009 	Good hotel if the price is right	At US$134 per night plus taxes, the hotel was great value, but I think this is more due to the economic downturn than anything else. Location was good, but don't be fooled - Grand Central is still a couple of blocks walks (plus negotiating through the tunnels) and Times Square is several blocks away. Not impossible distances, but be prepared for a lot of walking.Hotel was good generally, but in our case, the walls were thin (this is such a hit and miss thing with hotels). We could hear people talking in the next rooms. We also had a very bad first night with young drunken fools running and shouting along the hall in the early hours (perhaps the down side of heavily reduced hotel rates ?).As a rule, these older hotels are not well insulated. Noise from roadworks were quite audible. If we stayed there again, we would insist on a quieter room wherever that would be (if one does exist).	
Jun 4 2009 	Great place really good for the money paid	The location is perfect. Really close to Grand central terminal and in the middle of Midtown. Just for that reason I would go back forever.The most of the people was really helpful and kind.The room was big enough for three people, and the bed was so comfortable that I just lie down and got asleep. The pillows were PERFECT.But there are two things that I loved the most: 1.- So many elevators!!! Almost nothing of waiting time. And in a city like NYC,where the time is money, UFFF that is so valuable!2.- The room was made really early. We went out early in the morning and we returned before noon and it was made up. Wonderful!And we got our room at a very good price: 3 people for 163 USD per night. A bargain!	
Jun 4 2009 	Location location location	We just returned from a very pleasant stay at The Roosevelt, a grand dame of NY hotels.The location is perfect. Madison and 45th. Ten minute walk to Rockefeller Center. Twenty minutes to Central Park. One block from Grand Central Station. A couple of blocks from American Girl.Front desk staff were friendly and accomodating. Inititially there wasn't a room ready for us at Noon, when we arrived. However, the clerk double-checked again after processing our reservation and a room had come available. Great service.Concierge, doormen and bellhops all very friendly.Rooms are very small but comfortable and clean. Ladies, if you like to spread your toiletries and make-up out on a counter in the bathroom you will be disappointed. No counter space. But in the scheme of things a minor, minor thing.Nice thick walls. Very quiet hotel. Barely heard any noise from neighbors or elevator traffic.I have stayed in very expensive NY hotels too and frankly for the price I paid at The Roosevelt the others are a complete rip off (my price was $139 a night before tax and fees). Plus, at a couple of these expensive hotels I have waited 5 minutes for an elevator. The Roosevelt has a bank of 6 elevators and we never had to wait.We got offered the &quot;hotel car&quot; too by the doorman on our way back to the airport. I took him up on it even tho I knew it was an unlicensed taxi cab and not a &quot;hotel car&quot;. I was traveling in rush hour and I liked the flat rate. Just know what the deal is and you're OK, right?	
Jun 3 2009 	Great location nice rooms but staff at front desk rude.	For NYC we got a special on $150 a night at the Roosevelt which is a historical hotel landmark. In NYC it is difficult to get rooms anywhere for this price and for them to be nice. The location is midtown and close to the empire state building, grand central station, 5th Avenue. The rooms were nice but small (typical NYC). The only complaint was the unfriendly staff at the front desk. They were rude and kind of argued with me when the internet was not working...making it seem like I didnt know what I was doing. They finally credited me back after there was a problem with the internet in a majority of the hotel. The doormen and concierge were great.	
Jun 1 2009 	Amazing deal in NYC! Walk back into the days of TITANIC!	I found that if you find a cheaper rate anywhere on the internet this hotel will match it and give you another 10% off the room per night. The hotel is very elegant and classical inside. The rooms are a little small but the overall room is very nice and more importantly th bed is very comfortable.Not too hard. The hotel had alot of history and fun to read about. Ive stayed in some of the most expensive hotels in the city but for the price and location I cant complain! I found some people were paying 399.00 a night for the samew room we where paying 164.00. I am returning next week and paying 145.00 a night for 5 nights! You may not always be able to get this good a deal but I promise if you surf the internet enough for the best price you will come out ahead compared to what other hotels are charging and not half as nice. I have only one complaint about the hotel.Service. We had to wait in a line for check in but this was a problem each day we walked by at 3pm.I suggest showing up a little later for check in if you can. And when our cab pulled up the bellman didnt offer to help with our bags. I was glad we didnt have too much. It saved us the tip. If you want to spend over 500.00 a night in the city the best place for me is The NY Palace! Hands down. But if you want a nice place but not the price tag then I strongly urge you to try The Roosevelt. The location is close to everything and beautifully decorated. I felt like i had walked back in time. Ive stayed at THE PALACE many times and love it but its just got too expensive in our economic crunch right now.I am happy to return to The Roosevelt again and again as long as I can keep the rate where it is. Im not too concerned with service when i have my husband with me to carry the bags,LOL! Im sure I will be able to get a bellman when I return alone next week.	
May 29 2009 	Awesome mid-town location.	After reading some of the other reviews - you may be having doubts about the Roosevelt. Don't believe the hype - The Roosevelt is a sure bet for an extended stay in NYC.We stayed for 5 days and throughly enjoyed every moment. The hotel is in the BEST location !! Walking distance to the highlights of NYC. Fifth Av - one block, Grand Central - one block, Chysler building - one block, Times square - two blocks, ESB - a few blocks, etc etc etc !!! It is one of the greatest feelings to walk out the front door of your hotel and be right in the middle of the action. While you are in NYC you don't want to waste time travelling.The rooms are cosy (re - small) but very adequate - let's face facts - who goes to NYC to spend time in their hotel room ? Great TV and a clean functional shower. All you need.Remember - this is New York - space is at a premium.The hotel bar is very plush and a great place to have a drink before heading out on the town. The hotel is quite large so is normally busy at most times but the staff are helpful and professional. There are about 6 elevators so getting in and out usually takes minimal time.All in all a great choice for a stay NYC !	
May 28 2009	Bad experience... that's all!	The service is completly horrible! I was surprise how they just don't care about there guests with all the competiton arround New York City... The valet survice: don't use it, they've damaged my care and one other car in the same day! It just doesn't worth paying to stay at the Roosvelt .... R.B	
May 28 2009 	Rooms need updating	We just got back from three days at the Roosevelt. The hotel lobby is very impressive. The front desk workers were rude. Not very helpful. I Felt we were treated poorly once they knew we booked through expedia. There were 6 elevators...but only one at a time seemed to be working. We were on the 7th floor. Elevators had at least 10 people in them every time we used them. And you could tell by the moans from the people already in the elevator, that it was stopping at every floor. And continued throughout our trip to the lobby. The rooms are small, but nothing out of the ordinary for NYC. The bathrooms were dirty. Mold on the shower tiles and ceiling. No vent for steam. Grout peeling throughout the bathroom tiles. There was no place to put anything in the bathroom. The sink was just a pedistal. Small glass shelve above the toilet that held tissues and soap. We ended up moving those out of the room to gain a little space. The beds were very comfortable and the floor we were on was quiet. Location was good and very close to grand central for subway access. Stayed there only because the deal through expedia couldn't be beat. Would not stay again.	
May 28 2009	No Noise but Bed Bugs Bite	Went to the Roosevelt Hotel in NY which was pretty much a nightmare from the moment we got there. We arrived around noon and were told to pre book into our room. Waited in a long line at the front desk... gave ID and a credit card, we were told to check our luggage and wait in another line and come back at 3:00 p.m. We got to the hotel at 4:00 and had to stand in line again to get the room key, where I had to show my ID again... I asked the front desk why I had to bother to pre book earlier when I still had to stand in line 4 hours later and do go through the same process .... She said &quot;Well, I guess from the guests point of view its not convenient&quot;. I replied what other point of view is there? Well that little comment got me a room right outside of the elevators with the ding! ding! bell going off every 5 minutes and trying to sleep with everyone talking in the hallway was horrible. OH yes! walking the street of NY I just wanted to soak my feet. Well, didn't have a bath tub in the bathroom just one huge shower with only a curtain separating it from the toilet. So called down to ask for a different room due to the noise and my feet wanting to be pampered. Was then told that I did not request a bath tub when I booked! I said I have never in my life booked a room and had to request a bath tub. Made me feel like I was stupid and should have read the fine print before I booked. So I proceeded to tell them about the noise and the Manager who was rather rude said I would have to call back later to see if I could get another room. I asked if I just go right up to the counter or will someone bring me new keys? OH NO I had to go back down and wait in line again. Now it is 8:00 p.m. got a new room with no noise but it came with bed bugs. We were bitten all over and I am still scratching one week later. Would never stay at that hotel again if you gave me a room with a view and breakfast in bed free for a week.I do not recommend this hotel to anyone. Would like to add that I am a frequent traveler to NY and have stayed at many other hotels in midtown with no issues.	
May 26 2009 	Nice hotel nice location nice price.	I booked this hotel through a deal on Travelzoo and was fortunate to score a price of $159 per night for a double room. The usual price is around 199 per night according to the website. It is located 2 blocks (short blocks) from Grand Central Terminal, which is a great access point to transportation anywhere else you might want to go in Manhattan. It is three blocks (long blocks) to Times Square. It is also within walking distance to Rockefeller Center. The location is very nice and ideal for the NYC tourist.The hotel is known for it's elegant, splendid, old New York-style lobby. It really does feel like you are stepping back into the roaring 1920s. There is a nice bar to the side that is nice to sit back in, have a cocktail and people watch. The gift shop was very small, but contained an adequate supply of needed items, toiletries, drinks, etc. Check in was very quick at the time I checked in, around 7pm. The room was also nicely decorated, very clean, but maybe a tad dated (after all, the hotel is 80+ years old). For NYC, it was a very nice size. I've stayed in double rooms in NYC that were half this size. The bed was quite comfortable, although the pillows were very flat, feather I believe. It had a nice flat screen TV with a lot of channels to surf at night. The bathroom was also nice and adequate. It was definitely clean, but nothing really special. The room did not have a coffee maker, which I believe in these days is a bare necessity for a hotel room, especially one of this caliber. They do offer Starbucks coffee downstairs at the bar in the mornings with snacks for purchase, but who wants to have to get dressed to go get early morning coffee?The hotel has a new rooftop bar called mad46 (after Madison Avenue and 46th Street) which I heard is very, very nice, but was unfortunately closed the night I wanted to go, which was my last night in town.Overall, I definitely enjoyed my stay at this hotel and would stay here again without hesitation.	
May 26 2009 	Location location location	Stayed at The Roosevelt for 3 nights during my first trip to New York City. Had some reservations about staying there because of the reviews on Trip Advisor. I was not disappointed or surprised. The location of The Roosevelt is awesome, but the rooms are old and tired. Some reviewers indicated it was dirty. I think it was as clean as an old room can be. Our room was inexpensive compared to other NYC hotels - 1/3 to 1/2 the price of other hotels. I can overlook the tired, old and small room because of the affordable price and great location. It is not a resort top service hotel, but I did not go to NYC to stay in my hotel room. We only stayed in the room to sleep and the bed sheets were clean. The front desk ladies were a little sharp, but we attributed it to the New York attitude. Besides, how much interaction do you really have with the front desk?	
May 23 2009 	nice stay but rude staff	I had a reservation for a non smoking room and got a smoking room, when I complained about I was told that there were not anon smoking room available and I would have to wait until the next day. I had a child with me and for me that was unaccetable.	
May 22 2009 	Great location rooms and bathrooms need to be refurbished.	This old hotel has a prime location and impressive lobby, however my room and bathroom were in desperate need of updating.	
May 22 2009 	Hotel in need of Renovations	I booked two nights from 5/9 to 5/11/09 at The Roosevelt for me, my cousin &amp; daughter. Upon arrival, we were greeted by the unpleasant odor of cigaratte smoke (which was present everytime we entered and exited the hotel). Thankfully, the curbside bell hops were pleasant to deal with and so were the registration staff. The lobby is well furnished and the decor is very ornate but a bit too dark. We had drinks at the bar and the staff there was very entertaining. However, as we made our way up to the 7th floor, we noticed the hallways were very dated and old looking. Unfortunately, the same dated and well worn decor was inside our large two bed suite. All the furniture and linens should have been donated to the goodwill and replaced with a higher end product to better represent this old and established hotel. Thankfully, we had two large windows in the room and also one in the large bathroom. But there was a group of protestors across the street screaming about something or another and being in the city the buildings acted like a microphone so we had to keep the windows closed. Regarding the bathroom, the tiles in the shower were worn and the floor drain was broken. Thankfully, I brought my shower shoes!! Overall, everything seemed seedy and unkept. In fact, I refused to sit on any of the fabric chairs because they were dusty and too worn for my taste and comfort. The whole room was a disaster for $189/night which was the deal I found on TravelZoo when I upgraded to their largest 2 bed suite. By the way, don't bother ordering a refrigerator for $25 extra. It's the smallest tiny old frig I ever saw. Also, the hotel is in the midst of changing from cable to satelite or vice versa. As a result, there were barely any channels to see and most of those were fuzzy. The maintenance tech was unable to correct it. Oh yeah, room service is non-existent between noon and 5pm. The staff explained it as a necessary budget cut due to the recession.	
May 19 2009 	A Very Tired Hotel	Background: We are British, in our early 60s and retired. We booked this hotel at the recommendation of our travel agent, because it provided one free night in a good location, prior to returning to UK aboard the QM2. We chose to book an additional 3 nights @ £77 pppn room only, enabling us to see something of New York City.Location: Excellently situated in Midtown Manhattan and within 15 minutes walk of Times Square, Empire State Building, Central Park, UN Building, etc. There are lots of restaurants nearby, and its just a block from Grand Central Station. The fixed price Yellow Cab was a good way for two to get in from JFK efficiently and comfortably ($45 + $4.15 QM Tunnel Toll + tip). The hotel is also an easy walk from the stops for the Hop-On – Hop-Off bus tours.Accommodation: The entrance lobby is quite impressive, giving the impression of pre-war grandeur and the reception and hall-porter services were efficient. However, corridors were dingy and our room, apart from the bed and the new flat-screen TV, was in great need of redecoration and refurbishment. The room was a reasonable size and there was a fine king-size bed, although too high for my wife’s little legs! There was only one bed-side light. There was no view from our 15th storey window, but there was a lot of traffic noise all night total 18 storeys).There was no kettle or tea/coffee making facilities. However, a coffee-maker was provided foc once we called for one. (Being Brits, we would have preferred a kettle and teapot!) However, we needed to phone for more coffee and milk sachets each day, as they would not provide more than one day’s supply at a time – just irksome. We certainly did not appreciate all drinking vessels being paper cups – do they not have porcelain and glasswear!? The room safe was broken and unusable.We did not use the restaurant as it was too pricey, compared with the numerous establishments nearby. The bell-boys would give recommendations of where to eat, but they were likely to send you where they would get commission. We actually found that the adverts in the hotel’s information pack in the room were more reliable.When leaving to go to the Brooklyn Cruise Terminal the doorman hailed us a waiting limo, assuring us that this was better than getting a yellow cab or any other option. It was nice to ride in a limo and we avoided the risk of dodgy practice by some cab drivers, but on checking later with other passengers, we found on paying $55 plus tip that we had probably paid nearly double what was necessary. Clearly the doorman had a nice little arrangement operating!Overall, we would not return to the Roosevelt. It does not merit its 4 Star Rating and is overpriced for what it is (even for New York).	
May 17 2009	Completely turned off by events and front desk staff at The Roosevelt Hotel	I am currently searching for a NYC hotel to accomodate my out of town wedding guests in early 2010 and came across the Roosevelt Hotel. Contacted the events planner Rose Garafolo - who right from the beginning seemed a bit disorganized and frazzled. After several correspondences via email - i had scheduled an appt with Rose to view a room today. When I went to the front desk - I was informed by Alfredo (an extremely rude employee - who seems to get frustrated very easily when asked a question) that there were no rooms. Instead of trying to ease the situation - Alfredo seemed to perpetuate it - given it was Rose's miscommunication. To make a long story short - I left the hotel feeling disrespected and completely turned off by the way the staff treats their guest and potential clients. after reading other reviews on this site - im not the only one thats had a bad experience at this so called hotel.	
May 16 2009	Great hotel and location	We were in NYC for the NYU graduation. This was a fantastic place to stay. The location was superb one block from Grand Central so you could easily go wherever you wanted. The area is close to many things yet far enough away from the Times square madness! The staff was friendly and it was just a good experience! The hotel has a rich history and was remodeled in the late 90's	
May 13 2009 	Nice hotel great location... shame about the staff.	On our trip covering the USA and Canada, we have stayed at numerous hotels, ranging from very cheap to very pricey. Our daughter found the Roosevelt for us online and they were offering a special deal of 3 nights for the price of 2 and a free continental breakfast each day. We got to the hotel and found it was so very beautiful, but then when we spoke to the staff about the offer my daughter was trying to book for us, they turned very rude. They begrudgingly gave us the 3 nights for 2 and only on the last day did they finally let us have a free breakfast. It was almost as if the staff had to pay for the breakfast out of their own pocket. Our room did not have coffee or tea making facilities and when my husband tried to order a coffee to take to our room he was told it was not possible. The staff seemed to have very little knowledge or just didn't want to be bothered with us. One staff member told us she had no idea where the nearest travel agency was, only for us to then find out there was one on the 19th floor. This was a mission also as none of the staff even seemed to know how to get to the 19th floor. All the people we have met in New York are some of the nicest people we have met in the world, but unfortunately I cannot say the same about the staff at the Roosevelt.	
May 13 2009 	An absolute dream I only wish I could do it all again!	My boyfriend booked this hotel on expedia and got a very reasonable price to stay for a week over the New Year 2009. I was unaware that he was planning to propose to me, and he had contacted the hotel in advance. He organised a limosiune to drive us to the hotel, which was magical and when we arrived, the concierge immediately took care of our bags (for a fee of course!). Then, to make things even more flawless, the desk attendant upgraded us free of charge to a superior bedroom, which was beautiful and spacious. The decor in the lobby was stunning, and everything was very grand- christmas tree, chandelier etc... Staff were pleasant, and cleaning staff were wonderfully efficient!). They also recommended that we hire one of their black cabs to return us to the airport, which was more comfortable and efficient than a regular yellow cab, and only cost 10 dollars more! good choice!! There is a wonderful steakhouse called Morton's as your exit the main entrance and turn right and walk straight for a block, we celebrated here and although it was very expensive, I have never tasted food like it!!! The location was fantastically close to everything (just a block away from the diamond district where I chose my engagement ring!), and the bed was perfect after a long day sight seeing. We will definitely return to this hotel!	
May 13 2009 	Here's more detail - give the Roosevelt a try more nice than naughty.	After reading a number of reviews, I stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel, and now I understand some of the remarks. There are some very, very nice things about this hotel - and some not so great - but don't pass this hotel by - it's a good value in an otherwise very expensive area of mid-town.Here is more detail for those first timers that I had wished I knew prior to my stay...Location, location, location as mentioned, near Grand Central at 45th and Madison - nearby is Times Square, and loads of subway choices, restaurants, shopping, and plentiful taxicabs.As everyone says, the lobby is beautiful, and has a nice seating area if you are waiting for friends. It's fun to people watch and see the bustle. There's a bellhop and concierge service. There's a coffee bar (agree with other posts you can do better elsewhere, but in a rush it's OK).As opposed to some comments, my check-in experience was very good, and my person was quite nice. I had booked open choice two or one bed; I was asked if a King bed was acceptable, and I agreed. I think now a room with two beds might get you a slightly larger room, but for 1 person the room I had was fine.There are a number of elevators in the lobby, but it is hard to figure out if they are going down, or up - and the punch buttons are only on either side of the bank with no button in the middle. It was actually funny to watch newbies (like me) first look in the middle for the button, and then search the bank for the buttons on the side. At busy times there was a bit of a wait.The room I received (a king on the 7th floor) was at the end of two very long corridors. My room took some time to find. This is a big place, with odd numbered rooms on one side, even on the other. Note that the room number signs don't tell you this, I had to figure it out after wandering down various hallways.Something about the older style reminded me of the Overlook Hotel from the Shining - but thankfully without the horror. The hallways were clean, sort of like grandma's house with a little old musty smell and flowery carpeting with a few stains here and there. The musty smell turned out later to be mostly from the soap and shampoo products in the rooms - which have a peculiar smell - they say aloe, but the fragrence is a bit more cloying than that to me. You get two small soaps, shampoo, conditioner and lotion in little bottles. The soap is very drying, so bring your own if that bothers you.My room was at the end of the hall, and was small, but very clean. The hallway was clear, except for some trays here and there, and someone had left a broken wine glass on the hallway floor that took a day to have cleaned up. The room appointments included the king bed, LCD TV, chest, desk and chair with internet connection access, separate comfy chair, and bathroom. The bed seemed new, and was very comfortable (firm, yet not too hard.) Soft white linens, generous number of pillows, and a mini-coverlet in gold were on the bed. Some hotel pictures with the designer &quot;R&quot; bed pillows were not to be found in this room, but no big deal.The room was a bit hot, so I turned on the older style floor model combo A/C and heater. It worked fine, but was a little loud. Turns out that was a good thing, as each of the two nights I stayed, there was heavy machinery noise from the outside inclusive of rings and beeps that I could hear even over the A/C from 12 mid to around 2 in the morning. Not the hotel's fault - but if you are a light sleeper, recommend ear plugs. I also agree with other posts that you can hear everything in the hallway, from conversations, baby cries, to door knocks, opening and closings, and slams. Thankfully, not too much could be heard in the room from neighbors in their rooms, mostly noise from hallway and outside. (Note the window could open to the outside, but I did not use it.)My neighbors were either a group of goats, or a bunch of wild guys coming in at all hours. Not my business, other than a couple of them banging on my door at 3 in the morning thinking it was their room. I ignored this, and the guys stumbled into their room (after banging that door), and the episode was over.There's a new flat screen LCD TV in the room with fairly good reception, but the higher number channels were fuzzy, and as mentioned in other reviews not a lot of choice of channels - but who spends that much time in the room, anyway?Surprising to me for an older hotel was that there was enough adequate lighting that all worked, and enough mirrors. The room, while small, had a fairly large closet right near the entranceway, with an iron and ironing board available. The overall feel of the room was like staying in grandma's attic room - old, small, clean, layers of cream colored paint and wallpaper, a bit mismatched, a little musty, but mostly cozy and workable. I know it sounds odd, but that was the feeling.The bathroom was very clean, but a bit uninspired. You could see where new tiles had been put in the shower area, with a bowed out curtain bar (nice touch giving more shoulder room), new shower curtain (nice, but did not match decor), a pedestal sink (pretty, but does not give counter space), commode (right next to ancient radiator so little room. and the commode seat was crooked), and two small glass shelves without too much space. The tub had two enamel gouges that someone attempted to repair with enamel paint. Large mirror, with an ugly industrial light, which made the room seem a bit sad and garishly lit. Not good for makeup application. There was a hair dryer, medium wattage - the dryer had a little night light on it, a nice touch. Plenty of clean white towels - but first night no washcloths. TP is cheap and harsh, so bring your own if you are sensitive to same.No coffee maker. No mini-bar. Ice bucket and glasses; soda machines down the hall with ice available. Surprisingly, no NY magazines, maps or tourist publications in the room, you had to ask at the desk or concierge. Checkout can be via TV/phone, but I went to the desk. No problems with my bill. Note that there are a number of city taxes that apply in addition to your room rate per night (almost +$30.)We had a breakfast in the Roosevelt restaurant (mezzanine level just up from the lobby.) Pretty ambience, nice buffet and menu, but EXPENSIVE. There are nearby cheaper places.My overall experience was that this place had all the necessities and is in an incredibly good location and gives pretty good value. Was it amazing? No. Was it clean and a very good value? Yes. Would I stay again for biz? Yes. Would I go for a blow out no expense spared trip into the city? No.	
May 13 2009 	great location good value ? rooms	We stayed in a room for 4 people with our two teenage boys. The room was relatively small with two double beds. The boys didn't like to sleep in a double bed and had every night a fight about sharing space, sheets, comforter etc. The location was great just in the centre of Manhattan. I would recommend it.	
May 13 2009 	Nice for the Price	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a weekend getaway. The location of the hotel was great. It was just blocks away from Time Squares, Grand Central Station, and shopping on 5th Ave. The hotel itself for nice. The lobby was beautiful and the staff was very friendly. The room was small, however big enough for just my husband and I. My biggest complaint would be the fact that we were placed in a corner room. Each time someone opened or closed their door we could hear it very loudly. If you stay at this hotel be sure to ask for a room in the hallway. I don't think you hear as much noise in the rooms in the hallway.Overall this is a good hotel. I would recommend it to a friend.	
May 8 2009 	Great location elegant and good service	My daughter (10) and I stayed for three days at the end of April, beginning of May. The tone was set when we first walked up to the desk, and as I checked in, a staff member made friendly suggestions for taking pictures. The lobby is really quite grand. Our room was on the 16th floor, not noisy, and a comfortable temperature on arrival. No heat/cooling issues, we actually had ok water pressure, the beds and bedding were quite comfortable. The towels were quite soft and new. There were no unpleasant odors (even the 'closed up' smell you sometimes get).The decor is a bit old fashioned, but I am fine with that. The room could use more outlets, and the bathroom is starting to show wear. The coffee/breakfast service in the lounge is skippable, better food for the money can be found in less than a block in any direction. We booked a superiour room through a deal from Travelzoo. This meant a large flatscreen TV in a normal NYC room with a closet on the 16th floor. I have not seen any other rooms at this hotel to compare it to. There was limited HD channels for some reason, they left a note about it (but this didn't meatter to us really).	
Apr 30 2009 	AAA location! (but oldfashioned rooms and unfriendly staff)	The location at Madison and 45th in central midtown Manhattan is nothing but great. The lobby of the hotel also looks nice but the somewhat oldfashioned atmosphere gets even stronger in the rooms... Reception staff is very unfriendly but rates of between 150 and 200 USD for a well sized room in midtown NYC are still very good value for money despite the little criticisms.	
Apr 30 2009 	Go for the Location...not the Service...	Like others have mentioned...the hotel is situated about a 2 minute walk away from grand central station so it is a great location for those who want to take the MTA all the time. The hotel itself is very old, and for how old it is...the rooms are actually not too bad. The building itself has been kept quite nice, and overall is quite clean.Room noise is bad, you can always hear people entering and leaving rooms, and street noise is pretty abundant(poor insulation I guess), but that is not a big deal...being inside Manhattan I didn't expect it to be too quiet.But my overall experience in terms of service here was quite horrible. I called ahead of time to confirm my reservation as we will be arriving late that night...everything was supposedly ok. Once we arrived however the story was different. We had 2 rooms, and one of them was supposed to be a double...but nope...it magically turned to a Single King, and apparently there was no other room available anymore. So we accepted that and would try to find another room the next day. My only requests were to be situated on a higher floor and to be away from the elevators (we booked 1 month in advance)...but nope...we got the fourth floor...and one of the rooms was right in front of the elevator.Thats when it all went downhill...our other party split with us, then got stuck in the elevator for 1.5 hours...being stuck in an elevator is acceptable since things do break down once in a while...but for 1.5 hours was pretty ridiculous, and there was very very poor communication from the outside staff letting us know what was going on. Anyways, after this fiasco, we met the only 'nice' person of our hotel stay...the evening manager...he was quite apologetic and overall very professional.Anytime we needed service at the concierge or the front desk, the staff just seemed rude and did not act like we were customers...we stayed a total of 14 days there between our 2 rooms and the only time we felt there was customer service was with the bellhop and the night service manager, everyone else was just rude. We visited the Grill inside the Hotel for breakfast...the staff there were equally unpleasant; Absolutely no service, they would just stand around and talk to each other...when we say thanks, they never would reply with a welcome or any response for that matter...Also the safe's in both rooms were not operational when we initially checked in. The business center charges you around 30cents a minute for internet with a minimum $3 charge, but the computers are so slow, you spend half the time just waiting for things to load.Be it perhaps we are high maintenance, or just demanding too much...but we would definitely not recommend or repeat even though it was a great value, and great location.	
Apr 29 2009 	Classic Hotel Great Location	The Roosevelt is defentily in a very good location. Next to Grand Central Station, one block from Rockefeller Plaza, two blocks from Times Square, and about half a mile from the Empire State Building. When you walk into it is is very impressive. Very elegent and classic with big chandelliers, and nice marble floor. There is a bar which is full most of the time and serves food. The rooms are a bit small but thats New York for you. The beds were very comfortable and the shower was pretty good. The staff were friendley and were very helpful. Overal the hotel was very good and I would definitly tay ther again. Also Stage Deli and Lindey's which are restaurants that are legendary were very good and close by.	
Apr 29 2009 	One of the best hotels in NY	The service was amazing, the rooms had good veiws over the city, with many lifts in the hotel, it took no time to get up to the rooms. It had a good posh feel, but not too pricey. Although the cost of the meals in hotel are something to look out for.All round though and enjoyable expirence and would definetly go bakc again	
Apr 28 2009 	superb roosevelt	have just returned from staying at the roosevelt. we found the rooms were a really good size, the beds were really comfortable,the hotel is really well situated for walking to loads of the city sights including central park, times sq, statue of liberty and many more, the subway is across the road. would i recommend this hotel. yes in a heart beat. i cant say anything bad about it and we stayed for 5 nights.	
Apr 24 2009 	Our stay was great........	I took both of my kids to spend a two nights in NYC and we chose the Roosevelt Hotel for hotel and value. I was a bit concerned after I read some of the reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. The room we had (Room 822) was a great size room. Accomodations were good for the price that we paid. The location can not be beat. I valeted my car which I felt was a bit pricey ($55.00 a night) but I was travelling with two kids so I didn't have much of a choice. The staff was courteous other than one person at the front desk. The bell captain was very helpful. Recommended great restaurant in the city. All in all, I think this hotel is worth it. I would highly recommend it to my family and friends.	
Apr 21 2009 	Nice Location Old Rooms	The location is great. The public areas of the hotel are stunning. The rooms are another story. They are old and dark and not well kept. When we asked to change rooms they told us they were all the same rather than trying to accomodate us. Also, at the end of our stay we found some outrageous fee on the bill that was associated with the &quot;free&quot; breakfast. Of course, we were told we had to pay this.	
Apr 21 2009 	great location	We stayed here in january for week and had a really great time. The room was a good size with a really comfy bed that was huge!! Great to fall into after so much walking around!! The bathroom was nice and clean too. The location was great, really easy to get everywhere. We didnt try any food at the hotel so cant comment on that but everything else was great. Would definately stay there again.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Location Nice Hotel	Just got back from two nights at The Roosevelt Hotel with my two young kids and husband. We got a great rate and breakfast included. The hotel was a good find in a great location. Close to subway, walk to most mid-town tourist attractions. The room was a decent size, especially for NYC. The lobby was very lively and a beautiful space. Hard to go wrong with this moderatly priced hotel.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great location problem with reservation lamps 	Except for the clerk the first night the Roosevelt staff were nice, especially the bellhops and concierges. The lobby is gorgeous and the location is really convenient. If you need wi-fi access go accross the street to Cosi where it is free. The hotel charges $15 per computer per 24-hr period.I had called ahead and notified the Roosevelt that we would be checking in very late (1-2 am) and they guaranteed late check-in. When the 3 of us arrived they did not have a room with 2 beds for us. They gave us a room with 1 king and promised a roll-away (saying they never guarantee the size of the beds). When I asked if they could do anything to make up for the inconvenience the clerk grudgingly wrote out a ticket so that each of us could have 1 pastry and 1 coffee each (my youngest is 12) at the breakfast bar and NOTHING ELSE! (her words). Forty minutes later they brought up a roll-away bed. They had to shove furniture around to squeeze it in. They couldn't fix the room assignment until the next day. As instructed we brought down our luggage to be stored in the morning. They had no safe available except in the rooms, and since we were without a room the girls had to carry their laptops which they had brought to do homework during the NYU tour we were attending (10-12:30). Finally, around 3:00 they were able to get us a room with 2 beds. In the new room, one lamp wouldn't turn off, so they replaced it. Then the safe didn't work, so they sent someone in who replaced the batteries. Then a different lamp stopped working, but at that point we just avoided that lamp. The window also jammed, but we eventually got it working.	
Apr 20 2009 	Roosevelt - Very Very Central	I stayed in this Hotel with my wife and my parents for a week (April 2009). Rooms were not very big (but none are in Manhattan), but they were clean, had comfy bed and good shower. The hotel foyer is quite amazing.It is a very central location in Manhattan, perfect for seeing all the sights. It is right beside Grand Central Station and is 4 blocks (5-10 minute walk) from Times Square. Its about 10-15min walk from Central Park and 2 blocks away from 5th Avenue and Rockefeller Centre.We flew into Newark, got the NJ Transit train ($15) from Airport to Penn Station. Then we used the Subway to get to Grand Central.Line 1 from Penn Station one stop to Times Square, then S Shuttle line to Grand Central) We got a 7 day metro pass ($25), the best move we made as we used it to get all around Manhattan/Bronx/Queens on subway and buses.There is a good fitness centre in the Hotel, but no swimming pool. I used the fitness centre a few times, there were TVs on each machine and water machine as well.We didn’t eat in the Hotel as the breakfast was probably a bit pricy. Have the adventure in NYC is going around all wee Deli bars for breakfast anyway. There are many of them.There are a few good restaurants nearby (Eamon Bar and Grill) – 2min walk and the Perfect Pint (5min walk). They are not fine dining but good quality food.If you are looking for a central location to tour Manhattan, then the Roosevelt is the one for you.	
Apr 19 2009 	Very good bed in the heart of Manhattan	The room was kind of old and very small but it was clean and the bed was WOW~! The stuff was not so pleasant especially the concierge that let me to carry my own bags and then asked in not very nice way for a tip! The location is perfect: one block from the grand central. I cannot say that it was the perfect hotel but in the price I paid it was OK and I recommend on it.	
Apr 15 2009	Rooms not ready until 7pm! Smelly smoking rooms difficult staff.	I booked two stays here for some friends coming from out of town. When we arrived to check in they were given a smoking room which smelled awful. The rooms have decent furnishings but if you are not a smoker, the smoking rooms are really disgusting. We were told they could not guarantee us a non smoking room upon our return but they would put a request in and it was 'very likely' they coul make it happen. When we returned at 3pm to check in again, the rooms were not ready. The wait for a smoking room was 2 HOURS the wait for a nonsmoking room was FOUR HOURS. We waited 2 and had to settle into another stinky room. The staff made no attempt to compensate us for the inconvenience and were rude when we would check to see if the room was ready. The second room was small and the bathroom wasn't well furnished. It looked tired and old.This hotel has some decent rooms and is in a good location. If the staff would simply make a bit of an effort it would have completely changed my review but under the circumstances I cannot recommend this place.	
Apr 14 2009 	Pleasantly surprised!	I had booked this hotel as all the hotels were coming up really expensive and I was very nervous. I booked a petite room so wasn't expecting much! My husband and I were really surprised by the hotel, the entrance is very grand and the room was clean and nice enough, we were on the 17th floor so didn't get any nose. The bed was really comfy and the location was great. The staff on the reception and concierge desk are not very friendly but answer your questions! We had prebooked transfers from Newark airport which my husband swears he would never do again as it took so long but it was nice and easy! We also prebooked our bus tours which was excellent. We really enjoyed ourselves and would definitely stay at this hotel again and believe me I am fussy!	
Apr 13 2009 	Mixed Bag	I stayed here for a week last summer. Front desk was fantastic; Sunday brunch was fantastic: room was very good; maid service good; Concierge desk was clueless on how to do their job; front doorman was a crook.	
Apr 12 2009 	Have a hard time recommending this hotel	I'm well aware of NYC prices, so I think the location is good and the service is average; however, I found the rooms to be dingy and a tad on the dirty side. For the price, it's okay, but there are many more hotels with competitive pricing that are better value.	
Apr 12 2009 	Elegant Lobby clean room great location	After reading mixed reviews, we were pleasantly surprised by friendly staff. Room was clean, although on the small side. Enjoyed hanging out in the lobby and bar. Location was excellent, with walking distance to Broadway, Times Square, Grand Central Station, Rockefeller Square. Internet charge is a rip-off, but we didn't use it. Breakfast way too expensive, but plenty of alternatives a block or two away.	
Apr 11 2009 	Not That Bad but...	... you should know a few things so that you are not disappointed with your booking:The lobby is amazing.... I don’t think this helps when you see your room.The room is fairly small, smaller than a Travel Lodge room in the UK.It does not have coffee making facilities.Your room may not be as clean as you would like it to be, but it’s really not bad.The windows do not look like they have been cleaned for years and it seems the air con unit filter needed a good clean too.... the good things were:The location is fab. It is a stone’s throw away from Grand Central so you can get to anywhere you need via the subway and 3½ blocks away from the Comfort Diner, look it up on here, you won't regret a visit.The room had a safe, big enough for a small laptop, camera, camcorder and money etc to be locked away.The bed is very comfy, lovely shower/bath and well needed after a long day walking around NY!We didn’t spend too much time in the room and overall for the price we paid we were happy. We would recommend it to friends and family, once we had mentioned the above!	
Apr 11 2009 	Horrible	Booked a room a month in a advance with two double beds. Once we got there they said they only had rooms with king beds left and all they could say was &quot;sorry.&quot; What's the point of a reservation?	
Apr 10 2009 	Friendly	Excellent service, friendly staff at front desk, bell hop very nice and accomadatingpooring rain, and gentleman at front of hotel hails me a cab sans umbrella	
Apr 10 2009 	Great first time to New York	This was my first time to New York &amp; after a long flight &amp; slightly dodgy transfer (booked through expedia, pre-paid yet driver tried to charge again-we just refused!) it was nice to arrive here!Hotel is very pretty inside &amp; is in a great location. Very close to everything we needed &amp; wanted to see. Loads of shops &amp; food places literally round the corner.Our room was slightly small, the bed filled most of it, but it really didn't matter, you don't come to New York to stay in your room! Plus I think I had in mind a suite like from pretty woman so I was going to think it was smaller than expected! lol! The bathroom &amp; the room were clean and we found no problems whatsoever!The staff were really helpful and I found this hotel to be perfect for all our needs, would definitely recommend &amp; would stay here again.	
Apr 8 2009 	Location location and again location	Service (especially at the front desk) poor. No hello, no smile, no welcome, neutral reaction to all the guests. We (my husband and i) didn't pay any attention since we knew by the reviews and price not to expect something else. We drove from Toronto, Ontario (8 hours wonderful road trip) parking at the hotel is $55, if you take your car out more that once they charge you again. We stayed for 3 days and didn't use our car. The hotel is in perfect location you don't need a car at all. Rooms are small but OK, we requested a king size bed, looked like a queen, wish i had my measuring tape, just out of curiosity. Washrooms are outdated and looked dirty (our washroom had a closet ) Nice cafe right across the hotel, for lunch or breakfast. If you are taking an umbrella from reception make sure they do take it out of your bill when returning it. They almost charged us $25. Good hotel on the budget, but will not stay again. I'll look for something else.	
Apr 7 2009 	Cheap by price 	We arrived at the hotel at 9pm on Friday night to discover that our booking had been lost. After a few phone calls to expedia.com and a confirmation fax being sent to the hotel, they finally agreed that we had a booking. Having said that they said they didn't have a room available!! It was 9pm, why wasn't there a room available?? I guess in the end they compensated us with two free drinks and an entree at their bar. Those drinks and entree were nice.The room was in pretty good shape however the bath was quite dirty. The water tended to clog up in the bath, which wasn't too appealing.The gym was quite good and catered for what I requiredAn issue I had was the cost of internet access. This will set you back an additional $15 or so per day. I found it much cheaper to go to a local Starbucks and use their cheaper internet. That was a bit of a disappointment.Overall the hotel was satisfactory for the money paid. It is about a 5-8 minute walk to times square. The location is pretty good considering. Worth a shot if you want something cheap, but not totally nasty	
Apr 6 2009 	Good Bargain	I got a deal from travelzoo - a $179/night rate for a King Superior Room including full breakfast for two each day of our visit. The room was clean and the location was superb. It is located one block from Grand Central Terminal, which is convenient for those taking subways.My only complain is that they ran out of breakfast vouchers and we had to go to the front desk each morning to get copies vouchers for breakfast. But the waitstaff in the Roosevelt Grill made up for this as they were very friendly and accommodating.I would certainly recommend.	
Apr 6 2009 	Ideal Location	We stayed at the Roosevelt on our annual trip to NYC this year. The location is superb. Grand Central is literally across the street so subway access couldn't be more convenient. We arrived at 11:00 and were able to check in immediately before headed to the Village. The room was on the small size but it accommodated us. Bathroom was clean and shower pressure/hot water good. The rooms were not noisy and the bed was unbelievably comfortable. The hotel is located in a prime location making easy walks to Times Square &amp; the Rock however we tend to go off the beaten path for our entertainment. There is no coffee maker in the room but it is available in the lobby. We did not eat at the hotel but had a few drinks in the bar, which was lively both evenings we were there. Unless there is another great deal out there, we'll be back next year!	
Mar 24 2009 	Great hotel!	The hotel is great. I hinghly recommend it!It's very clean, the service y really good and has a great fitness area.Great location: steps from Madison Ave.It has an amazing lobby and a nice bar . The room service is really good, and the staff is always ready to help.I do recommend the Roosevelt Hotel.	
Mar 24 2009 	Perfect location good hotel	I stayed in the Roosevelt with 3 friends, all their to celebrate our birthdays. Having read some of the previous reviews I was a little nervous about staying here but our experience was very good. We booked directly with the hotel and got a very good deal which included breakfast. The breakfast buffet was excellent with a huge choice. The rooms were quite small but clean and comfortable. The bed one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The bathroom was a little tired but clean and perfectly adequate. The staff I dealt with, with the very notable exception of the woman making waffles at breakfast who was extraordinarily rude, were helpful and polite. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and I would happily return.	
Mar 21 2009 	Stunned	I have just read a review about the above Hotel and was stunned at the disgust of the writer. Its 18 months since I stayed there, but have visited there twice. First time in April 2001. This hotel was absolutely superb on both occasions. Rooms superb, staff friendly and efficient and food excellent.I hope to go to New York next year and will book at this hotel again.	
Mar 20 2009 	Happy with this Hotel	This hotel was perfectly located for the things we like to do in Manhattan. We had a king room on the 9th floor and were very comfortable. The bathroom was small, but we managed fine. The service was better than average.A few areas for improvement: There was only one nightstand by the bed, which is somewhat inconvenient for two people. Also, the Starbucks coffee and breakfast items in the Madison Lounge were supposed to be available at 6:00, but were usually not ready until 6:15.We really enjoyed this hotel and look forward to staying here again.	
Mar 18 2009 	Fantastic Location Good Hotel Great Holiday	Like many people, I read as many reviews as possible before deciding on a hotel in New York.....some of the reviews on here just have to be ignored. The Roosevelt is a very, very good choice for a week in New York.Firstly, the location. Perfect spot just off Madison Ave. Lovely short walk to Bloomingdales, Times Square, Macy's, Central Park, Empire State Building, Rockerfella Centre, Chrysler Building. If you walk out the front of the hotel and cross the road, there is a door marked Grand Central Station. Within 2 mins you are in the main concourse. Perfect if you need trains/subway.TIP - Turn left out the main entrance on 46th Street and walk 4 blocks (past Met Life Centre on right). The Comfort Diner is a perfect place for breakfast, or lunch, or dinner! Great staff. What us English would descibe as a proper New York diner. I cannot recommend this place highly enough, and really set us up for the day.Second, the hotel and staff. If your the sort of person that gives a hotel rating a 1 star if someone doesn't say hello back to you, then you really need help! Check in was excellent. Arrived 1pm, room not ready. Stored luggage and was told to come back at 3pm. Had a drink in the bar and a local stroll in the snow and got back at 3pm. Room still not ready - BUT, I did not complain, just stayed silent for a few seconds and the lady gave us a free upgrade to a King Room. The room itself wasn't massive, so I would imagine a cozy Queen is very small, BUT it was clean, flatscreen tv, small but fine bathroom with a good shower. No complaints. The bed was excellent. TIP - if you are given a room opposite the lifts, change (as in any hotel). There are no tea/coffee facilities but there is a small coffee shop directly opposite and a Starbucks serving from the hotel bar in the morning.We avoided room service as it looked horrendously over-priced.The lobby is beautiful. It really takes you back to a grand hotel from the 30's. The bar next to the lobby is very busy, but we always found a table. WARNING - Drinks are very expensive. $15 - $20 for a cocktail and just under $10 for a pint. We had a few drinks as it was such a nice location and atmosphere, but I wouldn't advise going on an all day session unless you re-mortgaged the house before you came out.We stayed for seven nights and 2 of the nights had roadworks till past midnight....BUT I'm not going to mark a hotel down for that! Also one night had a big Jewish wedding so there was alot of corridor noise, but again only because we were near the lifts.We had no problem with the staff at all. If you feel someone deserves a tip, give them one. Never at any point did we feel pressured to tip anyone. I would recommend the hotel car back to the airport. That little bit of luxury is a perfect way to round the holiday off, and probably works out the same cost ($55) than the yellow cab ($45 + tip and tolls).The rooms were ok, but like everyone says, the only time you should spend in your room in New York is either getting ready to go out or sleeping.All in all, the hotel and location was the perfect place to spend the week in which I proposed to my girlfriend. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who was staying in New York.	
Mar 16 2009 	Excellent Time at the Roosevelt!	My mom, sister and I stayed at the Roosevelt from February 23 - March 1st and really cannot say anything negative about our experience!Our flight arrived at JFK early in the morning and we arrived at the Roosevelt before 8am. Our room was not ready for us at the time, but our luggage was happily taken care of for us and we were invited to return earlier than the regular check-in time should we choose as the front desk agent was sure our room would be ready by 1pm at the latest. I had originally booked a Cozy Queen room as part of an Expedia package as my mom and I had planned on traveling just the two of us, however when my sister decided to come, we called the hotel ahead of time and asked our room to be changed. As we had an extra person travelling with us, I fully expected to pay for the room upgrade, however we weren't charged anything!We had a great room with 2 double beds, clean bathroom and room, plenty of room for our luggage and a nice view of 46th Street. The beds were very comfortable, there was some noise outside at night from the garbage trucks working overtime to keep the streets clean, however all three of us slept very well. All but one morning we started our day by running down to the lounge in the lobby for bagels, fruit and coffee. Very conveinent, the staff were friendly, courteous, lovely.The hotel lobby was absolutely beautiful. Constantly busy as meeting and conferences were going on almost all the time. I never once felt unsafe in the hotel or the city for that matter! The hotel location is superb. With Grand Central just a block away, it's easy to get anywhere from the hotel! Also, at 47th and Madison is an excellent café, Café Metro. Highly recommend going there for amazing soups and salads. Perfect if you want to grab some food to take back to the hotel.At no time during our entire stay did I ever feel like I had to tip anyone working at the Roosevelt. We left a few dollars everyday in the room for the maid service, and tipped the Bellmen when they retrieved our luggage for us from storage upon our arrival and when we left the hotel. The gentlemen working outside taking care of the taxi's/towncars helped us out, never implying or indicating a sense of entitlement when it came to tips.I highly recommend the Roosevelt to anyone looking for the quintessential New York experience. I cannot wait to return!	
Mar 16 2009 	Total Lack of Service	I chose the Roosevelt for a weekend trip because of its great location and reasonable rates. I was totally unprepared for the complete lack of service. It was unlike anything I've ever experienced. I arrived by taxi and there was no doorman or anyone at the entrance of the hotel to take my bags. I carried them up a short flight of stairs to the lobby and checked in. I was not offered the services of a bellman to accompany me to my room or to help me with my bags. The room was small, especially the bathroom, but it was adequate. During my 3 night stay, the only other contact I had with the hotel staff was when I turned on the hair dryer and all of the lights in the room went out. I called down to the desk and a hotel maintenance worker arrived fairly promptly to remedy the situation and explain that someone in the next room was using a hair dryer at the same time! This should not be a problem at a HOTEL where using a hair dryer in the morning is NOT an uncommon thing! Overall I would say that the location is outstanding, the hotel itself is just ok, and the staff is totally disinterested.	
Mar 15 2009 	Horrible	Problems with Roosevelt Hotel in New York City: At 2:20 am the front desk calls &amp; says they had a complaint that our Tv was too loud. I told the woman that they were mistaken because our Tv was not on and we had been asleep for hours. as my sis and I are 62 &amp; 64 yrs. old.She then said I am warning you that if this happens again security will be called to knock on your door. I explained again that she was mistaken but she was very rude and continued to threaten me. I went down to the lobby and she was the only one there and I asked for the mananger and a man came to me with a phone in hbis hand.I made a complaint with the night mananger and then again with the day manager the next day.I was told that they would get back to me but no one ever did. We were not able to go back to sleep that night and because we were so tired .We were there for several more days and no one ever contacted us. When we left on 3/01 we both filled out a comment card and explained the incident. We have not heard anything from them at allfrom the Hotel. They woke us us in the middle of the night for something we did not do, then threatened us.We were awake the rest of the night.It was a terrible and costly experiance. that was quite scarry. The room was small but fine. The Tv was good. The view from our window that they claimed had a &quot;view&quot; was the inside of the hotel looking at all the airconditioning units and the other wall of the hotel.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great NYC hotel for business travelers	Grand old hotel. Rooms are partially renovated and larger and cleaner that most NY rooms. Hotel has large lobby with a busy bar and a restaurant. The location is great for meetings - near many of the larger banking and finance companies. For the price, one of the better deals in NY for business travelers.	
Mar 13 2009 	Rude Staff	After few days staying at the hotel without problem, an incident with Wendy the receptionist and her so-called manager was enough for saying I and my employees would never stay again to the Roosevelt hotel.- Wendy the Receptionist rude and baring call because some of the colleague names were not matching the room number on her computer. All rooms were registered on one name.- She has been rude with people trying to reach room by phone, with her 'gangsta' attitude! - Her &quot;so -manager&quot; telling me he would press charge against the persons staying in the room where the name aren't theirs, saying they were staying illegally in the hotel after 4 nights. Shocked! All filled a form upon arrival! - Received better services in budget hotels around the world including 3rd world country.- Just unbelievable.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great location but shabby place	This is really well located in central Manhattan but it is in desperate need of a refurb, and in fact simply looks shabby. The room we stayed in was extremely cramped and noisy (although to be fair, you have to expect this in Manhattan!).It wasn't unpleasant and didn't ruin the holiday, I would just expect a lot better for the money	
Mar 10 2009 	Amazing experience	It was amazing to enter the lobby and all of its charm. Checkin in was done quickly without any problems by a friendly staff member. Got a room on the 9th floor facing 46th street. The room was very big with a 32&quot; flatscreen and a wonderful comfortable king size bed. I suspect I was upgraded as the room I paid for was a &quot;cozy room with a queen size bed&quot; but this room was so much more. The bathroom was big and very clean. The decor was a bit worn out in the room but again everything was sparkling clean. The room was cleaned every day and the sheets/towels was changed at the same time. The fitness room on the 2nd floor was very nice and cleaned everyday. Also fresh fruit was available. I did not use the restaurant or roomservice as the prices seemed a little bit on the expensive side, but due to the hotels excellent location there is a lot of cafes and reataurants nearby. In general the staff was friendly but not too many smiles and their general knowledge of the hotel offerings (like webzone etc) was not impressive. Checkin out was again done quickly and with no fuzz and when I stored my luggage for a couple of hours the bellboys was friendly and very helpful also when I picked up the luggage. Only concern I had was the aircondition. It was kinda old and a bit noisy. Fortunately it was not necessary to use it when I stayed there. I spent 8 nights at the hotel and I enjoyed every minute of it.	
Mar 7 2009 	Best hotel superb clean fantastic location ticks all the boxes for me	We ( 2 best mates ) stayed here at the end of Jan into Feb and what a lovely hotel. We arrived to see the amazing lobby it is breathtaking and makes it feel that bit more special.The check-in lady was really lovely and as we told her it was our 30th birthdays she upgraded us to a king suite for free ! They do ask for a $100 deposit for breakages but you get it back if no damage is done.The room we were given was on the 14th floor and the view was of some offices but we weren't bothered as we weren't there for that ! The room that greeted us was very clean,tastefully decorated and had two double beds ! One each ! The bed was soooo comfy and there was peace and quiet apart from the humming of traffic and honking of taxi horns- very NYC ! The bathroom had a decent shower/bath and they provide you with complimentary toiletries, fluffy white towels and a hair dryer ! There was cable tv and decent 37' plasma tv to watch it on. The only criticism is that there are no tea/coffee making facilities and you have to fill up a bucket of ice to keep your drinks cold - we used to buy a big carton of orange juice and stick it in the ice and that did us ! There are vending machines for fizzy drinks but I wouldn't waste the money.You can get room service but it is expensive. The Madison Bar in the hotel serves a variety of alcohol, cocktails coffee etc. Be warned it is expensive but if you are splashing out - well worth it ! Cocktails are around $15 each! We would highly recommend this hotel - tip a yellow cab to JFK airport is $45 + tip and tolls - for the same money we got a limo ($55) to the airport from the hotel and it is the ultimate way to spend the last few hours in this glorious city - the position is excellent for times square, empire state, rockerfeller centre, broadway, central park and generally everywhere - I will be staying here again when I visit what I call a home from home	
Mar 4 2009 	amazing	Got a great deal, just amazing hotel. Great location!! Service ok, rooms were nice. Not even as small as NYC rooms usually are. Got upgraded for free on our arrival. We stayed for 8 nights. Only negative thing was that the hotel airport transfer is expensive.Beds were so comfy!! Just love the old, real NY feeling!	
Mar 3 2009 	Good hotel great location	Stayed for 2 nights while attending a conference. Room was small and furnishings a bit worn (but a new flat screen TV), but everything was clean and in good working order. Unlike some others, I was able to manage the climate controls, though it took some time. The staff was efficient, if somewhat diffident. The location is excellent for anything in Midtown. I would definitely stay there again for business travel.	
Mar 3 2009 	Very disappointed	Wanted to treat myself to one of the &quot;Grand Dames&quot; of NYC Hotels. While the lobbyand restaurant are beautiful, the rest of the hotel was a disappointment. Because I checked in before 3:00, had to leave my bags. That's when everything fell apart. Sent to 3 different places to leave bags. Very disorganized. Long lines. Like being at the airport. Never had to go thru that at any other hotel. Then when I arrived that evening, no one was there to get my bags.Front desk had to call bell hop who insisted that he bring it to my room instead of me waiting for it. Guess why? When he brought it to my tiny, very warm room, he stood there and stared at me until I tipped him (for doing his job...late).	
Mar 2 2009 	This hotel was great we just simply loved it	My boyfriend and i spent 5 days at the Roosevelt and we thoroughly enjoyed it. The location was perfect The room size was ok to us we didn't have anything to complain about. The room was always clean and the sheets fresh and crisp. The bathroom was also clean and whilst small it was just fine for the both of us. May i just add that the bed was soooo comfortable we proceeded to change our bed as soon as we came back from our holiday as we could no longer bear the thought of sleeping on a less than the Roosevelt standard type of bed i could write a whole lot about the bed... The tv was nice there was a wide range of tv shows, movies, news on tv. The hotel food was nice though a little expensive i would definitely recommend the Roosevelt hotel to my family and friends in fact next time i'm in NYC i'll probably go back there.	
Feb 28 2009 	Superb hotel in a great location	My partner and i stayed at the Roosevelt hotel in New York city for 5 days over Valentines weekend 2009. When we arrived we were greeted by very friendly staff who are willing to help. When we checked in we were upgraded to a better room free of charge as they were a couple of better rooms spare. All of tehotel staff are very polite and willing to help the porters are very helpful and will give yu any advice you need.The hotel is very modern and the whole appearence is fantastic. Our room was great we had a huge bed and we had everything we needed in the room. The maidskept the rooms clean and tidy on a daily basis and are not in anyway intrusive. Thre is a wide choice of room service options in required.We could not have asked for a better located hotel, The Roosevelt is very well situated for Central park Rockefella centre and anything else you would wish to see/do whilst staying in NYC all with in a short walk/ Taxi ride away with some very good bars and deli's close by. Grand central station is 200yards from the hotel so commuting from the hotel is made very easy indeed. I would highly recommend Gordon Ramsay's &quot;Maze&quot; restauant which is at the London Hotel, And for more less informal dining there is &quot;Eamon's bar and grill &quot; which is 2 mins walk from the hotel. The hotel itself has a very good restaurant ad a shop which is open for much of the day. We were thoroughly impressed with our stay at the Roosevelt hotel and would happily return there if we decide to go back to NYC. I would highly recommend tis hotel to anyone planning on visiting NYC. I think for hotel atmoshpere, staff performance and room service quality this is one of the best hotels i have stay in outside of the UK.	
Feb 24 2009 	good value clean and comfortable	This was my husband and I's 2nd stay at the Roosevelt. We had previously stayed there for new year's eve 2007-2008 and got upgraded to a king minisuite. This time we weren't so lucky, but the room was nice anyway. We were on the 9th floor and it was a bit of street noise on Friday afternoon but it was quiet in Saturday. It was clean and decently sized for NYC, and the bed was very comfortable. The towels were thick and the water pressure in the shower was great. We got a special deal that included free breakfast vouchers in the dining room. The food was adequate, with a good choice of hot dishes such as eggs, bacon, sausages, waffles, pancakes, and the usual cereal, bagels, toast, and juice or coffee. What we weren't told was that they charge you a $12 gratuity when you use the vouchers...and we had left a cash tip on the table. Oh well. Also, this hotel charges for internet service, which, for the price of the rooms, I think should be free. Regardless, the location is great, the staff is very friendly and we would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 23 2009 	great value and location	Yes, the cozy queen is really small but that is true of many hotel rooms in NYC. The room was nicely appointed, comfortable bed, and the bathroom recently remodeled--quite nice. The lobby is great, good bar and we found the staff helpful. The window opened which I feel is very important and this room was oriented to the interior of the block on a high floor so relatively quiet (for NYC). While you may not get an upgrade, it is always reasonable to ask for a quiet room with a window that opens. Tip, don't lug your bags up the stairs upon arrival, walk around to the right and down the hall to the elevators. And I can't say enough about the location--my favorite hotel area in the city because you can get everywhere quickly and easily. We stayed for a week and would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great Hotel!!!!!	This was the perfect hotel in an absolute perfect location (1.5 blocks from Grand Central Station and 5 blocks from Times Square). The staff was friendly and helpful with everything from taking care of our bags to recommending restaurants and making reservations. What the rooms lack in size, they make up for in comfort and cleanliness. I would definitely stay here again and have no problems recommending the Roosevelt to anyone who is thinking of going to NYC.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Location	Great hotel in a real good location. Stayed with my GF for 4 nights had a great value for money deal with Expedia. (Who had a precious bad experience with). Room nice clean and roomy. Can be noisy though we were on the 11th floor.Nice helpful staff on arrival, one member of staff very rude but othe than that great. Arranged a limo for return...... ( Take change no change on arrival at airport).TIP : Dont take a lift outside airport from unmarked cars off guys ahnging around in arrivals. Guy drove off with Gf's handbag and didnt return. Take Yellow Cab and note cab number just in case. No cheaper either	
Feb 22 2009 	What a great anniversary!	We booked our trip on Priceline and paid $115 a night (cozy queen). I called and asked for a king bed and they said they would mark our reservation with the request. When we checked in I told them it was our anniversary and they upgraded us again.We had a big, clean comfortable king room on the 11th floor. The location was perfect and it was nice to have the doorman to get us a cab when we needed one. We were happy to tip but we did not feel obligated or pressured to do so.Wonderful trip.Anne	
Feb 21 2009	It was so New York	I would highly recommend this hotel if you can afford it now - since 'Maid in Manhattan' (starring J-Lo) was filmed here I understand it has become quite expensive to stay here. However, It is in a fantastic location adjacent Grand Central Station and within easy walking distance of Broadway, Times Square and in the other direction, Central Park. When we travelled the hotel was beautifully decorated for Christmas. We never ate in the hotel so can't comment on food but we did use the adjacent deli for breakfast which was very good &amp; great fun - the price is based on weight of your plate full! It is a fabulous hotel; tasteful, elegant and very comfortable. It is old style grandeur without being stuffy and truly contributed to our New York experience.	
Feb 20 2009 	Upgraded!!! For no reason!!!	Me and my girlfriend visited the roosevelt for 3 nights over valentines. We got to the front desk and were upgraded to a king superior room. OUR BED WAS MASSIVE! Nice room and clean with a plasma screen. The bathroom was a little dated and the bath was so shallow and the top drain in the bath was so low, so to have a decent bath you had to have the water running at all times, no both though, at least it was hot. Apart from this the room was so nice and what little time we spent in our room was comfortable. The lobby is amazing, nice classic marble and gold effect with a nice bar, however a beer and lemonade was $11 (a little expensive) but all hotels are. Overall we loved the roosevelt and would definately stay there again. BTW position was fantastic- 5th Ave 1 min walk, grand central 30 secs walk, times square 10 mins walk. Great!!!	
Feb 16 2009 	Great location and OK for the price	hotelbook.com were selling rates at $149.00 (before tax and service) so quite a good rate. I was here for only two nights on business and because of my schedule (and the weather) didn't get to go out too much. That said, the hotel is in a fabulous location with very easy walking up to Saks 5th Avenue, or a stones throw from Grand Central Station. This is a grand old hotel that might have seen it's day but generally has a nice feel to it. Check-in was quick and efficient and the corner room allocated was nice. The bed was well supplied with pillows etc but the same old slanting/tired mattress that you see in so many hotels these days, spoiled the chance of good sleep. The bathroom was OK but shower curtains just get in the way of a decent shower. (Why do hotels still have these unhealthy things?). Room service was good, if a tad pricey (as was the WiFi access) but my fault for not having time to venture out to the many eating places around the hotel. This is a HUGE old style NY hotel that has certainly seen the best of it's days, but has a few more to give having such a fab location. If you want an independent hotel with few airs and graces but a great place in the city - give The Roosevelt a thought.	
Feb 15 2009 	We Love The Roosevelt Hotel	My boyfriend and I booked the Roosevelt on a great deal through the Expedia website, and paid around £700 for a queen room (named a 'cosy queen' - petite but big enough) for eight nights. We thought it was excellent value for money.We arrived at around 3pm and were greeted by a friendly doorman. We were checked in very quickly by a slightly frosty member of staff, but after a few jokes she did relax and even gave us a useful tip - that calling home was very expensive from the room and that we could buy an inexpensive calling card from a nearby drugstore.We were shown to the room, which as I said was compact but very nice. There was a decent size built-in wardrobe and a dressing table. There was no chest of drawers which was a bit of a pain so we did have to keep most of our stuff in our suitcases.One thing that amused us was that they had installed a very nice large flatscreen TV, but the wiring was a joke! The hub was just bolted to the middle of the wall and the wires were everywhere.The bathroom was clean and we had a bath/shower, but it did look a little dated compared to other hotels.The best thing about the room was the bed! It was the comfiest bed either of us had ever slept in - both firm and soft at the same time if that's possible?!The room was a great base and because the hotel was so well placed next to Grand Central Station we were able to pop back during the day if we wanted, for a rest and/or a romantic interlude....The hotel was well placed for a quick walk to Times Square, a reasonable stroll to Central Park, and a few minutes to the metro at Grand Central.We did struggle to start with to find nice places for breakfast but eventually found Pershing Square which did delicious breakfasts - recommend the eggs benedict - and the Central Cafe where the salads and the sesame chicken were very good. Beware though - some of the buffet was stone cold!The only criticism we'd have is that the doormen were a little mercenary. We tipped $2 or $3 for every interaction that involved someone carrying our bags - not bad considering the distance was usually only about 3 feet!It was obvious that they all compared notes on who was a good tipper, because when we stored our bags on the last day for a couple hours, the doorman got $2, and when we went to collect them the guy who got them out was reluctant to help and just put them outside the door of the storage cupboard and made no effort to help us take them out the front of the hotel!When we left, we went to hail a yellow taxi back to JFK, which costs a flat fare of $45 (which rises to $60 when you factor in the $5 toll tunnel and a tip). The doorman muscled in and practically bundled us into the hotel limousine, saying that it was a flat fare of $55. Hardly seemed a bargain but this guy wasn't asking - he was telling. Anyway, the limo was fine and I only ended up paying $62 including tip, so there wasn't much in it. Incidentally the driver took a more circuitous route that avoided the toll tunnel, so he saved the $5 there. The journey took a little longer as a result but it wasn't a problem for us.All in all, our stay was very enjoyable and we would definitely go back.	
Feb 15 2009 	Good hotel great location	My partner and I traveled to New York in November 2008 and decided to stay at the Roosevelt Hotel after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. The check-in process was fast and easy, people at the reception desk friendly and helpful. The room we stayed in was in very good conditions, not big, but not small neither. The bed was very good, the bathroom was OK and clean. Location was great, within walking distance of the Central Station, 5th Avenue and Times Square. Only downside: the price of drinks at the bar, and of the food at the restaurant. Better off to eat and drink outside the hotel.	
Feb 14 2009 	Convenient but typical old NY hotel	The best thing about the Roosevelt is the location right in midtown. Very convenient to Grand Central, Rockefeller Center, and Times Square etc. The rooms are tiny as you would expect. Our window faced a fire escape. Could hardly put our suitcases in the room without tripping over everything. Bed was good though, very comfy. Bathroom okay, no room to put 2 toilet bags.Lift is terrible. Wait for 10 minutes at least. A lot of people enter via the basement and slow everything down. We were on the 12th floor and honestly it's better to walk down if you are not burdened by cases. Very very busy but then it was July so couldn't expect anything else. Room service is patchy. If you have an issue, don't expect to resolve it over the phone. Save yourself the trouble and go down to the lobby and sort it out there.Lobby overcrowded and nowhere to sit. People were queueing for a place to park themselves while they waited for service or the concierge. Again, it was July I know, but that's when you see a hotel at its worst. Staff seemed inured to the chaos. Concierge was very good on the other hand, knew everything about tickets, restaurants, subway etc. This is also an aircrew hotel so sometimes a couple of crews will be checking in and out in front of you. Can't imagine how frustrating it must be for them to stay here, though.Wouldn't want to stay here more than a couple of nights. If you are staying a week or so, bite the bullet and find an apartment hotel or condo for short stays. If we had to stay in that tiny room for a week my partner and I would have murdered each other probably.Bottom line: standard old NY hotel. Great location for tourists. Reasonably priced for what it is. Just don't expect anything special.	
Feb 11 2009 	Great location with some faults	My daughter and I stayed at the Roosevelt the weekend of Feb.6-8. The trip was a surprise to celebrate her birthday. We were seeing 2 shows and doing alot of shopping so the location was perfect. We were able to take the airtrain and the subway from JFK to the 5th Ave/53rd St. stop and walk the 8 blocks- very easy (50 minutes). It is also only two blocks to catch the subway at Grand Central to go downtown. I had booked the hotel through Expedia and got a rate of 118 (this included the taxes), which is why I chose it! The room I booked was a &quot;cozy queen&quot; but we were upgraded to a king upon arrival. The room was on the 7th floor with a view of the interior (this reduced noise at night, although this is a quiet area of midtown). Our room wasn't big but all we did was sleep there. There was no coffee maker but Blake and Todds across the street had great breakfasts and coffee. The bathroom was small and the tub didn't drain well but we managed just fine. Our room wasn't cleaned on Saturday even though we were gone from 9:30 until 5:00. Since we were only there 2 nights I wasn't too concerned about it, and I didn't feel bad not leaving a tip for the maid. The concierge held our bags on Sunday for us for no charge. I have stayed at the Parc Central, Warwick, Intercontinental, and Wellington and for the price this was perfect. I would much rather have the money in my pocket to spend on other things while in the city.	
Feb 11 2009 	Excellent!	This hotel was absolutely brilliant! I was nervous initially as some of the reviews on here are a little negative.Check in was prompt and friendly, although as it was for my 21st birthday i think we were going to be offered an upgrade, until they realised that what booked through expedia. what difference that makes???? i dont know!But the room given was lovely and we were on the 12th floor and far far away from the lifts so it was soooo quiet. However i did take earplugs just incase. The bed linen and bathroom was clean and it was of a really good size too. As it was our first time to New York, location was very important and this hotel was in the perfect place! we walked EVERYWHERE and only got a cab to and from the airport. Obviously you need to be in reasonably good shape to do that but it worked well for us. We didnt seem to have a probem with staff expecting tips, however do make sure that you carry lots of $1 bills, otherwise you may find yourself giving $5 for a guy to carry 2 bags down three stairs like we did!!	
Feb 10 2009 	all around bad experience	I have traveled to NY several times and stayed in many different classes of hotels, but I can say that the Roosevelt was the first time that I was ever Unpleasantly surprised at the condition of the property, relative to what I paid.Short review: NOT RECOMMENDED if you plan to pay via debit card, gorgeous lobby, RUDE staff, filthy guest areas, cramped rooms, broken equipment (windows, A/C, etc.), you will be asked directly for tips by nearly everyone on hotel staff, NOT WORTH THE PRICE. Full review: &quot;You get what you pay for&quot; goes double in Manhattan, but seeing as how I had paid over $200 per night and was staying for 5 days, I expected much more than I received from my trip (2/5-2/9/2009). That being said, I may have felt better about staying in an outdated room if I had paid a lot less, but I still wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone based on the terrible service.It was partially my fault for not reading reviews before I booked the hotel, which all seem to echo my same problems. I think that a lot of the reviewers on Trip Advisor must have stayed in my same room!Pros:- location, proximity to Grand Central/Midtown Manhattan- beautiful lobby- comfortable bedCons: - doormen are pushy and rude and will demand a tip for opening your taxi door (I saw this happen to other people too and when one person apologized that he didn't have any cash, the doorman gave him directions to the nearest ATM and told him what his shift hours were!)- the arcade (shopping mall) that is on the ground floor of the hotel closes in the early evening and after it closes, there is no elevator service from the 1st floor. You HAVE to climb/carry your bags up 2 flights of stairs. (note for travelers who have problems with stairs)- no offer of assistance with taking luggage up the stairs. For me, it wasn't a problem since I only had small bags, but if someone had larger luggage, they'd have to make several trips- front desk staff was very rude, right from the start. I made my reservation by telephone, and when I checked in it looked like I had made 2 reservations and initially the woman at the front desk wanted to charge me a 'late cancellation fee' for not needing the 2nd room. After standing my ground and refusing to pay for it, she relented and checked me in. - I was planning to use my debit card for payment and initially was unable to because the hotel REQUIRES a pre-authorization of the total room &amp; tax amount plus $100 per day &quot;for incidentals&quot;. In my case, this was over $1400, and I have a daily transaction limit on my debit card of $500, so I couldn't use it. **the reason I include this as a &quot;con&quot; is that I worked in the travel industry for many years and I currently travel 10+ times per year and I have NEVER seen a hotel require a pre-auth for the total amount, plus incidentals. Typically, they pre-auth 1 night room &amp; tax and the guest has a right to have the ability to charge any incidentals &quot;blocked&quot; on their account (this means that they can't use the phone for long distance, order pay-per-view, etc.).** - due to the pre-authorization issues above, I had to use a separate credit card for the &quot;guarantee&quot; and make staggered payments every couple of days on my debit card to keep each charge under $500 [this is my bank's policy, which may not be a problem for other people]. However, each time I would make a payment, the front desk staff would act like it was the most difficult thing in the world. One woman even asked me to not do it and instead go to a bank and withdraw all the cash that I could and pay that way so that she didn't have to do a computer entry. That wasn't an option, so she grudgingly made the payment but was very hostile about it and at the end threw the card on the counter at me and walked away. I've never had anyone give me such a hard time about giving them money!- ALSO, each time I made a payment, the woman told me, I would have to be pre-authorized AGAIN so that a separate hold would be put on my credit card. Each time, it would be $1400, regardless of how long I had already been there. For me, this wasn't a problem, but for anyone else trying the same thing, they'd need to be able to charge $1400 x 3 (number of payments I made with my debit card) = $4200. This does not make ANY sense and no one could explain it.- Room problem: key reader in door would only work intermittently, needed card to be swiped 15-20 times before it would read- Room problem: A/C was extremely noisy (sounded like a jackhammer). Also, A/C is in the window, so curtains had to be kept open to get the cool air into the room.- Room problem: dresser was at the foot of the bed, about 10&quot; from the mattress. Cannot pull suitcase through this space. I also hit my hip/leg on the sharp corners several times- Room problem: bathtub wouldn't hold water, drain seal was broken. Very low water pressure, took about 20 minutes to fill up bath tub (drained out with stopper closed in about 5 minutes). - Room problem: TV static, unable to watch any programs- I called the manager on duty and explained the problems with my room and was scrutinized. After having to justify why I needed a room change, I was told that there were &quot;no rooms available&quot; but that I could check out at noon and I would need to leave my luggage at the bell desk and they would see what they could do. IF there was a room, it would not be ready until after 4pm and I might have to take a smoking room.- At this point, I wanted to just change hotels, but the cancellation policy is 24 hours so I'd already have to pay for the current day PLUS they charge $75 fee for cancelling once your stay has started. Again, I have NEVER heard of this at any other hotel.- Bellmen unhelpful and pushy - There was a man sitting at the bell desk who did not actually help anyone, but instead would just point to where you should stand until someone else came along. The man who came eventually was a very old man with a pronounced limp. He was obviously in no condition to haul my bags, so I carried them myself (up a set of 3 stairs) to the closet where the bags are stored. Once I was given my claim check, both the old man and the man at the desk hit me up for tips, even though neither had done ANYTHING whatsoever. I felt obligated to tip them both, since I would be back in a few hours to collect my bags and didn't want them to get &quot;lost&quot; in the closet.- Housekeeping staff needs to watch their foul language. 2 of the housekeeping ladies were talking in the hall (I passed right next to them and they very clearly saw me) about a guest who had the Do Not Disturb sign on their door and said &quot;if that [-] doesn't want her [-] room cleaned right now then [-] her and she can wait until tomorrow because I'm going on my my [-] break!&quot;- Got a new room, but it was even worse. I was basically downgraded to a smaller room with the same aesthetic problems and fewer functional ones. A/C did work, but was actually a window unit with a poor patchwork seal. So the noise from the city poured in and the curtains had to be kept open to feel the air. Card reader in the door was spotty. - Hallways were FILTHY. The edges of the rugs had not been vacuumed in a very long time -- the dark green carpets showed the dust too well. Entire hallway smelled like musty garbage.- Rooms were very dingy and dusty, not well-cleaned. The crown moldings looked horribly beat-up and the wallpaper was peeling. - elevators were slow and rickety. I feel fortunate that we didn't get trapped!- Would have been nice: if the lights in the hallway weren't so bright. They shine in the room at night under the door and through peep hole and lighten up the whole place. (this is in addition to all the city light coming in the window because the curtains can't be closed).- Would have been nice: if there were more pillow options. The pillows on the bed were all extra firm, and I ended up with a neck ache every morning. I would NOT ever stay again. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who plans to stay for several days. If there was a tremendous deal, say $120 a night, and you're only there for a day or two, then it might be a fair trade for the hassle. But the staff here really dragged down my entire trip this time.	
Feb 10 2009 	Rooms Are Basic	My wife went for a conference and I came up a couple of days later. The rooms are a nice size but the amenities are few. No Coffee maker in the room. The ironing board was never put away and the beds were just straightened, not changed. The bath room is small. There is no separate vanity and no counter space. It is a pedestal sink. Good for a couple of nights but not for a long stay.	
Feb 10 2009 	Fab location	We stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel from 2nd Feb till the 7th Feb 2009. We got a taxi from JFK which including tolls came to just under $50. We arrived at the hotel at about 4.30-5pm joined the small queue to check in. Check in was really easy just give your name show some photo ID (passport) and they need a credit card to authorise for any incidentals. I only had my bank card so handed that over but nothing was charged. We were booked into a cozy room but were upgraded at check in to a superior room. Sounds good but the only difference is the room is slightly bigger and has 2 double beds. The beds were really comfy if not slightly small , but we have a big bed at home so could just be us. The bathroom was compact but perfectly fine. The hotel is incredibly warm so we had to have the air on nearly all the time but you get used to it. Our room was on the 16th floor it was cleaned everyday and we had fresh towels everyday. This hotel is ideal if you are going to be out exploring New york everything is within walking distance and grand central station is just across the road. We didn't eat in the hotel although it did look nice we ate out as it was cheaper. When it was time to leave we checked out which just involved us handing over our door key and asked the doorman to order us a car, we got a lincoln town car back to JFK which was $60 including tip.	
Feb 6 2009 	This hotel practices credit card fraud	Stayed there 12-26-2008 for the Mid-Winter Special for $209 including room and breakfast buffet for two. The checkout bill correctly had the $209 + taxes. Later my credit card had another $56 as a second charge. WELL ... after several phone calls and being hung up on by rude staff (everyone who works there is miserable). They charged me another $56 for breakfast that was already included. After wasting too much time on phone I file a Dispute with AMEX and that takes 2 months to get money and is a hassle. I spoke to a lady Pearl in Accounting Dept ... who does not return phone calls and is basically a liar.Now that I think of it it is 2nd time this has happened here .... I think it is a part of their routine	
Feb 3 2009 	Fabulous location and great hotel!	My partner and I stayed here from the 17th Jan for a week. It was a perfect place to stay!The only drawback was on the last day, they stored our luggage, and when we went to get them to go to the airport, They said &quot;this service is free, however a gratuatary tip is often given&quot; All her did was carry my case down one flight of stairs (3 in total) and then made to feel uncomfortable when we were resting in the lobby afterwards and as we left.Anyway, DONT LET THAT PUT YOU OFF......The hotel is in a perfect location for Times Square, Central Park, 5th Avenue, Bloomingdales, Macy's and the main sights! Times square was only a 10 minute walk, and that was walking slowly. Walking up 5th Ave to central park was about 20 minutes, or about 5 hours if you stop in the shops.Metlife building is litterally accross the road where you can get to Grand Central, or, if you go out of the main door of the hotel, straight accross the road is a tiny entrance to Grand Central!! You would nt notice it unless you where next to it.The room was clean and a good size. with a nice plasma HD tv, but when in new york do you spend it in the room?? The only time we did was to recharge batteries on the camara and legs.The maids were friendly and always said hello and reception staff were pleasent, so i do not know what other people are on about!Ask for a high floor, then you get better views. We had a view of the rockerfella.	
Feb 2 2009 	Positive:Location----Negative:Staff	There are a few good things about this hotel. The location and the breakfast buffet are both terrific. You won't have to rely on the subway or taxi to get you anywhere. So much is within walking distance...the Minskoff Theater where Lion King is playing, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, etc. The lobby of this hotel is jaw-dropping gorgeous.There's a great pizza place on 55 W. 45th St. called Little Italy pizza parlor. Delicious!!Also a very good Irish Pub down the street.Like most New York hotels-- the room is small, but even the Superior rooms are very small at the Roosevelt and the bathrooms are uncomfortably cramped and in need of a renovation. Despite the many elevators, they are slow and cramped full. If you're on the 6th or 7th floor, be prepared to wait awhile...as there are about 19 floors in this hotel. Food from Room service is not good and they will not call you if something is not available, they just substitute something else. I'm not a picky eater, and it was not a good meal especially for the price.Perhaps the most disappointing thing about the Roosevelt Hotel is the staff. The room size and condition can be forgiven, but not the overall attitude of the people working there. There are many people who just can't be pleased and I'm sure it's not easy for staff to deal with that day in and day out. However, I believe most people like myself, just appreciate a friendly greeting and people who actually take pride in their job and place of work. You don't see this at the Roosevelt. Even the people working the breakfast buffet...although efficient, they never smiled and seemed miserable.Front desk service is slow as molasses and not organized. Bell hops are too busy chatting amongst themselves to help you unless you're dressed in a fur and will tip well. Maids hover and rush you...asking when you are checking out.Just read some of the reviews below...and these comments are just from January alone.....&quot;Cranky door man, staff not very friendly, Worst Customer service EVER!, staff not very helpful and always in a bad mood.&quot;Whoever runs the show at the Roosevelt should thank their lucky stars for their location, because that is one of the few things the hotel has going for it.	
Jan 26 2009 	Ask yourself what you want in a NYC hotel and this place ticks every box.	I just got back from 6 nights and I am so glad I booked it and didn't listen to the negative reviews on here. Ask yourself what you want from a NYC hotel and the Roosevelt ticks all the boxes. 1] Location: you don't need to use the subway. This place is within walking distance of all the major attractions. 2] Safety: It is located within a busy area at the heart of NY so no matter the time you always feel safe.3] Room size: The rooms are fair for NY where everything is generally small. If you will use it as a crash pad it will suit your needs completely.4] Staff: Generally pleasant. Others have complained about the cleaning staff but I found them to be outstanding. You also never get pressured to leave the room. If you have a don't disturb sign and leave your room late make sure you put the please clean my room sign when you leave. How else are the staff to know you have gone?5] Tipping: I never felt pressured into giving tips. Staff asked if you required assistance and obviously you tip if you get help. But if you don't want help simply say no.	
Jan 26 2009 	Convenient location	First the demerits of the hotel : Room cleanup was abit late daily though, once I waited til 3pm and my room wasn't cleaned up yet. Room was pretty small (lacking in space to comfortably open up my luggage) Work table was also too small for anything more than a tiny laptop, I had to use the laptop from the bed most of the time &amp; eating in the room was tedious. Now for the merits (which greatly overwhelms the demerits in my opinion)The hotel was in a great location; I could walk almost everywhere from it - to the Empire State Building, Fifth Ave Shopping, Broadway. Subway was very very near as well (just behind the hotel) when I decided to head to Guggenheim / Tokyo Met museum. there's a korean supermarket/eatery which opens til late very near it if you need any late snacks / pizza (pizza was great), and generally lively area which was safe to walk around alone in the day/night.	
Jan 25 2009 	Decent Midtown Hotel	The Roosevelt Hotel is great if you are looking for a decently priced hotel in midtown Manhattan. The best feature about this hotel is obviously it's location on 45th Street @ Madison Ave, which is a stone's throw from Grand Central station making public transport a breeze. The hotel room itself was clean, the bed was extremely comfortable, and the size of the room was decent for NYC. I only have to minor, negative comments. I feel as though the bathroom could use an update as it wasn't in perfect condition and clearly showed the age of the hotel. Also, there didn't seem to be many accessible electrical outlets, which made plugging in multiple devices difficult (particularly with two people staying in the room). Overall the hotel is a decent choice and a great location.	
Jan 25 2009 	Not a bad place	We stayed here for 5 nights. The location of the hotel is perfect. The whole impression was average: the hall, lifts and rooms need refreshment. The room was rather small but clean and cosy. The bed was comfortable (a little bit soft for me). The condition worked not very well (too loudly). Our window looked on hotels ventilation system and that was unpleasant and also noisy even when the window was cloused.	
Jan 23 2009 	Great hotel and location	Excellent hotel, great location. old and classy reception. The room we stayed in were a bit worn out, however the hotel made up with plenty of old charm.	
Jan 23 2009 	Great location!	We stayed here for 3 nights and would say ignore bad reviews.I am fussy but found hotel 2 be clean and all staff helpful.We did not eat at hotel as prices were steep!Just across the road is a gr8 deli where we had breakfast every day.Would def stay again.	
Jan 18 2009 	A Great Find	I have stayed at the Roosevelt three times. Each time, I found it to be a good, affordable option when visiting New York. The Roosevelt is not a high-end luxury hotel. Nor is it a typical chain hotel. But, the rooms are clean and generally well-kept. For touring Manhattan, the location is great. It is a short walk to a number of sites and is close to Grand Central Station for public transportation.	
Jan 16 2009 	Great outside poor inside	Great position, in the heart of midtown Manhattan, in front of Grand Central Station.Great hall and nice gym.Really really small and old room, bathroom awful. Considering that I payed about 220$ per room per night.Be aware that you will be asked to tip to:1) take your luggage from the street to the elevator2) take your luggage from the elevator to the room3) take your luggage inside the deposit4) take your luggage outside of the depositThis is way too much for me.	
Jan 15 2009 	unsatisfactory service	We were really excited to go to the roosevelt for the night, we only stayed one night, we being me and my boyfriend. Upon arriving there we had to queue for 20 minutes in order to check in. This alone would have been okay but upon finally checking in at around 7pm we were told are room was still not ready. With little choice in the matter we left our bags with the concierge and went for dinner and a walk we came back an hour and a half later. There was only one other couple in the queue in front of us yet we were stood there for 30 minutes this time and slowly the queue built up behind us, meanwhile they have only 2 people on reception only one of whom is dealing with check ins. What made it worse was some people just walked up passed the queue and the staff on reception served them before all the people who had been waiting there. Anyway we finally checked in and found are room and just wanted to have a bath. Loan behold the bath plug was not airtight so after waiting 10 minutes for the water to get hot we ran our bath only to find shortly after all the water to be draining out. Naturally we called reception and were told after our evening of waiting we would have to wait 30-45 minutes for someone to come fix our bath. The man came and went to fix our bath and we proceeded to run one again only to find the man had not fixed the problem anyway we called again and after another 15 minutes we had our bath fixed. Unfortunately at this point we were both too exhausted to enjoy it. Overall it seems the roosevelt needs to be more efficient and reduce waiting time as it is the last thing people want to face after travelling.	
Jan 15 2009 	Wouldnt stay here again...	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 nights over Christmas. We had booked directly through the hotels website. Luckily I had printed out the confirmation as when we went to check in, the lady at reception said the booking they had for us wasnt for another two days. I showed her the booking confirmation and after about 5 minutes of silence from her and no apology, she gave us a keys for a room. The room was tiny but seemed clean, the bathroom was also small but was clean. There was A LOT of dust on the curtains, I dont think they had ever been cleaned. The air conditioner didnt really work properly.Room service food was overpriced. We only ate there once as it was so expensive. All in all, the hotel was in a great location but we wouldnt recommend it and would never stay here again. The room was way too small and the staff were never really friendly.	
Jan 13 2009	The Rooseveldt Hotel in NYC	Despite the bad reviews it got recently I and my 17 year old daughter stayed there for a few days just before Xmas 2008. - we quite liked it and I hardly tipped anyone except at the bar etc.- nor was asked to do so! As for it being a bit run-down, after all it is a very old establishment.A few weeks earlier I had stayed with my two sons at the neighbouring Hyatt - newer, more elegant but not not really very different! And the bathtub drain was clogged!~AWJR	
Jan 11 2009 	Worst Customer service EVER!	I have been working in Hotels for the past 4 years, and if I had ever dared to behave such as the Roosevelt Hotel employee, I would have got fired! This should probably say enough of my stay! I addition, I believe the management is poor: in 4 diamond Hotels it cannot take you one hour to check your baggage in. It is ridiculous! The fun part was sharing incredible nasty customer service stories with the other people of the Hotel.DON”T GO THERE!	
Jan 11 2009 	Get Ready to tip everyone.....who works there	When you arrive get ready for tipping first the porter just for opening the the door for you he looks forward for a tip, then we went to check-inn which was fast but room wasn't ready but we where early, we didn't mind so we gave the luggage to the guy who controls the luggae room- , he asked for money, then again when we picked the luggage, and when we where leaving same routine, even to book a cab from concierge you have to pay a tip, Greedy staff............ The room wasn't that bad (half clean mind you) comftable bed, but when you enter the bathroom you will have a shock, it's a room with an old sink and a curtuian in the middle of the room. The good thing a bout this hotel it''s in a central area of manhattan, it's in a quite area and it's very safe and the lobby is very nice which looks like a 5 star hotel. For the price we paid i think it was overpriced for the standard of the hotel we paid around 350.00 dollars nightly....	
Jan 9 2009 	Nothing special	Hello,We were in New York during the holidays and we stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel. It was definetly not the freshest hotel we stayed at. Everything seemed old, dusty and in desperate need of renevation. The amount of dust whiche we had in our room was shocking. It was almost difficult to breath when we were in out beds. Not mentioning the bathroom whiche can problem remember Franklin Roosevelt. The staff was not very helpful and they were always in a bad mood. The room service was expensive and bad. The food was cold and strange looking.	
Jan 9 2009	Great President/Bad Hotel	Priceline sold this as a 31/2* hotel. It was not. The heat could not be controled in the room. It was either on (too hot) or off(too cold). So I attempted to open the window at which point I pulled a muscle and walked around NY for 4 days in pain. The window did open. This did control the heat. Oh and the heater was noisey.In order to get the toilet to flush you had to hold the handle down for 10 seconds.The room doors are heavy and the doors slam if yiou are not careful and most guests are not. So if you are a light sleeper,stay away..They charge $15 a day for internet. Other hotels are free.The rooms are decorated in very old styles and there is nothing attractive about them. I had one small trash can and had to ask for another.I had to ask to have the smelly shower curtain changed and there was a left over mouth wash bottle given to me. The sink, hidden by the shower curtain, juts out into the tub and while trying to adjust the drain I cracked my head on the sink. I thought this was my demise. I just have a large bump.I'm happy I got out alive.Oh and when I wanted a cab one day I asked the door man if this is where I should stand for a taxi. He said yes, but just stood there too. I saked if he assisted guests? He said&quot;Well lady you didn't ask that.&quot; What a control freak. I got my own taxi and he lost a tip.The loby was nice and the front desk staff was curteous.The concierge sent us to a closed restaurant.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Location	Our dealings through the hotels website and over the phone was really good, the staff we dealt with on the phone were polite and helpful, so I was sort of expecting the same when we arrived. We didn't arrive at the hotel until 11pm, it was lashing down with rain and there was no bellman, a guy who was staying at the hotel helped us in with our luggage, and were we glad he did as there was a flight of stairs to climb to the lobby. There were bellmen at their desk and they watched this guy carry our bags up the stairs, offered no help and were very dismissive when he informed them that there was no bellman outside to help us. The reception staff were also dismissive, after I gave my name to check in a registration form was plonked in front of me to sign, we were handed our room key and told &quot;you're on the 16th floor&quot;.......in a very bored voice.The room was very shabby and we actually thought they had given us the wrong room. We booked a superior room with 2 double beds, and it certainly didn't match up to the photos or description on their site. We asked at the front desk (a different person than before) to check we were in the right room and was told in the same indifferent, bored voice that &quot;yes, it's a superior&quot; we stated we weren't very happy, there was wallpaper peeling off, the enamel was peeling off the bath, and were told &quot;there's no other rooms available&quot; and then turned away from us. So great service is NOT one of their strong points, especially the reception staff. The bellmen got better while we were there and we ended up quite liking them, they were very helpful.The room was very small and very shabby, as I described earlier, in fact it was so small that you couldn't pull the chair out from under the desk as it hit the foot of the bed. The lobby is fantastic, and when you've seen that and the photos of the hotel rooms on the website it was a real letdown to walk into our room. Although we were there in the middle of December, the room was boiling. Even with the window open and the air con on full blast it was still roasting. Food is very expensive and I wouldn't recommend room service, costs a fortune and it wasn't very good either, but there are so many places nearby to eat that doesn't really matter. Another huge annoyance was no coffee/tea making facilities in the room or mini bar for a cold drink.BUT the huge plus that would make me stay there again (now I know what to expect) is the location. It was perfect - right around the corner from 5th ave, a few blocks from Empire State, right around the corner from Grand Central, a few blocks from Times Square.......we walked EVERYWHERE........the location is what really sells this hotel, so if all you want is a bed for the night with no frills and want to be right in the heart of everything then I would definately use this hotel.	
Jan 4 2009 	Run-Down	I have stayed in New York often and know it is difficult to find good hotels there for less than $200. We paid about 140 for this via Priceline. For that price, I've stayed at nicer places in the city - difficult to do but possible and worth looking.I would urge everyone to stay clear of this hotel. The rooms are suitable if you have low standards and don't mind ratty furniture and carpets. Any couple looking for a nice or romantic place should be especially weary since there is nothing even remotely romantic about the rooms - we felt like we were staying in the shining. When looking at the pics of the website, be aware the rooms look much better than they actually are - take those room pics and subtract 20 years of wear and tear. Not worth the even bargain price we paid.Btw, rude staff and poor service don’t matter to me, but clean rooms do. As for the staff, they were nice enough although the lobby was very crowded. The whole hotel felt run down and musty.Also, this is my first review ever but the experience was bad enough to urge me to write this review. Would hate to see other people waste their money on this place..	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Location and Price Needs a Facelift	The location of this hotel is awesome and the package I got with our airfare made it very affordable. However, I will caution that it badly needs a facelift, sort of what you would have expected in the mid-eighties. We had booked a non-smoking room and it wasn't available. When we got off the elevator, the entire hallway had a haze to it. Surprisingly, our room wasn't too bad for smell and we had been given a corner room which was about three times as large as a normal NYC room. My other caution is with regard to the bell desk. I had made arrangements to get a set fare car to the airport and was told it wouldn't be a problem, to return in an hour and it would be waiting. When we returned, I was told by a different staff member that there were no set fare cars available but that he had a cab ready to take me. I protested and suddenly the town car sitting right in front of the building was mine, as previously arranged. I had earlier seen money surreptitiously changing hands between the cabbies and the bellmen. Now I understand why. We didn't spend much time in our room, so this met our needs. If you plan on seeing a lot and are not concerned about hotel amenities, this is a good location and price for a home base.	
Jan 3 2009 	Good All Rounder	Had read mixed reviews about this hotel but I personally found it fine. It is what it claims to be. A well located hotel with old world charm. Old world charm doesn't come with shiny new appliances as a result the furniture may be a bit battered but everything was clean, rooms were well equipped and service was professional. The hotel has character and a personality. The lobby and liunge area have the wow factor on arrival and it's nice to sit around and soak up the atmosphere. Put on a dress, sip a cocktail (€€€€) sorted!	
Dec 31 2008 	Great location!	This hotel is located right by Grand Central Station so it makes it very convenient and so accessible. It's also walking distance to a bunch of other places such as Rockefeller Center, United Nations, Times Square, some of the best shopping places, and even Central Park if you have your walking shoes on! The rooms are a bit small, but for the value, its not so bad, considering its in Midtown. The staff was very nice and accommodating. We got there really early in the morning and after storing our luggage and went out and about, they were nice enough to call us when a room was ready for early check-in. They also let us borrow a couple hotel umbrellas as it was raining during our stay and arranged for a town car to pick us up and take us to the airport after checking out. It was a great, I will definitely stay here again.	
Dec 27 2008	No No No ...	I am travelling a lot and seen a lot of countries and hotels, but this one was the worst hotel I have ever been in.There is NOTHING good in this hotel, it's just in the good location. Hotel badly needs renovation, it's so and too old, probably never been renovated since ...Sorry, but if you have used to quality, cleaness and better service find another place to stay.	
Dec 26 2008	Jaded. Give it a pass.	Prior to arriving we were excited about staying in a real New York hotel, like we had seen in the movies. On arriving, several bellhops stood around watching while my wife and I hauled our heavy suitcases up the large set of stairs into the lobby. Only once we finally got to the top did any one of them come forward offering to help. Throughout our stay the staff always seemed to expect a tip, which I expected, but not for doing almost nothing for us. The front desk staff seemed jaded and indifferent. The rooms were small, as we had expected, but also not in good shape. The bathroom shower system was terrible, leaving pools of water all over the floor. There was no coffee maker or any extras in the room whatsoever. And it seemed like it could use a good thorough cleaning, or at least a good renovation. The concierge was helpful in helping us to plan our activities, although again he seems jaded and really didn't offer anything more than the bare limits of his job description. The brunch was tasty, but expensive so it had better be. Overall, this hotel was not a good experience for our first time to New York. I would definitely not go back. We popped in to some other hotels while wandering around New York, and most times we were warmly greeted, unlike the Rosevelt.	
Dec 18 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Ignore the Other Reviews!	Hotel was booked through Travel Zoo where it was a featured offer - superior room with breakfast. My husband and I went to New York for my 'much dreaded' birthday and we mentioned this at check-in. We were delighted to find out we had been upgraded to a suite which I later found out cost $1700 per night! The suite was spotlessly clean and enormous - we had a lounge with a sofa and two armchairs, coffee tables and two 42&quot; wide screen televisions! There was a kitchen area and a dining room area for 4 people to eat! The breakfast was great and well worth having because you didn't need to eat for the rest of the day. Huge choices of cooked food plus omelettes (the omelette cook was pretty miserable but her omelettes were great) and waffles to order. Loads of fresh fruit and freshly cooked bread and pastries. The location is great, 5 mins from Grand Central Station and you could walk to 5th Avenue, the Rockerfeller Centre and most other places. We bought a one day bus pass (the downtown route is the best) and if your time is limited this is the best thing you can do. You simply get on and off as you want. The price for the ticket from the hotel concierge is the same price as at the bus stop and of course you can pay by credit card which you might prefer. I am sorry that other people didn't have such a great time as us, but I really can't fault this hotel in anyway. Special thanks to Paulette for the upgrade.	
Dec 17 2008	Best value for your money in NYC!	My mom and I recently took a quick 2-day trip to NYC to enjoy the Christmas decorations. We stayed at the Roosevelt b/c we stayed there back in 1995 and it was ok. It has since been renovated and it is really nice. It's very clean, safe, comfortable, and convenient. The price was great too - less than $150/night which seems to be a deal based on my research for this time of year in Manhattan. The only negative thing I noticed was the room was a bit noisy. But who goes to NYC to sit in a hotel room?? I would definitely stay at the Roosevelt again. Highly recommended.	
Dec 17 2008 	Not recommended	My company booked us a business stay at The Roosevelt earlier this month. I would not recommend it. Both the bedroom and bathrooms had not been cleaned, there was a large cigarette burn in the sheets and other stains, the tv didn't work and there was a load of mould growing around the shower and bathtub. The staff were incredibly rude, barely even speaking to us let alone being polite. They seem more interested in chatting to each other than helping at the check in desk. However the concierge that came to fix a problem with the heating in my room was very helpful. Bellboys try to procure money out of you by using threatening and abusive language, and actually count their tips in front of you as you wait in the lift! All in all it was a horrible stay and I will never go back their again.	
Dec 12 2008 	Not fabulous not terrible.	Just stayed here 2 nights on a business trip and have to agree with previous 2 posts. The lobby is very impressive (especially when all decked out in its holiday finery) and the location is really great, both for proximity to tourist sites (Rockefeller Center, Times Square) &amp; the city's commercial center (for my business appointments, at least). The rooms are perfectly serviceable, but not extraordinary. Overall I feel like the place could've done with a good dusting and carpet cleaning. As for room size, I booked a &quot;cozy queen&quot; room (and we all know that &quot;cozy&quot; is just a euphemism for minuscule), so I was expecting the room to be the size of a broom closet, but was pleasantly surprised to find that it was a decent size.I also stayed here years ago, since which time the hotel has been renovated, and it's definitely much better than it used to be. I would most likely stay here again.	
Dec 11 2008 	just ok	..great location for shopping,, not a child friendly hotel but great for couples and business people...lobby is stunning, rooms very basic, holes in bed linen, dust behind and under bed inch thick, curtains look as though they have never been washed, no tea and coffee facilities...staff keep themselves to themselves but polite when approached...if you love shopping and got lots of money to spend then this is an amazing place, however due to the recent economic problems bargins were very few and far between.	
Dec 9 2008 	Fantastic Location - Not so sure about the staff	My boyfriend and I were staying in New York for sight seeing and Christmas shopping. The Roosevelt had a great location and we were really pleased when we checked in. However we found the staff very pushy and rude where tips were concerned - on our arrival at the hotel we had no change as we'd just travelled from the airport, and the concierge waited until my bf had to scrabble around finding his smallest note. Then as we were leaving we were verbally abused at the front of the hotel by the concierge for only having a one dollar bill. I know americans expect tips, and we have no problem giving a tip when we have had good service - but this guy had just hailed us a cab! That was his job! We were really disappointed by the attitude of the staff.Our room was nice, the bed was very 'squishy' (almost too soft for me) and the air con rattled like nothing i'd ever heard! But otherwise the room was good. It wasn't the greatest room i'd ever stayed in, but i've never stayed elsewhere in NY so perhaps this was excellent for this price range!Overall, the hotel was good and i would probably stay there again!	
Dec 8 2008 	Fantastic Location	I stayed at the Roosevelt for 4 nights and had a great time. The location was literally across the street from Grand Central which provided great transportation access and also lots of food options. The hotel is (if you are in reasonably good shape) walking distance to Empire State Bldg, Rockefellor Center and Times Sqare. Rooms are sizable for NYC and bathroom is not spacious but far better than many other NYC hotels I've stayed at. I will recommed this hotel to anyone going to NYC to sight see.	
Dec 8 2008	Loved the location	We got a good rate (saw it on travelzoo) for a busy time of year. The location was great for us, near transportation and nidtown attractions. The rooms (cozy queen) were really tiny, but clean and well laid out. The staff were all pleasant and quite helpful with directions and livery car. We had a drink on premises, but didn't try the restaurant there (so many great alternatives near-by). As long as you don't require lots of space, i would certainly reccomend this hotel.	
Dec 4 2008 	Hideous awful gross and rude staff!!!	My boyfriend and I booked a 'romantic' 4 night stay at The Roosevelt Hotel earlier this month and really wish we hadn't. We booked a 'suite' over the phone, only to be told that they had double booked when we arrived. No apologies given, and instead we had to make do with with the superior room they gave us - which had a view overlooking the garbage!!!!! Not only were the desk staff unbelievably rude and unhelpful, the rooms were hideous and scummy with peeling paint. But even despite the crummy room, we could have put up with it all, were it not for the horrible staff members we encountered. They seem to have a problem with young couples and were utterly dismissive and rude to us. When I asked for an email address for the director/head of the hotel I was greeted with a patronising laugh. It was only when the receptionist saw that I was writing down the names of all the members of staff to make a compliant that she suddenly became polite - the only nice words we had in our 4 night stay! Don't bother with this hotel. The less customers they get, the more they will have to make over their shabby hotel - and send their staff to a customer service course!!	
Dec 1 2008 	Giving thanks for the Roosevelt	I spent Thanksgiving, as I do each year, in New York City.I try a different hotel each time and this trip it was the Roosevelt.The Roosevelt is a &quot;grand old hotel&quot; in a fabulous location on 45th &amp; Madison.I booked a deluxe room and I am glad that I did, as peeking into &quot;superior&quot; rooms, I saw that they are quite small.I called Alan in guest services well in advance of my trip to ask for a spacious, bright, quiet room with a bathtub. He said he'd take care of it and he did!My room was just what I needed, on a corner with plenty of light, and on the top floor (18).The bed was quite comfy and the room well appointed. Flat screen TV and safe, but no in-room coffee maker or robes.The age of the crown moulding was showing and the bathroom small, but over all, this was a very pleasant room.I did meet Alan when he came to make sure that I was taken care of and I showed my appreciation for his attention monitarily. He continued to be at my disposal throughout my stay, even sending up a refrigerator at no charge.The water pressure was weak, to say the least, and it took quite some time to fill the bathtub, although the shower was fine. There is no view to speak of at the hotel.The lobby bar was a nice place to have a drink and watch people move through the holiday-decorated lobby. The food was quite good, especially the enormous crab cake. Prepare for New York prices though.The staff, especially the maids, were extremely pleasant and helpful.All-in-all, I would recommend the Roosevelt. You can't beat the location (2 blks from Grand Central) and the value for what you get.Way to go Alan!Thanks for a great Thanksgiving!	
Nov 30 2008	Great Hotel even better location	The Roosevelt Hotel, wow really good hotel, well mannerd staff and helpful, looks great espeically in the reception and bar. The room wasnt quite as amazing as we had thought when booking as room only contained king size bed, chest of drawers, desk and desk chair with bedside cabinats and of course en suite, and it was quite small but too be honest your in New York and the hotel location on 5th avenue makes it an awesome hotel great for sightseeing and getting around everythings so close - can walk too Times Square, Rockafeller, Emprie State, Central Park.We stayed 7 nights and it was great I wouldnt recommed breakfast esp not if your on holiday as its so much easier too have bagels etc the choice is endless we had breakfast once it was average.Overall 10/10	
Nov 24 2008	Great hotel for the price	Just got back from a long weekend stay at the Roosevelt. Met some girlfriends there so we had two rooms. One was a nicer corner room with a king. The other a smaller room with two queens. It was definitely on the smaller side (normal for NY, I understand) but it was not a problem for both of us to get ready at once. PROS: great location! Walking distance to Times Square, Theatre district, Grand Central Station. Hardly ever a wait for a taxi. Charming lobby. Comfortable rooms CONS: The room, especially the bathroom, was always sooo warm. It was freezing outside and the room was too warm! I also had a problem with the shower going between hot and cold. (I never had time to complain because we were so busy). Summary: I would say that it was a good bang for the buck. We got a really good deal through Travelzoo.com.	
Nov 23 2008	Wonderful	Check-in was fast and friendly....got an upgrade when I mentioned this was my &quot;retirement trip&quot;. Helpful, prompt staff. Room was great, with extras, also. Iron and ironing board, fantastic bed. I WILL stay there again. An exceptional location.	
Nov 23 2008 	FANTASTIC - WILL BE BACK	This hotel is fantastic - the staff so helpful and courteous. We arrived and were were very warmly welcomed by a lovely receptionist, who informed us that we had been upgraded to a suite which was fab. Had a problem with the safe (our fault) and rang reception and within a couple of minutes an engineer came to look at it and explained to us how to use it properly. Please ignore any negative reviews you may have read regarding this hotel. It really is really is great.	
Nov 22 2008	Enjoyable stay at the ROOSEVELT	Just returned from New york, stayed for 5 days at the Roosevelt Hotel on 45th street, after reading very contrasting reports i was a bit unsure about staying there but please be reassured, my daughter and i arrived on the Saturday evening, checked straight in and shown to rooms within minutes( room 1214) it was a twin room with two queen size beds, lovely and clean with everything you should require while staying in the big apple, the hotel is a good example of a traditional hotel, it is not ultra chic, or modern but it does the job, everythin worked and the staff were all very friendly and helpful, the lobby is beautiful with a super xmas tree in the centre, bar prices expensive but everwhere was expensive,Location was excellent only a short walk from to TImes Square, Grand Central Station and the Empire state building, and for cheap breakfast you cant beat THE BROOKLYN BAGEL BAR opposite the empire state building bit scruffy looking but gorgeous coffee only 1 dollar and bagels to die for, a very enjoyable stay	
Nov 22 2008 	Majestic dream came true	The first time I visited New York. Me and my wife are enchanted. Roosevelt is really above average and the location is the best. Nearby 5th and Times Square. You can walk to Empire State, Rockefeller Center, Broadway. Good Service and nice people.	
Nov 21 2008 	Above Average	The Bar is extremely over priced ($10 for a small/bad glass of wine) and smells of wet dog, but the rest of the lobby was grand enough. The Christmas tree had just gone up and it looked amazing. The room we stayed in was a good size and the bed was very comfortable. The facilities were clean and modern. The location is what sells this hotel, walking distance to most of the top attractions and right next to Grand Central Station for the rest of them.	
Nov 16 2008 	Lovely old hotel friendly staff	My husband, two young daughters, and I stayed at the Roosevelt this past weekend. Everyone was very friendly and granted requests cheerfully, and our room was large and clean. We really enjoyed staying at the Roosevelt, and again, the staff were really so pleasant that they made our whole stay even more enjoyable than it already was.	
Nov 16 2008 	Worst Hotel In New York A	I DONT OFTEN GIVE OUT BUT I Stayed at this hotel from Monday 10th - Saturday 15th October this is my 3rd time in new york 1st at the roosevelt and last. When we went to check in we were told to come back in 1 1/2 hrs to be told to come back in another 1hr ,On the 3rs afternoon the lock broke on our room door 1045 had to move room 1049 . The safe in the new room did not work and our toilet kept blocking. we got no help from main desk not there probem need to see the manager on duty who was always on the phone at the end we just stayed away from the hotel as much as possibe.There is a good irish bar between 2nd &amp; 3rd on 47th . So to top it all off when we checked out we had to wait on our luggage to come down from the room 55 mins. they could not find a trolley. Rooms over all are very dated hole in bed sheet and not very clean.	
Nov 15 2008 	Great Location.	We recently stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel. The hotel is right across the street from Grand Central Terminal. We walked there for breakfast and dinner. There is a Rite Aid located there where we purchased snacks and bottled water. The hotel is a short walk from Times Square, Rockefeller Center and the Empire State Building. We were able to walk to most of the attractions and only had to use the subway one day of our stay.Our room was clean and the beds were comfortable. There were a few stains on the carpet in the hallway and a few small tears in the carpet in our room, but it didn't affect the quality of our stay. The shower head was loose, but the water ran just fine and we had plenty of hot water. We are a family of four and our room rate included breakfast for two. We were given breakfast vouchers when we checked in. My husband and I ate breakfast in the hotel and then took our two boys to a local Dunkin Donuts. One morning we decided to skip breakfast at the hotel and save the vouchers. We we planning to use four breakfast vouchers our last day at the hotel. We were later advised that we could use no more than two vouchers/day. We ended up going to Grand Central for breakfast and threw away the last four vouchers. I think the hotel could have allowed our family of four to use the remaining vouchers on the same day. We were entitled to free breakfast, but lost out because of the hotel policy of only two vouchers/day. Overall we had a very good stay and I would definitely stay there again. The location cannot be beat.	
Nov 13 2008	Consistently good and friendly	I have found the reviews here to be helpful, so I am just returning the favor.I recently moved to upstate New York and travel to NYC fairly frequently for short stays.I have stayed at the Roosevelt several times. I have stayed with my 2 daughters as older teens /twenties , with my husband, as well as solo. Despite a few problems (which were quickly and cheerfully corrected) I gotta say I really like this hotel. It has a nice &quot;feel&quot;.The lobby is wonderful in the &quot;grand old&quot; sense, the location is perfect if you are using Grand Central station for comings and goings, it is safe and friendly even for a woman traveling solo, the bar is welcoming and the bartenders know their stuff. The food is quite good at the hotel, but also good and much cheaper in the little diners, etc. throughout the city. Be aware that prices for drinks are high, as they are everywhere in New York (not just the City). Paying $10 - $12 for a cocktail or glass of wine is no biggie. I generally pay $150 - $225 US to stay here, and if I can't get a room at that price, I look elsewhere. At $150 / night a room here is a steal, even if it is of the not-as-lovely variety . At $225 / night it is still a good deal. I doubt I would pay over $275 NOT because the rooms and hotel aren't worth it, but because I know the city and where to find a better deal.Be aware that, as is the case with many hotels that have some &quot;history&quot;, rooms may vary significantly in size, configuration, view, and decor, and the price does not always reflect this difference. I have stayed in a lovely, bright, large corner room with a huge bathroom and have also been assigned a less lovely, somewhat dark room...and paid essentially the same price. have had occasional problems with the rooms- once I was assigned a room with a poorly functioning air conditioner and another time the room was unacceptable due to conditions others have cited, however, I am impressed by the response of the staff in quickly, and without argument, assigning me a different room.In my experience, check-in , check out is always smooth, altho I rarely check in or out at peak times. The hotel will gladly store your bags if you get in early or have to wait after check out for a train, plane, or whatever.	
Nov 13 2008 	Small mold blocked Fox News	Very small rooms. Closet was not even wide enough to hang my suits! Mold on walls around soap dish in extremely small shower. Not room to walk around bed with carry on bag on the floor. TV index shows FoxNews but upon entering that channel could not get. Called front desk and they said that channel was blocked and after asking why and was hung up on.I will not stay here again. However great location, but there are many other hotels in area.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great Location - Disappointing Hotel	The location of this hotel is great - right near Grand Central Station, near the UN, some nice restaurants, etc. The lobby is lovely, but the rooms leave much to be desired. While I expect small in NYC, I don't expect dirty. Terrible to feel that you need a shower after you've taken a shower. We couldn't pull the curtains without using shoes to hold them back because the curtains hung over the air vents which blew all of the dirt and dust from the curtains throughout the room. The vents in the air conditioning/heating unit needed serious cleaning. While I usually don't use in-room movies - no issue here since they didn't provide any. The cable was also limited and no in-room coffee makers. The concierge was a bit behind the times - when I asked if he could check us in on our airlines via the internet p he didn't have a clue - finally we were able to find the business center and for a fee were able to check-in from there. The positives: the beds were comfortable - and there are now comforters that seemed clean, but the dust ruffles could have used some cleaning; and, the hotel did provide umbrellas and luggage storage. For such a grand old hotel it was rather disappointing that they have not been able to keep the rooms up to the same standard as the lobby.	
Nov 10 2008 	Need to clean the rooms	I travel alot and it is important to me to have a nice Hotel with clean rooms.The hotel itself is beautiful the staff exellent but the room was horrible. When we checked in the room had mold in the bathroom, black dirt in the shower head,rusted bathtub and a huge stain in the rug by the television, we called down to the front desk and asked if we could be moved, they changed our room same floor larger room cleaner but not great, bathroom was dirty,mold, floor was filthy, did not want to move again so we cleaned it ourselves and stayed. The ice machine was broken on that floor so everytime we needed ice we had to go up or down one floor.I was afraid I was going to come home with bedbugs.I loved this hotel but would not stay again. Cleanliness is important to me but apparently not important to the hotel, hopefully they willl fix this problem so other people can enjoy their stay. I spoke to Ramon about the problem and he told me he would get back to me, havent heard from him yet. For 360.00 a night I thought that I could at least have a clean room.I took photos of the room unfortunately I dont know how to post them.	
Nov 6 2008	Great place to stay and location.	We stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel this past week and we were very pleased, the staff was really friendly. We were able to check in at 1:00 PM; our room had a crapy view on the third floor between the two towers and we could only see outside our window a flooding terrace, but we can live with that. The beds are really comfy and the pillows too. Everything was working and clean in the bed and the bathroom. Spacious closet. I think the price of the food is a little high but when you it is late, you can't walk anymore and are extremely tired, this is a good option. Food is good and service is great at the Restaurant, they go the extra mile for you.Right across the street there is an entrance to a passage to Grand Central Station and the little cafeteria Cosí is a good place to get a good breakfast.I would stay again there.	
Nov 4 2008 	Okay but a few hiccups	My husband and I stayed at the Roosevelt last Christmas, and it was a great experience. That is why I was disappointed with our stay there this weekend. We arrived at 2:45, after at seven hour drive, only to be told that we could not check-in until 3:30, despite the fact that check-in is at 3:00. The man at the front desk was completely unaccommodating and bordered on rude. He started our trip off on the wrong foot, and it was really frustrating.At 3:30 we were able to check-in to room 819. I was disappointed with the room, as it was slightly smaller and rather run down compared to the room we received last year. It really wasn't bad though. It was quite clean, and fairly comfortable.The Roosevelt is the warmest hotel I have ever stayed in! The temperature at night made it difficult for me to sleep. I had the same problem the first time I stayed there, and I am normally a very cold person. We had our AC cranked the entire time we were there and it was still hot!The hotel is very close to Times Square, Grand Central Terminal and shopping, but the area lacks character. It's an easy subway ride to more unique neighbourhoods though.Anyway I guess our stay was fine, but there were a few hiccups.	
Nov 2 2008	Terrible experience!	As most reviews were quite positive about this hotel, we decided to stay here on our anniversary!What a mistake!!!Right from the beginning we were having problems. The person who checked us in was VERY arrogant and rude!As he wouldn't give us a nice deluxe room even though it was our anniversary and we came all the way from London, UK we asked for a room with a nice view.Well, our great view(as he described it!) was right in the corner overlooking another guest room!The room itself was very tiny. The bathroom was not better either, the paint was peeling off and the bathtub wasn't cleaned properly. We went back to reception to ask for a room with better standards and were told they are all the same! Shock of a lifetime and they were charging us $400 a night! Eventually we were moved to another room,same standard but at least cleaner.Our door had a huge gap at the bottom so you could clearly hear everything that was going on in the corridors.By this time we kind of accepted the fact that we were conned by the hotel but because it was nearly midnight and we were tired there was not much we could do.AS we were getting ready for bed we realized how cold it was so we called for an engineer to look at the heating system.He arrived within 5 minutes but as he was trying to fix the heater it blew!This meant we had to move room again in the middle of the night with 2 big suitcases and no help at all!At this point I was ready to start world war 3 at reception for all that they put us through.They clearly didn't want to argue so they upgraded us to a suite!Now that was probably worth the $400 as we got 2 bathrooms,a huge bedroom and an even bigger sitting room and dining room!I would not recomment this hotel to anyone!It's a rip off,the rooms are very dated and the staff have serious attitude problems.	
Oct 31 2008 	Rude staff forced to have a smoking room	The location and the lobby/bar area is great. Aside from that, this place is a dump. Two girls at the front desk were so rude to us. They had given away our Queen Non Smoking room by the time we checked in (10pm), so instead they have us a room with a double bed on a SMOKING floor. The place reeked of stale smoke. We were told that our reservation doesn't guarantee a particular room (??). They couldn't find our reservation in the computer. I made the arrangements online, but they acted like it wasn't legitimate- it was their website!! They don't care if you complain- apparently they don't need or want your business!! They had already charged my credit card and it was late at night, or I would have left. But I'll take my $350/nt somewhere else next time.	
Oct 31 2008 	Well located hotel	We stayed in this hotel as part of a package touring America. This hotel is very well located being a short walk from 5th Avenue and Time Square. We also found it possible to walk to all the other major sites including Empire state, Central park and the ferry to the statue of liberty although I would say that this was around three miles. The hotel is a traditional New York hotel and is fairly old fashioned. As we were staying four nights and we had asked for a double room the receptionist upgraded us although this didn't seem particularly special we did get a sneak look into some of the other rooms and were then quite happy with what we had been given. Rooms are small and fairly basic but are generally clean and surprisingly quiet considering you are in the middle of New York. It is hard to give an opinion on this hotel as I believe it is a victim of its traditional decor and design which does at least provide a good atmosphere of old style New York but also can look shabby. I probably would recommend this hotel but with a little reservation.	
Oct 28 2008 	Nice hotel	After trawling through the Manhattan hotel reviews, we picked this one as it seemed to have more positive reviews than others. It is in a good location and easy to get hold of taxis, buses and subways.When we arrived about midday our room wasn't ready, we were told we were 24th in line for a room. There was no problem leaving our cases with the porter while we went out to explore, and our room was ready when we got back; they had told us to come back in a couple of hours and we did. There was no problem, either, looking after our cases when we checked out too because we didn't leave New York until much later in the day.We booked a CozyQueen, but when I told them it was our anniversary (true!) they upgraded us to a room with a king-size bed on the 6th floor. It was a nice good size room with an unspectacular view from the window.The weather was hot (low 70's in October!) and the air-conditioning was noisey. The choice was to have it on and be kept awake or turn it off and be baking hot. You could switch it on Low or High but both settings were noisey.The room was a good size and so was the bathroom. A small complaint about the bathroom was that the basin had a large crack in it, which didn't make it very hygenic. Also there was mold growing on the grouting of a few of the tiles around the bath, and the bath itself seemed to be pockmarked. Nothing very much to complain about, but the room wasn't cheap and I would expect better.We had good water pressure, but I overheard another guest in the lift say that on their floor higher up there was practically no pressure. The hotel did announce they were turning off the hot water for some maintenance during the day so that could have been part of the reason.The hotel has a Business Centre where you can use the Internet, but at a price. It was USD10.00 for 30 minutes or you could use it with a credit card where the minimum charge was USD3.00.Overall, a nice hotel where I would be happy to stay again.	
Oct 24 2008 	World class	In short, this hotel is a dream come true. From the 16th to the 23rd of December last year my partner and I stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel NYC. Entering the hotel is like entering the set of a romantic movie. As you walk up the staircase into the lobby you are greeted by a beautifully decorated Christmas tree and a host of friendly staff and guests. The whole atmosphere sent butterflies to my stomach. I had looked forward to this trip so much, I was afraid encase I had set my expectations too high and was almost anticipating an anticlimax, but to my delight it was everything I had hoped it would be and more.After an extremely quick check in, (I mean literally 1 min), we made our way to the lift to take us to our new home for the week. Again there was a lovely surprise for us as we waited for the lift, some complimentary egg nog to further intensive the Christmas spirit.As we ascended to our room I could not have felt happier or more excited about the forthcoming week. This was most definitely not going to be any ordinary trip. I can honestly say I’ve never been so far away from home and yet, felt so at home, (if that makes sense).We had booked to stay in the petite room and it was exactly that, however it was more than comfortable and the way in which the cleaning staff made up the rooms each day is to be highly commended. Every single day without fail, we were equipped with new towels and toiletries and the beds were always made to perfection, and that was in addition to the friendliness and politeness of the staff.In this review I must also mention the time and effort that the staff at the front desk put in to making our stay as enjoyable and fun packed as possible. We never felt lost. There was always a smiley face wanting to help, from Broadway tickets to the most time efficient ways of sight seeing, because let’s be honest, it’s NY and there is almost too much to do. By the end of the week we were almost experts of where to go and what to see.MOST IMPORTANT!!!!!!!!!!!DO NOT TAKE THE BLUE SHUTTLE BUS!!!!!!!!!!!!We booked out tickets in advance and the service they provided was adequate from the airport to the hotel; however the more important trip, getting us to the airport in time for our flight home was disastrous!!!!!!! The disastrous part being that they didn’t turn up. We booked our bus an hour earlier than we needed to just encase anything should happen and I’m so glad we did. Our panic was short lived however, as you guessed it, lol, the Roosevelt staff came to the rescue and offered us the hotel car to take us to the airport. It was actually the door staff who sorted this problem for us. Although I don’t know the man’s name he really was a gentleman and did everything in his power to help us. He is a credit to that hotel. We did have to pay for the car but it was only $70 to Newark and when the average taxi is $50 and it meant we didn’t miss our flight I thought this was more than reasonable. The car was most comfortable and it was the perfect end to a most memorable and romantic holiday. Few Additional PointsDef do Woodbury CommonsDef do Madame TaussaudsDef do a couple of Broadway showsDef do The Statue of LibertyDef do Ellis IslandDef do The Empire State BuildingDef SHOPAnd appreciate your time there because it will fly in, unfortunately.AND DEF DON’T TAKE THE BLUE SHUTTLE BUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 23 2008	very good hotel. big rooms. great service	location is great (45th and madison). 5 min from times sq.big room, nice bath.the hotel is renovated and is &quot;Old style&quot;, but very shiqu and clasic.the doormans were very helpful and volontiered themselvs to help.dont take their car to the airport. my driver tried to rip me off after the doorman said i'd have to pay a certien price (55$) he tried to take some more.overall - very good place.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great stay!!!!!	We stayed at the Roosevelt over the weekend and it was great. At first I was hesitate to stay due to the recent dissatisfied reviews that were placed. I'm glad we didn't listen to the reviews because we had a great weekend. This was our second time staying at the Roosevelt and the first was also great. The moment you pull up to the curb you assisted with your bags and the car valet parked. We arrived three hours before check in and expected to just have our bags held and do some shopping until check in, but they had a room already available and checked us in immediately. Armondo at the front desk was terrific and a great help. We had drinks in the lobby and the martini's were excellent. Our room was clean and very roomy for NYC. The mattresses are new pillow top mattresses that are super comfy. We were on the 18th floor and had a view of the chrysler building which was nice. When we checked out on Sunday they held our bags and gifts that we bought in a secure room until we regretablely left for the day. From beginning to end we had a great stay at the Roosevelt and would not hesitate to book again. If your looking for a beautiful, clean hotel with a great location choose the Roosevelt you won't be disappointed.	
Oct 17 2008	Awful experience	I really didn't like this hotel. The receptionist was really rude when she checked us in, and couldn't even bring herself to apologise when she put us in the wrong room. She just snapped and told us to 'find somewhere else if we aren't happy'. The manager and other male receptionists weren't much better either. So we decided just to put up with it and go and have a look at the rooms. Man, did we get a shock. The rooms are ugly and old, ditto the bathrooms. There was even green mould around the toilet. Really disgusting. We went downstairs to complain again about the room quality and told them we were leaving. They threatened for charge us for the entire stay, despite the fact that they put us in a smaller room than the one we booked and it was in a disgusting state. I rang my credit card company who said they would take legal action against The Roosevelt if they took any payment, so at least we didn't have to worry about that. The prices are a joke anyway, I have stayed in better bed and breakfasts. This certainly isn't deserving of 3 star status!	
Oct 17 2008	Loved it!	This was our 2nd trip to NYC and we stayed at The Roosevelt as a final part of our honeymoon trip before heading back to the UK. The hotel staff upgraded us to a 2-room suite which was a lovely touch! The entrance and bar areas are lovely - the rooms are a little dated and not up to the standard of the hotel public areas, but who spends much time in the hotel room when in New York!! We ate in the restaurant on our last evening which was superb - the food service etc... Would definitely stay here again + the hotel is in a fabulous location.	
Oct 17 2008 	Not so good	Great location at Grand CentralRoom smelled of roach sprayInside &quot;view&quot; (See photos)Mold in bathroomDuring shower tub wouldn't drain. Worst part is the water was brown! (See photo)Good size for NYC but for $379 I want the shower to work (or at least get clear water out of it!)	
Oct 15 2008 	Great hotel great location	My girlfriend and I took our teen aged daughters to NYC to see a Broadway show and stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel. It was a great location - short walk from Grand Central, short walk to the theater district as well as shopping, restaurants, etc. The staff was friendly and accommodating. The rooms were basic, but plenty large enough for the two double beds, desk, bureau, etc. The room and bathroom were clean although the bathroom could use some updating. The beds were very comfortable. I have already recommended it to a friend and would stay there again. We did not eat at the hotel as the menu was quite pricey compared to what we wanted to spend.	
Oct 15 2008	Loved it	Just come back after staying at the Roosevelt Hotel for a week with 2 other adults and a small child.Hotel was great and staff were very friendly and helpful.Lobby was very grand, rooms not large, but this is what I have been told to expect all over New York.The location was great, just 1 block from Grand Central Station.Had the best time, and would love to stay at the hotel again in the future.	
Oct 7 2008 	Would not come back again	The front desk representative was not friendly and seemed unhelpful. I know good service when I receive it. This was unacceptable. The price was not cheap so I did expect better than the service I received. I would never stay there again.	
Sep 30 2008	Grand Dame of Madison Avenue	The Roosevelt Hotel was named from Theodore Roosevelt. the 26th President of the US, in office 1901 – 1909. The hotel opened in 1924.I myself have stayed here several times and everything was all right. The only issue is the elevators. It could take a lot of time to get an elevator that isn’t full of guests and luggage.Right in the heart of midtown. The location is great, a few minutes from Grand Central Station and Times Square. Address: 45 E 45th St, New York, NY 10017Directions: 45 East 45th Street &amp; Corner of Madison AvenueWebsite: http://www.theroosevelthotel.com/	
Sep 29 2008 	Not all rooms are alike	My husband and I spent 3 nights in this hotel (9/25 through 9/28.) It was fine for us as we don't spend much time in our room while in New York, but to anyone who does they should remember to refuse Room 381. The view from that room is an eyesore....Dirty pipes, garbage, old bucket which looked like it was at one time filled with tar, a ladder, etc. We kept the drapes closed the entire time so we didn't have to look at it. This is directly on the other side of the window outside this room. Also, the carpet border and the wallpaper was hanging from the wall under the register exposing the bare plaster. Otherwise the room was very clean and everything functioned as it should. Housekeeping was great, check in was great. Location of the hotel is great. I did not make a verbal complaint regarding this as they'd just put someone else in the room, but did make this problem very clear on the comment card I left at the front desk when we left. As I said it was fine for us as we were in the room very little, but I really do feel it should be cleaned up.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great experience at the Roosevelt	My wife and I stayed for a long weekend (Sep 12-14) at the Roosevelt on a trip to see the city for the first time. I chose this hotel because of the positive things I had heard about it as well as it's great location in the city. Neither let us down! Located at the corner of 45th and Madison, the hotel is so close to Times Square, just a couple blocks from Grand Central Station and only about 10 blocks or so from Central Park. We walked nearly every where we went and this location was perfect for it. As for our room, it was fantastic. We ended up getting an upgrade to a suite which had so much room for New York City we didn't know what to do with ourselves. The concierge was very helpful, the valet parking was convenient and the check-in, check-out service at the front desk was very smooth. All in all, if you want to truly get the New York City feel by walking out of your hotel to the heart of the city and you want to do it at a reasonable rate, I can't recommend this hotel enough to you. If a low rate is more important to you, I would suggest just staying outside the city as the public transportation system works very well and would allow for little trouble if you're looking to save money on your stay.	
Sep 23 2008	really liked the Roosevelt	We recommend this hotel. Almost all NYC hotel prices seem high, compared to other big cities. That being said, the Roosevelt did exceed our expectations, and we will go back. Room was adequate size with very nice amenities. Very clean room and bathroom. Friendly staff. Easy check in and check out. Lovely lobby. Quiet. Super location.	
Sep 19 2008 	Great Location Great Hotel!	The hotel has a great location, about 2 blocks from fifth avenue! It is very good value for money as when we arrived the christmas tree was still up and looked amazing! The staff are very helpful and deserve tips, un-like alot of other places we have stayed! Room was very clean and the rooms are quite quiet considering the location.	
Sep 18 2008 	Beautiful Lobby	My husband and I stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel in August of 2008. The lobby is beautiful and the concierge and hotel staff were extremely helpful. But, our room on the 4th floor was not reflective of the rest of the restoration that was done on this Hotel. Our room was small and the furniture was old. The bathroom was also very small and old (old tiles and wallpaper) with taps that turned almost completely around to shut off. We had an extremely old and noisy air conditioner and our view was old rusted out air ducts directly below our window. Aside from our room, the location of this hotel is great and we had a great time in New York!!	
Sep 17 2008 	Perfectly WONDERFUL	The Roosevelt is a great hotel. I recently stayed for a long weekend and had a wonderful experience. We could not figure out who the people were leaving bad reviews on here. We arrived early and checked our luggage with the bell captain. We had a cozy queen which was larger than I had anticipated. It was perfect for our needs. Everything was very clean and the bed very comfortable. The air conditioner was a bit noisy, and we were close to the elevator and vending machines so we could hear people talking in the hallway but it really wasn't disruptive. The hotel is in a great location, close to Times Square and Grand Central (subway). We did not eat at the hotel but we did have a drink at the rooftop bar which was lovely. I highly recommend this hotel for the price. I will definitely book at the Roosevelt again!	
Sep 15 2008 	Magnificent hotel	We have just returned from a week stay at the Roosevelt hotel New York. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such kindness and incredible service before. Upon arrival to the hotel we were welcomed by friendly staff eagar to make our stay enjoyable. Also to our suprise we were upgraded to a suite (in celebration of our wedding anniversary, the suite was almost as big as our house!) . The restaurants and bars including the roof top bar were great. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on holiday!	
Sep 15 2008 	No problems despite concerns	We stayed at the Roosevelt for 6 nights from 30 August 2008.I had read hotel reviews of New York hotels til they were driving me mad - basically everywhere has both good and bad reviews. In the end I decided you can't be influenced too much by someone's bad experience, so I decided to book the Roosevelt despite having some concerns about the reviews about theft from the rooms. The reasons for choosing it were general central location, proximity to Grand Central Station, right sort of price range and size, and availability on the nights I wanted.Basically we had a great week there with no problems at all. We arrived too early for check in (1pm) but they did check us in no problem. The room was absolutely fine - two nice big comfortable beds. Air conditioning and safe worked fine, so did toilet and the shower was brilliant. Maybe not much space to hang stuff up or spread out cases but that is minor quibble.I'm pleased to say suffered no thefts or other problems. It was quiet, room cleaning fine, very little contact with other guests or staff so very much a 'hands off' feeling to it, especially when we took to getting the elevator from the lower Arcade level. Elevators were busy but no particularly long waits. The shop was useful for drinks for the night and was open late, also you could get ice from a machine to keep your drinks cool in.We never tried the breakfast in the end but had one evening meal in the restaurant behind the lobby - food was perfectly okay, I had a 'New York Strip' steak and New York cheesecake.Overall I would say our stay was a great success and I enjoyed it, and would definitely recommend it, however seeing other people's gripes about bad service etc I think the conclusion is that there's an element of luck involved in whether you have a good experience or not. I think I would advise not to get too hung up about reviews and don't get too stressed about everything having to be perfect.Oh, and I didn't see a single cockroach anywhere in New York!	
Sep 12 2008	Loved the roosevelt	To book my reservation i contaated the hotel directly..i stayed for two nights on sept 4 to the 6 for 250 per night..everything was perfect, the room was perfect, the bathrrom was perfect also. i could not ask for more.. i was very socked..i would definitely stay here again and recommend thiks hotel to anyone. also the roomservice was great..a little pricey but worth it..during the process of check out if you need a taxi they will make sure they provide it for you. i had a cozy queen.. it was a corner room so i believe that made it a little more spacious im not sure but the room was a rather large.i was shocked considering all the reviews that ive read said that the rooms were small idk..i got to go ino the room beside me and it was huuuuge..it was also a corner room.. this hotel is in the center of anything. great locaiton and easy access to subway..walking distance to times square..just great hotel for a good price in nyc.. hope it doesnt go up. i wil be returning :)	
Sep 12 2008 	Lovely Hotel and Very Convenient	I found the hotel room and the room staff were excellent. Room and bathroom very clean and attended too every morning. However my gripe lies with the male receptionist on my arrival.The conversation went as follows:-Are you checking in? YesI will need I.D. e.g. Passport and Credit Card? You are staying seven days? YesRoom 1102I have had a long journey (13 hours) and feeling very tired and not thinking ask the rceptionist how do I find Room 1102. His reply was &quot;on the elevator behind me &quot;. End of conversation .On checking out of the hotel I had problems using the bedroom phone. I was trying to contact the shuttle bus service to confirm my pick-up time ,without success. I contacted Billy the Concierge and explained my difficulties to him. He informed me that my bedroom phone was probably deactivated because I was checking out . However he refused to make a local phone call because they dont do business with that particular Shuttle Bus Company. He referred me to the local payphone(which was out of order). I eventually found a payphone in Grand Central Station,which is two blocks away. Two Senior Citizens	
Sep 9 2008 	Would go back to the Roosevelt	Just returned fromNew York where we stayed at The Roosvelt Hotel which was just around the corner from Grand Central Station so was in a great position. The hotel lobby is very grand and can get quite busy. The room we had was very comfortable and clean and was quite as we did not overlook the road. The staff were ok but the bell boys were very friendly. New York is not as cheap as at Christmas time as there are very few sales but if you look hard enough there are some bargains to be had. If we were lucky enough to go back to New York we would stay at the Roosevelt again. One word of warning the roof top bar Mad46 is expensive and full of workers and we were asked (told) to move from our table which did not have a reserved sign on. Not a welcoming place.	
Sep 8 2008 	will never stay there again	The hotel was nice enough upon arrival - old style architecture, grand lobby, etc. However, the staff was rude, I was treated as a 2nd rate customer for booking the room through hotwire. There were a lot of unnecessary references to the 'type of room' I had requested (eg instead of saying 'your room is not ready yet' they said, 'the type of room you requested is not ready yet' - I did not request anything special, just A room...).The kicker is that I had NO HOT WATER in the morning. The bath tub faucet was broken (I could not turn it to the hot water). I went into the shower, waited patiently for about 5 minutes to make sure the hot water was not coming (it never did), and then called the cleaning service (conceirge desk was not available). They transferred me to a manager, who was not terribly apologetic. I felt like I was complaining about my TV screen being fuzzy (which it was btw), not about NOT HAVING HOT WATER, a very basic amnety at any hotel. They oferred to MOVE me to another room which just infuriated me even more because I was standing naked, draped in a towel, dripping wet, with only 30 minutes to get ready before meeting my friends for breakfast. I thought they were joking! Moving rooms?!?! I ended up taking a cold shower, going downstairs and asking for a refund. They said they could not give me one since my room was prepaid. They had the audacity to offer me discount for my future stays - as if I would EVER stay there again. I hope hotwire takes them off their list of hotels. I have booked through hotwire many times before and never had a bad experience. In addition to this 'minor problem' of no hot water, the wall paper was peeling, the a/c was loud (a window unit), the TV was in fact, fuzzy, there were stains on the toilet seat, and the staff was rude. The bell boy coerced a tip out of me, which I found REALLY rude. I would have given him a tip anyways, but he did not even give me a chance. My recommendation is to steer clear of this hotel - there are much better options around NYC.	
Sep 7 2008 	Loved it!	The Roosevelt was perfect for my first visit to NYC! Beautiful hotel, convenient location, helpful staff, overall a wonderful experience. We received the free room upgrade as was mentioned several times on here, found it to be clean and though certainly not huge it was quite large enough for our needs. On our last night there we requested a change of rooms because my children were joining us and we needed two double beds; the staff was incredibly accommodating. The only complaint I have is that there are no coffeemakers in the room, something we're used to in most hotels. There was also not a mini fridge, again something that is rather common, but these were small issues and would certainly not prevent me from staying there again. These items would have been convenient, however, especially when storing leftovers from the fabulous restaurants we dined in! I refused to pay for Starbucks coffee in the hotel lobby, choosing instead to walk to the restaurant across the street and pay $1.00 less per cup! Overall, I was very pleased with the Roosevelt and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Sep 3 2008 	Wouldn't stay again	I stayed at The Roosevelt for 5 nights 27th Aug- 1st Sept. First impressions were good, nice lobby etc..Check-in was quick, given room on 3rd floor, I'd booked a Superior room 2x double ( as we are a family of 4 )RoomThe room was clean enough, although very tired and dated. The linen was clean and changed regularly, clean towels everyday. Nice new flat screen TV. The bathroom was dated and dirty, the bath looked like it had been painted and the paint had all chipped away. Didn't use the bath, only the shower.Overall, the service was good, but I wouldn't return to The Roosevelt. Spent my last night in New York @ The Hilton New York, were I stayed last year. I wished I'd spent my whole trip there.	
Sep 2 2008	Terrible Customer Service	I just want to say that this hotel's customer service on the ohone is the worst.. The operatoer NEVER (and I've called many times) tells you that she is transfering uyour call to sales, reservations, etc, etc.The reservation agents all sound as if they rather be somewhere else and they are bothered that you are calling them.Anyway, the experience would be much better is they made you feel welcomed. Not a big task and bvelieve me it goes a long way.What I dont understand is how their managers do not kow this or if they do I guess they just dont care.. because I would call my own hotel as a secret caller and feel the treatment for myself.. if it were my hotel.	
Sep 2 2008 	Average	Upon arriving around 1pm we were informed that we couldn't check into the room until 3pm, which was fine. We went through the checkin process and left out bags with the bell boy, grabbed some lunch and returned around 5pm. We went to collect our room key and were told that the room we booked wasn't available (cosy queen) but we could have another room with two twin beds instead. We explained that we wanted the room with the queen bed but the receptionist wouldn't give us a time scale as to when it would be ready. Overall his attitude was quite rude and it seemed like he didn't really care. We decided just to go for the double twin because we were tired from the flight. Not the best first impression of the hotel. The main lobby of the reception is very nice and always busy which adds a vibe to the hotel. But once you get upto the floors which house the room, the decor is very tired. Old furniture, torn wallpaper and just generally out of date. The room is pretty much the same, our carpet was very dirty, beds fortunately were very good and TV a newish LCD panel.The bathroom was again just adequate, very old decor but at least it was clean. If you can get a good deal for the hotel, then it's worth it. But don't expect much from it.	
Aug 31 2008 	Over-rated!	What can I say - we stayed for a week and it was awful! Supposed to be a 4/5 star hotel but it was dreadful. When we arrived the bell boys grab your bags climb 3 steps (not even to the recetion) and hands out for a tip! Not a good start! When we got to the reception desk I was told there was a 3hour wait for our room because of a staffing problem, When we explained that I had a migraine there was no interest - not even an offer of a glass of water! Eventually got to our room which was right next to the lift - just what you need with a migraine and the thought of putting up with the noise all week was too much so my husband went to the recetion to request another room. After speaking to 3 different people and argueing politely we were offered another room. On arrival to this one, the toilet was broken, electrics were hanging out of the wall and the air con worked only in a very noisy fashion. So another trip downstairs - by this time I felt absolutely dreadful and so husband went again to reception and got pretty stroppy. The 3rd room we were offered was only adequate - if you could ignore the grubby carpet, bubbling plastic in the bathroom, next to the cleaners cupboard and overlooking the back vents of the hotel kitchens! But it was clean! The website looks amazing - the reception certainly is really impressive but it would seem that once you are pased the hallowed grounds of recetion the rooms have another life! Given that we viewed 3 on our visit, I would guess that we were past just being 'unlucky' in choice of rooms. Most of the staff were unhelpful - to the point of being downright rude but the housekeepers were always pleasant and seemed to do a good surface job. Conseirge were great too and really helpful. Maybe the managers need to look to them for some customer relations training! We left a letter of complaint but got no reply. We emailed a letter of complaint upon our return - and got no reply. Then they sent a customer satisfaction survery (what a laugh) to which we replied very negetivly - but still no reply. We got an email to say that since we had posted negetive feedback they would be in touch - we are still waiting! The best laugh is that they still send me emails inviting us to 'visit again soon'!!! We have stayed in NYC several times but this is one place we will absolutly not be returning to - even if offered for free! Our next stay will be back to 'The Intercontinental - The Barclay' which justifies its 5 star rating.	
Aug 29 2008 	not impressed	hotel was very nice but the staff were not helpful or friendly, i found them very rude, you are in a strange country and you want to ask questions they did not want to help or direct you in the right direction, i felt i was bothering them, i found the staff very snobbish.hotel was near shops which was great, the shower was not very good, room was very clean.i did not eat at the hotel, too expensive, i took food back to hotel in the evening, but when my room was cleaned, the cleaning staff left a card on my bed for me to see about room service and the prices, i take it they saw the food wrappers in the bin but it is my choice if i ate at the hotel or not.i would not go back to this hotel again, the view from the room was a tower block, but when i checked in was told i had a nice view over looking the street which was not true,i did leave a customer form saying how rude the staff were i guess they will just bin it, that is there attitude they just did not care. i payed decent money to stay at this hotel and i expected a good service which i did not get..eat at grand central station food court which was reasonable.take a trip to china town, sample the food which was fantastic and cheaptime square was an experience go when it is dark the lights are out of this world.i felt safe walking in the day and night, new york is a must to see designer clothes are cheaper and the trainers.would go back to ny but would stay in a different hotel.	
Aug 28 2008 	Super hotel - great location	We just returned from a week in the Roosevelt and we loved it. The midtown location was so convenient for everything - we were in walking distance of the ESB, Rockefeller Centre, etc and, of course, Grand Central Station was just round the corner so we had easy access to the subway for slightly more remote locations. You're in the business district so it was relatively quiet at night - but 10-15 minutes walk away you're in TImes Square!The lobby of the hotel is most impressive. If I hadn't already been told about it, I would have thought we'd got the wrong hotel since it looked far more expensive than we'd paid. The staff were pleasant and polite. They'd made a mistake and booked us into a smoking room - and to give us a non-smoking room they upgraded us at no cost. Our room was very spacious - 2 very big &amp; utterly comfy beds. Bathroom was ok - although the shower didn't drain very quickly (a minor gripe and not something that bothered us). No tea/coffee making facilities in the room but a fridge in which we stored water &amp; juice. The air-con was a little noisy but after a night or two I found it rather soothing! The bar serves lovely food - a chicken club sandwich easily fed the two of us and was delicious. There's a newly opened rooftop bar which tends to attract Madison Avenue types but offers nice views.We loved New York and we loved the hotel so much we're saving up to go again next year!	
Aug 28 2008 	Nice hotel nice location	Me and a friend stayed at the Roosevelt for 6 nights in August, and our first impressions were good. The hotel is in a good location (near Grand Central, NY Public library, 5th Avenue - good shops and about a 10 min walk to times square). As we are from England, we were not used to the hot climate, fortunately taxis were relatively cheap to get around. Checking in was quite simple although the receptionist was very unpleasant - he tossed our key across the desk and had a bad attitude. Additionally, the safe in our room was broken, but after calling security this was fixed promptly and the security guy also gave us free breakfast! (We were on a room only basis - breakfast is quite good but I would probably get sick of it everyday - we usually just went to cafes - cafe metro is quite good for breakfast and only about $5.) Additionally the hair dryer was broke in the room and this was never repaired.The cleaning service was quite good and the maids were friendly and actually took notice of the 'do not disturb' sign - this is quite often ignored in other hotels I have stayed in. The hotel rooms were average, we stayed in a 'petite room', 'petite' being true. The room included a large plasma TV with quite a few good channels - movie channels, MTV, BBC etc, and ironing facilities etc. You should also look into the cheapest way of getting to the hotel from the airport, from JFK we got ripped off and ended up paying $90 when the guy had told us it would cost $50. Another man running his private taxi business practically ran away with my suitcase in an attempt to rip us off. Yellowcabs are usually quite cheap for getting around so I'd probably suggest that. Another thing, is EVERYONE expects you to tip them, coming from a country were tipping is not often necessary I found this strange - one guy who gave us a piece of paper with how much luggage we had loitered round for a few minutes until we gave him some dollars, additionally restaurants sometimes add this onto your bill or state that 15-20% is sufficient. Points of interest I would recommend would be to see a Broadway show (we saw Mamma Mia which was excellent and funny), Statue of liberty, Empire state building (good view at night and that is when ques are shorter) top of the rockerfeller centre is good through the day as you get a great view of central park. Central park is a lovely place too and we spent a nice day just walking round, visited strawberry fields and went on the rowing boats near the boathouse. Restaurants I would recommend are Tavern on the Green in central park (outdoor and pretty with lanterns and live music, nice to end the night on a horse and carriage ride which is from $40), Ellen's stardust diner near the theatres in Times Square is quite good for younger people too, this is where all of the waitresses are trying to make it on broadway and serve and sing - the food isn't that good but it's a different experience and a lot of the child customers enjoyed it. Overall I would recommend the Roosevelt and I would definitely return. If you have any questions regarding the Roosevelt you may send me a message and I'd be happy to help.	
Aug 25 2008 	Nice Hotel	I stayed for 9 nights at the Roosevelt this month with my wife and my 8 year old daughter. The room was big, comfy, clean ( although one day i had to leave a note to the housekeeping to clean the dust.). The furniture really needs an update. If you leave a tip the sevice is more well done, i left 2 dollars a day to the housekeeping. A nice surprise was the newspapper everyday (except weekend) at the door. Another good thing were the aminities every day, they even gave mouthwash solution. Although we were in 14 floor we still heard a lot of noise from the street, but its NY the city doesnt reaaly sleeps. I would stay here again for sure.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great stay for the price	We booked the Roosevelt for its reasonable price. It is convenient to Grand Central and Times Square. Our flight arrived early and they let us check in early, which we appreciated. We were by an elevator, but we weren't bothered by any noise. The staff was helpful. The atmosphere was more classic. A good deal for the price.	
Aug 18 2008 	It's fine	I had a quick stay at the Roosevelt this past weekend and I must say I was a little disapointed.LOCATION-Perfect for Midtown at 45th and Madison. I think it's a great location. There are plenty of restaurants around and all the transportation is close. Bryant Park (my favorite spot in NYC) is just about 5 blocks away.LOBBY-When you arrive you are almost blow away by the stately beauty of the lobby and public areas. Almost stunning. It's been beautifully restored.ROOMS-Mine was tiny indeed. Actually it was so tiny there wasn't even a desk for my laptop. But hey this is NYC. The bedding is comfortable with nice linens and pillows. There was also a great flat-screen television.Okay, so far I have only stated the positives.....Well, this is one of those hotels that LOOKS and SEEMS great at first glance. And really for all practical purposes, it's OK.......However, if they don't start to keep this place up, it's going to be nothing more than a run-down tourist hotel within another 10 or 15 years.Here's my list:-Old slow evelators (need to me modernized)-Almost ever door on my hallway had scuff marks and dirt on them. This shows a real lack of attention to cleaning.-Major scuff mark on the bedskirt in my room.-Many, many spots in the hallway carpet with rips and stains.-HORRIBE bathroom plumbing. The toilet would not flush properly due to insifficient pressure. The shower was one of the worst I have ever had. Did not take one OK shower. Once it was scalding hot, and twice ice cold. No in-between temps - even after I spend 10-15 minutes playing with it.-Staff that wasn't into their jobs at all. As an exmple, once on a packed elevator, a bellhop counted all his money while riding instead of smiling or making eye contact with guests.-Security was a bit lacking. At night, they have the evelator bank was &quot;roped off&quot; however twice no one ever asked to see my room key.If you get a good deal on the place, I say go for it. With the exception of the shower issue, I think only very experienced travelers would find issues.The hotel management just needs to get this hotel on it's P's and Q's and it would be fabulous!	
Aug 9 2008 	Good location	Good lacation for Broadway and theatres, not a bad place	
Aug 8 2008 	Great Location	New York accomodation is New York accomodation. Very expensive and very tiny rooms. I have been to NY 16 times now, and unless I have the big budget to stay at Omni Berkshire (which is a beautiful hotel - however now I tend to save the money and put it towards shopping instead!), I am always changing hotels as the prices keep increasing and the last hotel had faults that steer me away. The Roosevelt was a relatively nice hotel for the price and location. Rooms were nicely decorated and they were very clean. The location was perfect for getting around the city and for shopping! My only small crticism was the noise from the street - I have stayed in alot worse in NY, but this wasn't completely sound proof either. Its a nice hotel if you are on a budget, you want something nice, but can't afford to stay in the rooms $400+ a night, based on this, I would recommed the Roosevelt. But its not the 4 star experience you would usually get in another city or country - but hey that's NY for you!	
Jul 31 2008	Roosevelt was great!	Loved the Roosevelt. Got summer special on room for a &quot;cozy queen&quot;, but they upgraded it to king size without me even asking. Room was big (not just by NY standards), bathroom fine, two windows overlooking the city, and quiet. The location was amazing - right next to Grand Central Station and an easy walk to Times square. We'll stay there every time we go to the city!	
Jul 28 2008 	Somewhat Tired Tourist Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for one night on July 24th, 2008. This is an older hotel with very slow elevators. Location is not bad for midtown. Breakfast buffet is great, but some may find it expensive ($30). Room rate is quite reasonable and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Rooms are good sized, clean, but decor is old fashioned. However, my air conditioning was supurb. Walked into the room on a very hot day and it was refreashingly cool. Problem was that at night, the air conditioner leaked on to the carpet, creating a large wet spot to walk through when getting in and out of bed. Room safe did not work. No honor bar in room and vending machine in hall alcove did not work, so not possible to buy water for room. Hard to believe that housekeeping did not know about the wet spot in front of the air conditioner. Bathroom was small but adequate for one person. this is a huge hotel -- must have 1000 rooms or more and was built a long time ago. It could do with a major remodel, but my guess is that the owners are happy to continue with it as is, since it largely caters to tourists who are looking for an inexpensive, well located hotel. As a business person, I probably would not stay here again, but if you are looking for a well located hotel that is simply OK, then this might be a good choice.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great Location Great Smaller Hotel	I couldn't have been more pleased when arriving at The Roosevelt. It it a smaller hotel, with great staff. Rooms were simple, clean, and large for New York city. The location was perfect- right in the theatre district, and walking district to &quot;restaurant row,&quot; tons of great restaurants, all different varieties.	
Jul 25 2008 	Fabulous Hotel Great Location	I booked The Roosevelt for both location and price and was more than satisfied with the accommodations and service. The room (two doubles) was virtually the same as I'd seen in pictures, with comfortable beds, crisp white linens, soft duvets, and a 32&quot; LCD flat panel television. We were surprised when we opened the closet to find that it was a walk-in - amazing in NYC! The bathroom floors and tub were a bit dated, but this was made up for by how clean everything was. The linens and towels were fresh each day; a welcome treat after a long day of walking around the city.The Roosevelt is in a great location, allowing you to walk to numerous attractions, including Broadway and Times Square. In addition, Grand Central Terminal is two short blocks away, which is convenient for hopping on the subway. The staff were all very helpful and friendly. One helpful hint - if booking through a major travel deal website, you may want to call the hotel to confirm that the right type of bed was assigned. In our case it wasn't, but the front desk staff were great in getting that sorted out, despite the fact that it wasn't their fault.	
Jul 25 2008	Usually fine but be aware..	I stay at the Roosevelt almost every time I go to NYC for business. This is mostly because we get a special rate through our client and that makes it cheaper than any other hotel I can find. However, cheap rate incentive aside, I would probably choose to stay at the Roosevelt anyway. Having stayed here 10+ times over the last year, I have hardly ever had anything to complain about. One thing to note: the rooms are really a crap shoot. Personally, I like the charm of a hotel where the rooms are not all the same cookie cutter shape and size. But I admit that some of the rooms at the Roosevelt are small and feel cramped. I also know that some of the bathrooms have stall showers with only a small lip separating them from the rest of the bathroom, though I have never had anything but a tub with shower in the bathroom. The one time I have had a problem with my room was when I was given one on the third floor, which should be non-smoking, yet my room reeked of cigarette smoke. I think it might have been because I was on a low floor, some of the odor might have come up from the street. At any rate, I requested a different room on a higher floor and they accommodated me right away.Within the last few months they have added nice flat screen TV's to all the rooms. The carpet could really stand to be replaced in most areas of the hallways and guest rooms, but it's not really bothersome. Room service is usually prompt and professional, and the same goes for the staff in the lounge downstairs. They have also recently opened a rooftop lounge called Mad 46, which I haven't checked out yet but I heard it's nice (when the weather cooperates). Overall I enjoy the Roosevelt regardless of its few small issues.	
Jul 25 2008 	it's okay	Nothing special. I was here mainly for business during the NYC Marathon, which makes things a little bit crazy. Staff wasnt too friendly, big room (you dont get a small room for being America) small bathroom though.it' s okay I guess, it is clean and well located but overrated.	
Jul 21 2008 	Room Snafu but wonderful location	I had a love/hate relationship with Roosevelt. Let start off from the beginning, I had booked two doubles as I was taking my nephew on this trip for a graduation present. I had called the hotel in the morning to notify them that I would be checking in late due to a late flight. We got to the hotel around midnight and I was told that there were no double available and that we could have a queen. I explained to them that this was in unacceptable and they said they couldn’t do anything to accommodate us. We asked for a rollaway bed, however that wouldn’t work due to the room being so small. I checked back the following morning and night and they still claimed that there was nothing available. We requested additional bedding and my nephew slept on the floor the first two nights. They finally were able to move us to our two double on our last night there. Both rooms were very tiny, but very clean. I thought that the painting and carpet could be updated, but it really wasn’t that bothersome. Our first room was a handicap room and the shower was awful, we got the entire bathroom wet and water also went out into the room because of the drains not working properly. The bathroom was much better in the second room. I thought the beds were very comfortable and were much needed after walking in the heat all day. The pillows were very stiff and not to comfortable. Each of the rooms had a great flat screen. The noise from the street below could be heard very easily, however that wasn’t too big of deal to me as we were so tired from being on the go all day and I fell asleep in spite of the noise. The staff was very pleasant even when I wasn’t too nice after being upset over our room snafu. The concierge and bell hops were all quick, nice and easy to deal with. We didn’t see our maids, but our room was spotless when we came back each day.I loved the location, this was the best part of the hotel and ALMOST made up for my nephew having to sleep on the floor for two days. You’re away from the chaos that is Times Square, however your close enough to walk if that is something you want to spend a lot of time at. The hotel is super close to Grand Central Station and it made it great for using the subway. 5th avenue is a block away and the Chysler Building is very close. I felt like we had a great Central hub for everything we wanted to do.If the hotel could have straightened our hotel situation room out sooner I would have been happier, I wasn’t looking to be compensated or anything like that. I just wanted the room that I booked.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great breakfast with Tomas the best ever server!	My friends and I always stay at the Roosevelt Hotel in New York City when we go there for a long weekend to see as many plays as we can squeeze into the weekend. Almost five years ago, we met Tomas, who served us breakfast. With such good service, we went back two to three times per year to the same hotel and feel like family. We've watched as Tomas' son finished high school and gets ready to attend college. Through Tomas, we've met many people in the hotel and have shared the information with many friends, who are now regularly visiting the Roosevelt and Tomas. One man can make a difference in making a stay in a big city feel so special. We feel like we are treated like royalty at the Roosevelt, all because of Tomas! Stop by there and tell him that the Florida ladies sent you!	
Jul 15 2008	Fantastic hotel fantastic location!	I just returned from a 6 night stay in NYC at the Roosevelt. It was an incredible experience! The hotel was in a perfect location and was beautiful! We had a free room upgrade (I had read on Trip-Advisor that many people get those) and our room was quite large and very confortable. The 2 queen beds and the down conforters were very awesome with lots of pillows! The Bath &amp; Body Works complimentary samples in the bathroom were nice, the air conditioner worked well and our maid was lovely. She was friendlty, had a beautiful smile and was very professional. I was prepared to tip for storing our bags and getting them out, (another tip I got from Trip-Advisor), but the bellmen were very appreicative and gracious when I tipped them. When you arrive, come to the 45th street entrance and stay on the lower level, bypassing the stairs up to the lobby. If you go to the right and down a short hallway, you'll come to the elevators. You can take those up to the lobby. I struggled getting my heavy bag up the main stairs to the lobby the first night. Grand Central Station has an entrance right across the street and there's a wonderful Cafe-Deli next to the entrance. Turn right out of the 45th street entrnace and walk up 45th. It goes straight to Times Square (It's about 4-5 blocks away). If you exit the 46th St. side of the hotel, the Waldorf Astoria is one block away to your right and up one block. We were able to figure out the subway system (1st time for anything like this for us!), but walking was easier from the Roosevelt. We quickly and easliy got to Rockefeller Center, the Empire State Buliding, Central Park, Times Square, most of the shows we went to in the Theater District and all the bus tours we went on. Great location and very helpful people everywhere.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great location!	We stayed over at the Roosevelt beginning of May. The Hotel is splendid, huge entrance, very impressive. The staff was very nice and helpful. The room wasn't very big but when you visit NYC you don't stay in your room all day. So for us it was perfect! The bed was a king size with loads of different pillows, the room was cleaned everyday. In other word, we enjoyed staying there and we would probably go back.	
Jul 14 2008 	Decent hotel	Stayed a night at this hotel in July 2008 - and had a decent enough experience. The location is good, on the corner of 45th and Madison, it's definitely at the centre of things if that is what you want from your New York Hotel.The bedroom was fairly small, and the bathroom also. The bed was reasonably comfortable. The TV was very modern but the rest of the furnishing were quite old.I wouldn't normally comment on something as trivial as a lift, but for some reason the lifts in this hotel were achingly slow, and very old also. Overall, ok, but I wouldn't be rushing back here in a hurry.One thing to note- the concierge will try and sell you a car to JFK for $73 - don't take it - taxis have a flat rate of $45 + toll + tip (so around $60). And you can get a private car for around the same rate.	
Jul 10 2008 	Loved the Roosevelt	This is a beautiful, classic hotel! We found a very reasonable rate on the hotel website ($179 for a cozy queen) and after reading the reviews on tripadvisor, I was really worried. The other reviews are completely wrong! Our room was clean, quite big for NYC and had THE most comfortable bed! The bathroom was small but normal for an older hotel, and there really was plenty of room for toiletries and such. The staff were great...they were all very helpful and accommodating - they made us feel like VIPs everywhere we went. They have a nice lounge/bar right next to the lobby There's also a great new rooftop bar that you must visit, even if you don't stay at the hotel. Not only that, but you are across the street (literally) from Grand Central! It was so easy getting around town, I think we only took a cab twice and those were late at night. I really can't say anything bad about this hotel. We can't wait to go back!	
Jul 10 2008 	Splendid Hotel!!!!!!!!!	My husband and I have just returned from the Roosevelt Hotel. This was our second visit to this hotel, and I have to say it was just as special the second time around. I would recommend the Roosevelt for its fantastic location (on Madison Ave, Midtown). It seems a higher standard than the price suggests. The staff are extremely helpful, especially the concierge. We were able to leave our bags securely both on arrival (we got there before the check-in time) and departure (ours was a late evening flight home). The room was on the small side (a Queen), however, it was spotlessly clean, as was the bathroom. Although in New York's standards the 18th floor isn't high, the view from rm 1802 was quite magical at night. Our room overlooked Madison Ave, but we weren't disturbed by any noise. The one down side was that our bedding wasn't changed in four days however, it was Independence Day weekend and fully booked! Can't say any more except 'Go stay at the Roosevelt'	
Jul 9 2008 	Very nice hotel	I booked this room on expedia for a great rate of $125 a night over Memorial day weekend. I was alittle skeptical because I had read all the reviews and alot of people complained about the air conditions not cooling properly and being very loud. We did not have any problems with the air condition it worked just fine and we did not have alot of noise from it. The room and bathroom are small but were very clean. Great location to walk to everything. I would definitely stay here again. Very nice!!	
Jul 7 2008 	Really	We just visited this hotel for three days during a business trip. Although the lobby is very nice, we found our room very small even for New York City standards for the price charged. In addition our bathroom was so small there was little or no room even for a shaving kit. Other concerns were: 1) We were staying on the 6th floor and on several occasions it took so long for the elevator to arrive we decided to take the stairs. 2) While there my wife had a cold and I wanted a cup of hot water to mix her medicine in. When I called room service they said it would cost $5 to bring me a cup plus the charge for the water. I thought they were joking, they were not. I went downstairs to the bar to simply get a cup and the bartender flat refused to give or sell me one saying I had to get it from room service. I next asked at the front desk and they said try a deli down the street. Overall if sked if I would stay here again, I would say no.	
Jul 7 2008 	Lovely hotel rooms slightly small	My Mum decided to treat me to a trip to NYC for my 21st birthday and booked for us to stay at the Roosevelt. The trip was extremely exciting for both of us as we had never been to America and had only ever travelled internationally seperately, so we really wanted our first trip together to be a good one. Upon arrival at The Roosevelt , we were very impressed with the lobby and bar area that you first come across. It has a grand and sophisticated feel, but was comfortable.The bellboys and receptionists were very helpful. We checked in very quickly, without any fuss. Our room was up in the 7th floor, so we had assistance in the lift with our luggage (tipped obviously). The entrance area to the floor was clean and tidy, if not ever so slightly out of date on decor. The room itself was very nice, not particularly huge, but very comfortable. My Mum had ungraded our room to a Superior room, which meant we had a Large double bed each, with various other upgraded amenities. Bathroom was basic, but clean, which is all we could have asked for. We were supplied with a safe in the wardrobe, which could not be moved and set to lock with your own personalised code. We kept our cash in here, as well as passports, as it seemed very secure. Location wise, the Roosevelt is quite central. Grand Central Station is right around the corner and the Empire State is around a 15 minute walk DownTown. In the opposite direction its around a 15 minute walk to Time Square, but taxi's are easy to come by. The Doormen at the front of the hotel are more than happy to flag you one down. On the second night, very tired after a busy day sightseeing, we decided to have dinner in the hotel bar, followed by a few cocktails. The food was fresh and tasty, but a little expensive. Cocktails were large, as my Mum soon realised when she passed out on one of the beds after having just one!!There is a fantastic deli opposite the hotel, which do a great selection of breakfasts, I would strongly suggest anyone visiting the Roosevelt go there. Generally this was a pleasant and well located hotel, with friendly staff. I would most definately go back to the Roosevelt again.	
Jul 3 2008 	What a trip!!	Can well recommend this hotel. Staff were fantastic and very helpful. JFK airport managed to loose my luggage even before I'd landed, but i was promised that it would be at my Hotel the next day, and it was! Bar staff are excellent, Tony was a legend! Take a trip in one of the yellow taxi's, they are extremely funny to ride in! Times square is beautiful and Toys r Us, WOW!! This is a must, especially for young couples!Stew	
Jun 29 2008	Worst hotel experience	It was my first time in New York and for me the hotel makes half of experience. The problem was it ruined it after we noticed things were going missing from our hotel room. The following things were STOLEN:GHD STRAIGHTERSONY CAMERATOMMY HILFIGER CARDIGANPHONE CHARGERMAC MAKE-UPPLUS....MY NEW UGG BOOTS WERE SLASHED?????I travel all over the world as part of my job but i've NEVER had anything like this ever happen before. Plus, when we told the hotel these items were all missing they said they were 'investing' it. But they never got back to us and we had to chase them to find out they questioned their staff and they didn't find anything. That's the most ridiciolus thing...no one is going to say 'I STOLE THEM'. It's just upsetting that no one apologized, no compensation was given...basicall the hotel DIDN'T CARE!DON'T STAY HERE - THEY'RE ARE THIEFS WORKING THERE!!!!	
Jun 28 2008 	Busy central and exciting	I stayed with my family for a few days before heading west. Although there was a small problem with payment when the card paying displayed an error and the bank was not contacted properly when we got to our room it was very acceptable. Only problem was that the family room was two doubles but that seems pretty much standard in the States and wasn't a huge problem. Ice machine and vending machines in the corridors were a cheaper alternative to mini bar. The hotel lobby is phenomenal and there was plenty space to wait about - also a variety of shops, coffee and a couple pay phones which meant that we could avoid paying extortionate moblie charges from our foreign phones. The breakfast buffet was insane and the omelette and waffle chefs were entertaining. All of the staff were friendly and the waiters all took the time to chat. Breakfast was expensive and we hadn't got the deal that included it so the other days we went to a cheap café round the corner. Great location and a really exciting, busy NY hotel. There was a desk that could organise trips and a really friendly guy fixed us up with our tour tickets and recommended the best deals, prices and trips. When we left the doormen easily secured us one of their cars and the driver was once again of a high standard.	
Jun 23 2008	Great Location	Great location, 5 minutes walk from Grand Central. Lots of places nearby to eat breakfast with the locals. Tried the Starbucks in the hotel on the last morning and were really disappointed with the service and standard of drink and food, so we would recommend eating out. If you like to walk this hotel is perfect as you are in easy walking distance of many of the city's attractions - 5th Avenue, Times Square, New York Public Library and Central Park. The standard of our room was good - there were two large queen sized beds. Service ok- very impressive lobby. Would stay there again.	
Jun 22 2008 	Lovely hotel	This is a lovely hotel to stay in for a quick trip into New York. It is situated very close to Grand Central Station and is moments away from 5th Avenue (superb for shopping) and a few blocks from Times Square. Ok, the rooms are quite small but you won't be spending all day in them. They have ensuite facilities which are adequate. The rooms are clean and tidy and the staff are more than friendly. I really enjoyed my stay there for the week and would definately go back.	
Jun 18 2008 	Very OK	Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights.Good location, Beautiful Lobby, rooms older, some maintenance needed in bathrooms, halls, carpeting etc., check in quick, First room toilet would not flush properly..called maintenance.After plunging still no luck ...so requested a room change..got it right away to a room where the toilet flushes twice every time.House cleaning know about the plumbing but little is done..its left for you the guest to DISCOVER. Make sure your plumbing works when arriving at room.DO NOT GET ADJOINING ROOMS..the noise from next door will keep you up.. slamming of doors ..and Im not kidding!Be prepared to tip 5-10 dollars for storing and getting your luggage back each time...attendants always pull out a wad of bills just to remind you...these individuals are a real class act! Try the Affinia Manhatten for a better stay...thats why its rated by trip advisor ...and all of you at a much higher level.	
Jun 18 2008 	Nice hotel - convenient location	Stayed here with my husband and 2 children weekend of 6/13/08.Nice hotel, beautiful lobby, and the check in was quick. The hotel is in a great location with 5th avenue about 2 blocks away. Our room was not the room you see on line. It was obviously an older room with some wear and tear and pretty small. The tub had some nice size porcelain chips out of the bottom and the shower curtain rod was rusted. But the beds were comfy and it was definetely a clean room. Rooms were also quite and we could not hear the people on either side of us.Another note is when we got to our room, the room next to us had ordered room service and they set their remaining food out for pick up. It stayed there until the following morning, whenever house cleaning came, because it was there when we left in the morning to head out for the day but gone when we got back around 7pm, but that may be normal, I don't know, I've never come across that before.At one point both of our room keys had stopped working, but a quick run back down to the front desk and that was remedied.Valet parking was also a plus in our book.We would definetely stay here again. It is a nice hotel for the $.	
Jun 12 2008 	Character hotel	Great location with character. Very small rooms but that is to be expected in NY. We didn't care. We chose this hotel because of it's character. Concierge was very helpful. Hotel was very busy as it was the weekend of New York marathon! We did not know this until we arrived! Excellent hotel choice.	
Jun 12 2008 	Had a good stay	Had a hard time finding an affordable hotel in Manhattan. Came across this hotel at hotels.com and decided to book it. The location was excellent and I can take a coach bus from the airport to Grand Central Terminal and walk to the hotel. From the Grand Central Terminal, you can easily reach different part of New York City.The room had a LCD TV and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom is a bit worn out but clean. There is also no fridge in the room. Was given a room facing the air-con generator which can be a bit noisy. Try to ask for a room at a higher floor or one that faces the road.Do consider this hotel if you need one at a convenient location.	
Jun 11 2008 	Lovely Old Hotel	We stayed one night at the Roosevelt in March. The room was quite large by NYC standards. The bed was great, very comfortable. The wallpaper/paint looked a bit old, but somehow, it worked in this historic older hotel - didn't bother me as it might if it was just a modern hotel with old wallpaper/paint.The doormen were just wonderful - posed for pictures with my daughter. There were cars waiting to pull in and my husband was trying to load luggage quickly, my daughter asked for her doll, he began to tell her no there were cars waiting, the bellman said &quot;oh, Dad, get her doll, it will only take a minute&quot;. He won our hearts with that.We booked a package that included a breakfast buffet - I highly reccommend it - the buffet was fabulous! The lobby area is beautiful, great for taking photos.	
Jun 11 2008 	Rudest hotel staff I ever met	The location of this hotel is absolutely brilliant if you want to explore New York City - but the standard of the staff's competency and friendliness left a lot to be desired.They made a mistake checking me in and rang me at 11.45pm on my second night, demanding I come down to the reception to help them sort it out - the manager's apology alone didn't replace my good night's sleep which I needed for work the next day.My customers were told I had not checked in yet when they rang to speak with me, even though I had already checked in 3 days before, and after I had checked out the staff refused to let me put my suitcase into the storage room - until I offered a generous tip. Even then, the porter just glared at me for inconveniencing him.For breakfast, you have to cough up a whopping 30 bucks, even if you only want a cup of tea! My room card kept getting disconnected, so I kepot having to go up and down in the elevator to have it replaced.On top of it, they &quot;lost&quot; my colleague's reservation, and only a ten dollar tip made it &quot;reappear&quot;! By the way, the rooms were dark and depressing, and if you want to chance it ask for a room on a high level because of the noise.	
Jun 10 2008 	Terrible experience not recommended	I stayed in this hotel on business for 5 nights. I had to move rooms twice the first time because of the traffic noise and the second time because of a problem with the water pipes in the room. The people on the reception desk had terrible customer service and always made it seem like it was my fault that I was having issues. I very rarely complain at hotels but in this case I was unable to sleep for the first 3 nights. I didn't have my towels replaced by the chamber maid as I would have expected for this class of hotel. I also found that the porters would only acknowledge you if you were pulling up to the hotel in a limo it was trying to be an upper class hotel but was miserably failing. If you are considering staying here please look elsewhere!!	
Jun 10 2008 	Wonderful Bed!!	We got a room at this wonderful hotel for $150 CAN through priceline. com The lobby was stunning and very close to the Grand Station and Times Square (tip: the seafood restaurant at the Grand station is excellent and cheap too) And after a whole day of walking all over manhattan the bed felt heavenly. The room was very clean and nicely decorated. ( decent size, but remember this IS Manhattan so having said that the room was huge) The staff at the lobby was very friendly and we were given a two queen size bed room when when requested it.One thing though, there was no coffe maker on the rooms and the one served on the lobby ( Starbucks) was a little pricier that the ones that you can find at the street.Still it was a memorably experience and comparing to the other hotels availabe in manahattan this was a nice changep.s.&quot;Maid in manhattan&quot; was filmed in this Hotel!!!	
Jun 10 2008 	Lovely Hotel	My partner and I stayed at the Roosevelt for 3 nights during May. On checking in we were immediately upgraded to a larger room (thanks!). The hotel staff were very polite and courteous. The lobby was impressive, with a beautiful display of fresh flowers. The hotel bar was right off the lobby so you could chill and people watch after a busy day shopping and sight seeing. The room was clean and comfortable and the bed was HUGE!!!The hotel is right next to Grand Central Terminal so is handy for subway. There are plenty of places to eat near hotel and times square is only a few blocks away.I would definately recommend this hotel, and would love to stay here again real soon!	
Jun 9 2008 	Fantastic Location Great Service	Our first port of call on our America trip.We arrived here for a three night stay and they were happy to check us in early, with no additional charge. We were amazed how close it was to everything, Times Square was an easy walk away and Grand Central Station could be seen from the hotel doorstep.We ate in the resteraunt one evening and on the night before we left to continue our travels we had room service. Both meals were fantastic and the service was excellent.I have recommended this to friends and was shocked to see that when I wrote this review it was only #119 in New York!	
Jun 7 2008 	Convenient location	Stayed for a couple of nights for a business trip: Hotel is conveniently located and better refurbished than most.; not a great choice for business travellers though as there was no phone on the desk! Had to call the front desk to get one set up, which they did, but still, the whole thing was annoying. My room was on a lower floor (7th or 8th) and had zero view and very poor light, but that is common in NYC.	
Jun 6 2008 	One-Nighter	While we only stayed a night - it was great! We arrived at the hotel in the morning (10am) and we were planning on storing our luggage with the hotel so we could explore NYC, but the guy at the front desk was able to get us in a room right away. It was very comfy and clean. We had planned on staying at another more budget friendly hotel, but I found a great deal on hotels.com and saved a ton.Overall a great experience.	
Jun 1 2008 	Great Location	I chose this hotel for a 4-night stay because it was the best rate I could find ($200 Canadian for a superior room on hotels.ca). The hotel has a fancy looking lobby, and our superior room was fine, about the size of a normal hotel room, with a flat-screen TV. The room looked fine and our only complaint was a rather soft and slightly uncomfortable bed.  Everyone seemed friendly and they gave us our room early (9:30 am). The location is great ... close to Grand Central Station and a short walk to Rockefeller Center and Times Square. There are some great breakfast places if you walk west on 45th. Try Top of the Rock (Rockefeller) instead of the Empire State Building --- a great view without any waiting in line!	
May 30 2008	Great hotel for the price	My husband and I stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel for our first trip to NYC. I found a great rate for this hotel for the Memorial Day weekend and I was very pleased with the quality for the amount I paid. We were given an upgrade to a king room instead of the original room I had booked. In the beginning I was a little bummed because our room was on the 3rd floor with only a view of the mechanical equipment of the hotel. However, I think this proved to be very helpful as we were not in our room hardly at all and this definitely kept the street noise out. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was small but still did the job. Plus the Bath &amp; Body Works toiletries were a nice touch. The hotel could use just a little TLC with some of the carpet pulling away from the wall near the air conditioner. We were very happy with the hotel for the price we paid...however, if we had paid much more money I would probably be disappointed. The concierge was very helpful when needed and we never had any problems with housekeeping or the front desk. We loved the Roosevelt and it's location. It was so close to Grand Central, Rockefeller Center, and Times Square. We had a very easy time getting anywhere we needed to be in a small amount of time. As first timers to the city this was definitely a great find for the price!	
May 28 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	We got a bargain rate of $167 from [--] for a one-night stay over Memorial Day weekend. I was not expecting a lot but was pleasantly surprised and favorably impressed. We were upgraded to a deluxe, corner room which had lots of space but was somewhat under-furnished. We found the service to be better and more responsive than at many other NYC hotels where we've stayed. The bathroom is small and could use updating but this was a very comfortable stay and we would return if the price is right.	
May 28 2008 	good location	The hotel is very well located in the midtown, between the rockfeller center, the empire state building and time sqaure.Good looking hall and rooms.The room was quite big and clean.Employees were kind and friendly.	
May 26 2008 	Great Hotel great location	We stayed in this hotel for a week in may, booked a 24 hour sale rate through Expedia, and i have to say that i was very pleased with the stay. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom has been modernized and the room, towels and sheets were always very clean. The conciege and reception desk staff were very helpful and did their job very well. The only negative was the room size, which was small but enough...after all you won’t spend your whole vacation inside the room. The other couple who was travelling with my husband and i actually got a big room with a bathtub (paid the same we did), so i guess not all rooms are as small as ours. Bottom-line: great hotel, with great location (close to Times Square and Grand Central Station). Totally worth it!	
May 23 2008 	Excellent midtown location great hotel lots of charm	Stayed at the Roosevelt for a wedding. Function was superb and food and beverage was of a high quality.I had a room with 2 double beds and it was very spacious for new york hotel rooms. We were at the end of the corridor so it was nice and quiet. Great location, a block or so from Grand Central, easy walking to anywhere. Very convenient for shopping and was able to drop off things and head out again as needed.Would stay here again anytime	
May 21 2008	Highly recommended	After alot of research into New York hotels (and particularly Trip Advisor users' comments) I booked the Roosevelt for 7 nights - and was very glad I did* Great great location - next to Grand Central (excellent for public transport both in NYC and to the airports) - not too noisy either.* Very well appointed hotel - impressive lobby, surprisngly comfortable rooms (though I booked a Cozy Queen and got an upgrade to a better room) - although the bathrooms are a little dated but perfectly adequate. Very professional and helpful staff from the check in right thru to the cleaning ladies.No complaints at all and I would not hesitate recommending this hotel to anybody.	
May 19 2008 	My Tips for NYC	I had been looking to go back to NY for a while but all the deals for 6 nights were really expensive. After looking around, the Roosevelt seemed to come out at a reasonable price. After sleeping on it over night the rate dropped by about £300 and I book it. I paid £980 for 6 nights in a superior room with direct flights.FORThe hotel is in a good location for getting around.I paid for a room upgrade and I was happy with the size of the room.I had no problems with the lifts at al (Some people said they had)l.AGAINSTThe windows don't keep out much of the road noise and even on the 15th floor I could here the traffic outside.The staff who store your bags before you leave want a tip to leave them and a tip to collect them. I know many people rely on tips, but they were too aggressive with some people!FLIGHTI flew direct from Manchester to Newark with Continental. The plane was comfortable and the entertainment system on the way out was great (You could chose what you want when you want it), it wasn't so good on the way back.TRANSFERSIf you read the guides about getting to NYC from Newark it sounds complicated. In reality you buy a ticket for the NJ Transit train at the airport terminal before getting on any trains. You then jump on the airports train (Mono rail) to the airports station, you then connect to Penn Station and you are there! Its $15 single and takes 40 Min's in total. You can then buy a 7 day Metro card that covers the buses and Subway for $21.TIPSThe view from the ROCK is the best I have seen anywhere.Take the free tour of Grand Central Station and the New York Public library. They are both very good.	
May 18 2008 	The Roosevelt is in a great area	My friend and I just returned from 3 nights at the Roosevelt Hotel in NYC. This beautiful old hotel is well-located at the corner of 45th and Madison Avenue. It is steps from Grand Central Station and all of Midtown.We got a room with two double beds. The room was nice, the beds were comfortable. The decor was average for a 3 star hotel, just fine. The bathroom was nice and clean. The size of the room was pretty good for NYC. The lobby of this hotel is beautiful. It is a &quot;grande dame&quot; type of place. There is a very nice bar with leaded glass windows which was lively while we were there. We did not eat in the restaurant but we had room service several times and were pleased with it. They serve Starbucks coffee and it is excellent if you just can't make yourself get dressed and go out to one of the dozens of Starbucks surrounding the neighborhood. All of the staff were very friendly and eager to please. They were helpful in storing bags and getting taxis. The few things I would vote to improve are an update to the decor of the rooms, and they should add a grab bar for the shower (that is just common sense). The concierge we dealt with was new and did not know the basic things anyone should know who has that job (where can we change currency? asked by guests from another country, she did not know to tell them that any bank will do it).This hotel was not cheap. The drinks and the room service were expensive, but we knew that would be true. You are paying for location and convenience here, and the grand lobby.	
May 15 2008	Nice lobby - Room are OK - Bathroom is poor	The lobby is impressing, large &amp; luxury. The guy from reception was very pleasant &amp; efficacious. Effectively a guy from the reservation has been rude on the phone. Astonishing for a hotel at 500 dollars a night... The problem of this hotel is certainly the bathroom which are small and very basic. The bed is very comfortable.	
May 11 2008 	Beautiful Hotel - Excellent Location	We booked this hotel for our honeymoon. The hotel itself is stunning and the foyer / reception area is huge. The rooms werent what I expected - two double beds - but the rest of the furniture was old and badly in need of updating. It was basic and didnt have the luxurious qualities of the rest of the hotel. The bathroom was adequate but again nothing fancy or special.Overall I found the hotel very comfortable and the location was excellent, only two blocks across from Times Square. The cost for five nights ended up being the same as the total of the rest of our holiday including all our flights so regarding value for money I'm not sure - I think there was better to be had.I would stay there again and I would recommend it but I'd wait for a special offer first.	
May 9 2008	small roomsgreat lobby and locationterrible service	The location great,be prepared for small accomodations, lobby is beautiful too bad service is horrible!! everyone expects tips!!Bar in lobby that serves coffee in am costs don't think its on the house!!on top of that the staff is rude!!Room is comfortable so are the beds. Make sure to request a view other than the rear building and the heating/air condition units!! This was nothing to wake up to in the morning!! One other thing is that when we called to request missing items camera,ipod we were so rudely assisted...never did get a call back from the manager that I asked to please call me...make sure you check your items and lock safe at all times!!!!Nice hotel for the price and location but would think twice before going back	
May 5 2008 	Fantastic location!	Having read lots of review about hotels in New York, I wanted to book something that was fairly central that didn't cost the earth and was clean with our own bathroom. So we booked the Roosevelt and I was really pleased with the hotel during our stay.  It was clean &amp; comfortable, a fantastic location and the temperature was fine (a lot had been written to suggest otherwise!) even though it was hot &amp; sunny outdoors. There is air con in the room so you can control the temperature yourself if its not to your liking anyway. We walked everywhere from here, Times Square, Macy's, the theatre but if you're heading further afield, Grand Central is directly across the road, also the subway to take you downtown.We stayed in a twin room which was exactly as was described on the website, there was plenty room for us and all our shopping! The only gripe would be that there is no extractor fan in the bathroom so it gets a little steamy but other than that, I was delighted with the place. Oh and the concierge was a little unhelful - tried to make us pay above the price for our theatre tickets telling us the performance was sold out. Went directly to the theatre on the day (sat) expecting to be told the same, but we were given a choice of seats and actually got orchestra seats for the price below (about $100 less!) Got a fantastic deal for a good hotel in a great location - what more do you want? Would definately stay again &amp; recommend.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great location	We stayed at the Roosevelt for 5 nights. This was my first trip to New York and found it difficult to choose a hotel as there are so many! However I was not disappointed with my choice. The location of the Hotel is perfect for all the main mid-town attractions and right next to Grand Central if you want to hop on the underground to go further down or up town. The lobby and bar area are beautiful and comfortable with a nice lively buzz about them. I found the staff to be polite and helpful at all times. We booked a superior room - it was pretty basic and quite small but very clean and the bed was really comfortable. The only problem we had was that our room was inter-connecting and our neighbours were really early risers and really loud! So not much privacy if on a romantic getaway! However I would happily stay there again and recommend the Hotel to others.	
Apr 30 2008	Immensely Disappointed in The Roosevelt Hotel	While The Roosevelt Hotel's website boasts beautiful pictures and gives one the impression of hospitality and comfort, our actual stay at the hotel tells another story.Upon check-in, we discovered dried urine on the toilet seat. We contacted the front desk about this disgusting problem, who in turned blamed housekeeping and did not seem to care to do much to address our concerns. During the next two days, we continuously contacted several managers, who shifted the responsibility of dealing with our concern to other managers. We were promised calls back to address the problem, and were disappointed, but albeit not shocked at this point, that no one returned our calls.Additionally, the bath did not run hot water. After approximately 20-25 minutes of having the water temperature in the tub set on the maximum heat level, we were able to have some lukewarm water. The Roosevelt's solution to this problem? Sending a technician to our room well after our showers were over.If a dirty toilet and cold water in the shower weren't enough, the television only had a handful of channels that showed a clear picture, while the remaining channels were scrambled.In conclusion, don't be fooled by the hotel's website, and opt to stay elsewhere.	
Apr 28 2008	Loved the Roosevelt	This hotel was great. Check in is not until 3 but of course they were nice enough to check our luggage so we could walk around and tour the city. The hotel is within walking distance of Times Square and 5th Ave, along with many other great sights. Also, once we did come back to check in they had a larger room with 2 beds and upgraded us for FREE!! Unbelievable service!! I was not expecting this!! I would definately stay here again if I were to go back to NYC!!	
Apr 28 2008 	Excellent and Im fussy!	I stayed in the Roosevelt for five days between 8th Feb - 12th Feb and had an excellent stay. The room was lovely and clean and tidied each day. The weather in New York was so cold and coming back after a long day shopping or sight seeing into a lovelty warm lobby and hotel was a pleasure. The staff were friendly and the hotel had a great ambience about it. It was in a great location as well, two mins walk from grand central station. The gym was also open 24 hrs and was supplied with fresh fruit at all times. I'm normally a very fussy customer, but I can honestly say this hotel was excellent and I'll be back!	
Apr 24 2008 	Loved the Roosevelt! Great Location!!	My husband and I stayed at the Roosevelt 4/17-4/23. We loved it. I had emailed ahead of time requesting a room with a view since it was our first anniversary. We had booked a cozy queen on hotels.com for a rate of $162 a night. When we arrived we got upgraded to a king room with a view of the street. Lisa at the check in counter was great. Great location. Walking distance to Grand Central Station, Rockefeller center, and Times Square. We even walked to the empire state building which was about 10 blocks away. When we come back as long as we can get a good rate we will stay here again. The bathroom was smaller.. the only downside to this hotel was that they didnt have a whole lot of electrical outlets by mirrors. While my husband was in the shower I was trying to blow dry my hair and flat iron it and it was kind of hard to do without a mirror.	
Apr 22 2008 	Very Poor Staff	We booked the Roosevelt on E45th Street because it was central and looked to have an old world charm. Central it was, charming it most definitely wasn't.On arriving at the hotel after travelling from London we were told our room was double booked and we would be put in a temporary room overnight and reassigned the rome we booked (with an upgrade)the following day. We were then told we should vacate our temporary room before midday the following day, but could not be allocated the 'upgraded' room until after 3pm. When we queried what we should do with our luggage, we were told a bell hop would collect our bags from the temporary room and deliver them to the new room. Whilst this was inconvenient we appeared to have no option. On returning to the hotel after 3pm we had to go through the whole check in process again, with somebody who seemed to find us an annoying interruption to his day, and were allocated the room we had originally paid for (no upgrade). When our bags were redelivered to our room, the bell hop actually argued that our tip was insufficient and tried to intimidate my friend into paying more. When we pointed out that the reason he even had our luggage was because the hotel had messed up, he stated it wasn't his problem. Even knocking on the door after we closed it to query the amount again.Whilst appreciating that tipping is a recognised activity in NY, I have never encountered so many staff who seemed intent on fleecing us for as much money as possible. The front desk staff were nothing short of rude. The only exception were the housekeeping staff who not only ensured the rooms were clean and tidy, but greeted us with a friendly good morning each day.On a practical note, the lifts did not appear to cater for the number of guests. We were two of many who caught the lift going up in order to come down, as it was virtually impossible to get a down lift from the 7th floor.Having visited NY prior to this trip and experienced the friendliness of other hotel staff, I would strongly urge travellers to stay away from the Roosevelt.	
