Basically got a little bit of everything! And I'd get it all again. Was pretty quick getting food to-go. They even refilled my hibiscus tea a couple times while i waited. Good food, good service.Really, really like this place. Quaint, hip, refreshing place with lots of sunshine coming through and food that makes you feel good about yourself! 
I usually get the platter because I want a taste of everything! You think you wouldn't get full, but I am stuffed and I don't get that yucky, heavy feeling after! Look, best advice I can give you is to just come here and pick something. I don't think you will be disappointed. If you are, well my bad.Hands down one of the best little hidden treasures from the city. I feel like I'm eating straight out of the garden the way everything is beautifully dressed with vegetables and greens. Simple ingredients bursting with the right amount of flavor.Great little place on Ponce de Leon about two steps off Esplanade in the Faubourg St. John. Although very vegetarian and vegan they do have a chicken salad sandwich, that looks great, and a spiced lamb but never ordered because everything else looks and is so good. Only one soup and today was an excellent golden tomato gazpacho , another time they did a regular gazpacho topped with feta cheese that was different but also excellent. Then came the Falafel Platter that comes with Falafel (4 still hot), Beet and Carrot Slaw, Mixed Greens, Hummus , Pan Bread , Flatbread and dips and sauces such as Toum: garlic, Zohoug: cilantro-chile and Tzatzki: yogurt-cucumber. Everything is fresh and beautifully presented by a very friendly and accommodating staff. Very clean and flooded with natural light from the big front window. Although no bar to be seen they have wine, beer, some house cocktails but also lemonade and hibiscus iced tea. The place is small but worth a wait if you can, they have a wine shop next door a coffee shop 2 doors away or a small park just across Esplanade.The best plating for this type of food I've ever seen. I had the lamb and pork kofta platter. The veggies were perfectly grilled on an open flame, the kofta was just a bit too salty, but very flavorful, perfectly cooked just north of medium, unlike most places that practically burn a kebab or kofta. There was a red sauce with it...I don't know what it was, but I wanted to lick the bowl at the end it was so good. The restaurant is very small and a little loud for me, but had some small, interesting details. For example, the tables have drawers with knifes, forks and napkins. They also set aside a portion of their profits to planting trees in the area and tips are shared equally with the staff. The kitchen was impressively fast. I saw the felafel platters around me at other tables and it looked so good that I will be back to try that soon.This restaurant is amazing. I got the Brussels sprouts and falafel sandwich. Everything was so fresh and full of flavor.So, so so good! Came here for the mezze feast and happy hour wines and it ended up being one of our top meals of the trip! Amazing.I die for flavorful food and 1000 Figs delivered. Big time. Their falafel was just a perfect mix of flavors and if you like caprese salad, make sure to get theirs (called "tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella" on the menu). Can't say enough good about this place.Delicious! Light, tasty, and fresh. Love the salads that come with the falafel platter. I always add an order of pickles. Husband had the lamb the other night and loved it too. This is the sort of food that you feel good after eating.Small, quaint and absolutely DELICIOUS!!! 
From the masterminds of the New Orleans food truck Fat Falafel this restaurant is doing it right by keeping it simple. 
My favorites, so far are the Brussels Sprouts, Lamb Hearts, Falefel Sandwich and the Buratta. 
They don't have a liquor license yet but you can grab  a bottle of wine  from the shop next door. If you get there and it's packed don't worry they'll bring it to the wine shop ;-)Great service. Delicious, fresh and very filling food for a great price. We loved our dinner and I will definitely recommend 1000 Figs to my friends!The brussel sprouts...omg the brussel sprouts!!! This was our last meal during our 5 day stay in NoLa, and I am so glad that we came here and ended the trip on a high note. 
A tiny but quaint spot, 1000 Figs provides fresh and delicious food that is healthy but comforting all at the same time. The service was extremely friendly and I felt the portions were very fair. Get the fresh lemonade. Just do it. 
The falafel platter was good, as were the pickles, but I think we could have just survived on plates upon plates of brussel sprouts and hummus. We could not stop eating those items, I think there was even a consideration of licking the plate until more patrons came in and sat down at which point we decided to ::try:: looking like normal people. Then again, this is New Orleans where anything goes!The restaurant is small so there is always a wait during prime dinner time, but the food is worth it. I ate the falafel platter and added Brussel sprouts. All of the salads were delicious. In addition the sauces were fun to try with the falafel. I would definitely eat at 1000 figs again!I'm a big fan of good falafel wraps. And I live in fear and loathing of bad ones.
This is the best I've had in New Orleans. The best I've had in years, actually. I love the sauce, and the option to add brussels sprouts and pickles (a must, and a rarity, for some reason, at many falafel-serving joints).
It's only the second time I've had their food, but I could eat here all the time if I lived or worked closer. I like the cute little space of the restaurant, too.The falafel sandwich is so delicious!!! The ingredients are very fresh and yummy! The food comes out rather quickly so if on a short lunch break, it's totally doable!This place is a delicious neighborhood spot that will likely have long lines when people get to know about it.  The food is healthful and extremely tasty and the room feels cozy.  Falafel, french fries, brussel sprouts, kale salad and squid all highly recommended.  Hopefully they will get a liquor license along the way, but in the meantime the hibuscus tea is very refreshing.The falafel, french fries, and brussels sprouts were unbelievable. That being said, the spreads were just average. Go for the falafel it's worth it!This place is WONDERFUL. It was the first place we tried when we arrived in new orleans! It was 2 blocks from our Air b&b house. We came 10 minutes before dinner time, i ordered off of the dinner menu & my fiance ordered off of the lunch menu. We also ordered some hummus & pita. The pita was different, kind of tasted more like focciata but it was SO GOOD. It was freshly made and had little charred pieces on it. The hummus was so delicious, we ate it so fast! I ordered the Mississippi Lamb shoulder. It came with a chickpea mash, yogurt & pita. It was the most tender piece of meat i have EVER had. It was SO GOOD. My fiance had the Falafel Sandwich. He seemed to have a little trouble eating it, but he was satisfied. 
The place itself is really quiet, but if i were you i'd make an order & eat at swirl and have a bottle of wine! If i had known that they paired with them we would have done that! The restaraunt it's self doesn't have liquor.My wife and I eat here regularly and I've never had a bad experience.  Their price point is varied: you can eat cheap or go buck wild. And for you boozy people, the wine and beer selection is well-curated.  The dining space is beautiful and intimate, and though seating is limited, you can always take to go over to Swirl or the park across the street.1000 Figs has been on my radar for a long time.  I finally got to hit it up today for lunch with a friend.  I wasn't disappointed!
Atmosphere:  A-
Cute little place right off of Esplanade Avenue.  You order at the counter, take a number, and they bring your food to you.  There are a few tables inside, but not many.  We ended up sitting outside.  My only complaint was that there were two umbrellas, but that was only enough to fully cover one table.  We were left sitting out in the hot sun.
Service:  A
Very friendly counter person.  Efficient service.
Food:  A++++
We ordered the falafel platter which came with falafel (duh), salad, spreads, etc.  We added on some feta and brussels sprouts for a couple dollars more.  We also had the burrata with an herbed salad and sourdough bread.  Everything was absolutely delicious!  It was the perfect amount for us to share.
Value:  A
Prices were extremely reasonable.  Falafel sandwiches are $6.  We paid $14 for the falafel platter with additions, and $11 for the burrata with salad and bread.  
I was disappointed that that weren't more reasonably priced wine options.  $11 for a glass or rose at a counter service cafe is just too much.Best falafel I've ever had(and I lived in Turkey for over 3 years so I'm picky), they melt in your mouth!I had the falafel plate; spicy lamb and pork hummus; and the roasted beets salad.  Everything was delicious.  The flatbread was amazing too.Amazing food and great service! I'm usually not a fan of falafel but 1000 figs has converted me!Wish I could rate it 3 1/2 stars. Overall flavors are wonderful. I got the beet salad and a side of falafel. The exterior of the falafel tasted a little burnt. The interior didn't have much of a taste on its own but was a wonderful carrier for the root slaw. 
The beet salad was light but quite filling thanks to the barley. I only wish the barley were room temperature and not chilled. The chill took away a lot of the flavor and changed the texture, too. Also, I'd prefer bigger cuts of beets. Do you cut them small so it looks like you put more in the plate? They get lost in the bite with everything else in the salad when I wish they were the star. 
All of that said, 1000 Figs is my new go-to take out food. I'm so happy to have healthy, delicious, reasonably priced food in my neighborhood.Had the hummus platter and kale dip- I wish I lived in New Orleans so that I could eat here everyday! The food was perfect- fresh, flavorful, large, filling portions.Best falafel sandwich I've had in New Orleans, hands down.  Do yourself a favor and get some brussels sprouts too - they are awesome too.  Love the freshness and the flavors.  
If you are feeling decadent the fries are great either the garlic-y sauce.  Yum!!
Hint: if there is a long wait for a table you might be able to score a table at Swirl - and and they'll deliver to you at Swirl while you enjoy some wine!We came about 4 on a Saturday. You order at the counter then find a seat. There is seating for 22 people  plus a couple of tables outside. They now have a single menu from 11-9:30. Utensils and napkins are in the drawers at each seating place. There was only one person at the counter who brought out the food.  The hibiscus tea is sweetened, they didn't have unsweet tea. The price has dropped to $2.50 with free refills. We ordered small plates:
Brussels sprouts ( delicious!)
Fries with toum
Beet dip
Tomato mozzarella salad
And the falafel feast.
Toum is an addictive Lebanese condiment of garlic whipped ( e.g. In a food processor) by slowly drizzling oil into the garlic, until it turns into a stiff mayonnaise type emulsion. It's a perfect compliment to the fried potatoes which are just the vehicle for eating toum.
As others have said, the Brussels sprout salad was awesome, a delicious blend of smoky, char grilled, crispy leaves with fresh greens in a vinaigrette. TIP order a piece of flat bread to soak up the dressing at the bottom of the bowl.
The large serving of fries/toum were good, but the fries (skin on) were limp and fairly greasy. 
The beet dip might have been raw beets since it wasn't creamy smooth; they're mixed with yogurt, and I tasted a hint of lemon, salt, pecan and piñon nuts. It's then drizzled with oil and a large spoonful of their yogurt. The color is gorgeous, but it was slightly sweet and rather bland. The Greek 'pandzarosalata' made with cooked beets, garlic, yogurt and walnuts is more flavorful to me.
The tomatoes with mozzarella was good but very overpriced for a cup of small tomatoes. I guess the cost is the two slices of fresh mozzarella. It's topped with fennel fronds, small nasturtium leaves and a vinaigrette.The atmosphere here is probably my favorite, it's a rare mix of chic, casual, cozy and light. It's hard to imagine a situation that this restaurant wouldn't be perfect for. 
The food itself was equally fantastic. They served an intense garlic paste on their hummus and baba that took both to the next level. The brussels sprouts are also a must. The only things that lacked were the falafel, which seemed dry (although everyone else was obsessed) and the small portions. At the same time, everyone left feeling full but not exploding and commented how pleasant that was. Guess I'm just used to exploding after meals!
I can't wait to be back.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans! The food is perfect. Falafel platter, add brussels and baba. Amazing flavors, fast/friendly service, and beautiful presentation. Definitely visit it if you love a flavor packed meal!Finally made my way back to Figs and it's as good if not better than my first time. 
They now serve beer, wine and a few specialty cocktails. 
Food is still amazing! We had the Platter with all the add-ons and believe me when I tell you it's more than enough for two people.
I will always thank Figs for introducing me to Burrata and will get it every time. It's soooo good and they keep it simple.
Pork kabobs were delicious. There was a small mix up in the kitchen and we were told they were out after having ordered them. The waitress was super sweet and offered us the fries instead. Then she came back to let us know they still had some kabobs but that the fries were on the house. 
All in all a great experience. However, I recommend you make reservations specially on Friday and Saturday nights. It can be very loud when packed so if you're looking for quiet maybe come on a week night.This is a fresh well lit spot for a great lunch.  The falafel is good, and every other item that I've tried so far is equally tasty.  The gazpacho is light cool, and nicely presented, the beet salad is full of color and mild flavor.  The bread burratta and tomato combination with olive oil can't be beat.  The toasted bread had a very wide crumb and it's worth a trip just for that alone.  The French fries are also worth trying.Delicious baba ganooj and falafel. Also enjoyed the fries and hibiscus ice tea. The service was also very good, despite it being busy at the time. Would love to go back the next time I'm in New Orleans.Finally came here after hearing about it for so long and everything was amazing! It's on a cute street in Mid-City and it's super small in the inside, but it's cute and has such character. I went here at 3:30 on a Tuesday and they still had their daily specials which included the discounts of a $4 falafel sandwich (normally $6) and $8 platter (normally $12). We also got the fries and Brussel sprouts. The fries were plentiful and came with a delicious garlic mayo dip, and the Brussel sprouts were huge and seasoned amazingly. Overall everything was delicious and I would say it's a cheaper version of Shaya. Can't wait to come back I just wish they'd open another one in Uptown!!This is one of my favorite restaurants to eat in the city. I love the atmosphere and staff is helpful and friendly. My favorite dish is the falafel platter. However, I always ask for the flat bread for a dollar or two more. It's definitely worth it! Everything on the menu is delicious and cooked to perfection.  Their cocktails are great as well! Sometimes there is a wait but my husband and I always wait at the wine bar next door. 1000 figs is a one of a kind gem.Came here for dinner. Very small restaurant. We sat at the bar and it had cool drawers with silverware and napkins. Cool concept. Ordered the falafel for 2 and some wild boar meatballs. The platter was phenomenal!  Definitely enough food for 2. The hummus and other sauces were very well balanced. I really liked the pita bread - fresh, warm, toasty on the outside and soft on the inside. Out food was beautifully presented, well seasoned, and tasted amazing. Their house made kombucha was tasty too. An interesting sweet/sour flavor. I recommend this place even if you have to wait.Never ever had a Falafel sandwich as fresh and savory as this. And I live very near Falafel-land near Chicago's Devon ave where world cultures blend and mix in a delightful Masala of tastes and smells. 
The menu offers nice variety of tastes and flavors and quality in all aspects is very apparent here. The tables have the setups located in drawers on each side so self service for serviettes & silver are literally close at hand. 
Clean and light atmosphere combined with a dreamy hostess made my day this Saturday I will be back. Maybe again today. Que Sabor.I can't believe it's taken me so long to eat here, and now that I've discovered this neighborhood gem better believe I'm gonna become a local fixture. Suffice to say, I want to order and try everything on the menu.  The falafel sandwich may be the best I've ever had - julienned beets and carrots, yummy tahini along with some kind of crazy delicious green sauce, ideally crunchy outside and soft inside falafel balls, perfect pita texture. Shared the brussels sprouts and fries with my lunch companion, both were delicious - the fries in particular were outstanding, although the garlic aioli that came with it was just a tad bit too garlicky. Other than that tiny gripe (which wasn't enough to knock off a star) this was absolutely awesome!
So good that I'm still thinking about it 5 hours later and writing a now rare-for-me Yelp post. Cute, casual and cozy ambiance, love the little drawers for napkins and silverware and the price point is right too. If you like Mediterranean food, can't go wrong with 1000 Figs!Had the falafel feast, and added tabouli salad and extra baba ganoush.  Very very good.  Much better than the vast majority of Mediterranean restaurants. However, not as good as Shaya.  Please see that review.  My friend loved the place.  Service was a bit slow.It's really 3.5 stars.
The hubby and I decided to try this new place after reading all the great reviews.  We went on a Friday evening at 5:30pm.  It hadn't gotten busy yet, so we were the only ones there.  Almost like having dinner at a friend's house, because the place is so small and quaint.
Short menu.  We shared the french fries with toum (a garlic aioli) for our appetizer.  They were crispy and the toum was yummo.  We then shared the falafel platter and the lamb flatbread.  The falafels were ok.  The platter comes with fresh salad and veggies that were delicious, but just needed a tad more acidity.  The lamb was oh so good, fatty and moist, not dry like most places.  The hibsicus tea is good, but pricey at $3 (get your free re-fills in while you're there).
Overall, sweet new place.  Go give it a try.Great service! Amazing, beautiful bruschetta!  Creamy burratta cheese. The fries weren't my favorite (a bit over-done), but fresh and hand-cut nonetheless. (Huge plus when the fries aren't frozen!) Tasty hummus with fun microgreens. :)1000 Figs is a perfect example of simple Middle Eastern food, but with a unique twist! Being from the Middle East I have had some pretty incredible authentic cuisine. 1000 Figs does not disappoint. The falafel sandwich is the perfect blend of sweet and savory with pickled carrots and beets and spicy pepper sauce. Now, the hummus is good but NOT like classic hummus because of it's intense smoked paprika flavor. What I like to do is add some lemon to it and call it a day. Absolutely on point is the baba ghanoush! This is some of the best baba ghanoush I've had in my life. 
Honestly everything is delicious in this place and everyone needs to visit it, but be warned, it's tiny inside and can get quite loud!This place uses all local ingredients and super clean! The sandwich bread is from Leo's and stuffed with an amazing chicken salad. Their falafel is great. Everything is amazing except I wish the restaurant was a tad bigger in size.Lunched with a best girlfriend and the entire experience was fantastic. Ordered the falafel plate with Brussels sprouts and fried with toum. Perfect amount for sharing and everything was delicious. Sat outside as it was a lovely day. Also, ordered the hibiscus tea which was very flavorful but be sure to ask for sweetener. They make their own and it's wonderful. We both left full and happy.The restaurant is very small and filled up fast around 6:30PM. Lots of potted plants, wooden tables and benches, natural lighting, artwork of bridges. I loved the atmosphere. Cozy and quaint. The tables could be oriented for 2-3 people and had built-in drawers for silverware. Very fun!
The food was delicious and fresh. We tried the brussel sprouts, summer squash, lamb shoulder, falafel platter, and hibiscus tea. Each dish came with some different variation of greens which was nice. The brussel sprouts were tangy with a nice crunchy red cabbage bed. The falafels were flavorful and not dry. The falafel platter came with flatbread, hummus, a carrot and beet salad and multiple sauces including a garlic sauce. These two were our favorite dishes.
I am ready to go back for more!The food was very tasty! The restaurant is in a cute part of town. The place is small, but it is totally worth the wait. Honestly, we came just around dinner time, so that made a difference I'm sure. 
Sprouts were great. My babe and I shared, although I could have had my own serving. The Fest was massive and so good. We finished 85% of it. I will definitely be back and it takeout is certainly an option as well.This place is awesome! Small menu, but I like that because each item is done well here. I love the chicken salad sandwich, simple, fresh, tastes wonderful, and the bread is incredible. The falafel sandwich is also really good, as well as the hibiscus tea. Enjoy!Tiny place, but really wonderful food.  I've never had such tender, flavorful falafel before.  The falafel platter my family shared was a feast and it was all revelatory--wow.  Try this place!Really wonderful food. Best falafel in town. Some of the best sauces you'll find anywhere. Love the appetizer sampler, though don't order a bunch more food behind it; best to get through some of it and see where your fullness level is at! 
BYOB is nice, particularly as there's Swirl wine shop next door. Service is very friendly, attentive and accommodating! small dining area, so reservations or take out are a good idea. Will be patronizing this place as long as it (and I) are around!One of my favorite restaurants in the city. It is so delicious yet reasonably priced. It is such a cute little place in an even cuter area. Everything I have had here has been delicious so you really can't go wrong. The only problem is that it is a small restaurant and can get very busy and they do not take reservations. Plan on waiting during peak hours!I love this place for a girlfriend date or a place to take your mom when she comes in town!  My favorite dish (the falafel platter) has no meat - but I don't even notice. Everything is so fresh and distinct in flavor - nothing is overbearing or too salty.  
The falafel themselves are delicious little balls of warm goodness. I like to add brussels, baba, and pickles to mine but that's just me. And that's also lots of food!  But if you're going to add one thing, add the brussels.  They might be my favorite item on the platter.
The smoked chicken salad sandwich is definitely worthy of a try as well. Lots of meat, not too mayonaisse-y, and the bread is delicious.  
As previously noted, the restaurant is very tiny.  Tables are close together.  Decor is very minimalistic (which I love).  Maybe not the most intimate of atmospheres, but cute/fun nonetheless.Best meal I had in NOLA. Stopped after an extremely long active day and ordered the Hummus Platter. It was divine. It was so good I thought about returning the second day. Will definitely return the next time I am in the city! If you eat anywhere in NOLA, eat here!Holy f*ck. The falafels are seriously the juiciest, most flavored piece of a*s I've ever eaten. That's what brings you in, then the chicken salad sandwich blows your mind (loads). Is that smoked chicken in there? D*mn. 
That hum hum tho, so fresh, and so dream dream.
Mix with a lil haloumi and kale, and shiii***t - you on a whole nother level. 
Come with 4 friends, split the big falafel platter, it's perfect. 
They even have killer drinks now.
This place is top tier, and top tear maker, for I cry it's so good.
I'd list it as a top 3 restaurant in all of New Orleans.
Owners of 1000 Figs-- Better buy cansecos, you're gonna need more room after this review!Amazing vegetarian food.  Make sure to try the taziki. They make their yogurt in house.  The ricotta pumpkin seed dip is very unique and delicious.Went here after reading about the amazing falafel. Got the falafel feast and the Brussels sprouts. If you get nothing else here, get the Brussels sprouts. They are fantastic!
Moving on to the falafel feast, the falafel were seriously the best I've ever had. Delightfully crunchy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside. You get several different sauces, my favorite was the cilantro one. The hummus was good, the baba ganouj was delicious. The pita were definitely home made and tasty. Not as good as the pita at Shaya, but that's almost not fair to compare the two as they are very different places.
Overall, great service and amazing food. Would definitely go back for the falafel and Brussels sprouts.My wife and I had lunch here on a Friday and loved it.  It is as everyone says.  The place is tiny.  It only seats about 20 inside with a few more tables outside.  We arrived at about 11:30 and there were only a few people inside.  By the time we left, the place was completely full.
My wife had the chicken salad sandwich.  We could not decide which was better, the chicken salad or the bread.  I had the Platter with falafel, hummus and greens.  We also got an appetizer of brussel sprouts.  I love sprouts and these were the best I had ever eaten.
I was more food that we could eat and we went away satisfied.  We will visit again.This was a repeat visit to this wonderful NOLA gem.  Not a typical restaurant for sure as it is rather small/intimate and the kitchen closes early.  But guaranteed not to disappoint!
There are so many outstanding features of this eatery....from the incredible small plates (which are as beautiful to look at as they are to eat) to the art work found on the walls, in the light fixtures and around the outside perimeter of the large front window.  All constructed from the metal of gallon tomato cans, I understand.  The addition of wine (the rosé was so refreshing) to the menu was a great decision.
The young owners have hit it out of the park once again!  Looking forward to our visit next year.I really enjoyed this. I wasn't sure exactly what a falafel was, but it was pretty tasty. The fries and the sauce (?) that came with them was so yummy! It's a large order of fries for one person.  The hibiscus tea was good, and the service and atmosphere very pleasant. Really cute neighborhood place. Will go back.This is the cutest little place! There are maybe 6 tables, plus a bar, but we came for early lunch on Saturday and had no problem getting a seat. The mozzarella sandwich is absolutely delicious and a good bit of food for $11.I stopped at this place for lunch and ordered the platter. I was pleasantly surprised by the size and love to "add on" options for $1 that allow you a little taste of other things. Everything was delicious, but the stand outs were the "toum" sauce and Brussels sprouts.The falafel was no where near as good as it was when this was Fat Falafel. They were burned and pretty flavorless.I read some rave reviews about the chicken salad and the brussel sprouts so I had this place on my must try list to eat exactly that.  
While it was perfectly fine,  there is better. 
The chicken salad tasted of all mayo with a lack of smoked chicken and more of a "rotissery" chicken taste. It reminds me of something I'd make at home,  which isn't a bad thing but certainly doesn't impress.  The sprouts were again,  just fine.  Basic  roasted brussel sprouts with a bit more oil than I'd like.  There are some really great brussel sprouts out there (Luke and Butcher to name a couple), these are some I could pass on next time.  The side salad was well,  just greens with maybe a drizzle of oil.  While this seems to be the standard for alot of places, this version was a bit too simple. A nice vinaigrette would have added alot of value.  I ended up ditching the greens all together. 
The portion size of the sprouts was quite large.  For a side,  it could feed 3.  You can't change your side salad for an up charge so I had more than enough food.  The sandwich was loaded with the perfect amount of chicken salad. I had enough for 2 meals.  It comes on thick nicely griddled (sourdough?) bread. 
I'll return to try some items I'm sure they're better at,  like the falafel.  But if you're in the mood for chicken salad or some brussel sprouts, this is a decent option.Great food! Everything on the menu is really good! The space it's in is quite small (don't take a large group) but very charming and nice. Staff is accommodating and the washroom is super clean.I really do love this place.  I'm often on a hunt for good falafel and this place is as good as it get's.  The falafels have the perfect balance of crispy outside with a nice light flavorful filling.  These are not the heavy dense falafel balls/patties that you find in so many other mediterranean restaurants.  I recently had the falafel plate that comes with hummus and the beet salad.  Again - DELICIOUS!  But what I really come for is the fries, with the tour.  My goodness is that good stuff.  I have yet to try the brussel sprouts but I will try to get that the next time.  I'm just too obsessed with the fries that I can't fully commit to trying the sprouts.  I'm sure they are delightful.  But everytime I go, the fries are calling my name.  Did I mention I like the fries?
The space is small but cute.  Parking can be a bit of a challenge but it's worth it.  The staff have always been super friendly and every visit has been quite pleasant.  This is great place to stop after a nice walk in nearby City Park.The falafel was outstanding. The Brussel sprouts are a must. really enjoyed this spot it's a great alternative to most of the heavy food found in the south. Portions are awesome and prices are great.I have been here 3 times for lunch in a week.  The food is constantly good and healthy.  I love all the fresh herbs that they use with homemade hummus and several other traditional Lebanese foods. I highly recommend 1000 Figs food. 
I do want to say it gets very crowded and is pretty loud. Don't go expecting a quiet romantic resturant with lots of heavy food.1000 Figs donated an assortment of salads, hummus and falafel to the WWOZ Pledge Drive. I am normally not a fan fo falafel but the theirs was the best I ever had, so moist and flavorful. The salads and hummus was also great. Thanks so much for donating to OZ.LOVE this place! The platter for two is A LOT OF FOOD! Inexpensive, low key environment. I definitely recommend this place to people. It's a great change of pace from the popular foods of New Orleans.One of the best new places and in the 'hood. I love a great place I can walk to.  Yes I'm talking to you Jon! All of the dishes are very good, great falafel and baba of course (they are after all the Fat Falafel food truck crew) but I can't stop eating the smoked-chicken salad sandwich.  Homemade lemonade is a treat. It gets packed quick but carry out is available and they'll just text you when your table is ready so bring some wine, take a walk to Fortier Park across the street, and enjoy the best neighborhood in New Orleans.We are always glad to see an option in the neighborhood, and were excited to try 1000 Figs.  The chicken salad sandwich was excellent. The falafel sandwich was ok and the reason for 3 stars. It had too much added to the sandwich. The falafel should speak for its own, but it was lost in the sauce and cabbage.  The atmosphere is cozy, clean and eclectic. Very well done.Fantastic! 
Amazing!
We had been on a very long road trip and fully indulged the opportunity to eat some fresh, healthy, interesting food. 
I think much of this was from the specials menu, but we learned that the chef goes to the market and buys the best stuff, so there's probably something like this every week:
Fig &Watermelon salad - amazing combination with yoghurt, feta, arugula and eggplant
Cherry tomato salad with the tiniest sweetest most interesting tomatoes I've ever tasted
Pink, toasty, decadent brussels sprouts
The best falafel ever - they do things with spices that I've never tasted before
Seared squash salad with sisho leaf in the herb salad - YES!
Gorgeous gazpacho
Lamb that my husband wishes we had ordered more of
Shrimp and polenta-style grits - a mediterranean-southern culinary catchall
I recommend it all. Enjoy!I just love this place. Super fresh. Bring a friend or three and get the platter with a side of brussels sprouts. It's a huge portion of hand-ground falafel, salad, sauces, amazing homemade flatbread, excellent taboulli, veggies, hummus and roasted garlic paste. You'll all leave full and happy (but not feeling heavy or ick). The food and iced teas are all delicious. The space is small but thoughtfully laid out, considering. Each table has a little drawer containing cutlery and napkins- cute detail! Their cocktails are not impressive, either in flavor balance or breadth of selection so you should skip those. It's not really much of a drawback though. You can get a cocktail virtually everywhere in this city, lol. Drink tea and water for once and feel good!So glad y'all are permanently in the hood now! The space is gorgeous and the food (of course) was bangin'. I will explore the menu again soon, but was having a hankering for the Brussel sprouts and the tried-and-true falafel platter. Both dishes were perfectly prepared and the portions generous. I enjoyed the plethora of fresh greens and herbs in the salad. They just opened their doors on Monday and today was their first lunch service. They do offer take-out (it is an abbreviated menu) and the dinner menu is slightly larger than the lunch (two additional entrees - shrimp and lamb options). They do accept credit cards and I'm not sure about the liquor situation - i did see some wine glasses on their shelves hooray! Their only beverage options for lunch were bottomless hibiscus tea and water. They did just open though, so I'm sure that will change. I appreciate all the veggies on their menu (vegetables are the new bacon in my opinion and I am way more impressed by folks who can make vegetables taste good). Looking forward to frequenting the heck out of this establishment. Welcome to the hood falafel! xoxoSecond-best middle eastern food in the city. The best falafel in the city though. The dining area is small but has a good ambience.Wow, what a great place! This small, homey restaurant serves up some seriously good Middle Eastern food. The falafels are so light and fluffy inside, most unlike the usual sense falafel found elsewhere. The hummus and baba are both rich and garlicky, and each come with a dollop of soft tangy feta. The prices are really good for the portion sizes. Only cons are that the tables are quite close together (so you will hear your neighbors' conversations and they will hear yours) and there's some serious garlic in some dishes! I love garlic a lot, but my breath was pretty strong for several hours! Maybe not a first date place...Ok so literally 12 hours later after sitting in my backpack, cold, it is STILL the best falafel sandwich I've ever had - amidst the tops of New York City and the Bay Area yall. Unreal. Go.Had the falafel platter with brussel sprouts - phenomenal! Flavors were very smooth and complimentary of each other. Cute atmosphere. Will definitely go back.Popped in to this place for lunch and could not have been happier. Probably one of the best falafel's I've had in the states. I had the "naked" falafel, and added pickles and hummus. Everything was really tasty and fresh. I would definitely go back again.I was a huge fan of the fat falafel food truck and was happy to learn of this restaurant. I had the falafel platter, and it was as delicious as I remember, and beautifully presented. I had the hibiscus tea, and enjoyed two glasses of the gorgeous purple tea (its bottomless for $3). The interior of the restaurant is very clean and pretty with the plants. It looks nothing like the bookstore that once stood in its space. It was crowded at lunch, and I sat in front of the window. It was really too bright and there needs to be some sort of shade for diners who sit there. I had to hide in the corner to shield myself from the blinding sun. Another negative was the wait. I waited 20 minutes for my food...I am used to long lines at the food truck and never waited more than 5 minutes, so I was surprised at how long it took. Today I was really craving falafel, so when I got off work early (on a Friday), I went straight to the restaurant, only to find it closed....at 4pm...even though they were supposed to be open...not sure what happened. Excellent food, as expected, and beautiful interior, but I think there needs to be some kinks to work out.On the recommendation of our Airbnb host we made the hike up Esplanade to 1000 Figs and we're glad we did! While the menu is not expansive, it hits all the right spots for a Middle Eastern eatery. 
My wife ordered the falafel sandwich and enjoyed what our host had described as falafels that must be made with crack cocaine they're so addicting. They were absolutely perfect with a nice brown crunch on the exterior while remaining moist and tender within. The tzatziki was reportedly very good too. I believe it because she borrowed a bit of my pita to sop up the dregs. 
I ordered the hummus with lamb and pork! I wasn't sure what to expect. I received a generous portion of delicious hummus topped with shredded lamb and pork, beautifully plated with colorful, tiny blossoms and slivers of, I think radish accompanied by two large and wonderfully chewy pita breads. 
Good job 1000 Figs!If I could give it 0 stars I would. $13 for 4 measly falafel and an underwhelming amount of hummus. Portions are so small a bird probably wouldn't even feel satiated. Charges extra just for wanting to substitute another food item. Ridiculous. So tired of "health" places overcharging and providing an inadequate amount of food in return. Don't even bother, you won't even get your money's worth. Unless you're looking to buy the feast I guess, other than that it's a complete waste.This restaurant deserves more than 5 stars. They use excellent quality products which makes every meal amazing. I wish I lived nearby; I'd go there every single day. I also love how cozy it is inside, different, but cozy nonetheless.There is so much new-restaurant-pretentiousness in post-Katrina New Orleans ... 1000 Figs is a refreshing break from over priced hipster spots looking to cash in on gentrification.
Not to say hipsters don't eat here, of course of course -- but it's not exclusive, it's affordable the wait staff has always been above and beyond kind & perhaps most importantly -- the food is dope. As In--delicious & reasonably priced. 
It's a small spot and you may have to wait, but it's worth it-- or just get it to go and sit I the park across the street or head to the courtyard of the wine shop next door.One of the best meals I've ever had.  Almost worth driving 9 hours from Dallas.  Falafels are perfect, beet/carrot slaw amazing, great hummus, great beet/barley salad, great brussels sprouts, friendly staff, and to top it off, some of my favorite songs at a quiet volume.  If I could create a restaurant for myself, this is what I would make.  I want to steal it and bring it to my neighborhood.  Go go go to 1000 figs.
(And they have a fantastic mission of planting 1000 fig trees!  They're perfect!)Loved this place with my mom! It can get noisy in there but cute interior & the food was amazing! We had the Brussels sprouts & falafel platter & was plenty for us to share!I really need to visit this place more often. Everything was great the first time I went. The only problem I could see would be the space. Luckily, I got there early and was able to snag an outside seat for this tiny place.  Having never been to the Middle East, I can't confirm that this place is authentic. But I can confirm that it was tasty and a different type of meal than you get from most restaurants with this type of theme.  This is also a cool little part of town with a few places to visit in a 2-block radius. So if the seats are full, you can find some place to hang out for a minute or hour.Love the waitress/cashier/hostess! The food was great and atmosphere was awesome! It's a tight squeeze here so be patient if you have a big group. This place is ideal for couples or singles!!The best falafel I have ever had! 1000 Figs is great. My wife and I go here pretty often. We usually get the Falafel Feast for 2, and always leave full and happy. There can be a long wait sometimes, but it is worth it.Love this place! The vibe is very clean and cozy, and the food is delicious. The bread is worth the trip alone, but while you're there, make sure to try the varied selection of Mediterranean options. I always get the platter, and it never disappoints. It's also a great way to try many of the items on the menu. Yum!Vegetarian heaven! Also - this was the best meal we had on our vacation. The falafel is a must try. The bread is amazing. Make sure to get a sandwich! I wish I could try everything on the menu.I love this place - it's my neighborhood go to spot and has never let me down.  My favorite is the classic falafel sandwich (with pickles) but I have had almost everything on the menu at some point and have never been let down.  I really love the speciality cocktails and will sometimes just get one to go even if I am not having dinner. Everyone who works there is lovely, so I also get to enjoy feeling like I am supporting a really nice business.  Lines can get long so go early or prepared to wait.  I often do take out to avoid the wait.The falafel sandwich is awesome. I get it every time with the Hibiscus tea. It's a small place but very cute. Fresh healthy food. Great for vegans..
Update: I love this place!!!The food here is wonderful--fresh, interesting, delicious. Their falafel sandwich is the best I have ever had. Its a tiny little place, you order at the register and pay, then sit down and they serve you your food. Has a nice ambience. The first time we went was a weekend night, and it was crazy crowded, had to wait awhile for a table. Our next visit was much more relaxed and uncrowded on a Saturday afternoon.An absolute favorite,  been coming here since it opened,  I have yet to be disappointed. Very small yet cozy place. Owners have a nice niche here.My girlfriend & I are visiting New Orleans and we have been on a mission to find yummy vegetarian food around town (which has been quite difficult at times).  After a nice visit to City Park on a Saturday we worked up an appetite and saw 1000 Figs was within short walking distance.  This turned out to be one of our favorite vegetarian meals during our entire visit to New Orleans.  
We shared the falafel platter and added the baba ganoush and brussel sprouts for an extra $1 each.  We ate every single scrap of food on the plate.  The falafel was done perfectly, crispy and cooked on the outside and colorful and soft on the inside.  The brussel sprouts were also notable.  The plate comes with pita and we were able to make 4 mini falafel sandwiches using everything on the plate.  My mouth is watering just thinking about. 
Side note: they donate 2% of profits to their mission of planting 1000 fig trees in New Orleans.  Cool!1000 Figs is literally the best restaurant in NOLA in my opinion. I regularly dream of the perfect falafel... magnificently crispy on the outside, and soft and bursting with flavor on the inside. The salads are also great, and all their dips are lovely. I recommend takeout if you want 1000 Figs during busy hours because the space is super small, but if you go at less popular times, it's extremely nice and cozy.All I can say is, Oh My God, this was the most f-ing delicious food I've eve had!!! Look it's on the pricey side and the food in NOLA is hit or miss but this place is as good as good can get!!! From the rack of lamb to the falafel plate, delicious salads etc etc! I would go back in a heart beat!!! This place is nothing short of amazing!!!! Highly recommended!!!This place is magical. Some of the best middle eastern food in Nola. Just make sure  you have time to wait in line.Had the falafel sandwich.  Coming from Southern California I wanted something healthy after all the decadent eating.  I definitely got my fix.  The falafel was tender and not overcooked. The tahini was perfect.  What a quaint little neighborhood place.  Well worth the visit.10 out of 10 Great neighborhood place. High quality! Buratta salad is divine to share. The falafel sandwich is perfect and a great price! Quaint place usually a wait but the take out is quick and easyA really refreshing concept in New Orleans. Healthy, delicious, relatively affordable, in a bright, clean space.The food here is SO great. Everything was absolutely delicious. The lamb shoulder was one of the best things I've eaten in the past two years. Everyone else raved about their food.
The one caveat I would say is that the service needs some serious work. They forgot two things we ordered. One of them took 25 minutes to rectify. There's no excuse for that (they made it right and took it off the bill). Work on getting the service whipped into shape and this is a fantastic place.Located in a very good mid city neighborhood, this is tiny, neat place. When its full, it may be a little noisy but food is worth the noise and possible wait time.
I had lamb and my wife had falafel plate. Both the dishes are good and authentic. Its BYOB, if you forget your wine- there is a grocery store right next to the restaurant.
I would visit again to try some other items on the menu. Its a place worth a visit in mid city.I stopped in for a to-go lunch order and got the falafel platter with pickles plus a side of brussels sprouts and a cup of lentil soup. The place is brightly lit and charming, and I wished I could stay to eat in. 
The brussels sprouts were some of the best I've ever had and I reluctantly set two sprouts aside to share with my lunch partner. The falafel could use more flavor and crispness, but the sauces that came with were tasty. The soup was good, the bread was very good, and the slaw was fresh and colorful. The unsweetened hibiscus iced tea is a perfect tart accompaniment to it all. 
Overall, I'd order the brussels sprouts again in a heartbeat and would probably stick with lentil soup, bread, and iced hibiscus tea for the rest of my meal. They were the stars of the show, and when it comes to Mediterranean food, I'm not interested in eating anything less than amazing. 
Service was very fast and friendly.Very excited that this place opened up in my neighborhood, I have always liked their food from the Fat Falafel truck. I went to the new restaurant on Ponce de Leon with two other people for dinner, on their third day of being open. 
I will say off the bat that this place is great. The food is extremely delicious, fresh, and well-prepared, and the portions are very generous. The room decor is very nice as well. A lovely addition to the neighborhood, and I intend to become a regular.
Things to note: The room is small and they only have a few tables.  If you go at peak hours you should be prepared to wait for a table. They have a system worked out for this very well, so it is not a problem logistically (read below for more details about that). Just don't be surprised by a 30+ minute wait.  I only went for dinner so I can't speak to their lunch crowd, but dinner was very busy. But this should not deter you from going to this restaurant! They also will do take-out so you don't have to wait for a table if you don't want to. You should also know they are BYOB but luckily they are next door to a wine store (Swirl) and also to Canseco's grocery, so there are ample options to get wine or beer to drink during your meal. Also, you order your food at the front cashier/host station and then a waitperson brings you your food. This is not 100% obvious when you come in.
Pros: 
- The design of the room is very clean and nice. As other people mention here, each table has drawers in it where all the silverware and napkins are kept, which is a really sweet touch. Even the plates and bowls are like pottery and nicely shaped.
- THE FOOD IS GREAT. Everything we ate was really good, super fresh: 
* The kale salad with squid is REALLY GOOD. The large portion is huge and could be a whole meal.
* The lamb platter was my favorite. The lamb is spiced with really succulent spices and seasonings and is nice and tender. 
* Their "pita" bread appears to be made in-house and was excellent.
* The falafel platter came with tons of good falafel, a couple of different sauces, and hummus and babaganoush. It also came with a really good salad of julienne carrots and beets in a lemony dressing. (The only thing we ate that wasn't 100% spectacular was the hummus and baba which could have been a little more flavorful. But they got the texture right and they were so busy that night it's possible they may have been running out and had to whip up a quick batch. I am giving them the benefit of the doubt on the hummus and baba, it being their third night in business.)
* All the salads that came with the platters were great -- fresh and simple. The lamb platter came with a radish salad that I loved too.
* Crazy generous portions for the price.  It's kind of amazing they can charge those prices and put that much food on the plates!
- The people that own and work there are very sweet and excited about everything.  I am happy to support these young new restauranteurs.
- One of the best things is they have an app where you give them your cell number and they text you when your table is ready! The room is very small with only a few tables, so this was great because it was crowded and we did have to wait about 30 minutes for our table. The cell phone thing makes it possible to go next door to Swirl and have a glass of wine while you're waiting, or even to go home if you live close by!  What a great idea.
-They are obviously going to be very popular, and it was their third night open and they were SLAMMED. As I said, it is a very small restaurant with about 5 tables plus a small counter, so it fills up quickly.  However the staff were very friendly and nice and handled the situation well. And even though we did have to wait for about 30 minutes for our table, once we sat down the service was fast and pleasant, and our food came out VERY quickly.  So, they are doing something right in the kitchen to maintain that kind of rapid service on day #3 with a restaurant full of people. Nice job!
Cons: The only con is the size of the room, see above for details about that. The cell phone texting app works great so I feel that they have a plan to address the waiting issues the best way I can think of.
You should go to this restaurant!My favorite Greek food in the city, hands down. 
I used to order from their food truck, Fat Falafel, when I worked at Tulane Medical Center and quickly fell in love. I was SO happy to hear they were opening a restaurant AND that it was on my side of town!
I haven't eaten in the restaurant yet, partly because it's so tiny. Ordering for pick up is quick and easy, though, and the pick up menu is available on their website.
Their falafel are to die for and I love their beet slaw that comes on the falafel plate. I added pickled vegetables to my plate and those were outstanding as well. They had some really awesome bread the last time I went (like naan), but a friend told me that he ordered recently and got plain pita. Hopefully they were just out of the other bread that night because the bread itself was reason enough to go!
I can't wait to eat here again ...and again ...and again.Intimate and lovely little restaurant nestled in a beautiful Neighborhood! We loved our leisurely lunch in the middle of a humid summer day. All the flavors were bright and fresh. Exactly the sort of meal to eat when you want to feel full but not heavy. Would recommend it to anyone visiting NOLA.I had the best dinner here! Food was amazing & friendly wait staff. The only way I can describe this place is Greek food on steroids! Everything is so fresh & presentation is really nice! We had the falafel platter and we added the yogurt dip! I can't wait to come back!!The restaurant's tiny and the menu's petite too, but the flavors here are big.
I've been twice now and couldn't pull myself away from the falafel on the second visit. They're perfect here. The platter also comes with a delicious salad and some slaw, which is mostly carrots and beets. I don't usually like beets, but I like them here. You can add their "famous" Brussels Sprouts for a buck. Oh, and the side of fries is awesome too.
While they don't serve alcohol, you can stop in Swirl next door for a bottle of wine and bring it on over. They'll even open it for you free of charge and provide the wine glasses at 1000 Figs. 
I need to try some other things on the menu, so I'll definitely be back.It was really crowded on a Wednesday night when I went (FYI for some reason they have a rule of no falafel sandwiches at Wednesday lunch).  I ended up getting to sit in the front window bar seating area which is a bit tight with tiny metal stools to balance on.  I had the lamb flatbread and while everything was good, fresh and great quality I found the portion size to be way too small for the price.  I've had far better lamb and rarely such a small portion size of lamb.  I was sitting right next to some folks that got the "Falafel Feast" which for $28 gets you falafel, flatbread, hummus, baba ghanouj, yogurt, pickles, slaw, house salad, tahini, cilantro chile sauce and toum which made me quite jealous of how awesome their food looked.  The hibiscus iced tea was flavorful and nice but a bit expensive at $3 for iced tea.  The only meat dishes currently are the lamb flatbread, chicken salad and shrimp.  For the price and small selection I'm probably going to prefer another Middle Eastern restaurant most of the time but this place has a unique flair to it that will give it the occasional appeal for something a bit different.
Generally I liked this joint and would rate it around a 3.5 except it does lack a bit in value for the meat dishes and they are quite lacking in delighting carnivores here but they make some amazing looking and tasting salads.These guys have the best brussle sprouts in town! I love that they are located walking distance from my house! Mid city was missing a badass middle eastern resturaunt!Two words: HIDDEN GEM. I had heard about this place from a fellow vegetarian, but didn't expect it to be that trendy AND delicious. I expected a low-key Mediterranean spot, and 1000 Figs is all this but better. From the tables with drawers for your utensils and napkins, to the explosions of flavor in each dish, to the restaurants commitment to planting 1000 fig trees in New Orleans, this place is a must-go-to, especially (emphasis on especially) if you're a vegetarian. I had the falafel platter (hubby and I shared). Portion was big, price reasonable, and taste was delicious. Falafel was fresh and hummus was light.If you are on the search for good Middle Eastern cuisine in New Orleans, look no further than 1000 Figs!
The restaurant itself is tiny, and there will be a wait.  The place is tucked away in a vibrant Mid-City neighborhood, however, so a quick stroll to admire the old New Orleans homes will work up an appetite and help the time pass quickly.
As soon as you walk in, the smell of falafel will make your mouth water.  Last night, though, I was in the mood for lamb, and this place has the most wonderful, fork-tender lamb I have ever tasted.  It is served with a salad made with fresh parsley, cucumbers, radishes, pickled carrot and a very light dressing.  The lamb rests atop flat bread that soaks up all of its juices and is topped with a dollop of tangy yogurt sauce.
I knew the entree was going to be good beforehand while my date and I were savoring our appetizer.  We browsed the nightly specials and went with the burrata and tomatoes served with crusty, sesame seed topped bread.  I had never had burrata before, which is a cheese made with mozzarella and cream, and it was so creamy and delicious, going perfectly with the cherry tomatoes.  It was served with coarse sea salt, a sprinkling of which really set off the taste of the cheese.
It should be noted that 1000 Figs is a BYOB joint, but there is a wine shop next door.  So, if you'd like a drink with your meal, you have a convenient spot to pick up a bottle of wine or a glass to go to bring with you.  Otherwise, they serve carafes of water.  Napkins and silverware are already at the ready tucked into drawers underneath the tables.
All in all, I had a wonderful dining experience here and would highly recommend this place.  It has a hip vibe and would be great for either a date night or an outing with a friend.  They also have Brussels sprouts on the menu, and there's that delicious-smelling falafel that I mentioned earlier, so those are two very good reasons for me to make a return visit!Everything on the menu is outstanding.  The sauces, the sourdough, the falafel, babaganoush, hummos are all top quality.  The sit down service is attentive, the takeout service is not very efficient.  Called ahead for a pick up order and still wound up waiting an additional 20 minutes because they never started the order when we called. Pricier than other basic mediterranean spots, but the quality and taste is worth it.I cannot say enough good things about 1000 figs. Oh wait I do have one sort-of-kind-of-maybe bad thing - since it's so small, the wait can be bad. But it's not even that big of a problem since you can go next door and grab a glass of wine or take a walk around. So can I even complain? Not really. 
I can't believe it's taken me so long to write about how great this place is. Since it's opened, I've probably been about 2-3 times a month. Yes, you read that correctly. Yes, I'm obsessed. No, it's not sick. Okay, maybe it is. Whatever though. 
So, I've been here an ungodly amount of times. I've had just about everything on the menu. It's ALL PHENOMENAL. The hummus, baba ghanouj, yogurt - so good! And the bread is so good that I wish I could buy it and bring it home with me to eat in the mornings. The halloumi here isn't that great - meaning I've had better in the city. However, it's still pretty good and the jams are always amazing! The falafel platter is huge - more than enough for two people. It comes with all the appropriate fixings. 
I will say that last time I was there I had their cocktail special. It was horrible - too sweet, way too much strawberry-fruity stuff. Not my favorite.
Now i'm craving some delicious homemade hummus!1000 figs was so great! We ordered  the falafel platter as well as the Brussels sprouts and that was more than enough food for three of us. The falafels were delicious and came with beets, carrots, lettuce, and quite a few different sauces and dips, all of which were excellent. The Brussels sprouts were out of this world!!! Probably the best I've ever had. Fast service, cute restaurant.My wife and I stopped in randomly while we were up near the Art Museum after looking it up on Yelp, and we couldn't have been happier. 1000 Figs is clean, quiet, and hip with delicious food (I had the chicken salad sandwich - best of my life, and my wife had the falafel, which she similarly loved). 
Pro tip: utensils and napkins are in the drawers of the desks that you sit at.Higly recommend the Falafel platter! The veggies and ingredients were amazingly fresh! This hidden gem is must stop by spot for lunch/brunch.This small, but mighty restaurant is absolutely worth the walk, bike or bus ride, or cab fare from the Quarter.  All the dishes are terrific and the art work and design is so simple, but fascinating.  And the sites and views along Esplanade are not bad either.  If you really want to experience something different & memorable of your time in NOLA, all inspired and developed by some young and interesting folks, take a few hours to see  and enjoy the real city!This place has really nice ambience and I love the area it's in. I'll have to say though, I wasn't as impressed as most people are with the place. 
First off, my view might have been tainted by the servers being a bit unfriendly and rude. I was by myself so I didn't have a chance to start other conversation to get over it and my space was a little cramped between other diners. 
The food was good and I loved the bread selections. However, I found the flavors to be a little bland compared to the other Mediterranean options around town. I loved how fresh everything tasted but it could have used a lot more spice and savory flavor.LOVED this place. We were visiting NOLA for a wedding, and as someone who mostly sticks to a vegetarian diet, I couldn't enjoy the typical NOLA cuisine that so many people love. Instead, we came across 1000 figs, a little outside of downtown. Cute and modern décor, great atmosphere and friendly staff. The food is simple, clean and delicious. 
I ordered the falafel sandwich while my boyfriend ordered the falafel platter (falafel deconstructed). The falafels were fresh and crispy and comes with an amazing carrot and beet slaw. I'm typically not a huge fan of beets, but these were skinny, crunchy and not strong in taste. The other toppings (mint, tahini) are a great addition. I also added pickles and hummus to my sandwich, which cost a couple bucks more.
What I loved most is all of the sauce options. I am totally a sauce gal and need it on everything I eat so appreciated the variety they had. I particularly loved the cilantro chile and garlic sauces. 
We went for lunch, so I just ordered a lemonade, which was yummy and refreshing. My boyfriend ordered a special drink they had, a rum-based old fashioned. He loved it. 
We only had to wait 10 minutes for a table as we went around 2pm. The place is pretty small though so expect a wait if you go at a busy time.
I will definitely go back when visiting!Hmm. I have mixed feelings about this place. Probably 3.5 stars is closer to my actual feelings.
The salads are fantastic. Fresh, clean, flavorful. I ordered the lamb (which was not cheap at $16), and while it was really tasty, a third of the plate was tahini sauce, a quarter was salad, another quarter was pita, and there was about 6 bites of lamb. 
I was still hungry, so ordered a falafel sandwich. It was good, the outside of the falafel was crispy, but the inside was a bit mushy. I was left with a VERY strong garlic taste, and I tolerate garlic very well. 
I think they're still figuring out how to do the whole restaurant bit, and I would like to come back in a month or two. Seating is limited so avoid coming during crowded times.Favorite place to eat. Beautiful space, delicious food, excellent service.Wonderful intimate dining space, generously portioned dishes, top notch hummus, reasonable prices. Overall a great experience.Cool little hipster joint. Food is AWESOME I tried the hummus, tabbouleh, lamb, & falafel sandwich and everything was right on point. Staff was friendly although the place was pretty busy on a Saturday afternoon. They have six smaller tables inside, a bench that overlooks the street and a few tables outside.Super cute and tasty little place. Food was great and service was good. A little on the crowded/cramped side. If you get the falafel platter, which you should, order it with Brussels sprouts and a side of pita. Weird that there's none that comes with it...just two lonely pieces of bread.So delicious! The falafel was crispy and super fresh. Great vibe and lovely staff. A don't miss in Nola for Mediterranean!!I would religiously go get my falafel fix on Tuesday nights for the past year and a half but now I am super thankful that I can get the best falafels in town 5 night a week so thank you! The place is very comfortable and clean, I love the drawers with the silverware and the food is just as great and fresh as before, looking forward to trying that grilled cheese as well!  Nothing to say but good things, just go!While the service is fantastic, I am not a fan of the food. We ordered the large falafel plate and fries. The fries were decent and definitely enough for 2 people but the food portion was not very much. We ordered Halloumi as well- my favorite part of that was the blackberry sauce. The salad that comes with the falafel was okay. I think if you just ordered a really big salad you might be much happier but I have been to the mediterrean and we enjoyed our mediterrean and falafels so much more over there. I wouldn't recommend eating there again unless you were just really into salads... maybe.Delicious. Delicious. Delicious. The falafal platter is a vegetarians dream. Byo wine too...hello doesn't get better.I found out Tuesday morning that this place had opened the day before.  Since I love checking out new places within walking distance, we decided to try it for dinner.  OH, SO good!  I had their falafel before (which I had previously found to be dry but I liked that beet-carrot slaw).  But I'm glad I gave it another shot because these here perfect.
Wait, let me back up.  The space is really beautiful, it feels like being in someone's home and obviously a lot of careful thought went into the decor (love the silverware in drawers at each table!). It's BYOB right now but since it's next to Swirl, they're really nice about setting you up with wine and all the accouterments. It is rather quiet though so maybe not the best place for a boisterous group.  
We shared barley-roasted vegetable salad, kale salad with squid and the hummus platter.  The barley salad was awesome, that was probably my favorite.  The kale salad I actually didn't like, I think it was chard and not kale?  And not crazy about the squid, which I usually love.  But I plopped some hummus on it and it was fine.  The falafel were tender and perfect.  Everything was served with an avalanche of fresh greens, dill, mint etc and that was a really nice touch.  The hand-stretched bread that came with the hummus platter also blew me away.  But when we asked for more, we got cold, factory pita from Restaurant Depot:( Maybe they ran out, highly likely since it was so delicious!  No desserts, very reasonably priced.  Will be back again and again and again.I've only had the falafel sandwich and fries from 1000 Figs and I've only ordered carry out.  The falafel sandwich is really flavorful, but the pita pocket they use usually falls apart while I'm eating it.  If they could use a sturdier bread that would be great. And the fries are crunchy goodness (think Steven Universe fry bits lol)Excellent!  Try the platter- with additional falafel  and tidbits- it's more than enough for two.  Quaint and lovely.Wow the food here is amazing!  So decently priced and its BYOB so pick up a bottle from Swirl next door and go in and enjoy!  Great for groups so you can try everything on the menu. Personal favorite were the Brussel sprouts.Had the Lamb Heart Kebabs and Felafel platter. 
Lamb was delicious, good char, not over cooked. Yogurt sauce served with it was delicious too
Felafel platter was equally good. Served with hummus, a garlic sauce (think aoili), tahini and a chili cilantro sauce. The flat bread is made in house.   
Tiny place, probably best to avoid the rush times if you want to sit right away.
I will be back.Ah!! Words are not enough to describe the simple, delicious and SO colorful dishes. Vegan friendly! I always stick to the platter, cauliflower and Brussels sprouts, and the portions are amazing to share. Aaaaand the staff is wonderful!!! Best of the bestAwesome food. The Brussels sprouts, red beet salad, all good. 
Tight space. Not a place for a private conversation. Tables are way to close to each other.This place offers the healthiest food you will find in New Orleans , but don't let that statement fool you into thinking " yuck". The food quality and presentation is at the apex. The prices are very reasonable and the portions are such that you will not leave hungry.Man oh man. I don't even know where to START with this review, son! So many flavors and so much good stuff. I will try to go my best to describe my experience.
First things first- we stopped in here at around 7 on a Thursday night and there was a 30 minute wait. No worries- just duck next door into Swirl, have a glass of Pinot and they will text you when your table is ready.
This place is small, y'all! There aren't that many tables and it's pretty cozy. I like it like that, but I know a lot of people might not. The menu is pretty extensive will all kinds of Mediterranean goodies to choose from.
We started with the lamb hearts (don't get nervous) and the Brussels sprouts. The lamb hearts were SO GOOD! Does it make me weird that this was one of my favorite parts of the meal? Those Brussels sprouts, though. What do they do to them?! They aren't fried or grilled. I don't know, but it's some kind of magic- mine never taste like that.  For our main course, it was pretty difficult, but we decided to go with the falafel platter and one of the specials of the day which was boar. Pretty wild stuff. The falafel platter was incredible and was plenty enough for two people. It came packed with hummus, slaw, house salad, flatbread, and a few other goodies. I took a picture; check it out. My favorite on this platter was definitely the hummus- it might not be the very best I have ever had, but it was creamy smooth with a lot of flavor. The boar was also tasty. I don't think I have ever had it before and i found it a little gamey without being too overwhelming.
My experience here was amazing and I would LOVE to return. The waitress was extremely attentive, even though it looked like she was in charge of almost every table and the food was memorable.Fantastic falafel and brussels sprouts.  In fact, I think their falafel is the best I've had.  Very generous portions at reasonable prices. Very nice space but gets crowded fast, which is understandable considering how good it is.  It's BYOB right now but there is a wine store on one side and a small grocery on the other.Very yummy. Limited menu but that's a good thing. Very good falafel. The stain on my shirt proves it! Fries are really crispy too. Nothing is greasy. Wish they had umbrellas outside tho. At lunchtime the sun is right above you. We got ours to go bc there was a 20 minute wait- 2 open tables outside, but like I said, the sun. The shady little park across the street is perfect for a picnic. A great addition to this neighborhood. Wish it had been here 25 years ago when I lived here!!I was a huge fan of the Fat falafel food truck so I pretty much cried when they stopped coming to the front of the med school. And then rejoiced when I heard it was because they were busy opening this restaurant.  Cute, cozy and small (5-6 tables), this place serves up the same deliciousness as their food truck. This may be the best falafel I've had in the city. One stand out item is their fries mainly because it comes with the best toum I've ever had (I'm sure they add crack to it in addition to garlic and lemon, because it's so addicting.) The falafel sandwich with hummus is a great choice, especially if it's your first time coming here.  If you can't get a seat right away, put your name down anyway and enjoy a glass of wine at Swirl next door while you wait.They reeled me in with their food truck, The Fat Falafel. And while I miss having their truck parked a few blocks away for a convenient and yummy lunch, it's worth the effort to drive to the new location. The restaurant is small but airy and full of light. There aren't a ton of items on the menu but everything they make is delicious. The plates are beautifully colorful and taste even better than they look. Best falafel I've had.I have been back to 1000 Figs twice since my 3-star review and I am changing my review to 5 stars.  The food is DELICIOUS!  The salads are AWESOME; perfect combination of veggies with a delicious dressing (just the right amount of dressing, too!).  The Brussels sprouts are tasty as well- so flavorful and roasted to perfection.  I think they have perfected/improved their falafels/hummus/baba over the past year.  My husband loves all the meat sandwiches and French fries, so if you are meat eater, you can't go wrong.  Already daydreaming of my next 1000 Figs meal....Really good!  Got a sample of everything and was impressed by every single thing, will definitely recommend and go back.   Tried to go twice before and since it was so tiny there was a line out the door, my advice, go in the middle of the day like between lunch and dinner so it's empty and you don't have to sit directly next to someone.Great Vegetarian Options, I dont even miss the meat ... A Little pricey but very tasty, very fresh, SMALL restaurant. Great for couples over very small groups 3 or 4 max. Love the Burrata, good falafel but Ive had better.Great falafel sandwhiches. Its not your average falafel but it was delicious and filling! Menu is limited. Service is affective. Me and my husband originally sat inside but because the noise we moved to a table outside once one became available. I would reccommend any one not wanting noise to sit outside. We felt like we were screaming at each other inside.very good service and very good food.
a little bit expensive for small portions.
kind of Israeli food type.Told 20m wait and when we went after hour told we could now be seated in the half empty place. Clearly didn't put down our name & number. Falafel platter was horrible - falafel had no taste, salad had gone sour (beet pieces were delish), worst hummus I've ever eaten. Cucumber salad and tabouli were tolerable. Best part was the 3 Brussel sprouts I added for $1. As a vegetarian really wanted to like this place. Instead I have no desire to go back :(Fantastic! Just go here. Bright, clean, food is excellent. Nice attentive waitstaff. It's SO good.The falafel sandwich was incredible. Each ingredient was stellar. If you enjoy Mediterranean food then this place is a must. The flatbread was delicious. I got French fries (I know...I am the worst), but the fries were delicious and the garlic suave (dairy free) was incredible. I smelled it and was thrown off by the smell because it was real garlic (imagine that!). In addition, those I ate with also loved their food. The greens on my wife's salad were fresh and flavorful. Again, a must go.1000 figs is delicious! We got the lamb and the falafel platter and added the Brussels sprouts. Everything was super tasty. My friend got the fries which comes with this awesome sauce on top. OMG - I could eat it for days. It is BYOB for a $5 corkage fee so we went to Swirl next door and got a bottle for the table. They did such a great job renovating, too! You would never have even known it was a bookstore beforehand. The place is adorable. I like the doors to the kitchen - you can see what they are doing back there and that's always a great feeling. I can't wait to go back.It's no shock most of my fellow elites rave about their experiences at this place, it's all true. My companion and I dined on falafel, Brussel sprouts, fries and the smoked chicken sandwich. We shared everything and were quite full. The chicken sandwich on brioche was delicious. It's one of the less exotic menu choices and I really enjoyed it. I'm not a fan of falafel usually, but my friend convinced me to try theirs and I was very happy with it and proceeded to eat more of it than she did! Brussels sprouts are one of my favorite parts of this meal. They were flavorful and not over cooked. Served with spring mix and red cabbage bed, which I also ate happily, soaked with whatever amazing sauce the sprouts were cooked in. The fries have to be the only fries that rival my beloved Kebab Belgian fries! They are thinner than the thick cut kebab fries but equally as savory with an aioli that I may actually prefer over kebab's. It is actually hard for me to admit that! I look forward to trying more of the menu. 
The atmosphere is intimate and simple. There are two small tables I like to sit at on a nice day. Waitstaff is friendly and efficient and we received our food quickly. Great little spot for a lunch date!Eat here again and again with no regrets, no let downs, and always a welcoming smile from all staff!
Cozy, intimate, amazing foods! 
Hummus, haloumi, flatbreads, all fantastic to try once, and then again!
Must try the specials and cocktails! No reservations can be made without arriving in person, but there is an amazing wine bar next door to get you going!Out of this world delicious roasted okras on yogurt!! I love this restaurant and their falafel sandwiches, salads and cocktail drinks. Everything on the menu feels very green, healthy, and clean. I also really enjoyed the roasted Brussel sprouts. I am definitely going back!1000 Figs serves simple, flavorful, and elegant food all while remaining unpretentious. I tried The Fat Falafel truck not too long ago and knew I had to give the actual restaurant a try. The menu is very basic--you either get a sandwich or you get a platter. This might not be for everyone, but I love a simplistic menu. Makes it easy for indecisive people like me. We tried the Brussels sprouts, hummus, fries with toum (garlic mayo type sauce), and I got the falafel sandwich as my entree. The fries and Brussels sprouts were the star of the meal. Brussels sprouts were crispy and loaded with flavor. The fries are a perfect cut--thin and crispy without being too thin, and the dipping sauce is sooo yummy. I ended up scooping some of it up and putting it in my falafel sandwich. Can't wait to come back!We were in town Thanksgiving week and arrived to our Airbnb in MidCity on Wednesday evening looking for dinner.
As we'd been in another part of Louisiana where vegetarian options were pretty slim, we were looking forward to vegetarian options for my husband.
I found 1000 Figs on Yelp and was very happy to see it was close by. After a road trip to get back to New Orleans, I was happy for the walk (about 1.2 miles). 
We found the restaurant and it's super cute and small, but not in a bad way. We were greeted and told how we take a seat and order at the counter. As we had a lot of questions, the server came over and answered our questions about the menu. We both ended up ordering the falafel platter, but I added a chicken kebab to mine instead of falafel.  And they had hibiscus iced tea, which we both loved.
The platter was a lot of food and it was delicious. We both ate until we were uncomfortably full! We loved it all. And we were there in time for Happy Hour and it was quite the deal!Chicken seemed a little pink... thought I was overreacting so I ate some anyway. Got food poisoning. Would not recommend at all. Wish I could give zero stars.By far the best Mediterranean restaurant in New Orleans! You can't beat the flavor, quality, or prices! My fav is the falafel platter with extra toum. They also have the best Brussel sprouts I've ever had in my life, and I've had a TON of Brussel sprouts:) 
I never go a month without a visit.We've been meaning to try this place out for some time now. We arrived late on a Saturday and luckily didn't have to wait since there were only 2 of us. It's really small inside but it didn't seem like people were waiting too long for a table.
We both ordered the falafel platter because it was the biggest bang for your buck and you got to try a few things. I also got a side of brussel sprouts which were insanely good. Next time I might just order the b. sprouts and the green sauce and call it a day. We will definitely return again!We had an excellent dinner here and they were very accommodating to the dietary requirements of our party (2 vegan, one gluten free). We all had the falafel plate and it was outstanding. The service was very good and we were able to move outside to enjoy our wine afterwards. I will definitely be back!This is the cutest little spot I have found in awhile. It's tucked away in a little section of Mid-City right off of Esplanade. The space is bright and airy, with lots of pretty greenery and plants. We went around 3pm and it wasn't very crowded, but it's a tiny place and I'm sure it's busy during normal lunch and dinner hours.
Basically, the food was divine. We ordered the platter, a falafel sandwich, and some baba ghanoush. The ghanoush was some of the best I ever had. Everything tasted so fresh and the flavors were exquisite. We also got some sort of strawberry cocktail that was to die for. We went during happy hour, so everything we ordered came out to only 30$, and it was plenty of food. 
The ambiance here is romantic and sweet, perfect for a late lunch with your sweetie. Highly recommend. 
Bonus: wine bar next door!!!The food at this place is great, but they have a serious problem with their front of house staff. Some people seem mot to realize that restaurants are in the hospitality business. I've had it and probably won't be going here anymore.The falafel sandwich is hands down the best anywhere. This restaurant used to operate out of a truck called Fat Falafel and I would have followed that truck to the end of the earth. Luckily they opened 1000 Figs and now I always know where to find them. Additionally they also make some of the most amazing food in the city always using fresh ingredients and seasonal specialties. The food is bright and full of both color and flavor. The restaurant itself is small, cozy, and has an air of rustic romance. Its also at a good price point. This is a go to place to bring my friends and family and an ideal date spot. Sometimes I even go alone to sit outside with my dog for a glass of wine and a bite to eat.This place is INCREDIBLE. I love falafel, top five favorite foods in case anyone was curious. 1000 figs has the best falafel sandwich I've ever had. In fact, I've been here probably five times, and to be honest I keep getting the falafel sandwich, that's how amazing it is. I mean a few times I got a side of fries cause I was real hungry and they were good- share them with a friend cause it's a lot. And once I added the cucumber salad- which I would skip again. I usually order to go or sit outside. Yes the place is small. But it's a vibe, and I'm here for it.This is one of those times when moving from food truck to brick and mortar has worked out well. I loved the Fat Falafel but it was tragically never anywhere near me ever. Now I can go to the Fat Falafel in the form of 1000 Figs! I've been twice now, including once shortly after they opened and was impressed by how few kinks there seemed to be. If you can sling falafel in a truck, I guess you can do it in a kitchen even better! One thing that I think has improved since moving in, besides the increased menu options, is the incredible freshness of the foods. 
As others have said, it's a short menu, but a good one. It changes regularly too, which I appreciate. It is heavy on the vegetarian options, which is refreshing to me-- I rarely eat Mediterranean food for the meat. It's also nice to have another option when taking vegetarian friends out to eat. 
The tables are fun, as others have mentioned as well. Having your napkins and silverware in the drawer means never waiting for a missing fork! They're held in place by a wire though, and I think I might have broken mine? (Sorry 1000 Figs!) I love the idea, but I hope that part gets a little more user friendly (Yes, apparently using a drawer is too hard for me.) 
I work in the area and am so excited to have a quick, healthy and fresh new lunch spot to hit up. See you soon 1000 Figs!Creative, fresh menu in a cute and tiny spot in Bayou St. John. Great service and love the variety of items on the falafel platter.I love this place! I highly recommend getting the falafel platter and fries. The place is small so get there before the lunch or dinner rush.AMAZING mediterranean food and great, affordable prices. The feast can easily feed 3 and each platter could feed 2 if you also get appetizers. It is a very small restaurant so it's not ideal for large parties to dine in, but they do offer carry-out! The platters and feasts offer many great little salad and sauce componentsThis restaurant came highly recommended by our air bnb host and I local we met while visiting NOLA, and they were right! We had the falafel, kofta platter, chicken pita sandwich, fries and brussel sprouts. Each was more delicious than the last! I especially loved the brussel sprouts and wish I had the recipe to recreate at home. If you decide to go to 1000 Figs, I hope you enjoy it as much as we did!One of the healthiest options in the city and consistently fresh and delicious.  The atmosphere is very cute as well.  I had their falafel platter and the falafel was moist, the dipping sauces delicious.Had the fried Brussel sprouts for an appetizer and the chicken kebab meal.  The food was fresh with amazing flavor!  If you are looking for Middle Eastern food, this is definitely the restaurant for you!I think I just discovered my favorite place! I would eat here for breakfast, lunch and dinner. My most recent visit, it was the most homey, cozy dining area. I love how at the tables have drawers equiped with utensils. When the food came, the presentation was absolutely amazing. I will definitely be  returning and will tell my friends. Thanks for a great experience.Primarily a veggie joint my friends and I ventured here to have dinner with a friend since the menu was about the cheapest in the area. Though it was this place is primarily small plates and not recommended for dinner, especially parties of 4 or more since the place is so small. Though many of the items were good I just found it to be overpriced and a little to hipster for me. If you like the veggie hipster thing you will love this place for me it just wasnt worth it for what is primarily street food.Man if the food wasn't so good I would never come here. I order take out usually 3 times a week and the staff is always rude. It's starting to feel like I live to suffer through hipster glares. It's really awful to be honest and I hate spending money in a place where the staff is so unfriendly. Why you gotta look at me like I'm stupid? What the hell is wrong with this place? The pretentious attitude is exhausting. Such a wild juxtaposition from Cansecos. Hipster go home.The falafel sandwich is awesome. I get it every time with the Hibiscus tea. It's a small place but very cute. Fresh healthy food. Great for vegans..Terrible service. Mediocre food. The girl with black hair seems to think she's too good to work in a restaurant. 
No one tells you anything when you walk in. The tiny little dining room has a tiny little desk where the girls with bad attitudes stand and stare at you as though you should know whether to seat yourself, wait for a waitress, or order at their little desk. I don't work there, why do I need to do all the work? 
I've been to plenty of fast casual restaurants with the "order at the counter" setup but they don't usually come with the sort of pretension I experienced here.
I got the falafel platter. Everything was just ok. Everything was also extremely salty. The cucumber salad and toum were almost inedible they were so salty. 
They were blasting music in the dining area but the cooks were also blasting music and the acoustics suck already in this place so you have to scream to talk to each other.
I've been planning to check this place out for weeks and it's exactly as all of these reviews say. Skip it. You can find vegetarian food pretty much anywhere in NOLA.Quaint place, intimate. Excellent spreads and salads. So fresh and high quality ingredients. My 8 and 10 year old kids loved it too. Try the Brussels, baba, and lamb and pork dish- incredible.There IS great food in New Orleans that ISN'T fried! Feels like I'm in a California cafe! The garlic mayo is excellent. Beautiful plates!Not the most wonderful experience I've had at a restaurant. Our waitress was very cold and unfriendly, which started us off on a weird note. I got their daiquiri and I know it's an odd complaint for New Orleans but it only tasted of rum and I had trouble drinking it. The hummus was delicious. There was a bit of garlic paste in it which I loved. I got the lamb and pork plate which was overall unremarkable. The meat was very dry, so I had the bathe it in the sauce, but I really enjoyed the sauce. Highs and lows balance out. It's also a little pricey for the quality you get. The place is small so you may have to wait a bit before being sat. And they don't offer reservations so no way to avoid waiting.I love ya, 1000 figs! The menu is diverse, healthy, and the food always looks so dang beautiful. 
I am so obsessed with their hummus and pan bread, it was the only thing I ever ordered. 
The other day I came in during happy hour (3-5) and tried the falafel platter. I have never had legitimate falafel, but this falafel changed my life/perspective on fried balls of chickpeas. SO DELIGHTFUL!My partner and I are always on the hunt for special little gems in every city we travel to. With all the rich, decadent Cajun food in New Orleans we were craving something light, fresh, and healthy. Some friends recommended 1000 figs located in the often over looked mid city neighborhood, and let me tell you, it delivered.
 All I have to say is WOW. From start to finish our experience was excellent.
1000 figs is a small, cozy restaurant; and a perfect place to have a romantic evening for two. The music being played was relaxing, and did not overpower any of our conversations. I despise screaming over loud music, and that won't happen here.
Our server, Jean, was delightful. She was so sweet, accommodating, and made us have fun. My partner sometimes can be a pest because he has some dietary restrictions, but she made us feel welcomed, and was able to answer every minute question we had. Thank God.
Now as for the food. I wish I could give 6 stars. The hummus was definitely freshly prepared that day, the chicken was so tender and delicious, and everything we ate was just a delicate balance of flavors with a perfect amount of citrus that never left the pallet - and don't even get me started on the bread. Delish.
We had such a wonderful, relaxing evening that I didn't even want the check to come.
So if you're looking for something different, local, and fresh, fresh, fresh, you absolutely must give this place a try.Definitely one of our new favorite spots. We love Middle Eastern cuisine, and enjoyed everything there. There was a bit of a wait, but we just sat next door at a wine bar, and enjoyed a bottle of wine. We also brought a bottle with us and paid a corking fee at the restaurant. No liquor license, no problem. Just BYOB!My first time eating at 1000 Figs (I can't believe it's taken me this long, either) was full of hits and misses. The misses were mainly due to my personal preferences for Middle Eastern food and not anything that I would fault the restaurant on, really! I can understand why it's ]very popular.
1000 Figs is a bit of a vegan paradise (as in, they are very considerate of vegan diets and the gal I ordered my food from told me that the white creamy stuff on top of the hummus may look like it has dairy, but it does not). Although the menu is extremely limited with falafel and hummus being the stars of it, there's a couple non vegan options as well. If you're fiending for a more typical Middle Eastern experience, well, this is not a traditional Middle Eastern restaurant, let's be clear on that! I mean, they don't have olives on the menu (I wish they did). Or a bunch of other things that you'll typically find on one of those giant menus full of meats, veggies and rice dishes. This put my boyfriend off big time and he crankily ordered a small plate of falafel. I also put in an order for a side of Brussels sprouts, figuring that might change his tune a bit. I had a huge falafel platter seeing as it was 2pm and I hadn't eaten all day nor the night before. 
The ambience is quite lovely. Yes, it's small, but the natural light pours in and I love all the greenery throughout. Cute tables with napkins and silverware in drawers within. It's cozy and inviting and way more chic than typical Middle Eastern places (nope, not a single stained glass lantern to be found). I appreciate what they've done with the place!
The food, though... unfortunately a bit of a miss for me. I didn't love anything I had here. At first I was overjoyed with the huge side of Brussels that came out (nicely priced at $6 or so). But then I realized they were swimming in about a cup of olive oil. Not a fan of this preparation at all. They needed to be drained because instead of being crisp, the ones on the very bottom were soggy and oily. Ditto with the falafel platter being too full of oil for me. The hummus has an overly generous amount of oil poured on top and I also had some Brussels added, and they put them on top of the hummus. So. Much. Oil. The beet/carrot slaw is a very nice compliment to an extremely rich plate, though! And although I didn't like the falafel very much (there's a sweet flavor that I can't put my finger on), the two tiny pieces of bread (not the boring pita) are divine! I just wish that my daily fat recommended intake hadn't been consumed in half of one meal. I did like the green garlicky sauce but that's their idea of hot sauce. No harissa to be found and that is pretty instrumental for me when it comes to enjoying hummus and falafel. 
The lady that I ordered from was quite nice and helpful. I don't love how you have to go up to the counter to order (but I do appreciate that they either seat you rather than you having to put in your order and then try and figure out if you'll get a seat). Service was pretty non existent after that, and you will likely have to flag someone down to get you anything. I always tip at least 20% so this type of "half service" just ain't my jam. 
I understand that this operation was once a food truck. I'd probably die with happiness if a 1000 Figs food truck was waiting outside of any bar I was leaving late at night, but I don't think I'll be going back to the restaurant any time soon.
I will stress the personal preference thing and I don't discourage anyone from this place because I appreciate their intentions and mission to plant a thousand trees.The best middle eastern food I've ever had.  Let me preface the rest of the review by saying that I'm from the Detroit area and lived right next to Dearborn, which harbors the largest middle eastern population outside of the Middle East; I used to be incredibly used to cheap but amazing Middle Eastern food.  Then I moved to Louisiana, and could not find a restaurant that measured up.  Shaya was good, but expensive and still not as good as the food back home.  I tried a couple branches of Athena.  Friends raved about Schwarma on the Go.  I kept trying to convince myself that they were all good, but really they were just OK, a somewhat adequate substitute until I flew home next and could have a real schwarma, tender, juicy, loaded with toum and pickles.  Then last night we went to Schwarma King.  Looking at the website we were a little skeptical because although we like some things with a hipster vibe, the pics of the place made it seem a little too hipster and not authentic.  Upon entering, we learned that they didn't have kafta or chicken (a Monday thing, maybe?) and we almost walked out, but it pouring buckets of rain and we didn't want to get even more soaked so we stayed.  Oh my gosh, what a good decision to stay. We each got a falafel plate and ordered an appetizer of baba ghanoush to share.   We both agreed the pita bread, pan bread, and topping of toum were great.  The baba itself was really fresh, not like I had tasted before and not my number one, but it was good and the other person I was with loved it.  However when the falafel plate came, we were both on the same page - this place is amazing.  The hummus, the beet salad (and I normally hate beats), the salad, the falafel (so fresh and home-made you could see bits of chick peas), the side of toum I ordered, and everything else on the plate was oh my gosh so good and so fresh.  The food was like the food back home, but so much fresher, and the other places we tried in Louisiana can't even compare. We can't wait to come back to try the kafta and the chicken.  Thanks 1000 Figs, we will 120% be back!Not my type of place. Vinegar was the prevalent flavor across all of the food. High priced for the amount of food received. We ordered the kabob feast. Price was $52.00 not a lot of meat. Chicken was dry with alot of seasoning. The fries and sauce were good. The vegetables all looked strange and were coated with vinegar. I would not return to eat here. If your into strange vegetables and a little meat might be good for you.Great place! Falafel sandwich has so much flavor and I suggest adding Brussel sprouts to the sandwich for an additional veggie. We did takeout for a picnic, call ahead worked well.Ah-ma-zing! The vegetarian options shine here. I got a chicken platter but I wish I got the falafel plate my husband did because it was way packed with veggies and my chicken was too charred for my liking. Very cute atmosphere and high quality food. I definitely recommend.Very disappointed in our experience. We had come in a few times when we moved here and the food was great. Portions were decent and staff pretty friendly.
Last few times we called in an order to go. Was told it would be 15 minutes. Since it takes about that much time to get there we left right away. We get there and are told our order isnt ready (20 minutes after ordering and not one customer in the store) it ended up being another 18 minutes before we got our food, yes we timed it. We ordered 4 falafel sandwiches and it took almost 45 minutes???
Tonight we decided to order through uber eats. Give them another chance. Was HIGHLY suprised at how bad it was. Got 2 falafel sandwiches and a chicken platter. The falafel sandwiches were alot smaller and smashed in the foil. The chicken platter looked like a total mess. The chicken was 2 small thighs ( I assumed since they were a healthy restaurant it would be white meat, my fault for not checking ), the rice was a bland yellow mushy rice and about a half cup of "veggies/slaw".
I really thought with all the seasoning plastered on top the chicken would give it alot of flavor, but it didnt. It was bland and small.
I know they have gotten alot of positive reviews, but honestly dont know how.One word: FANTASTIC!!!!
Well, who can just have one word for that foodgasm? I got the Falafel plate delivered by Uber Eats. The Falafel was the lightest fluffiest that I've ever had! The accompaniments were a perfect balance of mouth bursting flavor. Did I say is was fantastic??? Thank you! I'll be back... tomorrow.Haven't had a bad thing ever... the place is a little small so be prepared for that but it's a great place to grab on the go and take a walk!!Food: The falafel feast was shared between a friend and I, and it was tasty but pricey (7-8 small falafels and sides for $28 before tax).
Atmosphere: The restaurant was clean, but felt as if you were a prop in a Restoration Hardware magazine. 
Staff: The staff were aloof and somewhat cold. Their attitude was consistently of the tone "You should know how this place works, and if you don't, you don't belong here."
Additionally, the restaurant is BYOB. Which is perfectly fine, except that they charge a $5 corkage fee. This, itself, is fine, if by corkage you mean providing glasses, opening our bottle, pouring it, and maintaining the glasses. But not at 1000 Figs. Here, that fee pays for them handing you two glasses and a wine key at the counter. For $5 you get to open your own bottle of wine and serve it to yourself (which is not a problem, if I'm not paying for my own effort).I love 1000 Figs! The fresh bread and hummus alone is worth the visit. The falafel and hibiscus tea are also fantastic. I like to go with a friend and split a bunch of small plates together. There's usually a wait, but there's a wine place next door where you can sip and pass the time. The service is also amazing! Very quick and friendly.Terrific brunch plates to share or horde for yourself.  Falafel platter is best I've ever tasted.  Summer squash special with pumpkin seeds and feta was delicious.  French fries with garlic aioli were amazing.  Everything here is really really good.  And refreshing to have a largely vegetarian menu in a meat-lovers town (though the chicken and the lamb are great too).
It is small and yet to get a liquor license, though they said it's coming soon.Lamb and pork Kafta platter was so good. The meat was seasoned perfectly and the sauces were delish. Only negative was the rice was slightly under done, but it really didn't take away from the meal as a whole!My favorite place to eat in the city, especially for Mediterranean food. My go to is always the falafel sandwich with added brussel sprouts and a side of fries with the garlic sauce. But if you're feeling a bit hungrier splurge for the fresh hummus and delicious bread. The location is what I think a once home turned into business, and you're sitting in the living room. Make sure to go early since space is limited and get put on the waitlist. Trust me you want to wait for the amazing food because you'll leave full and not feeling gross from everything you stuffed yourself with.Good falafel and a cute, trendy decor. I like taking out-of-town visitors there and the spot is close to City Park.Very small restaurant, only seats like 22 people.  Went at lunch time on a Saturday and you were supposed to order at the register, and then the food was brought to your table.  We got blistered shishito peppers and a couple falafel sandwiches.  Everything tasted good and seemed well-cooked.  The one thing that bugged me though was the ratio of falafel to slaw/filler in the sandwich: too much slaw/filler, not enough falafel.There are no "hit or misses" with this place. It is ALWAYS a hit. You want a casual dinner? Hit. What about some dinner date ambiance? Hit. How about some tasty, fresh takeout where they DON'T cut your portions? Hit. Not to mention, the service is always attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly. 
As for the FOOD... falafel plate has it all, and it is all wonderful. That SLAW y'all!! I mean what?? How are they making something SO healthy SO good? It's honestly a miracle. You know about the Brussel sprouts (per every other yelper) they are incredible. Had the lamb hummus.. guess what? Amazing too. Once again, no misses here. Just close your eyes and point a finger on the menu....you'll be happy.If you live for falafel without all the parsley inside then this spot is for you! Also a wonderfully creative menu, with all the healthy options you could ask for! Delicious and healthy food all in one place- I found out about them from their food truck, and have only heard good things from others I've talked to about them. Worth a visit!1000 Figs is awesome! It is a tiny spot with not much space indoors and a few tables outside if the weather is ok. My friend and I stopped by a little after 8 PM on a Thursday and the place was packed with a wait. We ended up waiting for about 10 minutes to be seated. I hope they find a bigger place one day so it is easier to go whenever I want! I had eaten their food as a delivery order in the past but a few weeks ago was the first time I went in person. My friend and I were pretty hungry so we shared the falafel feast with a starter of radishes. The radish starter was ok, I wasn't crazy about it. But the falafel feast was awesome! Everything was great but my favorites were the flatbread, the toum, zhoug, and baba ghanouj. It was truly a feast and we brought a bunch of food home. It would have been better to share with three people. I will definitely be back!