Eating well in New Orleans is easy; eating well in New Orleans as a vegetarian is hard.
This bar/restaurant is located in a hip, slightly off the beaten path and highlights the veggie food while having a bunch of meaty things for the carnivores.  BBQ tofu sandwich was excellent and much needed to keep the walking energy on a hot New Orleans summer day.  Looking forward to a return visit.Fun fact: 13 is open during the wee hours of Frenchmen St drinking and they have vegetarian treats.
I've been into 13 a number of times and their service is always a little more on the lax side. While that doesn't get to me, necessarily, I generally hope it's compensated with a bomb sandwich. They offer a number of vegetarian and vegan sandwiches yet I've tried many of them and they're nothing more than what's expected. With minimal veggies on decent bread, each one has been OK and a nice treat if intoxicated but I wouldn't suggest 13 for your typical dinner hunt.I like this place. It's right in the quarter with good vegetarian food, frozen Irish coffee and friendly staff. Service was a little slow, but really not a bad little spot!The place to go late at night when you need some vegetarian snacks, loved the tater tot nachos (tatchos)!This is the only bar I've been to on Frenchmen street that hates it when really drunk "woo!" people (tourist) drink here. Every time someone does a "wooooo!" or screams "New Orleansssssss!" the bar tenders physically get really tense and their body language screams, "please leave this establishment." It's really interesting to observe as a third party. 
It doesn't matter because their tater tachos are funking amazing and it keeps my mouth filled so I can't scream "wooooooo! Taaaaaaaaaater taaaaaaachos!" Of all the tasty, salty treats you can combine, tater tots and nachos is simple and amazing! 
Come on in if you're looking for a peaceful place out of the chaos that can be Frenchmen Street. Also come when you are looking for a late night snack and the taco truck has a line.3.5 stars. It's a bar with a few tables the back. They have some good looking vegan and vegetarian options on the menu, along with some other stuff. I had a barbecue tofu sandwich, which I enjoyed but did not change the course of my life.  Decent vibe and, on the whole, welcoming.Late night of Blues left us hungry for some good food. 13 came through for us again. I had the roast beef debris po boy. It was excellent. Not a traditional New Orleans one, but very good on its own terms. Both the beef and the generous gravy were full of flavor. My wife had the spicy tofu wrap and it too was very good. Zingy but not too spicy. Great texture on the tofu strips.LATE NIGHT HEALTHY GOODNESS!!!!!!  We feel we stumbled on some of the only hipsters in NOLA... and it was delightful.  You feel you are in this hiply decorated warm & welcoming bar, but instead of the crap most places serve late night... these guys are serving up healthy options with a ton of flavor.
The roasted veggies and goat cheese were my JAM!!!! We'd also recommend starting with the Tator Tachos... they don't feel super greasy... and they have the savory black beans underneath, fresh, made to order, without the heaviness of normal "tots".
The quesadillas are LEGIT!!!!!! The veggie special was out of this world! I really really really wanted to try the Veggie Philly... with portabello mushrooms instead of steak.... but sadly we were unable to make it back. Someone try it FOR me!
You won't be disappointed. This neighborhood is also super cute, so you could do a stroll around the block checking out the one of kind bookshops and beautiful architecture. Make an afternoon OR a late night of it.  We were there on Christmas 
Eve, so we enjoyed all of the lights as we walked.Great late night food. The Tachos are delicious. Great options. They only place on all of Frenchmen St. My husband had the red beans and rice which he said were awesome. Will definitely be back to try more. The service was pretty decent, nothing above and beyond. 
Side note- They are sell cigarettes, only place on Frenchmen that does.Service was slow even though we were sitting at the bar. I had the breakfast sandwich and my buddy had the burrito. That being said, it is open late!We heard this place had vegan/vegetarian friendly options, so we ventured to Frenchman Street for late-night snacks. It was completely empty when we arrived, so we sat in the back and ordered some beer, a side of the tator tots, a grilled cheese sandwich, and the tofu mushroom philly. The place was dead, but they were so slow to bring out the drinks and food. The service was average, not unfriendly, but not exactly welcoming either. The tator tots were the highlight of the place and nothing else is really worth coming back for.I was in New Orleans during Christmas (way better than the hell I experienced in July)  and was so excited to find out I had plenty of vegan options.  13 Monaghan was fantastic - the black bean burger was delicious as well as their breakfast burrito with tofu.  Portions were huge! I completely forgot about the tachos I read about (maybe next time)!  It was so quiet in there the few times we went (but the whole city was eerily quiet).  Staff was super friendly - definitely recommend to anyone looking for some delicious vegan options.  (Bonus - away from the tourist traps).I stopped at 13 Monaghan twice during a four-day trip as it was right near my hotel.  Both times, the service was S L O W.  The first visit was for food. The music was WAY too loud. We ordered the Tachos, a Tofu Reuben, and the Tofu Banh Mi, which were all delicious, but took forever to come out. Our server was nice but obviously had too many tables.  
The second visit was just for a cocktail before I left town. I sat at the bar near another customer.  We were both ignored for ten whole minutes by a big dude who seemed to be doing inventory.  When I asked if he could take our orders, he barely looked at me and said, "I'm not the bartender" and went right back to what he was doing behind the bar.  I will never understand how people who are rude to customers keep their jobs in the service industry.  Based on the other reviews, it seems like poor customer service is an ongoing problem at 13 Monaghan.  I was about to walk out when another guy came over and apologized for the wait.  He was friendly and funny.  I ordered a Southpaw, which is one of three specialty cocktails on the menu. He had no idea what I was talking about and could not find a menu anywhere.  I pulled up the menu on my phone and showed it to him, but he still had no clue. As time was wasting, I asked for a tequila drink instead.  I twice specified that I wanted silver tequila, but he poured gold.  I drank it anyway.  Meanwhile, the other patron and I had struck up a conversation, which is what kept me at 13 Monaghan that afternoon.This is Vegan/Vegetarian food for drunk people.  meaning there was an awful lot of bacon and cheese for a supposedly Vegan joint. haha.
I had the BLT with goat cheese, shared a plate of Tater Tachos (tater tot nachos that were recommended to me by every door guy on Frenchman St).  BLT was super.  Tater Tachos were overrated and not something I'd eat sober.  
Staff was fun.  They did some cute dancing while cooking.  I can always appreciate that!  
Decent food. Fun staff. Open late.  A-okay in my book.Huge fan! Frozen irish coffee is too damn good. Dangerously good!
I have to have them add an extra shot of Jameson to make it less palatable. Otherwise, I'd drink a million. 
Roasted veggies with goat cheese is my absolute favorite but I've never had anything that wasn't super yummy when I branched out from my 'go to'. Yesterday, I had the spinach portabella pizza - delicious and crispy. Something magical with the cheese too... can't put my finger on it.
The tachos (nacho toppings on tater tots) are yummy especially late night and with a belly full of beer. 
Lots of vegetarian options. No smoking. Great menu both bar side and kitchen side.
Bartenders can be a bit surly but then again it wouldn't be a Monaghan joint without 'em.13 is an awesome spot on Frenchmen close to Esplanade.  The Tachos are my go to drunk food in the quarter. I would say 90% of the time that we go to the quarter, we end up at 13 eating Tachos.  Also, the goat cheese pizza is delicious although their boudin is nothing special. Most of the staff is pretty nice, but there are a few snooty hipsters that aren't the greatest waiters or bartenders.  There is a good beer selection and a jukebox.  Since this place is related to Molly's, they also serve the delicious frozen Irish coffees. The only real drawback is the time that it takes to get your food.  If it's a Friday or Saturday night, be prepared to wait a while.  However, the Tachos are worth it every time.The food was delicious and the margaritas were the best.  I have to give a shout out to Madelyne ( hope it spelled it right).  She took orders for everyone with a bus boy and the food came out right and on time.  She is amazing, nice and a great server.  Thanks girl !!!This place is open late. With selections very limited at 3am, I opted for this over pizza. The menu sounded good and I couldn't decide so I asked the cook what was good. He dryly replied, "everything". So I ordered a tuna melt and it came quickly as they weren't busy. It was bland and flavorless. Definitely not included in "everything" I guess. Long story short, choose the pizza.Overrated. Got the Mushroom Philly & Tachos and they were bad. We ordered from here on Uber Eats. I figure the uber drive was responsible for the cold, soggy, potatoes & hardended cheese, but my review isn't about those aspects. Plus restaurants should have proper "to go" packaging. Philly was ok, tachos were horrible, and the side salad was the best thing we got! Food prep took way long too! They get 2 stars for effort & because i don't like to leave 1 star reviews.This place is awesome! The food is amazing, drinks are delicious, and the service is fun! We had a great time! You MUST go! Us Tampa girls love it!The place is right on Frenchmen street which is good and easily accessible. I had a original Tatar tots and mushroom  Philly sandwich. The food was greasy and presented in an extremely unappetizing manner. The place was neither the cleanest or nor the best looking. I would not recommend getting a meal here but maybe decent for a 3am after drinking go to place.I completely misjudged this place at first glance at their menu and almost wanted to leave because I was in a low blood sugar sleep dep tizzy. So glad we stayed. The pork boudin is proper. The grilled veggies with goat cheese and pita, had my boyfriend, who hates two of those three things going bananas. Pizza was decent too, they use a bit of oregano on it, which I find a nice touch. The service is prompt and extremely friendly- it's really nice to see hip dudes with mustaches behaving like total sweethearts. We felt very welcome.  Bonus points for them bringing us water without asking. We actually went two nights in a row- it's kind of the perfect grab a quick bite and keep rolling spot and I had no problem giving my money to an establishment with such kind staff/yummy simple food.This is an inexpensive little dinner in New Orleans' hipster enclave (Marigny).  If you are staying near the convention center or French Quarter, this is very walkable.
The night we went, they were out of black beans.  Considering this was a crucial ingredient in a number of their dishes, I was a bit surprised.  
We started with a round of a regional IPA that was pretty tasty (not Abita, NOLA, or Dixie, but I can't remember what it was) and black-beanless Tater Tachos.  I love that tater tots are making it out of the elementary school cafeteria and onto menus.  Who needs French fries and potato chips when you have tater tots?  My husband and I then split the TBP and Ham&Swiss sandwiches.  (I had wanted the homemade black bean burger, but was unable to order it as they are out of everything black bean.)  They were pretty tasty, but a bit too salty and hard to eat.  Also, they were out of swiss, so we had to choose a different cheese, and out of sourodough, so we had to choose a different bread.  Do you notice a theme here?
Our friend had the BBQ tofu sandwich, which he said was quite excellent.Veggie friendly, Tachos were great. I wasn't a big fan of the BBQ Tofu, but loved the place otherwise.My boyfriend and I are just becoming Vegetarians. This was our first vegetarian experience. We had the BBQ Tofu Po-Boy which was pretty good. We had the Tachos with shredded cheese, jalapeno peppers, and vegan chili with black beans which was better than Sonic's. And we also had the Sesame Chicken Salad which was a bit bland to me but my boyfriend found it to be pretty good. I am a very picky eater. I would have never thought I would be eating this kind of food but this was the best experience. I would recommend this place to anyone who has decided to become a vegetarian. I am looking forward to visiting this place again and to try something else.The BLT is something I crave and service is better now! That BLT has the pesto goat cheese and is unlike any other BLT I've had. They use to have this delicious cranberry mayo that they out on other sandwiches about a year ago. I miss that.The food took forever.  The chef looked lost. The waiter took forever to bring our card back to sign. But the food was pretty good.  .I am happy we found this place with the help of Yelp!! 
We ordered the tater tachos and a couple of sandwiches. I can't even remember the sandwich I had!! OH I had the grilled cheese with tomato... I think it was good! 
The star were the tater tachos in my opinion. I thought it was a clever combination that works well. I actually think I prefer tater tachos over regular nachos.. SO GOOD. I will be making them at home now for years to come.
I'd suggest paying this place a visit when on Frenchman street.I read some great reviews and was really excited, but I was quite disappointed.
My situation was not really normal, though, so I might give it another chance, if I'm back in the neighborhood. But probably not.
I was traveling alone, it was late and I was tired, so I just ordered take-out. I ordered the BBQ tofu po' boy, based partly on the reviews here (e.g., "Absolutely incredible").
For me, it was really underwhelming. It seemed like it was just tofu, straight out of a carton, drenched in bbq sauce, maybe also straight out of a carton, served on bread with the basic po' boy toppings. I was really hoping / expecting some kind of creative spicing or cooking! But it barely seemed warmed up, and I think it would have been much less "goopy" if the tofu had been firmer. Maybe breaded and fried.
Also, the guy on the phone who took my order seemed pretty brusque and not courteous.
But since i only got take-out, I can't comment on the atmosphere, decor, service, or whatever else.There's nothing especially special about this place, which is exactly what's so great about it. There are no servers, so you place your orders with the bartender and the food is delivered by the people who cooked it. There's something comforting in that, when the cook is willing to look you in the eye and say, "Here, I made this for you." Anyway, they have a great goat cheese-basil-BLT, yummy chips (which I recommend coating in Crystal hot sauce), and the boudin was yummy. 
Side note: someone should take whatever seasoning it is they use to make boudin and bottle it up and sell it, and make potato chips flavored with it, and sprinkle it on everything that's ever been in a fryer. Like Old Bay in the mid-Atlantic. Seriously, it's so good.
Back to the story: I was not a fan of the two New Orleans beers on draft (that blonde ale tasted slick, almost like oil), but that's not 13's fault. The bartender was nice, they had Godfather 2 on the TV, and the food was good. What more could you want for a quick post- or pre-drinking dinner? Plus, they serve free shots for every Saints touchdown.Why I gave it 5 stars...
It was Tuesday afternoon. My girlfriend and I needed a place for a late lunch, around 3pm, we were both recovering from the night before. The food was good, decent, homemade food. Living in new Orleans that's what one expects when we go out to eat.
The service on the other hand... WOW!!! As a local when going to casual places in the French Quarter and especially on Frenchmen Street more often than not you will get a bartender or server who is jaded, rude, snarky, and just a miserable person. Not at 13 Monaghan! The bartender and the cook were great! It wasn't from impeccable service, or a fine dining atmosphere. No, none of that. What made these guys stellar was their friendly, approachable, pleasant demeanor. 
I will go back to 13 again, and again, and again. Good food AND friendly staff? Yes I'll be back!Late late night dinner on a Friday night. They gave me and a friend the wrong sandwich, but we were drunk and hungry so we didn't mind. We were grateful that we could find something to eat that late without it being dreadful street meat.I have been so excited to try 13 Monaghan for months. Multiple tofu sandwich options at one restaurant, how could it not be amazing. Also, tachos!!!! (tater tot nachos) Incredible. I could eat them every day. 
Sometimes I even make them with eggs or tofu scramble on top.
Before even arriving I completely believed that I would love love love 13 Monaghan. It is set in the french quarter (almost marigny) and parking here is impossible. Literally, we drove around and around for thirty minutes before finally finding a tiny spot to sneak into and then walked a few blocks. The boy was a little put off by that, but, my spirt was not broken! I was still mega excited. 
We walked in and were ignored by all the wait staff. So after standing there awkwardly we just sat ourselves and waited. I guess I just like ot be acknowledged if multiple waiters are standing around. 
There are 4 tall tables and 4 regular tables- there is also a bar area you can eat at. 
I knew what we would order before we even arrived. Tacho appetizer. Bbq tofu po'boy and the spinach and portobello pizza. The tachos were amazing. I make tachos at home but 13 Monaghan had a good mix of ingredients and a great salsa. So good. The pizza was tasty. The crust was thin and crunchy while still being a tiny bit chewy- unlike anything i've had before. The spinach was layered underneath a mound of mozzarella (mmm) and portobello slices were laid on top. We enjoyed it. The sandwich had the best po'boy bread that i've ever had in the city. The tofu was good- warmed in bbq sauce, not fried any not baked, just kind of warmed. Oh and NOLA beer was on tap- $4.50. There was way too much food so we ended up bringing more than half of it home- too bad the boy left it in the car overnight (eww)!
All in all I enjoyed the food. I love that this place has veg options that are really tasty. 
Things I didn't like:
* the location- i probably won't return very often because it's impossible to park here,
* while the food was good, it was not any better than I normally make at home,
* the prices were not great. Two beers, a sandwich, a personal size pizza, and one appetizer to split cost us $40. Meh, I probably wouldn't pay that again. 
* my side of chips was just the broken pieces from the bottom of the bag- they should've just said they were out of chips because that really put me off. 
Has a jukebox and three gaming systems.
Attire is very casual.
Takes multiple forms of payment including credit cards.Great food but the slow and uninterested bartenders taking food and drink orders make it hardly worth your while.I ordered for 13 Bar food from Grubhub.  The restaurant was electronically delivered the correct menu item but did not pay close enough attention.  They gave me a REAL BEEF Reuben sandwich instead of a TOFU Reuben, which is kind of a big deal to a vegetarian.  The guy at 13 Bar, after admitting it was his mistake, wanted me to drive over (I'm in town on business) and swap out the sandwich.  Grubhub wanted to refund only the sandwich and have me pay ANOTHER delivery fee if I wanted the right sandwich.  The whole experience was a frustrating and expensive waste of time.When I'm in the mood for quick & kinda healthy, I always stop at 13. The bartenders are always super nice. My favorite is the Asian chicken salad! But when you've had a few cocktails, I have one word: TACHOS!Good food and fun atmosphere! Great for late night eats. Easy to get a table and menu for vegans, vegetarians and omnivores.My favorite veggie sandwich place in the city! The "Baked Tofu and Herb" sandwich is amazing. The BBQ tofu sandwich/po-boy is also awesome too. They usually have some great specials and don't forget to get tots with your meal! The atmosphere is nothing special but the food more than makes up for it. Nice Frenchmen Street location as well and service is always good.Okay so I yelped this place looking for some vegetarian options. According to Yelp, " Vegetarians go crazy for this place," I don't see how because the vegetarian options are sparse. So first of all, I did not appreciate my super warm beer. Beer should never be served warm. Second, I did not appreciate waiting about 35 minutes for a order of "Tatchos" (tator tots with melted cheese and scallions). The Tatchos were just ok. Cheese wasn't fully melted and it was served in a paper bowl and the very little amount of cheese that was fully melted stuck to the paper bowl, which was also not appreciated. I also did not appreciate the bartender stacking up dirty beer glasses right in front of me. However I DID appreciate the frozen Irish coffee, it was superb. The Irish coffee gets them 2 stars. Would not go back.-A bar off the beaten path.  
-Open into the wee hours.  
-Healthy or greasy, they've got both.  
-Serves breakfast all day long.  
I think I'm in love.
*Frozen Irish coffee? Yes, please!  If you're looking for a good frozen Irish coffee in New Orleans, have no fear, stop in here.  Thick and frosty, with careful attention to a swirl of ground espresso on top...or maybe I was special, because (not to brag) my picture looks awesome in comparison to others...eh, but most likely theirs looked the same at first.  I'm guessing they just couldn't fight the urge get on in there and sip up perfection before snapping a pic.  I understand.
*Roasted Veggies and Goat Cheese ($10).  Yum.  For this appetizer, I thought the two ingredients would of been whipped up together, similar to dip of some sort, but it wasn't.  It was simply as stated: roasted veggies and goat cheese.  I know, crazy, right?  Fluffy triangles of pita bread, waiting to be assembled, lined one side of the plate.  The flavorful roasted vegetables (olives, onions, peppers, mushrooms, squash, and tomatoes) lined the other half.  A generous portion (about the size of ones palm) of goat cheese was slapped in the middle of the two.
They've got the right prices at 13 Monaghan and the portions are large enough to share.  The sandwiches ($5.50-$10.50) and breakfast burrito ($8.50) are all huge!  They have inexpensive options for sides.  For example, a side of tasty andouille sausage will run you about $2.  I dig it.
In addition to all the meaty choices, they also serve up a ton of vegetarian options.  Black Bean Veggie Burger.  Barbeque Tofu Sandwich.  Veggie Philly (substituted with portabella mushrooms).  Spinach Quesadilla.  And more!  Vegan mayo, too.
The food is great here.  The waitstaff, cooks, and bartenders are all laid back and personable.  So before checking out who's jazzing it up at Spotted Cat, stop in at 13 Monaghan and grab a bite to eat along with a frozen Irish coffee to go.Staff were really lovely. I say this because we came in, were seated, given waters and then didn't order anything and left.. and at that, they were still friendly and cool.
Nothing against the place but it is defined as vegetarian/vegan and it certainly has that covered IF you eat tofu.
So if you love tofu call a cab to the place I doubt you will I wrong, if not save the disappointment.
I would give 3 stars but the staff attitude wins.We came here for one reason only, and it was Tachos!  Unfortunately, since we were in town the week before Mardi Gras, they had a modified menu with only one type of tachos.  We were gonna get a couple orders to split, but we had to go with the classic only...  Now I'm not gonna say they weren't delicious-- and really pretty reasonably priced, but I wanted to try a weird kind too!!!  Oh well.I love this place. As a local that has been coming here for the past 6 years, I've always counted on 13 to have great late-night food. However, recently I've gone there and the service has been less than stellar (i.e. a bartender that cares more about flirting with every moderately attractive woman that sits at the bar, or being offered plasticware, when I can see clean silver in view). The food is always good, but damn man, I've been service industry for a while now. I know they can do better. Don't ruin one of my favorite late-night eat spots. Y'all can do better.Blonde was a bit judgey when we walked in with our drinks. Original and loaded tachos were great.  Crawfish sausage tasted and smelled like hot garbage.  Overall, average with a hint of pretentous hipster.Service: Meh
Food: We wanted to eat a late night snack. Since there aren't that many restaurants open we opted for 13 Monaghan. We ordered the TACHOS.  Sad to say that we finished ALL of it at 1am in the morning (we took it back to our hotel). If you aren't a jalapeno person, ask to put it on the side.
Time of day: 12:30am on a Tuesday morning, no wait, plenty of seating
5 stars for the TACHOSNOLA is kinda funny... everyone gains weight here-- except for vegetarians.  We starve.  Thanks to Yelp I found this bar and had my first non candy bar dining experience: a Po'Boy!  Awesome!  Loved the Caesar salad with homemade (and anchovy free) dressing.  In true Louisiana style, there was about 3x more salad dressing than lettuce.  Sinful.
My friends got about 15 pounds of meat each so everyone was happy.
Only drawbacks are that even though it wasn't busy, the service was kinda slow.  You're warned about that but it still sucks when you're starving.  And it's a bar, with a bar atmosphere but the food is definitely restaurant quality.  But I guess every place in this city feels either like a bar or like you're in your grandmother's house, covered in plastic and all.
Extra bonus is that Frenchmen street has a great vibe, artsy and funky but doesn't feel touristy.  Lots to gawk at.After a long Friday night with the Jazz Vipers on Frenchman Street, red blooded Americans need an order of Tater-Tots to take the edge off. 
Monaghan's 13 is pretty much your only option.  It's a happening little place that vaugly resembles and irish pub.  The food is the main draw and its not fantastic.  It's a fun place to grab a bite with friends on a late night.  They bake their tots so expect a wait, but it's worth it.
Snap Shot- Wait staff may have facial tatoos and/or staggering bod oder (in the good way).This place was great.
My friend and I dropped in after a long day of walking around the city. We had never heard of it or knew what to expect, but we were hungry and saw that it was vegetarian. It worked out perfectly.
The food was great, everything was reasonably priced, and the service was awesome. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone, vegetarian or not. 
It was certainly the best meal we had on our vacation.As usual the food was outstanding. Tachos were excellent but the Boudin was amazing. The Reubens the best with that corned beef made in shop. Don't pass the by on Frenchman.This place didn't do so well tonight. Yes, anything "tater" on the menu was yummy. But they bill themselves as a viable place for vegetarians to eat, yet they only had a couple options that were veggie. And no tofu or other veggie protein options (cheese is not really a viable protein source). Pulled pork tasted like it had been soaking in water for days. No flavor, no BBQ sauce (or any sauce), just watery chewy muck. Really awful. Apparently, the menu is limited because it's the weekend of the French Quarter Fest, but frankly, that's not an excuse. Service (which was also not great) and menu should be better during an event not subpar. Because tourists like myself are looking to Yelp to guide them to good places to eat, and now I'm disappointed and ruining their yelp ratings. Sorry...VEGAN REVIEW: Cool bar with restaurant seating in back. Good atmosphere. Food was okay- we had the Tofu BBQ & the Tofu Bahn Mi, both with Tots & vegan mayo. It was a little one-note in the flavour department, and both options were pretty much cubes of Tofu in french bread, relying on the condiments and other fillings for flavour. Quite functional and a fine snack as part of hanging out / bar hopping around Frenchmen St, but wouldn't seek it out.Service is not great, but I love love the sandwiches and food and the late hours. I'm really upset the got rid of that cranberry mayo spread. That was to die for.Really nice bar with off beat, great food and friendly staff. Get the tachos while you are hereThis place was so prefect for our last dinner.  I'm sad we didn't know of this street before our tour guide told us where the locals prefer (which is always better).  We did come to New Orleans for the Bourbon St experience and that got old super fast.  This place was more upbeat and our style.  I got the tot nachos (they had a different name obviously) but they were super yummy.  My husband got the debris Sandwich also so good!  Our server was great and we had an awesome time.  4 stars only because they had many beers but most are in cans (eww) but that's personal preference.Like Daniella F. I stumbled into this place after a night of drinking with a good friend on her last night in NOLA before moving back home to take care of her husband's parents. It was a bittersweet evening that we didn't want to end. So we stopped in to eat in the wee hours and I was fascinated that it was still serving food and how many people were in the restaurant eating! The menu had lots of healthy, veggie choices and it was EXCELLENT! Waitress was great too!Came here while looking for a place to watch the World Cup in a downpour. Looked inside, saw they had a TV with soccer on it, so we went in. Got a round of drinks and some tater tots. 
I tried the sriracha and chicken variety. Pretty good, although the chicken was a little bland and I thought there was too much cheese. The sriracha ranch dipping sauce was really good though. 
My main gripe with this place was the service. Our first waiter wasn't very at tentative, although the second one we had was much better. 
Overall, not a bad place, it's just that there's so many other bars that are better.Wow. Walk right in, set right down..... We'll take your order and then fill every take out and UBER eat order before serving you 1 1/2 hours later .  Perhaps it is not the fault of the 2 worn souls staffing this place at 1 am& instead is the fault of a tightwad who owns it. But waiting over an hour for 3 orders of tater tots is ridiculous- unless they were harvesting the potatoes and curing the bacon out back. Plan ahead and do not go here hungry - it makes for a humbling display of ones dark side....
We won't be back- that's for sure. So glad we were there in good company to ease the hunger pains .If you are vegetarian, get the tofu bahn mi!  SO DELICIOUS!  You won't regret it.  My boyfriend ate it one night and loved it.  We got two the next day to go.  I put mine in the fridge for a few hours and it was still good.  I highly recommend for to go orders and in house orders.  Service was very friendly.Love this place. I make a point of going a few times whenever I am in town. It is great for a vegan friendly hangover breakfast or a late night BBQ tofu poboy. Definitely check this place out.  Nicely removed from the tourist chaos too.VEGAN REVIEW:
13 was the first eatery after 7(ish) hours of driving from Atlanta to NOLA. It was a long day and we were looking forward to some good food. The restaurant was empty so we were able to pick a table close to the cook's station. 
I ordered the BBQ tofu sandwich ($11 + $1.25 for vegan mayo) and specified that I wanted it to be vegan. My brother and I also ordered "Tots for Two" as a side. The bartender/waiter said it was a better deal than just ordering a side of tots to go with your meal. Our food arrived about 15 minutes after ordering and I was ready to dig in. 
The sandwich had a great BBQ flavor which was complimented by the greens and vegan mayo. The bread was crunchy and overall made for a filling lunch. The tots were also good, but I wish we had more! The portion of tots felt small, especially if shared between 2 people.
As a vegan, I appreciated having options at this eatery, but I think my brother (carnivore) was not as pleased with his meal. His sandwich was sparsely filled. 
Overall, 13 was a fine place to stop at but I am not sure if $12.25 for a sandwich is the way to go.Came here with a group of five girlfriends. The place was cool and the food was good, but our server had a terrible attitude. It seemed like every time we asked or needed something we were bothering him. We waited for our food as we watched the kitchen people play on their phones not doing anything. Then our server failed to tell us when we were first ordering that we could not split our checks and when the bill came I was relieved to see 18% gratuity the menu had stated would be added for groups of 6 or more was not. I would come back for the tots, but definitely not expect much as far as service goes.Food took forever and was barely mediocre. We asked the waitress why the folks who came in after us got food first and she got an attitude. They also ran out of the vodka they used to make their signature drink... meh. Disappointed we walked so far for this.The balsamic veggie, herb cream cheese sandwich is TO DIE FOR! The best late night food in the best area of the city for live music. 
Win-win!Of course I'm going to mention TaterTachos. After a late night on Frenchmen I may forget the name of 13 Monaghan, but I never forget to say TaterTachos. Of course there is more than these yummy layered pieces of drunk food gold to 13, but I don't really care about their vegan/vegetarian options. Yay for you guys having these choices. They have the frozen Irish coffee of the rest of the Monaghan places as well as a full bar. Bottom line: great place to grab food after a long night of dancing on Frenchmen. TaterTachos.
And to close with a tale, I once saw Tim Robbins eating in here. I then saw Tim Robbins making out with some 20yr-old skank outside of here. I then said to Tim Robbins "Well, she's no Susan Sarandon." I was then told by my friend to shut up. I stand by my statement.Long story. 
I ordered a corned tofu reuben through Grubhub to be delivered. 45 minutes later, a corned *beef* reuben shows up. I don't eat meat, so I immediately called the driver who told me to call 13. I spoke with Martha, about whom the bulk of this review is written. 
Martha explained that she would refund my order but I'd have to reorder through Grubhub to have a driver sent, but that she'd throw in some tots to help make up for the wrong sandwich delivery. 
After doing this, I contacted Grubhub customer service to address the refund to my Apple Pay. Grubhub subsequently cancelled my second order. Martha called me to let me know this and to explain that Grubhub would not confirm if they were sending a driver or not. 
At this point, I decide to just drive to 13 to get the food because I'm starving and Martha's like "I'm so sorry, it's here for you if you want it, it's free, this is a total dumpster fire." As I'm pulling away from my home, Martha calls to say that she got a driver and the food was on its way. 
Martha, you're an MVP! Thank you so much. 13, please do something special for her because she went above and beyond to not only rectify the restaurant's initial mistake, but the subsequent mistakes from Grubhub.
And the sandwich and tots were delicious!Great place for late night eats!  Quick and affordable fun eats.  I had the pita pizza and my husband had ham and collard greens poboy.  The food comes out on paper plates, so don't come here expecting linens and fine china.  13 is listed as a vegetarian restaurant but they serve meat too, so don't shy away from this place because you think you won't get your meat on.  You certainly can.  They give you tofu options with almost every meal which is what makes it vegetarian friendly.We came here for dinner and had a less than grand experience. They were clearly under-staffed which led to slow service. The bartender was also the waiter and he was stretched thin and forgot to take our orders. (I felt pretty bad for him to be honest) When we did have our orders taken I requested no onions (adamantly) because I am actually slightly allergic. When the food came, the onions were in the food, and my friend got the wrong sandwich. The frozen Irish coffees we had were delicious though. I would go here for a drink, but would not go here to eat again.Thanks Yelpers for helping find another great eatery in a very non-vegetarian-friendly city!! 
This place was 'interesting' but I really appreciate the effort, the concept, the passion and the execution. The food was more a 3-stars, but overall they deserve one higher. The staff was helpful and happy and the menu was quite different and really gave vegetarians special treatment. 
We had the tachoes (you might want to request lite-on-cheese as ours was loaded with it!!), pita pizza, which was the best item, and the bean burger on po' boy bread, which was the most A-OK. 
But overall an enjoyable dine-out in NOLA, a city where nothing is made vegetarian otherwise!Great for vegetarians and meat eaters alike, or if you just want a magnificent mid-day mojito from bartender Lloyd. The juke box, as in the other Monaghan establishments, is fantastic, and the location can't be beat. Frenchmen Street is THE place for music and bar-hopping any day of the week in New Orleans. Try the grilled veggie sandwich and the tater tachos. Good choice for late-night dining or breakfast...or anytime!
***Update!** Lloyd no longer works here as of end of January '09, which is sad, but 13 is still a frequent stop for me and I enjoy eating or drinking here any time of the day.I was sadly underwhelmed by this place. All the great reviews, the cool vibe, the decor, the hip but not too hip hipsters inside...I was expecting some 4-star worthy eatin. But then the food came. *sad face* I was really looking forward to giving my mate his first lesson in American greasy late-night food, and, in particular, introducing him to the fabulousness that is the tater tot. Maybe it was just a bad night, but our tachos were a bit cold and not crispy or oily the way a real tater tot should be. No one is happy with a dry tater tot, ya know? We also ordered a pizza, which was on the "it'll do" side. At least the bathroom was relatively clean. If I were visiting NOLA again sometime, I might be willing to give this place another shot, just to see if it could live up to all of the other 4 and 5 star ratings from others. For now, it doesn't make the highlight list from my trip here.Really underwhelming, like that time your both not into it and you both leave out of boredom and disappointment.After being rudely if not cruelly refused service at Dat Dog down the street, because the blue haired women behind the bar refused to believe my friends dog was a service animal, even after she provided her proper identification and answered her extremely rude and personal questions about her condition. 
We came into 13 and where greeted with nothing but warm smiles and excellent service. The girl behind the bar was nothing, but understanding and didn't bombard my friend with inappropriate questions about her disability, like the woman at Dat Dog did. The service was fast and warm hearted and really helped my friend feel better about the embarrassing encounter at Dat Dog. 
The service here is how all establishments should treat their customers. five starsSurly servers and amazing drunk food in a "I spent all my money on hookers and blow" price range. Good craft beer selection. What more could you ask for.TACHOS!!!!!!
Talk about the best drunk/snack/anytime dish there is.  I have rated 13 with an extra star or two simply for the Tachos.  Tachos are Tater Tots topped with black beans, cheese, salsa, jalepenos, and sour cream.  We were in New Orleans for 4 days and we went to get the tachos twice!  We also went there for breakfast and it was great!  It is the perfect place for vegetarians to eat in New Orleans.  There are many options for all meals including late night food as Chad C. mentioned.
They also have a great juke box!Came for the tatchos and because apparently "vegetarians go nuts for this spot". Not sure what kind of vegetarians you attract but literally every item on their menu has meat. 
Draft beers were decent, but warm cups they serve them in were not. It also somehow took a solid 30-40 min for them to bring out my tots with some melted cheese on top. Nothing spectacular to say the least. Like are you cooking these tots one by one??
Would have given this place 2 stars but we had a delicious frozen Irish coffee before we left that definitely bumped it up a star.I had the best vegetarian po boy here.  I don't even like Mayo, but this one was a special of the day with cheese, giant portobello mushroom that was grilled to perfection, lettuce, tomato, mayo...all on a perfectly toasted bun.  
It may have been the most satisfying meal of our trip to NOLA.
The man had a really nice sandwich, filled with meats.  I think it was a ham and cheese?  Great portion, he loved it as well.
Nice on-tap selection.  Fun place to hang out.
Our bar tender even broke open her bottle of advil when my allergy/sinus headache started back up.  She was from Pennsylvania, if I recall correctly.  Very nice person!
Great experience!During our 4 month stay in New Orleans, this was our regular place. Being vegan and vegetarian it was the best option in the city, with several other places in the Marigny neighbourhood to wander into if we ever got bored (other veggie food, middle eastern, Japanese). We did not often get bored. 
Whether we got the BBQ Tofu po-boy, the breakfast burrito, scramble or pizza, we were happy. My only complaints is that the tofu scramble should be scrambled like eggs (my preference at least), not little hard squares, but it was good nonetheless. 
When we weren't hungry, we went to 13 Monaghan for drinks - good strong mixed ones and Guinness by the pint. 
On the weekends it's a great place to people watch, being close to the French Quarter (but not too close) there were plenty of kitsch locals mixed with bewildered tourists. It was never too busy to get a seat, though a couple times at the bar which was fine. No outdoor seating but the central streets of NOLA are not ones you want to sit and eat on anyway (wafty smells, nuff said). 
Overall our favorite place to eat and drink in New Orleans.
They also sport an awesome Jukebox hidden next to the front door. If you get a chance, fill it!Cold local brew. Delicious Boudin Banh Mi and cup of sausage rice soup for $6- BRILLIANT! Gracious service!Maybe it's because I ate at 13 on the heels of 3 straight days eating, smoking and drinking like a moron in New Orleans. Maybe it's because I'm from Canada and I'm a spoiled, self important brat when it comes to stupid stuff like "how best to eat cheese and gravy on fries" Maybe It's because I was dining with a vegan who's order was botched. Maybe it's becaue my service was slow and apathetic and the food was lousy. Whatever the case, my experience was disappointing. 
The restaurant was not busy and yet it still took over 30 useless minutes to prepare cheese and gravy on a basket of high school cafeteria tater tots that were singed to a crisp. It's rare that I don't love a snack like that, but I had to tag out at the half way point. It was rough. 
My girlfriend ordered the Vegan Ruben which for the record was not some annoying "vegan ordering off the menu" nonesense. It's an actual thing on the menu, which is why we went there. Upon her Vegan Ruben arriving, She was delighted to find how much the tofu looked, smelled and tasted like Corned Beef (it was). This situation was handeld well for the most part but it was disappointing. I'm not a vegan, I will never be a vegan but I happen to live my life with one. Seeing that person get shorted after making a point to seek out a vegan friendly spot in a city full of fried meat was a bummer.  
If you claim to be a vegan friendly fast food joint don't let customers down with slow service, inedible drunk food and meaty vegan sandwiches.Tater Tachos!!!! They were so good and perfect after a night of hanging out in the bars on Frenchmen Street.Maybe **** drunk food.  Been here half a dozen times and what seems consistent is servers that don't seem to care, $10 sandwiches slight on everything, and an overblown rep for tater tot nachos. most recently and with friends, had delivery.  Goat Cheese BLT, Veggie Philly, Black Bean Burger, Chicken Salad Sandwich.  Initially thought the order was wrong because each box contained a potato chip salad, then realized they were shaken to-go boxes, delivered by a guy who acted as though he hated his job and hated people.  Flavors: ***  Portion size: ** Service: 0.Well, when you go to a late night dive spot, you're not expecting much. Greasy food.. mediocre service. With that said, this experience was AWFUL. Horrible service, terribly slow wait time to get our food, and when the food finally arrived: inedible. Basically only picked around it because we were STARVING. Waiter was nice enough to remove one sandwich from our final bill, but that doesn't excuse the horrendous food quality and unacceptable 45 wait for food that came out sludgy/cold. NOPE. Don't waste your money.I will preface this by noting this is my first negative review on Yelp! My wife and I were staying on Frenchmen St. for the week of Jazz Fest and were out for a evening on the town to celebrate our anniversary. We had dinner and drinks elsewhere and on our way back to Frenchmen we decided to stop in for one last drink. Big mistake - we were obviously overdressed for this place and probably too old, but we figured if WE don't care why would anyone else. The bartender with the old-timey boxer 'stache and the other clown behind the bar clearly did. So much for embracing inclusion and diversity. It's not as if they didn't see us and, yes they were very busy, but the other guy had time to stack and arrange glasses but no time to take our order. Then my wife got stachmo's attention to finally order. Naturally I made the mistake of ordering a Sazerac like so many jerky tourists do. I was quickly shot down - "no Sazeracs!" - okay a Guinness and a seltzer please. We received tap water and a hastily poored Guinness in plastic (to go) cups. "Here you go kids!" - I must have been wasted because I actually tipped this clown for insulting me and my wife. Should have challenged him to a medicine ball juggling contest instead.LOVE THIS PLACE!!
Super nice people and great food! My boyfriend and I split the taco/bean salad and I must say for someone who doesn't like beans it was amazing! The bartenders are so accommodating and attentive to all of their guests! It really is one of the true New Orleans bars everyone must visit!This is more a message to management than review, but I'm disappointed I can no longer take the lunch special to go. I work in the area and it was always a reliable easy and affordable lunch option that didn't require much time away from the office. I will patronize elsewhere.Cute place. HORRIBLE service and staff attitude. Granted, my group of 3 walked in at 1:30 am.. but that's is no reason for the attitude. The waitress requested to see IDs due to the slot machines, I had mine in my clear phone case and was told "you need to take it out". Figured, whatever it's policy maybe. Then my friend was watching a video on her phone and the waitress comes back "Im going to need you to turn down your volume" MIND YOU it's a loud restaurant, music was playing and conversation was flowing. My friends 4 second snap chat video affected exactly nobody. 
Food: taters tasted like fridge. We had about 4 and left the rest ... this is the first time I've ever recommended to get chips instead of tater tots. The pork sandwich was good once you drained the water out of the bun.. 
I would have went back but the attitude completely put me off.Rude service. Do not waste your time. Better places to go on Frenchman. I have never been talked to so poorly by anyone, especially someone I was ready to give business too. Learn respect, learn customer service, especially in a time where I can plaster bad reviews of your establishment everywhere. The employees told me I should go somewhere else simply for hand signaling to my boyfriend that I wanted to leave because they wouldn't tell me what was on the menu. Even if you are busy... Treat your customers with Respect! If you are looking for places to go,  I recommend Maison, 3 Muses, Spotted Cat and Blue Nile! Stay away!!!!After getting bored with passing the same restaurants in the French quarter, through another Yelp search we came across 13. Aside from the NOLA (native?) crust punks we passed along the way, this restaurant was arguably the best meal we had on our entire vacation. The waitress/hostess/bartender was extremely helpful and made some great recommendations to our food choices. We ordered the crostini appetizer (as opposed to the tater tachos) and it was AMAZING!!! I ordered the chicken salad sandwich which was one of the best sellers, for deliciously obvious reasons. I kept the crostini appetizer to dip my chips in as we ran out of bread. Um, best idea ever. My boyfriend had a oven-roasted sandwich that included cheese and artichokes. I'm glad we ventured outside of the immediate square and followed more great Yelp reviews to this fine establishment.This place really seems to hate tourists! Now this is the first bad review I've ever written and let me preface this by saying that I manage a restaurant . I'm the exact opposite of high maintenance as I feel the pain of my service brethren. So, We were happy to find a restaurant that was serving food after having discovered the sites and sounds on Frenchmen st late one Monday. We ordered some drinks from a cool 1970s handlebar mustached porn star throwback looking server. We ordered four small individual pizzas just after 12am and waited. After about 30 minutes with nobody coming to our table I went over to another server (the porn star was doing shots at the bar with what I assume to be regulars) and asked if I could get another drink. Clearly I had tourist cooties because he angrily told me that I needed to go to the bar. I went back to the table without a drink (didn't want to interrupt the shot drinking bartender), we waited some more, asked how long our pizzas would be and were blatantly ignored by the second tortured soul of a waiter. After about an hour we decided to cancel our order and find something else. I wasn't angry when I asked if we could cancel our order but Mr. Handlebar (who,it turns out, was the manager!) got very annoyed and rude when I told him we'd been waiting for an hour for our food and we needed to go. Now I admit that I may be wrong here. It may only have been 50min or so and we would have waited longer if someone had just come over and told us that the poor cook in the kitchen was in the weeds (though there didn't seem to be many people in the resto)  I wish somebody had told us it would be x amount of minutes for our food but nobody seemed to care that we were spending money and wanted to spend more money in their establishment. Our drink bill was tossed on the table, we paid and left still very hungry. It's too bad. We were staying nearby and would have come back as one of our party is a vegetarian and this place has lots of vegetarian options. As we left I saw a touristy looking couple sit down behind us. They were devoid of tattoos and tribal piercings  so I said a silent prayer to the God of non-hipsters that their service would not be marred by rudeness and that they would be blessed with some food. AmenI love you, crawfish po-boy.
I love that you are not fried.
I love that your bread is crisp on the crust but soft inside.
I love that you are simply dressed with lettuce and tomato (and Crystal hot sauce).
I love that you paired well with my Abita.
I love that you were $8.50 with chips.
I liked that 13 Monaghan is open late and has a quality vegetarian menu (for idiots like me that gave up meat for Lent). My server was excellent without being pushy and let me sit at my 4 top alone even though it started to get busy. 
I would definitely come back to this spot, day or night to get some healthier options in New Orleans.  (Not that I don't love fried food!)A great late night option. I was super psyched to find vegan and vegetarian options right in the middle of everything on Frenchmen Street. The Tofu Po Boy with a side of a tater tots is perfect after a night of drinking.4 stars because it's a nice place located in a nice place with VEGAN POBOYS! It is a shame that for a city with poboys being so famous that there are so FEW places where you can get a VEGAN poboy so I'm happy for this place to exist and that I got to come here. I've only had the barbecue tofu poboy and it was delicious! It was like 13 dollars, they charge more for vegan mayo, but whatever...still a Great experience.Just had lunch there for the first and last time. Pork quesadilla was overcooked and charred around the edges. The waitress/barkeep was downright surly... seems to be one of those people who confuse being hip with being a jerk. With so many great restaurants in my neighborhood, who needs it? As far as I can see, the only thing this place has going for it is $3.50 pints of either Harp or Guinness. But it ain't worth it, folks.Appalled. Just visiting town and had a great time on the strip. RUDE. Literally 3 in the biz bartenders ... Freddie welcomed us immediately and then as soon as we sat down was so nasty and rude before we even got the order a drink that we lost our appetite. I mentioned I was a bartender and it was unnecessary the attitude we received and he kept antagonizing and saying go ahead and yelp me. BTW there was roaches in the bathroom; Also wanted to ID for French fries I'm assuming because he just didn't want to take anymore customers and we are all 30-40 yea old. Poor service, zero stars.The food is a below average. The service is awesome. The frozen Irish coffee is amazing.Over an hour to receive a to go order of just loaded tots.  Only two people working the entire restaurant. Both of them were moving at a snail's pace.  Will never return.What an idea, focus on the tater tot, hey it works. We stopped for a latenight snack, got the tots and left happy as could be. Simple place with good service and great tots.Needing something veggie to bring w/ us on the flight back home, 13 Monaghan did us right
Homemade Veggie Burger - this was a really soft burger & to me it was more like a huge dollop of black bean tampenade.  Came between 2 slices of regular bread & paired w/ lettuce & tomato.  
The patty was flavorful but couldn't really tell what was in it besides the black beans.  Probably could have used some more time on the grill to give it a bit of crisp - just on the other side of slimy - while it was tasty, I was glad we had split our sandwiches
BBQ Tofu Sandwich - thick slabs of tofu are baked in a BBQ sauce & add some lettuce & tomato & throw it all on a french roll & we're talking good.  The BBQ sauce was sweet & tangy & there was enough to give it a bit of ooze w/out making it a soggy mess
Split a side of Tater Tots & they were the typical tots - nice & crispy
As we were walking out, I saw their daily special was a Veggie Red Beans & Rice.....wished we had had more time to give it a try!!  Next time for sure!!This place does bring on the veg, which I certainly appreciate.  Some items on the menu are delightful, some are less than okay.  I would avoid the black bean burger (it's grainy, bland, and generically spicy) and the tomato soup (really just a bowl of pasta sauce). The specials are usually good, and the servers will shoot you straight if you ask. The tots are legendary because, well, they are tots, which are hard to find, and because many people end up in this place after they have had a few, and when you are trashed, nothing hits the spot like some salty, deep fried tater bits smushed into convenient nugget form.  DELICIOUS! The grilled cheese with grilled onions and tomatoes and the po boys of any type are reliable. As a veggie, the best thing on the menu is the bbq tofu sandwich.  I was skeptical when I ordered it, but it is so good that I have spent a fair amount of time trying to recreate it in my home.  Super firm slices of bbq tofu, grilled onions, mayo lettuce and tomato on grilled whole wheat.  The wait in that place can be excruciating.  There is usually only one person in the kitchen making all the food, and one person on the floor.  When they are busy, you might parish before you get your tots.  Be warned! Otherwise, superior bar food, fun atmosphere, and perfect location on Frenchman Street.Tatchos are a thing and they are amazing! Especially as 2am when you're finishing up the night and needing something to get you through to tomorrow! Price was good compared to other bars near by. Will definitely go back again.Had a vegetarian friend in town...panicked I checked Yelp and realized Ive walked past this place a million times never realizing they had decent food -esp w/veget.options? Pizza was just mediocre...order something else. Gotta love the guys working here rockin the Tony Romo style caps heh hehThis place is legit a hidden gem on Frenchmen st. Doesn't look like much from the outside, and was a little "dead" on the inside but I figure it was because the parties from local clubs near by were still jumping! Myself along with My bf and our friends just touched down from NY and were starving. While making our way out of the airport we found this place on yelp. Boyyyy did it live up to the hype! Although this place seemed to have plenty of good food options, I stuck to what 13 monoghan was known where .. their TACHOS! Tater tots with all the yummy nacho fixing. simply amazing. Im vegetarian so I stuck with the original Tachos. My other friends had the siracha chicken and Tachos with gravy and cheese which they loved. If these things were so good on a sober mind imagine it's affect on a person drunk and hungry lol I'll definitely be back on my next visit to Nola .Good food, cheap beer, good service. I got the Greek pita pizza, add mushrooms. It was so good and only $7.... $3.50 imports. I can't complainI frequented this establishment on two occasions during our trip. The frozen Irish coffee is absolutely delicious. However, their service on both occasions was horrendous. I think they're severely understaffed. I almost can't blame the woman servicing the bar AND the tables for her snappy attitude as she was the only visible staff person working that night.In the midst of all the live musical clamor of Frenchmen Street is a place that has no musical offerings and doesn't even spin records, but offers up one of the best vegetarian "platters" around.
13 Monaghan has a veggie po boy (in the form of their BBQ tofu sandwich) that made my taste buds sway and my voice sing out "mmmm" in joy.  The barbecue sauce mixes with the mayonnaise on it to create a sweet mayonnaise in every oozy bite.  And the tofu is thickly sliced and has a nice consistency - and outer layer - that makes it more like a fake steak than just a regular piece of tofu.
Surprisingly, I was not impressed with the tachos.  While it's fun to eat tater tots with your fingers while drinking and pretend they're nachos due to the topping, the vegan chili variety didn't taste cheesy enough for my taste.  And, for me, nachos without the taste of cheese just don't please.
Still, this is a great place to fuel (or alcohol) up before a night on Frenchmen Street.  The beer is cheap and the overhead music is good (except for the fact that they played the Grateful Dead when I was there) with more of a hipster vibe than the surrounding neighborhood.  It got me going for a busy night ahead and I still crave a tofu sandwich that good weeks later.You know the type. It's not enough to simply complete the task at hand. This person has to overdo it and with way more fanfare than the task requires. 
Whether it be the senior citizen next to you banging away on his laptop keyboard or the highly excitable online persona (!!!!!!) abusing punctuation, it's annoying.  
This brings be to my experience at 13. As I was mid-bite, I felt a wave of moisture hit my back. When I turned around to determine the source of this eatus interuptus, I saw a waitress furiously wiping down an adjacent table. Apparently her arm moved across the table with such velocity that an entire table of food particles were flung on my back (and in my purse, which I discovered after finding a tomato in there). 
So to that waitress, a simple wipe will do. You are not competing in an Olympic Discus throw competition. That is all. 
Thankfully, 13 offers this divine invention known as the Tater Tacho, which was enough to save the dining experience. Tater Tachos consist of tater tots topped (say that 3 times fast) with black beans, cheese, sour cream, and salsa. But you see, this fabulous creation is far better than the sum of its parts. 
If you are willing to put up with lousy service for the euphoria-inducing treat known as a Tator Tacho, you should check out 13. I'll definitely be back, perhaps next time with a rain poncho just in case. 
As they say, everything worth having is worth fighting for. And Tachos are definitely worth having (and fighting for).No hello, no service, nothing. The woman bartending just ignored us and never said anything. 1 star, it's hard to rate a place where you never recieved anything. If you don't like people then why do you work at a bar? We sat at bar for what seemed like 5 min before getting up and leaving, went next door where they gladly accepted our buisness. Someone should fire her. I work at a bar and that would most certainly not be tolerated. Owner or manager be warned, we easily would have dropped some cash seeing as there was 4 of us.I was so happy to find a vegetarian friendly place in New Orleans. My heart melted with joy.
It melted even more when I found out they make tater tachos! Nachos, but with tater tots instead of chips! GENIUS! And delicious!I love this place. I have loved this place since the day I met it, so many years ago. It has a little something for everyone. A nice bar with fancy schmancy cocktails, as well as beer, a restaurant that serves up epic vegetarian food, as well as meatie stuff, and it's nice and comfortable on the inside.
I eat here a lot. I mean, like, know all the staff a lot. The fact that I can get vegan breakfast burritos anytime is a big plus, but I also like their fresh soups and "tater totchos", which are nachos with tater tots instead of chips.. I recommend this place to someone who wants food that is guaranteed delicious, but not looking for "Louisiana food". The only downside is the fact that sometimes you have to wait a little while for food, because everything is baked.This place is actually pretty garbage. It's not clean, and the service is slow and terrible. We ordered two sandwiches and we waited 20 MINUTES FOR TWO SANDWICHES. When asking the waiter where our food was he gave me a look of disgust like it was ridiculous to ask where our food was. This place is ridiculous so don't come here if sober or even drunk. Take your money somewhere else.BBQ Tofu is gggooooooodddd. Decent draft beer including a fine local pale ale (LA-31). Swell crowd. An oasis from the Quarter.Great food, nice atmosphere, fun workers! Husband had the classic philly, and I had the tofu and herb sandwich with a Pimm's cup. While eating we chitchatted with the cook at the grill about movies people should have seen by now and Pokemon go. A great experience for our first day/stop in New Orleans. Delightful and delicious!The staff is always friend and the food is delicious. Make sure to get the tachos. A very laid back and cozy atmosphere.Tater-tots ordered a plethora of different ways...not much more necessary to add..oh, they serve alcohol too!!!  Done and done!tachos, frozen irish coffee,and a tall blonde babe as a bartender = dreams really do come trueHave no idea bout the food, but it's real tough to find a bartender like this.  Means business, and by that she knows how to make a mean drink, and has that perfect bartender attitude, like she's been your friend your whole life.  Jukebox has got it going.  This place is as real as it gets.I wish I'd found this place earlier on my trip to NOLA! Absolutely loved the tater tachos and BBQ tofu po boy! So many good vegetarian options I could barely decide what to order. Also good options for meat eaters. A cool, chill bar in my favorite part of Orleans. I will be missing the food!Delightful spot in the heart of Frenchmen with a full real deal bar AND full real deal kitchen and menu that supposedly serves till 4AM.  
Last night I enjoyed the hot ham & swiss.  Simple but not plain.  Just what I needed.  And a draft Guinness to boot!  
New Orleans sorely lacks in decent late, late night dining, and I look forward to round 2 here.Come in off the street and have a seat up at the bar! This just felt neat to sit by an open entrance and see and hear the street life as I ate my meal. 
I traveled there during Mardi Gras, so unfortunately I didn't get to try their vegan breakfast options, but I did have the Tofu Banh Mi ($10.00 dressed with carrot pickle, red onion, fresh jalapenos, cucumber, cilantro, soy sauce, and sriracha mayo on French bread). And the TOFU! The TOFU WAS INCREDIBLE on this sandwich! I really want to know what they did! They said everything but the hot sauce is made in house. Wow! 
A chill little spot to check out in NOLA.The food was good, the waitress/bartender was awful. When asked questions, the waitress was rude and condescending. While quietly conversing about the experience, the waitress became confrontational and actually told my friend that she was rude from the time we walked in, when all my friend did was ask questions about the menu. The waitress refused to separate checks for us when it came time to pay the bill. The experience with the waitress left us soured on the entire restaurant, unfortunately, as the food was enjoyable. I wouldn't recommend this establishment to anyone.I just recently moved back to town and finally am back home in the Marigny. and 13 is one of my favorite little spots because it isn't usually that crowded.  When I moved away from this town five years ago Frenchmen street actually had quiet nights, I worked on it for years, now it is hard to enjoy it without dealing with the crowds.  
13 is kind of classy bar food, the tater tachos are delicious if you have the munchies and their pulled pork is surprisingly delicious.  I love their frozen Irish coffee and love that there is an open kitchen where you can watch hipster cooks whisk your food up and play around like only the back of the house can do.  Service is usually great, and I really have no clue why more people don't frequent the joint, though it's fine with me. 
They have vegan options which is easy to find on Frenchmen street but not easy in the rest of the Marigny. Here Here 13.This place has great food and very friendly service. I've been here twice and will continue to go on a regular basis. You know all the food is fresh because you can see them cooking it, and I love all the vegetarian options.Nice music, good crowd. Came in early on Halloween because the place was less packed than others. Ended up coming back later on when it was much more packed and the only place that seemed to be serving food at that hour. Why no late night dining options NOLA? You know we're awake. 
I ordered the borrachos. I'm not a huge tater tot fan, but if you cover them in bacon, cheddar, onions and BBQ sauce, well...it's perfect drunk food. They're even good cold. Service was really nice, even when the waiters were absolutely swamped.I love this place , everything I have ever gotten I have loved , and it's vegan friendly for those out there who need that feature but they have non vegan as well. The best thing is the tator tots omg! They are sooo good . You can get those or kettle cooked chips with ur sandwich or wrap which are both awesome but for an appetizer you have to get that tator-tachos , they put all kinda of toppings on the tator tots ! And they have great little pizzas , and full bar! It's just a great place to drink and get a bite and it's open really late so after u hit bourbon it's the best place to sober up !!'I went on vacation in 2014 for mardi gras and found this interesting spot which outside had a sign saying nachos made of gator tots. So I was sold lol
Its exactly what you would think nachos, but instead of chips its tator tots. It wasn't mind blowing, but definitely unique. The reason I give 5 stars is more for the service. The staff knew we were visiting and took the time to talk and make us feel welcomedPretty ordinary--BBQ Tofu was nothing special.  The BBQ sauce wasn't that great, in my opinion.  Navy bean soup was decent, but again nothing special.
Service didn't make me feel all that welcome.  A waitress was stacking forks when I walked in & looked up briefly to acknowledge me (without saying that she or someone would be with me in a minute) & continued to stack the forks.  That was the general feel of the service, aside from the chef who was very nice and served the food.The BBQ tofu was so good I refuse to leave NOLA without eating it again. Might get 2 for the plane. Vegans, this is your place.This is not a food review. 
Did a quick stop on a bike ride and had a Boozy Milkshake. Very tasty. Lightly topped with ground coffee dust. 2 people liked the coffee dust, 1 didn't. All of us loved the shake. Clean place. Medium/small place. Menu looks good. They have specials. 
Again, didn't have food, but I will be back.Lately, there have been 2 times where I have come in, sit down, and not been served by a waitress after sitting for 10 minutes! For god's sake,13, hire a damn waitress!Now starts a series of reviews for bars on Frenchman...most of which I was sure I had reviewed. I think Yelp tortures me by disappearing my reviews occasionally and no they aren't filtered. Or maybe I'm suffering from a huge hallucination...in which case I blame the sinus meds.
I like the bar. I love the food (tachos!!!!) and they're open late, yay! So why three stars? Because WTF is up with the service?  Seriously, 4 or 5 tables got all of their food before my friends got anything. I understand that some dishes take longer but c'mon it was ridiculous. You can put out at least a dozen dishes before theirs?
Also, on my most recent visit the bartender wouldn't even look at his customers. It was so weird. It became a game for me to try to see if he looked at anyone or if I could make him look up at me...Nope. Guess he won that round.Went here after a few bar because we were hungry! Service was good but the food was bad!!! Buffalo chicken quesadilla was to spicy with all the buffalo sauce they put on it (so much that my quesadilla was falling apart). My friends order other meals they didn't even finish bc it was so nasty.Love this place! Great food, great staff, great vibe! The pesto and goat cheese quesadilla and the tater tots will rock your socks off!My favorite part about this place is that it's open late. I've been known to get hungry on Frenchman from all that dancing and the veggie and goat cheese appetizers and sandwiches are killer. 
I love that this is in a touristy area, and they don't fry anything on the menu. Gives us locals a break from all that grease. 
No live music and sometimes what's coming out of the speakers sucks, but the food is always good.Ok so this is not a 5-star restaurant or anything, and OF COURSE I've had better, but it does what it does the best it can be done.
Yesterday I ordered a Black Bean Veggie Burger and Tater Tachos (no sour cream) for pick up.  I spent the next half hour alternating between doing work and reading Yelp reviews of 13.  I like to start with the low-rating reviews because, let's face it, those are usually more entertaining.
It's been a long time since I've gone to 13, over a year, I'm sure.  So when I started reading all those reviews about the snotty bartender and kitchen staff with serious too-cool-for-you attitude problems, I was ready to go in there, guns a-blazin'.  So I put on my best "Don't fuck with me, Punky McPunkerson" face, got on my bike, and headed over there.
Well.
I walked up to the counter, and the bartender immediately approached me and asked if I had ordered something for pick-up.  Then she proceeded to very apologetically explain that they were out of Black Bean Veggie Burgers that night, and that "we" had forgotten to get my phone number and so they couldn't call me back to see if I wanted something else.  While she's talking, another employee runs up and cuts in, equally apologetically, repeating "It was my fault!  My fault!!!"  Ok I'm retelling the story a bit melodramatically here, but that's essentially the truth. 
I appreciated a few things about this interaction:  
1) Both employees were nothing but pleasant to me.  
2) Everybody makes mistakes, no big deal, but they took complete responsibility and tried their best to see if they could make it right.
3) The first girl apologized, and said "we" didn't get a callback number.  She didn't say "So-and-So answered the phone and took your order, and she's the dumbass that didn't get your number."  And then So-and-So realized that Bartender was apologizing for a mistake she made, and immediately came over to set the record straight that it was, indeed, her fault.  Those are two decent people and good workers.  In a lot of places, people do nothing but place blame and try to avoid admitting to mistakes.  
4) Frankly, it was kind of fortuitous, because the Black Bean Veggie Burger didn't sound that great to begin with, and it was like 9 bucks.  Right after I ordered it I was like, "Damn, Jane, why did you order that?  All you really wanted was the freakin Tater Tachos, admit it."
5) Bartender said that I look like Anna Paquin.  People have been telling me this for like 10 years, but it never gets old, and it never fails to flatter me.  I have a feeling everyone in New Orleans knows that if they cross me, this is the easiest and quickest way to get on my good side.
6) She rung me up and charged my card even though they have a $7 minimum that my bill didn't meet.  She made up the difference by taking money from her own tip jar (yes, I tipped extra to make up for it).
7) After that, I realized I wanted a Coke, and she gave me one in a can and wouldn't charge me for it (yes, I left her a dollar for it).  
I hope none of this gets anyone in trouble from some dick manager that keeps track of every can of Coke and every honest mistake.
Anyway, the Tater Tachos were fine, but they're a lot better when you're drunk.  I liked that they were not stingy with the salsa (they gave me two things of it) and they didn't forget to leave off the sour cream (that shit is nasty).
So yeah, good staff.  Hopefully the bartender with the 'tude is gone.We drove out of our way, paid for parking and our only expectations were to have a meal where an omnivore and vegetarian can enjoy a meal. It was disappointing, but adequate.
The menu is small, but they have daily specials that seem to supplement the limited selection.
I had the pulled pork sandwich (po boy?) which consisted of shredded pork, one or two pieces of romaine lettuce and cole slaw. The pork did not have much taste to it, but the cole slaw which also was a bit bland gave it a good texture. The lettuce seemed out of place. The bread was good, but the sandwich desperately needed sauce. I guess I could have used the hot sauce on the table?
We also ordered tater tots. They are nothing more than frozen tots from a bag put into an oven.  They were harder than they should be like they were overlooked or reheated. I saw tots in a saut pan on the stove. I expected a dipping sauce, no luck just ketchup. They didn't seem to be seasoned either.
Ultimately I had low expectations and this place was just a bit below them. Please add more sauces, season meat and the tots and only serve them fresh (I'm ok with frozen tater tots).I visited NOLA in mid-October for a long weekend and the entire trip was a blast. 13 Monaghan was one of my stops on the trip!  Located in the slightly more low-key area of Frenchman, I love their laid-back, alternative vibe and delcious menu chock-full of veggie options.  My boyfriend and I sat at the bar and got the tater tachos, along with lots of PBR and a couple mixed drinks. This was our first bar that night (Aunt Tikki's and the Abbey followed) and it definitely set the right tone!  So much fun, and if I'm ever back in New Orleans, I would love to come back here.Just went there again tonight. The food and service were as great ever. It was our first visit in the evening, so it was more crowded than I had ever seen it, but  all the people there were cool and laid back. Also, I just realized that they are smoke free, which is a BIG plus for me!Looking for vegetarian options in New Orleans can be a bit like looking for a needle in a haystack, especially later in the evening. Luckily, 13 Monaghan has you covered. 
We went in just before midnight and had the "Tachos" (tater tot nachos) and a Tofu Reuben. The Original Tachos are topped with vegan chili, cheddar cheese, and jalapenos with sour cream and salsa on the side. They were nothing fancy, but tasty and filling. The Tofu Reuben was delicious. Great sauerkraut, lightly toasted and flavor-ful rye bread. Other veg choices included a tofu banh-mi and a BBQ Tofu sandwich.
The ambience of this place is a bit dive bar-ish and it's 21 and over only. They serve mostly beer including some good local options. 
For the omnivores they have plenty of meat options, too.No Smoking!!!!  Yay!!!!
It's great to go to a bar in NOLA and not be bombarded by smoke coming from every direction. Every time I'm on Frenchman I stop in to this place to drink and sometimes eat. The drink they specialize in (along with their sister bar Molly's at the Market) is their Frozen Irish Coffee. The large one is especially good with an extra shot of 12 year Jameson mixed in. Food can be ordered at the bar or they have a small seating area toward the back, where a server will come to your table. If I haven't already eaten at Mona's across the street, or it's late, I get their soup of the day. It really doesn't matter what the soup is it is ALWAYS superb, and sometimes it's vegetarian. The traditional tachos are always a favorite, and the pizza is fantastic (ask for it with basil, tomatoes, and goat cheese). 
This place has a good jukebox too, nice selection of local stuff along with the old and the new music. I've never been disappointed coming here and many times I just want to drop in for a quick drink, and wind up staying much longer than I planned. The people are nice, the atmosphere is great, the place is clean, and the prices are reasonable. What more do you need!Tator f***ing Tachos. Need I say more?
Very well, then, the bartenders are friendly, the atmosphere is nice, and there are lots of vegetarian options.
But go for the tator tachos.I had the bird wrap it was awesome for a fast lunch. Great spot for people like me, who are not into seafood. They also have tofu on the menu!I ordered the Tater Tachos and frozen irish coffee.  Everything was really good and even the cook came out to discuss how we enjoyed our food.  Him and the server seemed very invested in what they were making here and genuinely appreciated any feedback.  This was a great place to stop by and eat at while visiting all the bars on the same street.Is this restaurant new compared to other New Orleans restuarants?  Is that why I don't have to wait to get a table?  It's weird, man... because this place is great.  I go to Three Muses down the street and they tell me it's an hour and a half wait, yet I'm able to just come in and get food right away here.  Seems messed up.
Anyway, this is a cool bar with very good food.  We had the "Tater Tachos" and they were a great starter.  Tater tots covered in a bunch of taco fixins, they had a nice heat to them and were something I've never eaten before anywhere else.  I also had some spinach and artichoke pizza with a garlic sauce on it - and that did not disappoint either.  Try this place next time you're hungry on Frenchmen Street.Before heading to Molly's in the Market (a sister bar to this fine establishment), I needed to eat some food. As a vegetarian, it's hard to find much in Louisiana. Believe me, I tried. Thankfully, NOLA has been swarmed by dirty hippies (a lot of whom went to my college!) and they know how to make a delicious veggie sandwich. If you're not down with crayfish or BBQ or meat in general, come here. And then go drink. A lot. At Molly's. Try the Frozen Irish Coffees. Stop looking at this screen. Go do it.I've eaten here a few hundred times, no exaggeration. Their food is consistently excellent. My recommendations? Pulled pork, srirachos, sesame chicken salad, daily soups, GBBLT, breakfast sandwich, turkey bacon sandwich.... And of course, frozen Irish coffee. You won't regret anything on that list--- promise.I came here for a late night bite and overall I would say this place was fair. I was told to go for their "tachos" which are like nachos that replace chips with tator tots. The tots to me tasted like it was very obvious they came out of the freezer but it was 2am and I was hungry. I also tried the pulled pork sandwich which was satisfactory. 
The service also did take way longer than expected however, this could be that it was late night and they only really had one cook with a decent amount of customers.
With that being said, I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to try anything in particular here BUT if you're on Frenchmen st, hungry, and it's late I wouldn't turn it down.The food was edible, but incredibly bland. I wouldn't say this is a place that really stands out. The bread on the sandwich was good. The service was incredibly slow and it appears to be difficult for the staff to accept payment.Tater Tachos.. YUM!! YUM!! YUM!! These were soooo good that we bought tater tots on our first trip to the grocery store back home. We plan to try and recreate this dish at home one of these days.. 
It is one of the few places with tasty vegetarian options. Its located on the relatively quiet frenchmen st. 
We also had their veggie Po-boy and Potato Quesedilla. I didn't like the po-boy as much because of the mustard in it and it also felt a little dry. The quesedilla were good, tasted like masala dosa. We were full so, took most of them home and had it the next day.. 
Definitely worth another visit.My husband and I ate here the other night...  I'm nto sure why everyone raves about the Tater Tachos... they weren't that good.  Tater tots with cheese and black beans?  Thats really what everyone thinks is so amazing?  ....  C'mon ppl. how drunk are you?  I could make that in my microwave in like 15 seconds...
Anyhow, the rest of the meal was pretty damn delicious.  I had the Roasted Vegetable appetizer... It came with pita triangles and a TON of goat cheese.  It was so sooo good.  Even my meat-eating husband couldn't stop shoving it in his face (and later admitted that it was his favorite part of the meal ! )
My husband got the pulled pork po boy -- which was also "discustingly delicious" as the bartender said....
We certainly had leftovers... If there was one part of this meal that I could have done without, it would defiantely be the tachos.. 
We're thinkin about goin back asap to get that roasted veg appetizer... mmmmService seems to be a hit or miss. First time we came, we had great service as far as getting our orders taken and getting utensils, etc. Second time leaned more on the self-serve side. 
The frozen Irish coffee is amazing, and the cheese tots are great after a late night. Good place to go if you're on Frenchmen.After days of cobbling together vegetarian-ish meals (pizza, super-boring veggie jambalaya) in New Orleans, it was nice to eat at a restaurant where catering to vegetarians was not an obvious after-thought.  Note:  vegetarian is not always synonymous with healthy.  I was super tempted by the tater tots nachos with black bean chili.  The tofu BBQ sandwich lived up to expectations, as did the cocktails.  The service was prompt and personable and the local vibe much appreciated.I didn't even get to order!
I was searching far and wide for a place on a Sunday night at 10:00 pm which had vegan options. Lemme tell you, if you're in my spot: Give it up now.
Anyway, I called the bar so I could ask a few questions about the food and confirm that: 1. They were still doing delivery. 2. Certain choices on the menu are/can become vegan. I got hung up on TWICE.
First time I called, I asked if they were still doing delivery. The man on the phone told me that I have to order through UberEats. He immediately hung up after that. No goodbye. No "have a nice night". Nothing. Immediately hung up on. I was about to ask if the original tachos could become vegan. The dish is described to be vegan chili with cheese.
Second time I called, I asked if the original tachos were vegan. He said they could be made vegan. ...I don't understand the point in there being vegan chili if you're not going to have vegan cheese in there... but okay. I asked if any other items on the menu could be made vegan, and he said that I could "make anything with a V by it vegan". I was on the website for the menu and there was nothing that indicated a "V" on it. He asked me if I was ready to order, and I said no. He said, "Okay, well call back when you're ready to order," and hung up on me without notice AGAIN.
No, I'm not calling back. Thanks.I stopped in here on Lundi Gras with a friend after a recommendation from a Lyft driver. We needed a quick bite to eat before trying to make a parade in the opposite direction. In Lundi Grad tradition, we still needed to eat our red beans for the day. We ordered an order of red beans and rice with the extra sausage added. Sausage was good and the red beans were phenomenal! We also had the Crawfish Boudain which was amazing as well. My best friend had never had an alcoholic frozen Irish coffee, and the bartender was nice enough to give him a sample to try before he purchased one to go. I was very impressed with the flavor, it was almost identical to another local bar known for its frozen Irish coffees. The prices were fair and the amounts were decent. I really want to give a 5 star review because the only real complaints I have are minimal, but I feel could use improving. The bartender seemed a little more pre occupied with customers at the other end of the counter, so we ended up waiting a bit longer to order, and then again later for silverware, then we wished being in such a hurry. I also have to say after 2 recommendations on the place, I expected the menu to have a few more options then it did, however I understand it is predominately a bar first. All in all, I would def go back here and give them another chance for a 5 star review.04/09/12 Spent last week in New Orleans and made a few trips to 13.  The food was still consistently delicious and I was finally able to try the tachos! Unfortunately they weren't as delicious as I had anticipated (maybe its just making them vegan friendly eliminated too many flavors).  Otherwise, my meals were yummy and the service was friendly.Regular customer. I come for lunch a few times a week. The food and service is amazing! Home made soups, delicious seasonal drinks. The frozen Irish coffee is sought out by locals. I LOVE the lunch specials. Cypress sandwich, BahnMi sandwich are my favorite. Bo and John are both fantastic bartenders. I feel at home here. Only complaint...AC. It's too hot in there. I really hope they can cool it down for summer. Picture is of the chicken sandwich. YUM!A good cheap place to eat if you are in the neighborhood. It stays open late and has delicious vegetarian options. The black bean veggie burger and grilled 3 cheese (with tomato) are good options.As promised, we made sure to come back to 13 Monaghan next time we were in the area
We ended up actually coming here twice - 1 time due to an effed-up dinner rezzie at another place & 2nd time for a to-go dinner to bring on our flight back to SF
Hanging out on visit #1, we lucked into this wonderfully dark ale - LA 31.  It was delightfully smooth & bold in flavor.  
Ordered the Tachos - Tater Tot Nachos w/ their homemade vegan chili, cheese, sour cream, cheese & all the other regular stuff that goes on nachos.  They were pretty darn tasty & I could see how they would be the perfect pairing to a drunken night of debauchery.....we however were not debauched
Also split the Mushroom Philly......this was only okay.  Canned mushrooms, peppers & cheese.  Nothing really special but we did want to give it a try b/c we know that on visit #2......
........we'd be getting to-go orders of the BBQ Tofu Sandwich.  Just as good as we remembered - nice slices of tofu w/ sweet yet tangy BBQ sauce.  While we were waiting, also decided to get 2 of their famous Frozen Irish Coffees
They were creamy & just a bit chocolaty but could not taste any alcohol.  Maybe these are the kinds of drinks that hit you later but since we each only had the 1, we felt nothing but satisfaction from its creamy deliciousness
So 13 - we still got a lot of love for you & will def make plans to see you againThe restaurant and bar people in New Orleans must really have each other's back.  13 Monaghan was recommended as a late night eats spot by not 1, not 2, but 3 bartenders and one local in separate spots throughout the city.  My at the time very inebriated boyfriend and my impatient self thank you.  It was worth the stumbling around being yelled at by some bums and spilling two water glasses.  Might I add the person working the counter that night we went in was super friendly and accepting of us, so thank you - we were a mess.  And thank you for the amazing recommendations, the call to grab food here saved our asses the next day from a painful hangover.Just okay... The menu online didn't exactly match the menu in house, but a friend and I managed to get a decent snack before headed across the street for some jazz!This was our first drink arriving to New Orleans, say about 3 or 4.  Cool little spot, had me a few LA 31s which were quite tasty.  Bartender Tom was cool, even gave me two dollars to put in the jukebox provided that I didn't play "Psycho Killer" from the Talking Heads.  That's a deal Tom.  Nice place to get a little fuel in the tank and calm our nerves having driven from San Antonio and getting popped by the po-po in effing Vidor for staying in the passing lane too long!  May a meteor strike Vidor if my prayers be answered.Great bar tenders! All the drinks are reasonably priced and well made. We kept coming back during our time in Nola, and over the course of a few visits we tried the sausage, pulled pork sandwich, several beers, a white Russian, and their delicious iced Irish coffee. All excellent, especially the sausage. The atmosphere is playful, comfortable, and clean. Also, there is a jukebox!I stopped in to kill some time on a late afternoon before some of the other bars on Frenchmen Street opened. It seemed like a cool bar with a nice vibe. I thought the service from the bartender could've been better. She wasn't welcoming or very friendly. She wasn't rude, but definitely not very nice. I see no reason to go back. Nothing special about the place.We live here on Frenchmen so we occasionally eat and grab a couple drinks at 13 when we're doing the late night music scene. We've never been disappointed. Last night was Halloween and street food was out due to the torrential downfall.  We rushed into 13 seeking refuge from potential disaster to my 1985 hair and makeup. (Rain + big hair = ) Once inside all I could smell was the tomato gravy from their Italian Sausage Po'Boy special. I love the tachos but that Po'Boy kept calling me. My husband and I both ordered the special and OMG!  Heaven!!!  Somehow mine disappeared in under five minutes and it was all I could do to keep from making a grab for my husband's. I behaved myself (barely) though and was rewarded with a yummy Irish iced coffee. Now all I need to do is find out if I can get on some sort of list to be notified whenever they serve this again.Still searching for vegetarian/vegan...no luck but 13 has some nice options.I had a HUGE black bean  burger with baked tater tots~ YUMMY~ Black bean patties were homemade of course. We also had a chicken salad, also very good. Only problem is that the place doesn't have a hood for the smoke and our eyes watered and burned so much we were both shedding a few tears. We will be back, mabe for a to go order!Fun. Good 90s vibe. No live music. Promising food. Fat cook. Nice bartender.
After a night on Frenchmen we came here for a quick snack. The bartender was definitely nice and really accommodating. There was no live music which was a little sad for Frenchmen but it definitely had its own vibe. It felt kinda 90s hipster to me (if that is even a thing). 
We tried the Tachos (Tater Tot Nachos) which were pretty good. Nothing to write home about but we did not regret them and we ate them all. 
However, a couple days later we stopped back in and got some food for take out. We got a spinach quesadilla and a BLT with Goat Cheese (It was called the G.C.B.L.T or something like that with a lot of letters in it). When we got back and had a chance to try them the quesadilla was alright. Lacking in some flavor and the sauce was a little weird - not sure what it was supposed to be. The sandwich was great though. Definitely fresh and just a good blend of flavors overall. 
Give it a try if you like the vibe when you walk in. It is definitely not for everyone though.It's decent food, nice folks working there. The tater tots are great, the crawfish sandwich we got was okay.Came down here Halloween night and still got great service ordering at the bar, whilst my boyfriend simultaneously ordered the same food from a waitress (I didn't know there was one). I cancelled one of the orders when I realized and the waitress was very gracious about drunks who weren't communicating.
Food: the gumbo was amazing. Great roux. I loved that it had seafood and sausage. I had the red beans and rice. I'm not from NOLA, so maybe I don't know how it's supposed to be, but I like mine soupy. The smoky bean broth is my favorite part. This was a tad dry. But on top was some amazing sausage, sliced in half. Can't complain about the quality and getting great service at 3 in the morning in the middle of the Frenchman.overpriced crap presented as trendy local style fare.  the menu sounds great but tastes bad.   its does have a nice atmosphere.  the "roast beef debris" poboy  was chopped processed beef  covered with obvious can gravy served in a cheap dried out piece of bread.   they also try to pass off frozen tater tots covered in cheese as some kind of artisan dish.   the caprese sandwhich did have real mozzarella but again a small amount of processed pesto on a small what seems like a toasted hot dog bun.   if you like feeling like a hipster and paying higher end prices for lower end foos served on paper baskets this is your nirvana.this was my local while staying a few blocks away during my annual Halloween pilgrimage to NOLA.
They have decent bar food, not amazing, but if it is after 1am it is probably some of the only food you are gonna get so that alone makes it score up a few notches.  The BLT is particularly nice when you need to cushion that all-day binge you have been on...
They have a nice selection of craft beers including my local favorite LA 31 biere pale...  Sometimes it ain't too cold, but they are quick to warn you about that and are happy to let you check the temp to see if you want something else.
The bar is no smoking, which is nice, and they are nazis about it, which is even nicer.  The smoking is jarring when you visit NOLA from a non-smoking city and you are reminded of how much more you need to wash your clothes and your eyes when everything stinks and you have the burning blood shot visage to go with it...
The bar is also no kids, and they are nazis about it, which is also even nicer.  Too many breeders think their rug rats are welcome everywhere but Frenchmen St at 11pm on Halloween?  Really?
They also have a very fun and professional staff which does not suffer fools.  
So, fools be warned.  
My favorite moment in this bar was when some tool proved incapable of speaking in a comprehensible manner and the bearded bartender called him out:  "What?  WHAT?  You see, I am your bartender, and when you MUMBLE I cannot understand you and thus I cannot serve you!"
Priceless.
Kudos for surly service when it is deserved sir!
I liked this place a lot, the tachos were tasty and fun, beer was cheap, and they had a good jukebox with more than just the local "hobo rock" which the other local joints seem to play 24-7.A gem for vegetarians & vegans, amidst a city geared toward carnivores!  Delicious BBQ tofu sandwich, chill vibe, friendly staff, reasonable prices, and not-to-miss "tachos" (what?!? Yes, thats tater tots under jalapeos , cheddar and sour cream - yum). Located near all the jazz bars on Frenchman street. I'm a fan.WOW!!!! Absolutely terrible! Even when the service staff isn't playing touchies with each other, the opportunity to strike to order anything is obviously very slim. Someone should let these 30-year-olds know that college is over. The sandwich I ordered (classic philly, extra meat, add goat cheese) was a farce. I don't expect a true Philly cheesesteak in New Orleans, but I have to put my foot my foot down when it comes to dry bread, a thin spreading of meat (I'd hate to imagine what a "normal" portion looks like), a complete lack of "Swiss" cheese, and the negating of anything resembling goat cheese. Two dry and crumbly hunks of bread with barely-there meat and Swiss flavor accented with the raw pickings of the outer side of a Spanish onion and over-cooked sloppy green peppers is not what I ordered! Did I mention it cost $12? Oh, and if you want an order of tater tots, just remember you're only getting fourteen pieces. What a joke. If you have COOKS on staff that can't COOK, then it's time to GO OUT OF BUSINESS. I only hope it happens sooner than later. I will never be back until I see a bulldozer outside this dump just to spit some dry bread crumbs on its corpse. Can't come soon enough! Might be the worst place to spend money in New Orleans! VISITORS BEWARENice little restaurant with quite a few healthy options on the menu. Salad ingredients were super fresh and the roasted vegetable po-boy was fantastic! Server/bartender was helpful and fun to talk to. Cool art on the walls, some of it priced way too low!!! I wish I had brought home a couple of the paintings, but was on my way to Snug Harbor and didn't want to haul them around. Will definitely visit again when in the area.Whew....what an interesting place. What I will say is that the food is delicious. We ordered a pepperoni pizza, spinach salad with mushrooms, cucumbers, and red onions, and a tator tot mix with jalapeos and sirracha. 
The food did not disappoint, but the service was definitely lacking. There was only one person working in the entire kitchen for a restaurant full of several hungry guests who only had water to remedy their hunger pangs. The lady who served us seed stressed out and in need of a rest and a cool drink. 
A good late night spot to get decent food, but not too sure if the experience is worth the wait.I AM SO GLAD THEY ARE OPEN SO LATE.
Not really sure why I haven't written a review for 13 yet. I love the Tater Tachos and I love Dave who works there. I arrived alone once before any of my friends got there and we tried a white wine together cuz it was new on the menu and he didn't know what it tasted like. And I returned last night and he remembered me!
I think it was like 2:30 when I decided that I needed food in my stomach. I was thinking tacos at Three Muses, but they were closed. The guy that sells food on the little cart outside d.b.a. was selling mac and cheese and stuff (I went looking for him because he was selling mu gu gai pan last week and I told him I'd be back another time to try it). And I saw that 13 was still open! Yay!
I split the pulled pork sandwich with someone (with tots on the side instead of chips, of course) and it hit the spot. Next time I'm trying the GBBLT. :)Really impressed with this place. I was in town for a major swing dance convention and this place was across the street from one of our events. All of a sudden their restaurant is full with about 50 swing dancers at 1am on a Sunday. Game on!
With one cook, one server and one bartender, they worked hard to get our orders out and keep us happy. I waited with a tasty beer at the bar. While we were some of the last people to get our food about 45 minutes after arriving, I was really impressed with how they handled the situation. They even brought in an extra cook. 
We devoured the tachos and a simple pita pizza. Definitely get the tachos. And then get another order. Tastes even better late at night with beer, I promise.So...foodie family trying to sort out options in NoLa with one vegetarian and one the complete opposite was enough of a challenge... But on our son's 18th birthday, we tried to spend the evening on Frenchmen listening to music, since he is really into music and about to major in it in college. We had a fancy brunch earlier so were looking for casual and inexpensive eats before music. I chose 13 online bec of the menu. At the door, the bouncer asked the two young people if they were 21. One is 20, the other 18, so they said no, and he refused to let them in. I said we were their parents and were only going in to eat. Still a no go. We ended up at a more expensive place we hadn't planned on, dinner was just ok, and then found very few places with music that would let us in with the under-21s. After an hour or so wandering and listening from the sidewalk, we passed back by 13 and noticed the sign in the window: " no one under the age of 18 allowed." So why did that guy insist they had to be 21 to go in for dinner?? Makes no sense. We promptly found another place with the same sign and good music and they were happy to let us in. 13 needs to get a clue.One of my favorite spots in nola! Everything I've had here which has been probably half the menu has been delicious! One of my favorites is the GBBLT I would also recommend any pizza, egg sandwich (fluffiest eggs you will ever eat) and the boudin is a must.Honestly I gave 13 wide berth for awhile because I thought it was a vegan bar. What I got when a friend coaxed me in was a vague punk rock vibe (win) and a menu that did indeed have veggie all over it but meat as well (double win) and some playful snackage! (Their tater tot appetizers are delicious) The wait staff there is also relaxed and friendly. One of my favorite neighborhood drop ins.I've been to 13 almost every weekend for  a year now, and it is honestly still my favorite bar in the city. I've been in many times at noon for a sandwich and a bloody Mary when the ambiance is chill and the bartender has time to chat and loved it. I've also been in many times at midnight on a Saturday when things are hopping and a good time was had by all. The food and drinks are always wonderfully and promptly prepared. I've also gotten to know the staff pretty well, and I have to say that both the kitchen and the bar are fantastic, keeping that place going and people happy through the best and worst of times. It should definitely be stated that this staff has to deal with a huge amount of disrespect with a smile on their faces. Note this. It's Frenchmen, the servers often get treated like shit. I  checked in to see the rating for 13 on yelp expecting to see the 5 stars they deserve. I have say, some of these reviews should be totally disregarded. Whoever posted about the bad experience and the hamburger they ate should ask themselves if it was even 13 they were reviewing, because 13 has NEVER served hamburgers. Anyone who has written a poor review has obviously not looked around and taken in any of their surroundings. It's a bar on Frenchmen st, most often with only one bartender/server working in the front and one cook in the back. It takes a lot of hard work and patience to manage that kind of volume alone. Great food, great drinks, great atmosphere, great staff. Anyone who doesn't think so doesn't have a brain. The only way to get a disgruntled server there is if you treat them like shit. And then, you deserve much harsher treatment than they will ever give you.I wonder how many times I can say YUMMY. Smack in the heart of Frenchmens Street this was a perfect place to stop after a night of live music at the surrounding bars. Excellent vegetarian and vegan options (a surprising find in New Orleans). Their bbq tofu sandwich with vegenaise, all the fixings and chips was to die for. Service was great and so was the atmosphere overall!This place was awesome! They were open late, although they were a little slow, there was only 1 guy in the kitchen so I gotta give them that. We ordered a sausage and cheese w/ mushrooms and it was really good. Perfect drunk food after Bourbon street! My friend and I shared it and had leftovers for breakfast. We wanted to go back again but never got the chance to :( I'll be sure to try more next time I visit!One word: tachos. I've made it my mission to come here as close to every night when I'm in NoLa. Tachos are the closest I've come to a religious experience. (Two nights ago, we got 2x each kind for a group of 6.... And finished them all.). Trust me and try this place. Borrachos are my favorite.Tachos!!!  Imagine your favorite nachos, minus the chips, sub for tater tots.  POW.  Om nomm.  Great drunk food!This vegetarian did not go nuts for this place. We came here based on the yelp reviews and were pretty disappointed. I'm thinking maybe people come here late at night after drinking and were grateful for some late night eats. I on the other hand came her for lunch with my husband. It was super smelly. The food was average. Most important for my two star rating is that I went to the restroom and there was no soap. I can live with this, but then the girl from the kitchen went into the restroom. I was curious to see if she would wash her hands in the kitchen - which is in open view. She didn't. Then I thought, maybe she refilled the soap and I can go wash my hands. Wrong again. No soap. Of all the wonderful places to eat nearby, I definitely wouldn't eat here again.The guy was working his butt off and still provided great service. The food was amazing for a vegan/vegetarian and the vibe was cool. Walkable to live music after.This is the bar to stop in and grab a good bite and a beer or two.  Very affordable!  Bar staff and kitchen, all were very nice.  Had a chicken wrap that was delicious while there.I was completely unaware of this place. I was out with my friends, and my vegetarian friend suggested we go here. I didn't really have any kind of preconcieved notions about the place so I had no idea what I was in for. I was pleasantly surprised. The place was packed so we waited at the bar for a table. The drinks were good, the bar tender was not skimpy on the liquor by any means. In fact he could have been a little less generous, as they were pretty strong. After about a 20 minute wait, we got a table. The waiter was a very friendly guy, he was a little slow, but that's ok, we were on frenchman. I ordered the gbblt which is like a blt just with goat cheese and basil pesto. It was on this amazing multigrain toast, it was awesome. My friend had the tatertots that were covered in blackbeans, cheese, and salsa. What a great idea!! I think I found a new spot to eat when I am out in the marigny.Get the Debris Tachos. They are outstanding. They have a good beer selection, the food is great. It's a hidden gem near bourbon street.The best part about this place was the speedy delivery. 
We ordered Philly Cheesesteaks 
Mines: greasy mess,flavorless meat
Hubs: not enough meat or cheese, no flavor3.5/5 TACHOS
good lord these tachos are a life saver. so is the coffee icee thing they serve (i'm sure it has a name, my drunkass just doesn't remember). i like this spot, it's a nice little time-out from the rest of frenchmen. grab that coffee thing to perk up, and have some tachos to soak up the alcohol. i mean tater tot nachos. genius.Their vegetarian and vegan offerings are all really good (as is the food in general) but the place is often filled with really obnoxious people and after having friends harassed by one of them who was a bartenders friend and being made to feel like we weren't welcome over the ordeal, i'm unlikely to go back. It's a shame because I used to like going there, but I'd already started checking to see who was working before I'd eat there or even sit down, so I've given up on them.As a few other yelpers have already mentioned, they have TATER TACHOS. After reading a few reviews, I'm starting to wonder if New Orleans needs a Tachos Anonymous meet-up. There is more to 13 than tachos, guys. (um, Baked Herb and Tofu Sandwich! HELLO!!) But if you want to have a meet-up, I'm in...
...assuming there will be tachos provided.
Don't sit at the tables. Fight for a seat at the bar (unless I'm there, then back the eff off). Trust me. It just is what it is. If you do have to sit at the tables bring good company or a good book with you and be prepared to wait for your delicious food. The bar is where the magic happens. Geoff and Tom are the bee's knees. Two of the most entertaining bartenders in the city (again, trust me, I go to bars solo for socializing) 
Pro tips: They carry Ginger Beer!! And sometimes their Soup of the Day is a Bloody Mary (they even put a splash of guinness in it... how very irish.) Thank me later.A friend introduced me to tachos many years ago. I just went back and I was as satisfied now as I was all those years ago. Especially happy now that I'm visiting on a trip to see my friend married. Great place! Happy memories.Went there for late night food, and anytime a place has tots it's the fastest way to my heart. First time I went there I had a shrimp boudin sandwich 5/5. I went there the next day to get the goat cheese, Italian chick sandwich. Great spot loved it!I came here with a buddy on a rainy Thursday. Beer on draft was a bit limited, unfortunately, but our bartender was really cool.
I got a BBQ tofu sandwich with vegan mayo and a side of tater tots, my friend got some kind of goat cheese and bacon concoction. We devoured them in about seven minutes. My sandwich was delicious, and I always appreciate when veggie protein is included on a menu and I'm not just eating a wad of grilled vegetables and vinaigrette on bread! Short wait and conveniently located on Frenchmen. I haven't been in the evening yet to observe the more drink oriented scene, as I tend to avoid this street come nighttime.Step on in out of the sun, son. Great bar to sit and refresh while exploring the neighborhood. Feel like a "beer smoothie?" Strawberry Abita comes close.Fuck an A. This is one of the better vegetarian spots I've been to in NOLA. If I'd been here drunk it'd probably be the best. Why? Because everything is made out of tatertots and tofu.The fake reuben is killer. The waitstaff is far to kind to serve cheesesteaks (even if they're of the imitation mushroom variety) but perhaps the purveyor will pay for his employees to receive training in Philadelphia so they too can tell everyone to fuck themselves with every sandwich.
 This is the bomb spot for drunken vegetarianism.It is very rare that I, as a vegetarian, walk into a restaurant and have so many options, that I can't decide what to pick!!!! But I did decide, I went with the mushroom Philly cheese sandwich, and the vegetarian chili totchos!! Both were delicious! The atmosphere was good, the service was good! I will definitely return to 13!!!The perfect spot if you're in New Orleans, but want to be in the Pacific Northwest. Also a must for the discerning vegetarian getting sloppy drunk on Frenchmen St.This is the kind of place I love. Basic food available, a fun bar, and a great location. What's not to like?