Wow, I've been coming to NOLA for over 20 years and this was my first trip to Frenchmen St. I was not disappointed!!!  Great live music, very CLEAN bar with the best pizza I've ever had!!!  Not a huge menu, but if you want great music in a comfy place away from the crazy crowd, THIS IS IT!!!Great looking spot, nice band and no cover. I wouldn't really be swayed too much by the three one-star reviews underneath. Seems like three people in the same party wrote a bad review EACH for ONE incident which occurred on NOLA's busiest day of the year, Fat Tuesday, no less. C'mon, guys. That's just being a bit unfair.
I had an After Dark and my boyfriend had an East Meets West. Perfectly fine drinks and the service was great. We got a spot at the bar as soon as we walked in (granted, it's the Monday after Mardi Gras).Delicious jambalaya and great live music! We liked that this was out of the craziness of Bourbon street and felt a little more authenticFavorite spot on Frenchmen, and one of my favorite bars in NOLA. If I'm on Frenchmen, my night always ends at 3090, for a little bit of Jazz downstairs, and the awesome DJ upstairs!Shane was the best waiter.  He told us about feminist specials and helped us select our choices.  He suggested crawfish dip that was DELICIOUS!  The raspberry chipotle chicken wings were extraordinary!   The music was great.  Very neat place in a cool neighborhood!This place was fun spot on Frenchmen! There was a great young band playing jazz when we came in. They did a great job. Ian (the bartender) made excellent cocktails. He made me a green gin martini concoction for my first drink and a amazing authentic (but potent) Sazerac for my second drink.   
If you are looking for a fun, chill vibe bar where you can drink and listen to jazz with friends, add this place to the list!We sat at a table at around 10pm and listened to the first band and had a lot of fun but would not have been extremely memorable. We waited for the next band and planned to listen for a couple songs. The next band was Hyperphlyy and they were so much fun!! They played songs you knew but didn't know you loved them so much! We stayed until 1:30am and we are people that go to bed at 9pm....
Couldn't find my credit card and manager Nick was extremely helpful and completely professional. We were really impressed!
Go here!I rarely write reviews. Honestly I've never experienced such rude and hurtfully disrespectful service in my life.  Racist(never play that card) and/or idiotic staff almost ruined a segment of a great weekend night for our bachelor party.  Just avoid, enough great people and food in NOLA.Wanted to love this spot but unfortunately didn't have the best experience.  Went on a Wednesday night for happy hour and it was pretty busy but managed to get a table.  They only had one waitress working so we had to wait quite a bit for service - seemed odd to only have one person working when it was so busy.  
We ordered a dozen raw oysters and a dozen charbroiled oysters.  The raw oysters were great, the charbroiled oysters were only okay (especially compared to Acme)
Just stayed for happy hour so can't speak to the rest of their food!Food was terribly oversalted for our entire party of 6. My girlfriend alerted the waitress to the issue in the interest of future patrons that night but had a lukewarm response. We could all tell that our individual dishes would have been tasty if not for the over-salting. I had the shrimp and grits, others had the jambalaya, chicken and sausage gumbo.has a great time here.  experienced my first live performance with the band that was there when  i dropped in.  muscicians seemed really tired though but hey it was the end of the essence festival.  it was a fun place.Great place to go! Band is amazing. Great jazz but does covers of old popular songs. Really enjoyed myself! Must visit.Cold air pours onto the street at this very loud "restaurant" where this morning before they open the clean up crew blocked the entire sidewalk with their garbage cans and refused to let me pass.  My hands are full so I push my way through to the threats of violence from the large male crew member.  I have smelled good things coming from the kitchen but may never spend dime here if this is how they are represented on the street.Stumbled upon this place after dinner, so we didn't get to try their food but we did have a couple drinks. And OMG the drinks were thee BEST! Ask for Aaron and his famous Hurricane! You will not be sorry. Hands down the best in NOLA and that alone deserves 5-stars!Not sure where to start! We met the chef Jason (Chicago kid, Cubs fan, Hawks fan! Doesn't get any better) on the street, across from his restaurant, at a bar we stumbled out of! They are a new place and just opened for Mardi Gras 2015! They are off to a great start! Jason cooked me up oysters 5 different ways! Incredibly Awesome! They do pizza, all  fresh, made to order ingredients, and the crust, you guessed it homemade! (Remember the kids from Chicago,) only the best pizza in the world is made in Chicago! This guy brings it!  He adds the NOLA culinary excellence in his pizzas! Truly a delight! Where can you get a Chicago style pizza thin crust with Sunday's left over crawfish boil as the toppings?! (This isn't on the menu but he isn't afraid to experiment.) Crawfish, potatoes, (I know double starch but not to worry) corn, Cajun spices, add a little sausage n cheese on a delicious crust and it's truly a culinary experience! The bar is fresh the music is awesome!  the waitress, Brandy is a sweetheart, great sense of humor and a lot of fun! Try there twist on a version of the Moscow mule it was really great! We will definitely be back! This place is a hit!!One star only because our waitress, Leah, was incredibly rude the entire time. Truly ruined the experience. Without her, the atmosphere was great, awesome live band! Would recommend it, unless Leah is your waitress--then expect to not have everyone in your group asked for their orders, greeted with a ridiculous attitude, and randomly given the bill without asking if we would like more drinks. Good luck! Great experience, minus her!Awesome show...Bar food was the best I've had. The waitress was amazing..a must to checkout in NOLAThis place has opened up 3 weeks ago and the bands here are simply brilliant.
They serve only pizza. We ordered 4 cheese and the chicken pesto..., the 4 cheese was ok and chicken was good..,, the overall ambience and service is great.... I'm sure this place will be a hit but they need to change their menu a bitAwesome bands downstairs, top 40 dj upstairs. Gives you the best of both worlds on Frenchmen and rarely has a coverThe service is terrible. We sat down for 30 minutes and no one came to get our order. We let the waitress know that no one had taken our order, and she said just a minute. It turned out to be forever. We let the manager know and he said the same thing but nothing happened. We saw the waitress walk back and forth and ignored us when we tried to get her attention. We ended up ordering from the bar ourselves. The drinks were ok, but no comment about the food cause we never tasted it and never will!Great flat bread! The small was too much for me and I can eat. Music was fantastic! The server was very friendly...solidly the bast music and bar experience we had this trip.  The band was awesome, awesome ...did I say awesome?! 
The Bardot 57 was yummy.  Which is why I can't recall name of the bandThe music here is phenom. There's a raised stage with plenty of seating compared to other jazz places in the area. Even with all the seating, this place gets packed and people end up standing crowded around the seating so that if you're seated at the edge, you feel like they're breathing down your neck. Sometimes people will actually stand in front of the seating (very rude). 
The service is also pretty slow. There was one waitress working and she never brought our water which we asked for twice. She also insisted we "open a tab" with our credit card as it is policy before we even had a bite of our food, after which, she just went ahead and closed the tab anyway and gave us our bill mid-way through our meal. As a policy, I don't sign for the bill before I'm done with my meal because, well, I don't know, service should perhaps still be provided and the service I receive is how I tip -- odd concept, I know, at least it was to the waitress. She came over many times during our meal (where was she when we were actually waiting to order?) and literally huffed and puffed out loud when she saw the receipt wasn't signed.No more fifty cent oysters ("that was last year"). The regular raw oyster plate comes with two sauces, horseradish & mustard, and salad with strawberries is very nice & good size. Alcohol is measured carefully.  Service is confused, from a bartender who ignores everyone, including band members on break, then does not understand questions, to slow arrival of everything (at least that got an apology from deliverer). Ambiance is black box. If band is good, stay for them.One of the best spots on Frenchman St. Good food, good music and good fun! From open until close! If you are in the New Orleans area definitely check them out wether you want to go out on the town for the day or even at night the music is always live! You got downstairs with the live band and the upstairs balcony bar nightclub with some of the best DJ's in the New Orleans area! And also great staff with great service!Great music venue with good food & drinks as well. We sat outside & could hear the music and see the bands play. Will return on our next visit.I was there with my wife, daughter, and a few friends on 3/29. We sat outside in the courtyard. I must say the staff, the Manager Mia and the Chef "Smitty from the City" were just great and very attentive. Music was on point as well. We had three different kids of pizza and the roasted oysters. And the Bar Tender knows how to pour a good drink.  All were excellent. Next time in NOLA this place is a must.Good live music. We got there while the band setting up so we got a front row table. They had full table service and good drinks they have some food items to choose from. The nachos where okay I wouldn't order them again. The crawfish 2lb special for 15.99 was a good nibble while drinking and listening to music. The stars  are mostly for the entertainment, it was awesome  took one star away for the so-so food. But you don't come to here for the food anyway you come for the live  music and dancing. This place delivered.This place is extremely under-rated. Not crowded, great music, extremely well priced, with fantastic food. Their shrimp and grits were sooooo good. Love this place!!We came in from Oklahoma City and went exploring Frenchman Street. After a long walk and wondering from bar to bar, we overheard some great music and came across a not so jam packed bar which happened to be 30 90. We came in and were instantly greeted and the bartender asked what we wanted. The group of five of us ordered hurricanes and they were outstanding! Our bartender was a very nice curly brown haired lady who catered to us all nice. Constantly checking in on us even while we were sat on the patio.
The people who gathered at this bar were more than friendly as well! We were starving and some locals spoke with us and shared their pizza - which they have got OUTSTANDING pizza! Their four cheese is killer! I would definitely recommend even for a visit to pop in!Great live music on a Monday night. Enjoy some drinks while the band does some great covers. Food was not being served at the time I was there.
Pretty large place with a good amount of tables and chairs.I think I spent one of my whole nights here because they have amazing live bands and the second day I came they had one of the best bands I ever heard (I believe Genes Music Machine), I was hooked and just kept buying drinks.
Overall the space here is excellent with plenty of space and 2 floors.I blantantly saw a waitress steal a tip off the table when our food came out, the "manager" tried to force us full price while including a "free dessert" which was never (brought but included) because the drinks that the bartenders served us, came out 40 minutes late and under poured.1st time over to Frenchman street. Came to get a tattoo down the street and stumbled in here. Clean, nice club with great music and excellent food. Wife had the red beans & rice with Andouille. ...it was amazing and great service with a friendly staff....we shall return!Laurie took very good care of our group of four. Nice nice new venue. Menu is limited to Pizza and oysters. We had the Muffuletta pizza Which was very good.
Live music was very good with two bands the night we were there.
Mike the manager was very helpful also.Yo, if you are in the N. O. This is a must go fa sho.... The live jazz band on the first floor is cool, but check out the balcony/2nd floor upstairs, nice music nice ambiance, and very good service all around. When you are done frolicking in the French Quarter,l/bourbon st. Hop on over to Frenchman St, and hit up 3090.Great live jazz band. Great drinks. I love the vibe. Such a fun area to bar hop and see live music inside and on Frenchman Street.  The is an upstairs area with DJ and balcony, however you can't miss the live music downstairs. We were glued.This place has great potential. Great Jazz music, and bar service. Yet, poor communication skills of employees--actually rude with poor etiquette. While enjoying the music, drinks and about to order food our table and those of the groups around us were removed by staff. 
They gave no real explanation or warning at any time that this was coming. We were told we had to get off the table and to leave if we didn't like it. We tried to talk to the owner/manager and he said it was his employees and not him. He had nothing to do with it. Unbelievable. He took no ownership and had no leadership to offer his staff. A group of 4 at the table next to us, and our group of three left immediately after being treated this way. It hardly put a dent in his profits I imagine. It was a very busy evening being Fat Tuesday. Yet, I can't help but to think this place will not live up to its potential with such poor management and a distinct lack of leadership. The staff has not even been working long enough to have such poor customer service and attitudes. This place is newly opened!I walked into this restaurant with high hopes. First, I was brought in by an exceptionally sassy host. I was seated outside which I think was a good thing because inside seemed very loud and crowded. After ordering, the first meal took 10 minutes and the rest of the meals were brought to the table over the course after the next hour. The food wasn't exceptional, but wasn't bad. All in all, decent food, but not ideal for people in a hurry.Jordan the bartender here is amazing! I had a great pims cup. Great music and ambiance. Friendly service and a great crowd.This bar does everything right, one of the best bats I've ever been to. Downstairs had great live music, great staff, and the drinks are top notch. Go up stairs, you can turn up to dancing music, nice balcony, plenty of space. 
The best bar in New Orleans hands downWas searching up and down Frenchmen St for a place to get some New Orleans type food as well as something that is not too out of the ordinary. This menu looked decent and it was happy hour! They had a pianist playing some popular songs, she was really good at it. 
Sat at the high top tables by the side doors that were open. The doors bring in a nice breeze so you feel like your outside. The bathrooms are really clean and so nice. Gray tones. Service was amazing. The waiter was so friendly and made convo. I was surprised this place was empty but the place a few doors down was playing Jazz music so that's probably why.
Ordered Cajun Crawfish dip, Crawfish poutine, and chicken w/ andouille sausage gumbo. Let's start with the best all time fav out of my whole trip, the Cajun Crawfish Dip. Oh my lovely it was delicious! The panko breading top with the cheese crawfish middle. Put it on one of the toasted bread and you have yourself a party! There is a hint of cajun because it wasn't so spicy. Perfect. The crawfish poutine was good but since there was so much sauce, the fries got soggy quickly. The gumbo was for sure not our cup of tea. It was super salty and didn't taste anything like it should, was disappointed in that.Came in on a Thursday night and it was empty-ish and also kind of grimey. I enjoyed Blue Nile and Spotted Cat more. 
Maybe a different night would have been better but overall think there's better options on Frenchmen St.Our waitress took such excellent care of us, even moving us inside prior to a storm. I'd highly recommend the shrimp plate. Fresh gulf shrimp with a wonderful dipping sauce. The Sounds and jazz band on stage was fabulous too! A must stop on Frenchmen Street!This was my favorite place I went to in New Orleans! I had a large bowl of jambalaya while watching an incredible live jazz band, and I felt like I was getting the full experience of being in the city. The jambalaya was rich and flavorful, made with fresh chicken and andouille sausage. Of all the places I tried, this was my favorite version of the classic dish, and I enjoyed it even more giving the ambiance of the restaurant. I went multiple times, and the live bands were always very talented and blew us away! Definitely stop by if you're in the area!Nicest and newest bar on Frenchmen Street. They have a balcony, live music, huge televisions, great staff and food.30-90, the only bar I've come across in New Orleans that's clean.  If you're looking for a dirty bar with rancid air there plenty of dives on Frenchman or Bourban that suit your needs.  
Good sound for the live music.  It wasn't busy at all and the service was a bit slow.  Good (great for New Orleans) selection of draft beers.  As far as the sustenance, we did the oysters rockefeller, VERY good.Drinks are weak hostess is whack server  is black girl with side part weave is not very friendlyThis is one of my favorite bars/restaurants in all of New Orleans French quarter.  Always have a great variety of bands performing, drinks are solidly mixed and the food is great.  You don't always expends to get good food from a Frenchman street bar but the pizza, red beans and other items I've had always are packed with flavor. First place i bring visitors.  Outside patio+, second floor bar and DJ perfect for packed 1st floor.Worst place for a large group.  I have never been anywhere that can not do more than 4 separate  checks.  Manager on shift was very rude, and unaccomadating.  No ability to take reservations even though we have an email exchange with our reservation. This place, it is a horrible experience.  Never go to this place, I wish I could give negative stars.While walking down Frenchman Street, this was the next bar/lounge that a small group of us mosied into.  Meh.  Granted, it was almost midnight but it was a Saturday night.  The band playing was TERRIBLE .... you're in the French Quarter, on Frenchman Street, and the lead singer was shouting "G-d Damn" every two sentences or so .... I didn't realize we were in the middle of a hip-hop concert?  With the trombone and saxophone, we could have sworn it would be jazz they would be playing ....I would've given this place at least 4 stars had it not been for the way we were treated yesterday after several hours at this place. We came in around 3pm on Fat Tuesday. Every other bar on Frenchman was jam-packed but this place was completely empty, save for the band setting up. We picked a table one row back from the band and stayed for around 3 hours, all the while ordering round after round of drinks, enjoying the live music, and tipping the band. After several hours the place began to fill up. People started crowding around and we actually shared our table with a couple from Michigan. Out of nowhere the bartender came by and slapped a "reserved" placard on our table without uttering a single word. We're thinking: cool, we've been here so long he's reserving our table for us. Wrong! About 30 minutes later he came back again and literally picked up our table and carried it outside. When we're like "what the heck? that's our table!" he had the nerve to tell us we could still sit at our table...OUTSIDE. Mind you it's about 39 degrees out there. 
When I went to complain to the owner or manager, who had been hanging around the front door most of the time we'd been there, he had the audacity to pass the buck on his employee's rude and uncalled for behavior, basically just saying "hey it wasn't me." Might not have been you but it was YOUR employee, most assuredly working under your direction. Then the employee walks up to us and when I explained how rude it was to not give us a heads up that he would be taking our table away in about 30 minutes he looked over at the owner/manager and asked him something completely unrelated to what I was telling him. He completely ignored me. 
At a minimum I expected at least an acknowledgement that yes he could have warned us of our imminent ejectment. It seems their incredibly rude and unprofessional behavior toward customers is reflected in how long they've been in business: just a few weeks. If this is how they treat paying customers I don't expect them to establish a foothold in an area where there are bars and live music aplenty. 
I suggest you keep walking down Frenchman and find a place that actually values its paying clientele.Love the ambiance of this blues bar! it's on Frenchmen street competing with other live music, but I particularly liked this bar because it was spacious with plenty of tables and seats. Also, I love Ms. Whitney's voice (part of the band Mutinies) Be sure not to miss her!All we wanted was great music and amazing oysters... delivered in fine form.  We were loured in by the good vibe.  Very professional waitstaff, great atmosphere, band was on point.. awesome!  Dave the manager not only came to greet us, but spent some time with us and made us Canadians feel so welcome... not only in the bar, but in New Orleans!  Thanks Dave for the heads up.. Rebirth was unbelievable.If you're coming for music, consider this a good spot, but again, this is New Orleans, so good music is a given. The food, however, has nothing to do with the city's notoriety for excellent food.Stopped in here last night because the music just called to me, from a block away. This is one of the newer venues on Frenchman Street. It's very clean, modern looking and pleasant. The crowd was very attractive and the staff was attentive. The live band playing was simply amazing. I'm going to make sure and make a return here several times before I head home.The staff made an instant impression on me as especially friendly and attentive. I ordered water with my drink; the bartender refilled it twice for me, then came out from behind the bar, on a crowded Saturday night, to get my water cup from me and refill it, after noticing it was again empty. 
Also, the pizza is excellent, and there was a great band playing. Great atmosphere.This place is fantastic! Outstanding drinks and the best bartender!!! She was awesome!!! I'd definitely recommend this place for unique drinks. Also had a couple appetizers. Great experience!This place has great atmosphere and a big ole bar for merriment seekers. In true nawlins fashion, everything is served up in generous portions. Welcome home!
Now let me tell you about them shrimp and grits. So good! Far better than I've had in many places, in and out of Nee Orleans. Not runny, generous helping of French onions, topped with a pork shavings for seasoning. I don't even eat pork these days but I'm glad I didn't forgo it this time. 
It was a bit slow on service (a bit a lot actually), and it's hard to hear yourself as there is although a live band going. But the music was a treat (even if the street music was better... What else is new, right?)
I RECOMMEND: Passing through and nibbling while you drink
EXTRA TIP: Also good: the étouffé and the cocktailsI was here for two things: to try fried alligator, and happy hour on oysters. Sadly, they were apparently out of oysters that weekend, so had happy hour on wings instead. I'm not a fan of wings, but my wife is, so she ordered some. I did get to try the alligator, which came out in a reasonable time, and was decent enough - not amazing, but decent enough. I also tried their happy hour cocktail special, which I totally don't remember exactly what was in it, but it was pretty decent (but again, not amazing, just decent). And we enjoyed listening to the music, even if the best jazz we heard all week, was actually a group of guys playing just outside, in the courtyard, for tips. 
All that said, it took way too long to get the wings, and when they did arrive, they were literally room temperature. My wife threw most of them away. So, not overly impressed.Great music and great oysters!  Spent a nice relaxing evening listening to live music. Just a great place to experience a little New Orleans!Music was lovely, bar service was slow but good. Sadly, our mood shifted a bit when we tried to sit at a table on a Thursday evening. After sitting there maybe ten minutes with drinks purchased, the host came over and told us he "didn't make any money" if we didn't have a server taking our food order. We explained a server had not been by. He went off then returned ten minutes later and repeated the same info. We told him again that we'd be happy to order but no one had been by. I understand needing to make the dollars and all, but no need to be condescending/abrupt when it was the service that hasn't come to us. We did finally order, (oysters) and our waitress was pleasant as could be. Seems like management needs to work on communication/customer relations but the music made it worthwhile to us!The music was great. The band rocked nonstop and we danced until I thought my legs might give out.
The drinks were good and the bartender was friendly.Yes, Yes, Yes! I didn't eat food at this place, but I did have a few alcoholic beverages! Fun atmosphere, we arrived around midnight on a Saturday night or Sunday Morning while visiting the fun city of New Orleans..... No cover charge , just great music from the Soul Project of New Orleans.... drinks are a little pricey... didn't know the hurricanes were reeking havoc on my credit card.... but it was all work it.... had a great time.... very diverse crowd of people all looking to have a good time.....
Good place to dance the night away!Fun bar with awesome blues such as Ed Wills.
Good service.
Fair prices.
Their sharing dish Shrimp with Grits was great and I highly recommend it ($12)
Not crazy about their Poutine ($10)Food was decent, live bands were awesome. Service was terrible, didn't check on how we were doing on a regular basis, took forever on getting our drinks, other than that is was great.We arrived a little early and the place was empty.  By the time we ate... it was packed with people waiting for seating.  
What a great place to hear some live music. 
We ordered a beer and amaretto sour. Both were delicious...  cold and mixed great.  Our sever , Jessie, was great. She was the only one we saw that was waiting tables but she kept up great. I have never seen a waitress handle so many people so quickly and check in on us regularly. Even as her workload increased, we were never neglected. 
We ordered pizza. I got the artichoke and husband ordered pepperoni.  Both were great! Great flavors overall.  
They have an interior courtyard that the music is piped into so you can hear the band. 
We had a great time!  
The only reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the bathroom assistant.  This is a small bathroom and the assistant is completely unnecessary.  She put her fold out chair directly in front of one sink, had her items all over the counter, and her legs in front of the second sink. You basically have to lean over her or get uncomfortably close to wash your hands.  All this did was make going to the bathroom and hand washing fell uncomfortable. 
I used the restaurant's water, soap, and hand towels. 
While she may not work for the restaurant, they still allow her to set up shop.A little disappointed. 
When I walked in on a Saturday night in Nola, there was nobody at the hostess stand. Finally a guy came up and was talking to me for like 5 minutes... until a bouncer came and kicked him out for pretending to be an employee! The bouncer was just like "sit wherever" and that was that. It took 2+ hours for a table of 5 to get an order of a few flat breads and appetizers. We warned the server ahead of time that we would need separate checks and offered to put our meal orders in and pay upfront so she could close out our checks before it got busy. She declined and said she could separate our checks at the end... and then proceeded to have a meltdown when we asked for separate checks at the end. 
The food was good. But the service deserves an F.Nice bar with a large seating area, space to dance, and outside space. Although the bar was very crowded we were served very promptly. The music was awesome! Make sure to check this place out when you find yourself on Frenchman Street.This place is sooooo great! Crawfish is Inexpensive, hot and juicy! Live music. Great country and rock n roll bands! Highly recommend!Have now stopped in a half dozen times. The place looks great. Clean and new. Good space for live music. Well stocked bar. But on the downside, other than Matt capably tending bar a few of the times we were there, the bartenders and servers have been inattentive and uninterested. The drinks are priced higher than other bars along Frenchmen. The food choices are very limited.Cool bar and restaurant!! Enjoyed the oysters and the live music. Very cool decor also! This place is a must!Brand new but looks like it is really going to the class of Frenchmen. Beautiful place. Excellent staff with proven track record that we locals already know. Our experience so far is that they have hired good bartenders and are making great and diversified choices on the musicians they are booking. Matt our bartender told us it was mostly tourists so far - not surprising as we have commented each night we walk by that it really has an inviting "look in" factor. Locals will come - we love the music that is being booked and can't help but enjoy something new and nice that still has a downtown feel.3090 offers a diverse menu with great seafood selections as well as traditional Louisiana food. The music was good and the waitress was attentive, conscious of my comfort, and was very friendly. I will return the next time I am in NOLA.I visited a couple nights ago, and it was a good experience. The staff was friendly, and the atmosphere was nice. The live band was also cool, especially when they invited audience members to come to the stage and play with them. I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a casual bar.The band is just superb. We walked in late in the night, these guys rock. Nobody can stand still.The good: 
CLEAN.  I'm going to say it again: CLEAN.  I know there's a certain charm to the filthy, gritty NOLA venues, but it was SO nice to find somewhere that I didn't feel the need to get a tetanus shot after.  It was brand new when we visited -- signs talked about how they were open while they were finishing construction.  
Music.  The music was good.  I'm no jazz/blues expert, but I was entertained.  
Food/Beer.  We had the Oysters Rockefeller.  Delicious.  And they have a much larger beer selection than most of the other places we tried.  I'm from Chicago, so the prices didn't cause any alarm (as I've read in some other posts.)  
The bad:
They were SERIOUSLY disorganized.  We placed our food order and waited... and waited... and waited... and finally saw the bartender we ordered from frantically put it in about 30 minutes after she realized she never had.  Then no one went and got our food after it was ready.  It took about 45 minutes to get oysters.  Not a great start.  
Also, we heard one couple stop to tell a staff member they were leaving because they had never gotten served.  I believe it.
Lastly, a manager (?? it was hard to know who anyone was) loudly told an employee to "stop standing around" right in front of guests.  
Overall, 3 stars.  I don't live there, but I'd go back.  I want to believe this is a function of the new open more so than a flaw in the business model.I stayed for a short period of time in NOLA and I ended up coming here twice in the span of four days because of how awesome it is. Their live music is incredible and I highly recommend anyone to stop by here when you are visiting the city. 
The first night I came here, it was close to midnight and I stayed for almost two hours. There was an incredible live band with the artist rotating between vocals and drums -- everyone in this city is so incredibly talented. There was a lot of space to dance right in front of the live set and that night goes down as one of my favorites during the trip.
The second night I visited, we ordered food such as a jambalaya, wings, and gumbo while listening to live music. The jambalaya and gumbo were piping hot and very flavorful. It was also really great value and I was able to share it with a friend. The wings came in several flavors -- they weren't anything out of this world, but they were pretty decent. The service was also really kind, despite us asking for so much being that we were slightly drunk and very hungry. The next time I come to NOLA, I will definitely visit again.We were strolling down Frenchmen, when we heard music coming out of here and saw a crowd, so we decided to check it out.
It has been a while since I have been to Frenchmen, but I think that this place is pretty new- at least, it feels new. You walk in and the stage is right next to the front door, there are tables and chairs throughout and a nice long bar. One of the best parts of the downstairs are the huge screens so that you can see the band, even if there's a crowd.
We headed upstairs, just to see what was going on and it's more "club mode" up there. We arrived early in the evening, so there weren't a ton of people, but there was a huge dance floor and another nice bar. The cool thing about the upstairs is that they have a balcony, so a lot of people were taking advantage of that and enjoying the nice evening.
This place is a lot better than a lot of other music clubs on the street that get jam packed quickly and are uncomfortable to the point that you can barely move. The band that was playing was solid and everyone was having a good time. I'd return.Great food, atmosphere on the back patio is amazing, and our server Shane has been the best one we have encountered in NOLA yet!Music leaves a lot to be desired. Bartenders are on that same level. Especially when they want to charge $7 for a Blue Moon. There is a line under their draft list separating PBR and Blue Moon from the rest and $5 domestics sign next to those 2. Better places on this street.A great find during our trip to New Orleans. They only serve Pizza and oysters, but it was the best Pizza I tasted in NOLA.  The oysters were very large and the best tasting I had my entire trip. Live music was kept at a nice volume so we could actually talk with our friends. The place is newly constructed and very clean. The staff were very friendly and attentive.Had a bad experience but they made up for it ten fold. I ordered some buffalo wings and a catfish poboy which I was waiting to order once I had my wings. Both were excellent. The wings took over 30 minutes to get. I believe they had a mishap in the kitchen causing the delay. The bartender was very apologetic and bought me a beer in the meantime. 
Once I went to tab out, I noticed the bartender took off my catfish poboy from the bill as well. I wasn't even upset whatsoever about the wait and told the bartender is was ok. I was in New Orleans on business just looking for a nice place to take my time eating dinner anyhow. 
Next time I'm in NOLA, I will definitely be back to this spot. The live music being played was terrific as well. Gave me a real local New Orleans feel.The 2 of us saw their 50 cent oysters happy hour and decided to go in. We took a seat at the bar. It took a few minutes to be helped but then bartender Brooke assisted us. As seen in the advertisement hanging in fluo colored letters over the bar, we ordered the $2.50 HIgh Life, $8 watermelon madness and a dozen of oysters. All was served quickly. The oysters were delicious! The beer was great and the cocktail was probably the best I had during my whole time in NOLA. Suddenly we notice a plastic cup with liquor. I ask Brooke what it was and she said it was Jameson. We said we didn't order it neither want it, yet she insisted it was a better deal for us. We told her we ordered only the beer but she said you cant do that, you can only order the combo. We asked why it was advertised by itself on the board then. She looked up and said it's not. What we saw was "erased badly by someone working there" and "her knees hurt so she can't climb up there to erase it better". When I asked for her manager she said, obviously agitated, that "she only is trying to give us a better deal and the manager is not going to tell us anything different" after which she emptied the cup of Jameson in front of our faces with an attitude. We wanted to order dinner but this incident got us so upset we decided to go somewhere else. Knowing we had empty glasses and oysters, Brooke didn't even give us the time of day. We decided to ask other people working there that ended up helping us out but never felt really heard or apologized to. Later on we saw that Brooke left as her shift was over and decided to go upstairs. We were the first ones there and stayed for hours enjoying drinks, great staff (Matt the bartender was very helpful and friendly). We danced until our feet hurt. There's a large dance floor, several tables and a large balcony. This place was perfect for a night of dancing pop music upstairs and listen to amazing bands downstairs. If they would just work on their staff and teach them about customer service, it would be my to go spot every night in New Orleans!Live music is good, jazz and country music. Boiling crawfish is only $4 a pound, hot and juicy.Fun venue to listen to live music! When I went there was a jazz band playing the whole time I was eating. Food was great too. My friends and I shared a farmers pizza, macaroni balls, and spinach dip. The macaroni balls were probably my favorite!! Overall, great place for lunch and quick place to have a drink! Nothing special about the venue or service but I enjoyed my time there.This place is definitely a memorable stop on Frenchmen Street. Erin, our waitress, was knowledgeable, friendly and absolutely adorable. You must order the Gulf Meets Swamp appetizer to start with. Get a taste of catfish, shrimp, and gator with savory sauces and bomb cole slaw. We don't do a lot of repeat stops but next visit to Frenchmen will definitely include a visit to 30/-90. Great food, great drinks - awesome beer offerings - and incredible live music.The famous NOLA hurricane cocktail was a ton of syrup and pineapple juice masking the rum and who knows what else. It was strong but wish it tasted more special. Downstairs had a cute live jazz band. We wandered upstairs for the dancing space and balcony but sadly it seemed like there was just an ipod playlist being blasted without much thought for the crowd.
I loved the view from the balcony but it was really crowded so we couldn't hang out too comfortably here for long. It was really spacious upstairs indoors which was nice and comfier with a full efficient bar :)Chose this place over three others. This is a gem and your losing money.Tuesday the 22nd  of May night band at 5pm was wonderful.  Shane the bartender was fabulous.  The cook did a great job. My food was wrong twice  but no biggy. The thing is so many tables were waiting to be cleared out and no bussing in sight.  I would come back again but management needs to fix this.We stumbled upon this place our first day in New Orleans. Fantastic! We will come back again while we're here.Jumped in to get out of the cold. Great cocktail. Surprised at the great food. Live blues music and even though 1 waitress to handle the place, the service was great. I'm only in New Orleans for a week, but I will make an effort to come back here before I leave.Charbroiled oysters were very good, drinks were great the band playing was very good and the overall atmosphere was super fun. New Orleans at its best.Go here and inquire about a Hurricane from
Aaaron. They're really, really good. I mean I love Caribbean drinks and this tasted like an exquisite Rum Punch. The fruit combination with the alcohol was spectacular. Go to Frenchmen and head over to here and make sure Aaaron makes your Hurricane.Music here on a Wednesday was amazing! Drinks were good, but the band in town really made the night! Great vibe!First place we came across on frenchman street and loved this place! We just so happen to come around happy hour. 50 cent fresh shucked gulf oysters and 50 cent wings for the win! One of the best I have had! Drinks were just as good! Had a great bloody Mary and Paloma. Live music topped it off! Overall great ambience and great food!Five stars for the best Bloody Mary I found in NOLA.  We didn't eat so I can't comment on the food. Good live music.Jazz great...wait staff great....bar staff not customer friendly.  Rude! Needs a 101 on how to treat customers.The people packed into my shared Lyft ride were all recommended by a driver to try out the various venues on Frenchmen Street, and when I tried this place later at the Lyft driver's recommednation, this location was not a disappointment.  Great food, great service, creative drinks, and a very fun crowd.  We had a wonderful time here and enjoyed this venue. 
I see that another review mentions the crowds, and this location might be a victim of its own success - it was crowded by the time we left, which was probably to be expected when you have a winning venue.This place was incredible. We walked in to 3090 as the first band was on the for the night.
As first look, you see not only the band, but a few giant TV screens showing Sunday night football. Even though the game was on (of course it was the Steelers, so we didn't mind!), it didn't detract from the band at all based on their placement.
After about an hour or so, the second band for the night came on and was fantastic. They interacted with the crowd and got everyone up and dancing.
The staff here was also on point and were running around making sure that no one waited very long for drinks or food, and most of all they were pleasant while they were doing it.
Next time you're in NOLA, definitely check this place out!Amazing place to stop by, get a drink and listen to music.
Tip: they have a small outdoor patio area.  Grab a chair and table there, and snag a view of the performance if you can.  Not a bit fan of their house drink; very not memorable what is was.  It was gin and creme de Violette or something. All of Frenchman Street. Is great!Cooler, trendier atmosphere. Reminded me of being back home in Southern CA. Good music and the best grilled oyster we had in New Orleans.Awesome jazz band last night with a trendy flair! Nothing special inside, but the music was great.Awesome find! The New Orleans pizza is awesome and the Pouten balls.  Live music fun. Service friendly and great. I highly recommend.Tried calling to dispute a charge. One of the DRUNK bartenders decided to tip himself when I didn't tip him at all! 
No one answered the phone so I emailed the event coordinator to try and get some form of contact with an owner or manager. She basically told me it wasn't her problem and I had to physically go out of my way and go into the establishment if I wanted to speak with a manager. 
If you don't care about your money, trust and like drunk bartenders, and/or frequently check your credit card statement than this is the place for you!!!!If it weren't for the delicious oyster sampler it would be one star. This place tries to give the "feel" of New Orleans but I felt like I was in another bar in Los Angeles. The bartender was a bit shady (and rude), they try to "churn and burn" the clientele, the live band was bad, there's a one drink minimum for every 45 minutes (which isn't a problem, but stating it was weird), the rooftop balcony bar has no chairs or tables, and they have a towel service guy in the bathroom! Also, the waitress came around every few minutes asking if we wanted more drinks when our drinks were obviously full. It's tacky. Don't waste your time, there are WAY better spots here.Sazerac, catfish poboy, red beans 'n' sausage, andygator on draught: all tasty. Good zydeco band. Waitstaff super friendly. Def enjoyed our dinner here. Minus one star because the outdoor seating was cold in January without any heat source.Seems 30/90 is responsive to customer comments. Our last stop in Sunday evening was an incredibly improved experience. Matt and Josh and Holly really had things under control. Service was great. Music was great. We didn't stay for dinner but the pizza looked delicious.My last night in New Orleans and this was the icing on the cake. Will be my first stop next time instead of my last.We stopped by here randomly while walking Frenchman - it was great! The live music was fun and entertaining. We ordered oysters, and a their house oyster sampler - delicious!Walking down Frenchman's this is definitely a must. The music gives you a taste of what this city is really about. A whole lot of soul. Gets packed which is a good thing because it means that everyone likes it. Absolutely will be a must when i come back to this city.An okay place to pop into for a drink. We made the mistake of not coming here Thurs-Sat when they have a DJ upstairs. Apparently the DJ that comes in on those nights plays a healthy mix of 90s hip-hop. That is what we were really coming here for, however, we came on a Sunday evening and alas no DJ and just an okay jazz band performing downstairs.
Plenty of place to spread out. There's also an outdoor area which I suppose they use when it's crowded. Bathrooms are clean but there is an attendant so be sure to bring cash. I saw her side-eye a lady who didn't have her wallet on her and therefore did not leave her a tip. Although this place IMO doesn't need an attendant and it kind of makes you feel obligated to bring cash with you.Stumbled upon this bar while out one night with intentions of heading somewhere else. The band that was playing was really great and had the crowd really interested. 
The crowded kinda ebbed and flowed as the band took breaks but I liked the overall feel of the place. 
I had really basic drinks while I was there so no complaints there. But if nothing else stop in for the music and the vibe. 
During a trip to the bathroom I stumbled upon a really cute outdoor area that would be great during the day.I had fun in this place, fun, drinks with friends, i met the Manager Zach Morgan, a very professional person who takes good care of everyone, i definitely recommend this place and the neighborhood is a clean and nice area. I'll be back soon again.Not too much to say here except .50 cent oysters until 7pm! They are good! Besides that there really wasn't anything that made me love this place. It was good not great. Atmosphere was fine it felt a little like a sports bar. Not really what I was looking for in NOLA.We went here on a whim and accidentally found Latin Jazz playing that night.  Honestly its the most fun we have ever had at a jazz club in nola.   The music was great and the atmosphere was suitable for dancing.  We ended up staying until the we hours of the morning.  Unfortunately we went back the next week, the music and crowd were totally different and we ended up moving on down the street.   I like this place, but so far it's been kinda hit or miss.Great scene on Frenchmen with a downstairs that is a bit more loungey with live music, and an upstairs with a large dance floor and a dj that was just crushing the music with 90s / early 2000s rap and R&B. They also had a nice outdoor balcony on the 2nd floor if you needed to cool down or people watch over Frenchmen. Fun place with great music all-around.Good jazz band. The 1st floor played live bands and the 2nd floor had a DJ (brought me back to NY). The 2nd floor had an outdoor balcony, overlooking the party outside. The bartender was attentive.My husband and I went to 30/90 for the first time to see one of our favorite Nola  bands. I ordered a Petron and my husband a Jack Daniels and soda. The drinks came quick enough (the place was nearly empty before midnight) but my Petron tasted like an inferior brand ( I know my tequilas) and my husband said he could barely taste the whiskey. The price was $16. We gave the waiter a $20. After 20 minutes of waiting for our change (while the waiter went missing) we told the bartender we never got our change. He showed up a few minutes later with it and it all went to the band. 
We left and went down the street to another club and ordered the same drinks (this time exactly what we ordered) for $1.50 less. No wonder 30/90 was nearly empty. 30/90 is off our Frenchman street list.2Our first night in town we stopped in for something to eat & to hear the band that was playing. 
We had the
* Red beans & rice with the sausage
* 30/90 salad 
* Apple-cinnamon stuffed beignet bites
The food was average, the atmosphere was fun & lively, the service was slow.
When the bill came we noticed, we were charged $4 extra for the sausage. When the server came back for payment, I asked him about it, he said that was the price, I showed him the menu and it clearly states your choice of sausage or catfish, he said he'd talk to the manager.  He took my credit card & left, when he returned, I asked if he got it corrected he said (with his attitude) no that was the price.  I asked for the manager.  When the manager came over she had an attitude, she said that was the price, again I showed her the menu showed the price of $14, she said she  needed to get new menus printed as she's hitting her had on the menu!!  Then she pulled $5 from her pocket and said there you go as she slammed it on the table...saying if that'll make you feel better
No it didn't make me feel better, it just showed what a horrible manager she was with an attitude to go with it!
Needless to say, I won't go back for another serving of rudeness 
I attached the picture of the menuCame here on a Monday at 6:30 pm with our two teenagers, looking for dinner and live jazz in a venue that felt more "clean restaurant" than "dirty bar" and found just what we were looking for! Great Dixieland jazz band, good food, good service, and the atmosphere was just a bit nicer than some of the other places on Frenchman street. The charbroiled oysters and catfish po-boy were especially good. Why pay for music when you can come here and see some great live music for free?Amazing find in our trip to New Orleans on Christmas! No cover and not even a drink minimum.  Super awesome band and not too crowded with plenty of seating! Serve food too!The place caught my attention because it smelled good from the sidewalk. The ambience and the atmosphere is just right for listening to live music and and a few drinks.... Perfect....Music was great. They had multiple live acts that were extremely talented. Shots of vodka were VERY watered down. They had an adequate selection of beer.Usually not hard on businesses especially  one with such awesome music and food, but the server lea was extremely rude and slow throughout our entire experience. I'm considerate of service industry but it's like she was purposely avoiding the table. When I asked for a manager to assess the situation the manager they pointed out "Zach" and was too busy taking shots at the bar with the bartenders for me to even consider trying to talk to him. (No wonder the server thought she could act the way she did)  it was all very unprofessional, and it's such a shame because it's a great establishment with a wonderful location.I've staggered in twice now.  They always seem to have great talent.  First night they lured me in with rock a Billy....second night we heard some great funky blues from "we play funk" or "the business". 
The only negative impact so far....
My sisters credit card was picked up by a waitress when they switched shift and it was not returned.  So we are dealing with that this morning. Boo.... We can't even find a phone number to call them.  I don't think it was a scam or anything, but certainly turning out to be a pain in the butt.Came here on a Saturday afternoon when there was great live music with no cover. Our bartender made a few off-menu cocktails for us, and each was delicious - the bar staff clearly knows that they're doing. Expert mixologists, a friendly and engaging manager, and an excellent band made for a great afternoon.Came to this bar to hear a blues act during a boil water advisory in NOLA. The waitress brought us water and, because our hotel was aware of the advisory and so was the restaurant we had just come from, I assumed the water was bottled water. I took a swig, however, and suspected tap so I asked the waitress and she confirmed it was tap. She was pretty unapologetic and muttered something about one never knowing if someone preffered tap or bottled. Um, hello, I usually drink tap but during a boil water advisory which explicitly states not to drink tap and not to even brush your teeth with it or shower, I prefer not to drink tap water. She brought us a bottle of water, which she had opened prior to bringing it to the table for some reason. The most unforgivable part is that she charged us 2 dollars for the bottle of water she finally brought. It's not the money, it's the fact that you are disregrading my health by bringing me tap water in the first place. Not only that, you are also charging me for the only alternative to not drinking water laced with sewage. I felt nauseous on and off from that swig I took for the next 2 days. I will never be back.Bro bartender with the slick back hair is chill af, old fashioned is perfection, and 50 cent oysters charbroiled or raw during happy hour! This is my new jam!Manager Wes( I believe that's the proper spelling of his name ) can't take a joke and..next thing he does: he goes to upper management  and kick you out! Enjoy!)The ambience was great. The live band was fantastic. It is s great place to walk in, grab a drink and listen to great music. You can dance if you prefer.The band can definitely play jazz! 
Service a bit slow, but drinks are excellent.
Atmosphere is upscale in a sketchy neighborhood. We didn't eat but had some oysters, very good!
Glad we made the trek!We were enticed into this joint by the sound of live music and promises of 50¢ oysters before 7pm, which is totally unheard of in California, where we're visiting from.
Our service was great and the musical stylings of Perdido Jazz Band were awesome. The house was next to empty when we came in but filled up right away thanks to their tantalizing sound. 
They were out of both their Red and Amber Ales, so at the suggestion of our server, I tried an Otra Vez, which is a light beer brewed by Sierra Nevada with notes of cactus and grapefruit. It was very refreshing and went great with our...
OYSTERS!!!
We started with a dozen. They were humongous and fresh and tasty and we liked them so much that we ordered another dozen. Make sure to ask for horseradish and lemon, our first round only came with cocktail sauce.
We bought Perdido Jazz Band's CD because of their talent, sound, lyrics, and charm. Definitely set the bar high for live music the rest of the evening.
Although we only stayed for a beer and a couple dozens of oysters, 3090 was my favorite part of the evening, by far.Clean, modern, classy place! Stopped by for a drink while waiting on a reservation down the road, found it by mistake! Great cocktails and great food!The oysters are to die for and the service is excellent. We listened to an awesome country band named Texas Pete. Great music and good food - who can beat that.Tuesday the 22 nd 
The entertainment is fabulous on Tuesday night. The bartender Shane in fabulous. The food and drinks are fabulous. There are about 60 plus people here and three people running the whole place.  One bartender one cook and one bar back/ waiter/ ?? Management and or owner need to staff properly.  Finally by 7.00 pm some lady manager showed to bus tables.  Gave 5 stars will be back but....... manager this gem you have.Stopped in for some snacks and drinks. The food was pretty good, but there weren't a ton of options. Drinks were really good, especially the bartender's special which was a vodka cucumber lemonade.  The music was fun and overall, it was a good experience.Has to be the worst crawfish Poboy sandwich I've ever had. And the drink special was awful.Franklin returnrd my photos i boight from a local art thing A  plus franklin dont ever stop doing yoySO much fun! Courtney was wonderful.  Absolutely a blast with all types of music.  I had an amazing time.I ventured over to Frenchmen Street for the first time, on my third trip to New Orleans of 2015, in order to get a taste of some local jazz. Following a couple of beers at the Spotted Cat, I found myself at this locale. After ordering up two of the strongest and most well-made Side Car cocktails I've ever had in my life, I grabbed a table and indulged in some boudin balls and bread pudding. The snacks did not disappoint! Ended up staying nearly two hours, jamming out to a high-energy, enthusiastic jazz/funk group called The Business. Overall, the atmosphere was mesmerizing. Everyone was entranced by the music, and for a moment it almost seemed like we traveled to another time and place. What a great evening! A refreshing experience for the soul to say the least.Food was good. Place was clean. Service excellent. Music was enjoyable. The menu was limited to pizza and oyster. However the number of choices for each was pretty good. There was a pizza or oyster type for everyone.  Upstairs bar was big and with a balcony. The band plays on main floor but is tv piped upstairs on to a large screen tv. Upstairs has a few tv sets that are tuned to sports. They will change one so you can watch your favorite team. 
This area along Frenchman St. is a less boisterous music and food area then Burbon St. but still with lots of buzz. A 10 minute walk from Canal, past the French Market. No strip clubs and no beads. 
The staff was friendly and accommodating. I did notice that the wine glass (plastic cups) was small but house wine was $6. I think the pizza was about $12 or $14. It was a nice size, enough for 2 people. For some reason my mobile app gave this place 5 stars. I actually gave it 4. It's not a dive bar but not 5 stars eitherCan I just go ahead and say 3090 has the best oysters I've ever had. They are FRESH, JUICY, CLEAN and HUMONGOUS. Served with horse radish sauce. Oooh! My mouth gets watery just writing this review. If you like oysters, go there.This was our first time in NOLA and we went bar-hopping on Frenchmen St on a Saturday night! SO happy we stopped by! It was around 10pm and it wasn't too crowded at all and there was no cover all night! On the lower floor, they had a live band playing and upstairs they had a DJ! It was pretty empty upstairs and the balcony wasn't too occupied either which was perfect. Not sure if this was a special of the night, but they had $6 avion/sprite which was an AMAZING deal, especially coming from Chicago! The bartenders were super friendly and the DJ played great songs! They also had a few tv screens upstairs showing any games that were on along with a few tables, so if you weren't in the mood for dancing you could always sit and watch the games! They also serve food downstairs, but we had eaten dinner ahead of time so didn't get a chance to try anything, wish we had though! Great drinks, great vibe. Highly recommend checking out this bar if you're on Frenchmen St. Definitely one of my favorites!Had an argument with the door woman because the cover was $10, our party of 3 paid with a $100, and we got $60 back. Had to teach her basic math skills and her attitude was awful and she wanted nothing to do with us.
We walked around the side entrance where you don't pass the elevator or stairs, we wanted to go to the balcony and when we came to the kitchen area we asked an older chef how to get up there, he looked at us like we were idiots and screamed; "really!?! You get in the elevator and press 2!" In an extremely condescending way.
Finally, when we actually got drinks, our mood had been killed by the poor attitude of the employees here and we just wanted to leave. The music was good but why come here when you're treated like shit, AND there are so many great places within a few blocks radius from here? 
Do yourself a favor and skip this awful, douchey, mess. Spend your money elsewhere. The other negative reviews are very accurate about this place.Went to Frenchman to hear some music while in NOLA. Liked the sound coming from here so we stopped. Got a table up front. It took an unreasonable amount of time to get a beer. And then our waitress never showed back up. Wasn't sure who to tip as she never returned... Until our bill came. Wasn't impressed.This was Hubby's favorite venue on Frenchmen St. Talented band, cheap booze, chill crowd, no cover. Good times!The bartender, Ian, is an absolute gem! He was so kind to our group. Super prompt service, and amazing happy hour deals! We will definitely come back soon!The 5-star review is based only on our Happy Hour experience.  We stopped in on the Friday 4-7 HH.  Gotta start with the all-star item - 50-cent oysters.  These aren't the little leftover goober-on-the-half-shell kind.  You get three choices - raw, broiled (basically Rockefeller) and the 3090 special - bleu cheese, green apple, hot sauce.  The raw were some of the plumpest you'll find.  The other two were solid in their flavoring.  I went for the gusto and ordered 3 dozen mixed.  At 2-for-a-buck, you can't miss.  Our table added a little jambalaya and a buffalo chicken pizza.  On top of that, the jazz band scored high points - especially the drummer.  Try your hand another time but don't miss Happy Hour.Tonight I find myself wondering why 5tars. Like a bad horse race 30/90 stumbled out of the gate badly upon our initial arrival. What an outstanding recovery. In the weeds is a term well known to the SI crowed. Our server even very short handed managed to pull from the flames this visit, followed by a stellar performance from the kitchen. This young lady deserves praise as three life time bartenders ran her over the coals (she was up for the challenge) 30/90 was a great experience and  Bre was kick assNot a bad find for a tourist like me. Good blues band (Meb Shannon?), with no cover; a few local brews on draft & in bottles/cans. Had a proper gator po' boy with a (pretty sizable) side of genuinely excellent étouffée.WOW!  Very nice restaurant slash live music venue.  Awesome staff and drinks.  Food was also impressive.  Try the mescal drink, it's terrific!  The gumbo, alligator po' boy and Cajun crawfish dip were all exceptional.  Clean restrooms as well.This place is amazing for live music.
I stumbled into this place on a Friday night looking for live music without a cover and less busy than the Spotted Cat (which you could barely breathe in). The drinks were incredibly reasonable and the music was insanely good! So good, in fact, that my friends and I came back on Saturday for another dose of amazing live music. The scene was young(ish - like late 20s early 30s) but not trashy like what you'd fine on bourbon st. Come early, this place does fill up.The food is incredible, the music is great, and the drinks are ice cold (and STRONG). Order the crawfish dip--it will make you a better person, guaranteed. If you get really lucky, the amazing Cass will wait on you--you're in good hands with her.Nice place to go out for late night, live music, free cover, friendly stuff, has small quit area in a back.We used to love coming here. They used to have delicious specialty dishes; shrimp lafitte was my favorite. You constantly saw charbroiled oysters coming out of the kitchen with stacks of French bread for dipping. They had thin crust pizzas that were delicious. AND THEN THERE'S NOW. HORRIBLE!!!! The oysters were just a ball of cheese goo and i didn't even want to eat them. A couple had a pizza that looked tiny and microwaved. The service was terrible. We couldn't even get water.  We used to recommend this place. Never againSlow service, but a hell of a crawfish boil.  Ordered 1 lb for $4 and received the kitchen sink, and 3 lbs of great tasting crawfish for a grand total of $4!!!  Incredible.  Great deal.  Good drinks, great music and delicious food.  Or, at least the crawfish boil was delicious.Loved the server! He was just hamming it up with everybody. We visited during MardiGras weekend and he was wearing some cute lil thing... Lol very entertaining.. Me and my friends visit it on two different nights during Mardi Gras weekend and we love both nights each night had a different group playing... Would definitely come back loved frenchmen streetAmazing place, amazing atmosphere, amazing music, and amazing oysters. Came here during happy hour. All the raw, charbroiled, and 30/90 oysters were 50 cents each, and they tasted amazing. My personal favorite was the charbroiled. Draft beer were also only $2.50. We ordered a Louisiana Crawfish Etouffee Poutine (which is just etouffee on french fries), and the size was a bit small for the price they charged, but the music, atmosphere, and cheap oysters made up for it.Great bar.  The music is good and drinks are fresh and great.   They have outside seating in a very cute courtyard.  Oyster bar is outside and is open in the evening.   They also have a bar upstairs with balcony access.   Highly recommend that you check this one out.Bartender is a fucking asshole. Here with a group of girls, they ask the bartender fair a round of blowjobs. He states he's never heard of them. They ask him what shot is his specialty he states "fireball" and walks off. 
Shitty service equals shitty reviews.Do yourself a favor and go during their happy hour for oyster and wings. Their raw oysters are delicious.
I always go to 3090 to get oysters and listen to great music. I like this place!The building is new for Frenchman street. There was no cover on Jazz fest weekend. The band was great and so was the food. I had an oyster salad with huge fresh oysters. The downside, we all had to hunt down a waiter, they he was not much of a waiter. He actually forgot to supply silverware. Once they get this together, this will be a good spot on Frenchmen.The place is full of life every night so we decided to visit.  The band was awesome and had the cried jumping. The drinks are small, pricey, and a little watered down. Its newly renovated and very clean which is nice.I really loved this place on Frenchman Street in New Orleans. A bit pricier and newest bar than most of the other spots on the street but the food and music where great- we ended up chilling here two nights on the week trip. The pizzas was one of the best I had while in the US and the baked oysters were aaaaaamazing- but I will note these were the only things on the menu- but they were worth having no other option! All the local bands playing where amazing and the place just had a really nice atmosphere. Great for a date or with four friends. Probably not best for big groups.take me back to those soulful nights with earthy passion and everyone dancing.
I jazz-hopped here every night - it is my favorite. 
they have the funkiest, soulful, humble, down-to-earth artists.Better music during the day. Cover bands at night.Happened to stumble upon this place with a few people on a work trip and was not disappointed! Constant live entertainment and good deals on drinks. We just ordered some appetizers to share, but definitely recommend ordering the brie! The service was good but we did feel like we were being rushed, which was weird considering it was a very quiet Thursday evening.Came here based on the reviews on Yelp.  We were told by a server to find a table and someone would be with us.  We got a table and sat for thirty minutes while no server would even make eye contact with us.  Will not be back.The bar was pretty full and the music was pretty loud, so we stopped in on a Saturday night. But it was TOO full. People kept standing around the stage and blocking the only passage way in, and the security standing nearby did not really to clear the way, so it was just too crowded with some light jostling.
We dropped in right between sets, so they just kept asking for donations and doing introductions for 5-10 minutes. Music sounded good from outside, but it wasn't worth to keep hearing them talk while it was so crowded.Loved it here! Had a great time visiting this joint when in New Orleans a couple weeks ago! Excellent spot for live music and to top it off they had really good pizza. The menu said they didn't do custom food orders, but they made me a veggie pizza without cheese, so I was over the moon happy. :) The crowd was fun and everyone here was having a good time. For sure this is a watering hole I'd recommend.The restaurant was freezing cold. Despite all the customers wearing hats jackets, they waitress, hostess, and bouncer refused to close the door letting in the draft. Should have packed my marmot gloves proofed for -40 degrees haha  food was OK.Technically the sign says 30/90 out front. The drinks are amazing and the live music is awesome! Be careful with the dirty martinis because they are so strong. haha. I got super drunk here off of two drinks so I totally got my moneys worth... and drinks are crazy cheap!! LOVE this placeLive music downstairs, DJ upstairs, balcony upstairs, and outdoor patio downstairs. Awesome ambience and would come again. Extremely crowded, but everyone was friendly and was there for the live music.We came here two nights in a row! It is a great venue with a bar, food, and live music. Come here if you're ever in Frenchman street!I came here with my mom for a day trip from Biloxi and found this place on yelp. If you love oysters, this is the place to go. They have 50 cent wings and raw oysters from 4pm-7pm Monday-friday. We had oysters, gumbo, jambalaya, the swamp sampler and the bread pudding. Everything was great. Live music was great also.This place has great atmosphere and a big ole bar for merriment seekers. In true nawlins fashion, everything is served up in generous portions. Welcome home!
Now let me tell you about them shrimp and grits. So good! Far better than I've had in many places, in and out of New Orleans. Not runny, generous helping of French onions, topped with a pork shavings for seasoning. I don't even eat pork these days but I'm glad I didn't forgo it this time. 
It was a bit slow on service (a bit a lot actually), and it's hard to hear yourself as there is always a live band going. But the music was a treat (even if the street music was better... What else is new, right?)
I RECOMMEND: Passing through and nibbling while you drink
EXTRA TIP: Also good: the étouffé and the cocktailsWorst food in 25 years visiting new orleans.  Went for brunch and got the bbq shrimp and grits for $21.  Thought it was a joke when it showed up at the table!  4 of the smallest..like 60ct size rubbery shrimp soaked in a overly worshteshire sauce.  So bad it was not edible.  Waitress didnt say a word about the uneatean meals on the table.  Just dropped off the check and walked away.  
Good thing was the music by a very talented singer/songwriter.
Honestly though they should be ashamed of the food they put out.Food was delicious!   The oysters and craw fish dip were so tasty.   Drinks were strong and tasted great.  The bar tender was very friendly and helpful.   Live music sounded awesome and not too loud.  We will certainly return to this place.   Highly recommend!Great crawfish platter, came with corn, susage, and potatoes however it's not on the menu. Good diverse crowd and extensive beer selection.  Awesome for late night, I will return next time I am in town.What a fun night.  The live music was jamming and the drinks were priced reasonable.  Only problem was someone kept farting on the dance floor butt that's not the band's or bar's fault.Oh man, so we just randomly wandered in here and walked into a huge dance party! No cover and no drink minimum on a Sunday night. A crazy crowd and lively performance. They had dancing, lights, lots of energy, and a huge crowd. Definitely a lot of fun! The bar wasn't too crowded either considering the size of the crowd itself, so it was pleasantly surprisingly easy to get drinks! Bathrooms were also clean, always a plus!We just stopped here for drinks before dinner but it's a great environment! There was a really good band playing jazz and soul music.A friend of mine and I decided to sit outside here. We got NO service. Literally... We sat in the back by the projector and waited for the short brunette waiter with the pony tail to finish talking with her friends... she kept ignoring us so we switched tables, hoping she would come to us if we moved closer. Still outdoors, we moved towards the entrance. She continued to help everyone besides us. My friend then went up to ask her to please take our order. She said she would be right out. But decided to not come out after that AT ALL. 
I couldn't believe this.
WORST Service IN NOLA I've ever seen.
It's Crowded & had the worst waiter ever... it's sad because they did have a nice live band playing. But considering all of the other restaurants on this street... I'd skip this one until they get new staff. 
Awful. We spent an hour waiting, $140 cash sitting in my purse for dinner, a hungry belly and NO service.Our evening here was one of our favorites while in New Orleans! We really enjoyed the food (charbroiled oysters, fried catfish and jambalaya) and drinks we ordered.  And we had great service as well. We were only sorry it took us until our last night there to discover this restaurant & the rest of Frenchman Street!This review is just for the venue and the band. Went in a Wednesday night and the band was amazing. So soulful and smooth. The venue is great very cool and modern and plenty of seating. The menu looked great but we already ate.Great ambience and great bands, but shitty wait staff. Emphasis on shitty.  If you want service at a table plan on waiting 60 to 90 minutes each round. If you've got somewhere to be after, be sure to signal a tab out at least :20 minutes before you leave because they could give a f$&@. But the bands are amazing - hands down.  Great authentic, good music.  Excuse the wait staff.   They suck.Friday night club vibes- dj playing the best hip hop music from now and throw backs. We had a blast and met so many cool and fun folks that were all there to dance and drink. The club is upstairs above Bamboulas, the bouncer checks you out front downstairs and then let's you in to both clubs. Stay downstairs at Bamboulas for a more jazzy classy vibe with a live band or go upstairs for hip hop club vibes with a dj spinning. Both are fun- would def go back!Yes thankfully New Orleans is the city of jazz music and lots and lots of places playing wonderful to see. This restaurant has something special seemingly above many. They had a band called "the revival". This was not your typical jazz band experience. There's some special about the singer. The band belted their hearts out to a minimal crowd and frankly I was one of those people in the crowd who was getting goosebumps laughing and thinking wow this is special.   We nibbled on oysters prepared several different ways it's drank perfectly chilled drinks in a friendly air-conditioned house. Frenchmen Street is my new favorite go to spot in New Orleans. Next time I'm in town I will be back for round two.  Absolutely loved they are roasted oysters and still dream of them to this day... months laterHad a great time here. Live band was amazing. Spent hours here and loved every minute of it. Brandy was our bartender and she was incredible. Friendly and made the best Sazarac I've ever had. Perfectly balanced. Brandy is the best!This place was completely unprofessional and it baffles me that so many had a great dining experience at this particular venue. A friend recommended this place and during our appetizers, I bit into a fried alligator that had a long hair in it. I brought it to the bartender's attention and he told me to get that away from his "fucking" bar. I was humiliated because he made me feel like I had done something wrong when in fact, I was just informing him of what I had found.  I have been a server for 12 years, so I know how to treat a customer and I would have been as disgusted as the guest and would have wanted to make things right. Instead, this bartender was extremely rude and unprofessional. When I brought it to the manager's attention, her words were, " if you were really a server, you would have known to bring it to the my attention before bringing it to the bar." I could not believe the treatment and more than anything, I was just insulted and embarrassed. I will never go back and you must know that I have never felt the need to write a review on any website until now.Frenchman street is the place to go for a good time in NOLA if you're interested in hearing live music and not being surrounded by obnoxious drunk people. Are Lyft driver dropped us off right by this door and the music sounded great and it was no cover. The bartender did make us finish our outside drink before we entered but it was no biggie and definitely understandable. Drinks at the bar were average price, $10 for a Irish mule that the bartender put his own skin on, I was a little nervous but was was a very good drink. 
Place had lots of tables and chairs so we grabbed one in the back away from the stage and the bartender cleaned it up for us..... very cool! Music was really nice that I had to dance, we listened to a few songs then headed on to another spot.I was just served the best Bloody Mary I've had in New Orleans so far. Bartender Benjamin is super friendly, knows his stuff and makes a mean drink. Current music is great and not too loud like a lot of others on this street. Raw oysters are HUGE! No cover - no commitment but wanted to stay here for hours. Definitely recommend this joint.Went on a saturday night with the husband.
Place: Clean, BIG, lots of chairs and tables. Has a balcony and a second floor with a bar as well. You can decide to stay downstairs or go look at the crazy crows upstairs.
Downstairs they have a stage and they also have a place to dance. Not too big but also not too small. I was able to dance without any injuries ;)
Music: I went and they had a latin jazz band, OMG so muuuuuuuuuuch fun! I love dancing and sometimes Frenchmen is not the best at finding DANCING bars. I like jazz but traditional jazz is not really dancey... So this band was great, had all the sounds and beats.... the name of the band was "OTRA".
Vibe: Cool vibe for sure! I will be coming back! Keep it up guys!We frequented 3090 almost every night we spent in New Orleans! Its great music, atmosphere and food made us loyal fans!
We found 3090 by chance while wandering Frenchman St; the amazing sound attracted us at once! We enjoyed all kinds of performances, from classic jazz to blues by exceptional musicians. The food was also amazing! We especially loved the 0.50 cents oysters and chicken wings during Happy Hour! Yummy!!! If you ever find yourself in New Orleans be sure to stop by 3090 for a delightful night!Live music, balcony is fun, happy hour. Lots of space inside and out. Ok drinks, ok food.This place rocks!!!! The bartender Aaron makes the ONLY good hurricanes in NOLA!!!  Will only drink his from now on!!By far the best experience we had in New Orleans. So great we were back multiple times, sometimes in the same nightBrandi , the bartender was why!!  Brandi's Hospitality, great recommendations and also the places to stay away from, carried us through the week. We compared every bartender in town to her and everyone fell short. Her craft cocktails were on point!!
 Next, the bands were the best we heard , every night!!
 The oysters for happy hour, 50 cents a piece and I think we ate 100 every time we were there!! Check this place out, ask for Brandi and tell her you appreciate her, we did!!We were drawn in by the music and had a little after dinner snack while we were here.  Beignet fries with a Buffalo Trace Old Fashioned chaser.  Great service, love the music!  Looking forward to our next visit.Great jambalaya. Clams were exceptional. The 2nd band this particular evening was also spectacular.
But the portion of the 1 pound head on shrimp for $24 was pathetic. It tasted exceptional. We got 5 total shrimp and the server dropped it off and said "more is coming". She came back and said that it actually WAS a pound because they measured it before it was served. No way! I politely explained that meant each shrimp had to weigh 3 ounces (close to a quarter pound) and it cost $5 a shrimp. She said I would have to talk with the manager. I politely asked for her to please send her/him over. We watched her talk with senior staff member for several minutes. She came back and said "we don't have any managers on staff so no one to talk to". Bull! She said she could not adjust the bill but could give us a (dry) piece of cake. I took it as something was better than nothing. What I really wanted was REAL pound of shrimp. Even more than that, I just wanted to talk with someone who rational. But they didn't want to hear it.
My point is, stay away from the overpriced shrimp for $24. Also, if you have a legitimate concern, realize you're on your own.
Not willing to get screwed, I pulled off $12 off from the servers tip ($25 versus $37). Because of this, we won't go back. All for about $3 of the cost of raw shrimp made management refuse to make a customer happy. If the owner is reading this, empower your server. Hire a manager that can talk with a customer.The place is amazing. I love it. Probably the best bar I've been to since my vacation here. However, I'm gay, I like sex on the beaches. The bartender who was also gay didn't know how to make one. He made it with tequila sour mix oj and cran. HOW ARE YOU GAY AND DONT KNOW HOW TO MAKE A SEX ON THE BEACH!? What has the gay community come to where we can't even make a simple cocktail for a fellow homosexual. Plus he was kind of rude. I eavesdropped on the gays next to me and right after I got my drink from him they said he was really rude. If you come here maybe avoid him he's the one with curly hair and looks miserable. Nonetheless, place was great. Would come back.