The food is awesome! Staff friendly. Spanish coffee, shrimp and crawfish nachos, fried tomatoes po'boy and chicken burger were the bomb!!Decent food, great bar. Service was slow, but we had a table at the window and there's always good people watching on Royal.Enjoyed the roast beef po boy with potato salad and bread pudding.  Had excellent service.  Would definitely recommend.English is my secondlanguage so forgive me typos and style. 
Compare to other New Orleans restaurants this place is Ok however,  compare to Chicago food joints overpriced and bland food. Waitress didn't know what is IPA.  $15 for sandwich it's way too much.  
Also the tip was added for party of two bill without letting us know about it.  I hate such tricks.First time at this place and my experience was not impressive.  I ordered a basic po'boy sandwich and it was horrible.  The bread was hard, and the sauce was missing.  Its not worth the price they are asking for.  There's plenty of good places to go in the area.  I think they just assume that all people coming in are too drunk to tell if its good or not.The service was fast and attentive while also welcoming. I had the shrimp po boy and the sample plate so i tried a little of everything and from now on this is going to be a go to place when in NOLA. Also always order the bread pudding. It is always a good ideaWe came here once before living in New Orleans because we were passing by and hungry for something quick. Service was great and now we go back every so often because I am always craving the seafood nachos! Their seafood nachos are seriously the best I've ever had! Also, the bread pudding is to die for. I highly recommend this restaurant if you're wanting some delicious Louisiana seafood, but don't want to break the bank! The waiters/waitresses are always super nice too.Bread pudding=fantastic.
Sampler= food for 2. Solid and great value if shared. 
Cocktails are good but on the pricey side ($12). Staff friendly and helpful.
The atmosphere is nothing special but certainly isn't a negative.Do not get excited and think that this is a four-star establishment. Either all the other patrons were drunk or they were not served the same food I was. 
At the recommendation of the other yelpers we had the seafood nachos and the Cajun sampler. The crawfish and shrimp on the nachos were chewy and rubbery and the chips themselves were greasy and limp. 
The gumbo had a almost white roux and tasted odd the red beans and rice were not seasoned nor was the crawfish étouffée. The bread pudding was just barely tolerable. We sat in the small room in the back it was hot humid and uncomfortable. It was not a good experience.My first po'boy experience, and a good introduction to this aspect of local cuisine.
I can't say that the meal was a religious experience, but I enjoyed the bold flavors. Service was prompt and friendly and they kept our water topped up.Andrew the bartender was so great to our group last night! He was friendly, attentive, funny and generous! Thanks for helping us celebrate and reppin NOLA so well!The seafood po-boy was the best I had in New Orleans it was light and the fried green tomatoes added the perfect finish to the pallet. literally mind blowing!  My boyfriend had the Roast Beef Po-boy and it was amazing!!! It was heavy so be prepared it actually has fries inside!
P.S. trust the bartenders on beer! They made a mix for me and it was exactly what I asked for! tart/dry and complex. But there craft beer selection on its own is good even without the creativity added :PWe had the best experience here! We walked in and were immediately greeted with warmth and smiles from the ENTIRE wait staff which was nice. We had been day drinking so we really needed some food and water which was brought out so promptly. The waiter was so friendly, I wanna say his name was Sam?, he was the absolute best he had us happy and laughing the entire time we were in there. We got several different dishes for the table and just split them to try different things but their shrimp po boy was delicious!Roaming the streets of NOLA, came upon this place on a late Sunday night. Wasn't busy and the music was just to my liking. Had a couple of  drinks with my husband, bartender was polite. Nothing too crazy about this place at this time. Good drinks ad convenient.The seafood nachos are outstanding. Our hotel is right down the street making this one of our favorite places to pop in to. And if you're not in the mood for dine in, call in an order for carryout. They take extra care when packing to-go orders, making sure everything is separate to ensure freshness. Great atmosphere, perfect location, excellent service.This is the only place in NOLA that we came to twice. The bartender was super sweet and friendly (we got her twice fortunately!) and the seafood nachos... wow. Those are a must try. Overall just a great atmosphere with a friendly staff and delicious food!The food here is still great, nothing new here. YD ordered her seafood nachos again, and the rosemary shrimp po'boy is woodsy and wonderful.
What earned 801 Royal an update was our server. His name, a month out now, escapes me and I wanna apologize to him right now for that (Patrick, maybe?), because he pretty much turned that meal into a party. Part of it is that he's unabashedly gay, and two of our party was a gay couple, so the banter that went back and forth between these guys was hilarious. But that's only part of it. He's one of those servers who just knows how to read his customers and provide them with exactly what they're looking for. And if the amount of alcohol flowing that night boosted the tips we left him, we had no regrets because we had a fantastic time!Both of our meals were absolutely awesome. The blackened chicken and by po boy sandwich with French  fries beef cheese and a roll filled with a wonderful juice.    The best.Before we went to New Orleans we had asked our friends for a list of must-do restaurants,  801 Royal was not on there but it will be on our list to recommend to others. We stumbled across 801 Royal by chance after taking in the exhibits at The Presbytere in Jackson Square. Don't let the sports bar atmosphere fool you, this place is legit when it comes to Cajun/Creole food. 
Our party ordered 4 dishes, catfish, chicken, the Royal Po-boy, and the Cajun Sampler. We all really enjoyed our food. My girlfriend and I split the po-boy and the Sampler. The po-boy was stuffed with fresh shrimp and fried green tomatoes. The sandwich was huge we easily had leftovers. The Sampler was another home run although the gumbo was a bit weak on flavor. The etoufee was full of crawfish and flavor. The sausage patty and crawfish fritters were a pleasant surprise. We once again had plenty for leftovers. The atmosphere was a bit loud but it looks like it would be a great place to have a few drinks and great food away from the hustle of Bourbon Street.Took 2 hours to get our food. A table that arrived 45 minutes after we did got our good before us. The server kept giving excuses about the size of other tables and then a cook mysteriously quit. I would NEVER recommend this restaurant to anyone. Terrible service..so bad in fact it cannot be called service. I could have cooked it faster myself.Not the greatest meal we had in NOLA.  Our waiter was very friendly and attentive.   I was very surprised to find a piece of Chihuly over the bar.  Food was a bit overpriced for what you got and the nachos had a ton of cheese on them which almost made it difficult to eat.The only reason I rate this place 5 stars is because I've craved fried green tomatoes ever since I watched the movie Fried Green Tomatoes!!  and they were everything id imagine! Oh yea, Cajun samples is awesome tooSaturday night dinner
Super sweet waitress
Fun atmosphere - like Bourbon on Royal
Margarita: 80% sour mix, no noticeable liquor
Chicken gumbo: some flavor, mediocre
Seafood nachos: big plate of nachos (likely out of a bag) drowned to the point of being soggy in a liquid cheese sauce, w some jalapeños and tomatoes on the side, covered in a lot of small flavorful shrimp. The shrimp were good, but the rest was soggy grossness
Yelp failed me w this 4 star ratingWent here this past weekend with friends visiting from out-of-town. So glad we did! Don't leave without trying the seafood nachos and oyster shooters. Nice, simple menu with lots of flavor. Great atmosphere, too!Busy at 2:30 but sat immediately.  Red beans and rice was great! Local beer on tap tasted great. Server attentive but not in the way. Great place.Delicious Sunday brunch...with bottomless mimosas to boot! The staff was the best we encountered during our entire trip!!!Stopped here for a quick beer. The bartenders were great and let you sample then first. Also let us the the Bloody Mary mix and it was awesome. Cute little bar.Came in because they're one of the few places open after ten pm. We were pleasantly surprised by the food. Their chips and salsa was great, the chips seem homemade. I got the French fry po boy, very good. My friend loved her muffuletta. Would definitely go backHeard great things but service was so so and the kitchen screwed up two orders (shrimp nachos and a burger). This would have still resulted a good review but the kitchen returned a burnt burger and slightly burnt shrimp nachos now drenched in cheese sauce!
Needless to say the experience was less than desirable.Came in looking for a late night fix.  I grabbed a gumbo but I wasn't impressed.  It was a bit bland and thicker than other gumbos I've had this week.  
My husband grabbed the royal poboy with fried green tomatoes.  It was pretty much the fried green tomato appetizer on a bread.  The green tomato and shrimp was good but there was a bit too much bread.  
Friends got hit pretty hard with their special drink which is an AMF topped with moonshine.First the staff...  Aubrey, Missy - could not have been more welcoming after our poor experience at another establishment. Great food and atmosphere. In came a huge party of Irish gentleman from the Downtown Irish assn in NOLA getting ahead of the game for St Patty's.  Many specialty drinks topped with moonshine! 
WISH AUBREY HAPPY BIRTHDAY on March 5th!This place from start to finish was a complete masterpiece. The food is unreal. We had the blackened chicken pasta and the french fry po boy and finished off with the bread pudding. Everything they brought out was unbelievably tasty and the service was so warm and welcoming. I really appreciate experiences like this and will definitely be back on my next vacation!Stopped in for drinks and the atmosphere was very cozy and laid back. I had the roast beef fries w/gravy and they were definitely on point with the flavor and texture. I would love to come back and try other menu options.This was my first meal in New Orleans after driving all the way from Chicago. I had the deep fried platter which included stuff oysters, crawfish, catfish and shrimp. 
 Everything was solid but nothing screamed out, "WELCOME TO NOLA". 
Still in search for outstanding, jaw-dropping food.Seafood nachos were great, poboys and gumbo were pretty good. Go there and ask for Patrick, he is the bomb.My husband and I discovered this place on our third trip to NOLA! The food, atmosphere and staff were superb! I had the French Fry Poboy; my husband had the pork chop & red beans special - both excellent choices!!We stopped in here this evening with a fellow Yelper for a nightcap. It was conveniently thirsty Thursday and house wines were only $5. Our table enjoyed a round of drinks and had fun catching up. 
Our waitress kept calling the women 'baby girl' and 'sweetheart' -- which I hated. She wasn't overly attentive, but we had everything that we needed. 
All in all, this was a great place (and super affordable) to stop in for a drink. It was filled but not crowded.We dropped by for an early lunch here and came away truly impressed. The fried green tomatoes appetizer topped with shrimp was tasty! I got the red beans and rice with andouille sausage and oh boy it was so flavorful even tho on the runny side. The crawfish etouffee was decent and the Abita was cold here. Cool atmosphere and good service!Highly recommended. Family owned business. Great food! Very clean. Nice casual ambience. Good music; not too loud. Multiple televisions playing sports. The bartender (Andrew) is amazing; very attentive, social, serves a fresh cold glass per round, buybacks... everything you expect to get from a good bartender. We had such a great experience, we went twice in 1 day. They serve breakfast and unlimited mimosas from 9-12pm on Saturday and Sundays.Pretty good!
Lunch with nice service.
Hurricanes were expensive, but good.
Gumbo was great!
Rosemary shrimp was good!
Just all around pretty good.I can't comment on the food here other than the french fries (I know... lame right?) however we stopped in to grab a drink and to get away from the heat one night and chose this place to stop in at. Super friendly waitress came over and recommended the lightning drink? I'm not sure what was in it but it was ridiculously delicious and equally as strong. Bf and I both drank one and were feeling pretttty dang good. We ordered the fries just to munch on, which were really really good too. I wish we would've come back here for food! Next time.801 Royal was fabulous! The food was great. The service was outstanding. 
Will eat here every time in NOLA!!Delicious food and very friendly staff! Loved the sausage sampler. I will definitely return when going back to New Orleans.Great muffuletta. The olive mix was superb! The kids shared a fried oyster and fried shrimp platter. The seafood was seasoned perfectly and fried to a perfect golden brown. But the coup de gras, by far, was the seafood nachos!! They were amazeballs!!!This place is a solid 4 stars. Was not feeling that great since hurricane slurpees seemed like a good idea the night before so I was looking for something warm and heart.  I orederd the shrimp pasta and it was everything a southern pasta dish should be, which is rich buttery goodness. Would definitely go back.We didn't try the food but the drinks and atmosphere were divine. The Bloody Marys  are not to be out done any where around and I'm not a Bloody Mary fan. The bartender was amusing and asshole all  in one. (if you get the same guy bartender you have to ask for the blueberry, mint Tito drink ). He makes a hell of a lot better one than the female bartender that recommender it but with a lot less enthusiasm.A rare five star review. And it's all on the bartender Aubrey. This guy is talented and understands great "service" the food could have been a pile of nothing and I'd still be raving about this place. Now not saying the food wasn't great. It's exactly what you would expect from a joint like this. Quick easy tasty nice variety. And it was right next to our roomGreat place to grab a bite to eat or get a drink to go! Very friendly staff and the bartenders give you very strong pours!Ignore this review if you're looking to read more about 801's food. Read this review if you're looking to grab a drink to go during a busy time of year.
My friends and I were looking to have a drink on hand as we joined the masses for the Bowie second line this past week. The place was understandably busy, no surprise there. That said, when your bar is two or three deep, perhaps it's time to make 'dem drinks rather than hold court with your regulars going on about how drunk you got last night. We had to repeat our order of three simple drinks (2 vodka sodas, one Corona) three times. When trying to pay, we were given two different prices - get this, 26.50 first and then when we repeated the price in disbelief (come on, I know we're in the Quarter but are you kidding me?), realizing his mistake (?) he lowered the price to $25. Did we order doubles? Are Coronas now an expensive beer? We paid, tipped and got out of there. I've tended bar in packed places before so I get the whole being flustered thing, but this isn't acceptable. Weirdly enough, I didn't feel like it was *that* packed. A large group came and went with their go cups, which kind of emptied the place out. The bartender was just not fast enough. We were in there about 20 minutes total.
I was also barked at when I was waiting for the bathroom. A woman came by asking me if I was a customer and then demanded to know which table I was at. Realizing she sounded kind of harsh, she softened her tone when I pointed out my friends at the bar.
Won't be going back, even when it isn't crowded. There are plenty of French Quarter bars that handle their crowds well and treat you like a customer when you are one.Horrible service! First issue was with the mimosas. I noticed we didn't get cherries in them like every other person, so I asked for some and the server brings out a cup of cherries with an attitude. All I'm thinking to myself is consistency is key, jeez! Then One of my friends had a dirty champagne glass with someone else's lipstick on it, after about 15 minutes of waiting on our server to come to the table we informed him of the issue. He gets a clean glass and proceeds to pour the mimosa from the dirty glass into the clean one right in front of us! I pointed out to him how that was unacceptable and his response was "it's just a glass", ummm, what?? He then goes and makes her a new mimosa in a plastic cup, fine. We place our order and wait another 30 for the food because it's busy. Before we start eating we noticed someone of the utensils were dirty as well, gross. Then my order of shrimp and grits comes out with a long strand of black hair on it. When it comes time to pay we're informed the don't split checks but that they can divide it all up equally, ok cool. Three people payed with the exact amount for their portion and the remained of the bill was for my meal. We all double checked to make sure it would all balance out and I'd only be charged for my food, tax included yet somehow the guy overcharged my card by more than $1.00. Yeah, it's just a dollar but it's the principal of it all. At that point I was so over this place. I would have stayed to dispute this an manager but the place was so busy, and service was so slow I didn't want to make everyone else in my group suffer through it. Needless to say I'll never come back here again.Small place with typical local food like po boys or fried seafood/chicken.  We ordered the seafood nacho, it was huge in portion highly recommended, skip the catfish bites it was really fishy. Wait staff was friendly and on point. Not a place for dinner more just for drinks and finger food.Had the SEAFOOD NACHOS $14.95 (Homemade Tortilla Chips swimming in Shrimp, Crawfish and melted Cheese! Served with Sour Cream) and the CAJUN SAMPLER $19.95 (Start with a cup of gumbo! Then enjoy a serving of Crawfish Etoufee, Red Beans and Rice, and smoked alligator sausage). 
We came here for lunch on Easter Sunday right before the parade and its location was awesome. The food was plenty and delicious. Only downside was I wish there were more nachos! the cheesy sauce was delicious but it drowned many of our tortillas which turned it mushy. sadness.  The smoked alligator sausage was yummy - couldn't tell it was alligator though. The  red beans and rice was bland. Crawfish etouffee was pretty decent. I liked the gumbo a lot. had a lot of chicken and andouille sausage and great flavor. 
Overall an enjoyable meal. Got really crowded around noon and I felt a bit squeezed by the people passing to get to their table (sat at a high table by the bar area).Very laid back spot with great food and a great atmosphere.  Our bartender Storie, was very engaging and had great recommendations. The food is good, try the crawfish fritters, and reasonably priced. It's not a flashy spot but may have been my best meal in my 4 days in the French QuarterHeard a lot about this place and walked by it a number of times but never gave it much thought.  It has its fans. I really wanted to give it a 3.5, but erred on the side of its plusses.   First, it's very charming and totally not what I expected inside.   The servers were for the most part helpful, polite and quick (there was one that seemed to be more interested in gossip than work, but she wasn't waiting on us).  Despite numerous complaints I read from others, the prices are in fact about what you would expect to pay in the Quarter for similar fare.  On to the food, I had the seafood nachos. . . very good, very satisfying.   I was concerned they may have gone light on the cheese and seafood because the chips on the outside of the bowl were bare, but apparently it was buried deep inside as well.  Mix up the chips and you'll be happy.    Definitely worth ordering.  A friend had red beans and rice with friend chicken.  The beans fell short on this one.  Red beans are a New Orleans staple, and they aren't very difficult to make.  These were missing something.  Not bad, but bland. It was missing the other things locals generally used. . garlic, onion, bell pepper, celery. . . or at least not enough of them.  A sprinkle of red pepper flakes wouldn't hurt either to give them a little bite.   It was basically just cooked beans.  My friend added several generous shakes of Crystal hot sauce just to be able to give them some flavor.  The fried chicken was battered well, but also seemed to be missing something.  It's a great start, but if nothing else it needed a little salt in the batter.  Also, they used boneless chicken. . everyone knows bone in adds way more flavor.  A little messier, but better.  I hear they have a pretty good brunch and plan on going in to try that as well.  I'll update when I do.  Overall, its a good place to go for a quick light bite without running up too big a ticket or having to dress less casually.  I do recommend it; I just wouldn't make it a top contender.  If it improves let me know, and I'll come back and give it a try.All the great things others have said about the seafood nachos are true, they were SO GOOD. I don't know what kind of cheese they use, but it was delicious. I also had the royal poboy - a shrimp poboy with fried green tomatoes. This too was very tasty and I wish I had a bigger appetite to finish it all. It was quite large and a little difficult to get a full bite with all the fixins in it. Friends had ordered the étouffée and gumbo and they looked exactly the same. Maybe bc of the lighting? Anyways, the gumbo was just ok and unfortunately the étouffée had no flavor at all. Pass on those, but def get the nachos.Okay I can't get this restaurant out of my head... In a good way. Went on a family trip and one night we were all feeling like chilling on our own. Soo went for a walk and found this place right on the corner near bourbon street. Went inside and was made to feel very welcome. 
The menu was very affordable unlike some more touristy places on this trip. I loved the gumbo, and the shrimp po'boy was my favorite in all of New Orleans! I came back and dragged my whole family with me :)
Funny story was during the first visit, there happened to be a major storm when we sat. The power on the whole block went out. It got really dark and my son who was with me started to get scared :( the waiter brought out a flashlight and played with him and the live entertainment played mellow music until the power came back on. 
I have to say if your in the area, take a chance on something special. I promise you won't regret it!!I stopped by for a late lunch late in the afternoon. I ate at the bar and ordered their shrimp parm rosemarry poboy. It was fantastic! While the food was great the bartender was fabulous. She was very attentive and friendly. 
I must say that this was the best PoBoy of my trip. You can bet I will be back on my next trip to NOLA!Shrimp & grits were average. I've had better. Endless mimosa with brunch fare made up for it. Waiter helpful and friendly. Good corner place to drop into.We were in NOLA for a few days and this was the first dinner here. My wife, who is less adventurous than I, had the hamburger and she thoroughly enjoyed it. I had the crayfish Po boy. Over all, it was good, but was a little dry as it was served. I asked for some tartar sauce, which made the sandwich quite more flavorful and palatable, but not amazing. my friend had the original Po boy with fries in the middle and gravy on it. the gravy is very runny and goes to the bottom to make the bread soggy, which he enjoyed and there is a significant amount of shredded beef that had a nice roast taste.
Overall a good experience, but didn't blow us away. If I went back, I would get the original Po boy. 
The service was just okay and nothing to brag about.Went in to grab a quick drink and maybe a bite. Asked the bartender for a recommendation for their best IPA and he said he didn't have one, he'd suggest a Heineken. Worst customer service I've had down here. Won't go back.The food service is extremely slow and Royal Burger was average at best. The only reasons I didn't go lower is because the servers and bartenders are really nice and very hardworking. I'd go here for drinks but not food, if you are really hungry.What a great night. The staff (all moved from another restaurant with the same owner) are stunningly attentive and friendly. The food is much better than you would expect from a corner bar. The bar, by the way, was great. 
The signature drinks are a little spendy at $12 but they are actually quite good. The Louisiana Lightning is like a strong Long Island iced tea (think about that for a second). 
The roux for the gumbo and étouffée was impressively dark and not even slightly burnt. I wish I had that patience. Both were delightful and we literally cleaned our bowls with the bread. There is good reason for this to one of the highest rated stops in New Orleans. Trust me, it is worth the walk.
UPDATE: We came back to make we weren't just lucky on our first visit. This place is solid. The seafood nacho (I was really skeptical about this) was stunning. The house made cheese sauce (not your typical orange queso) was light in color and rich in flavor, a perfect accent for the shrimp. It was a delightful and unusual treat.Great cozy neighborhood bar. Very clean. Perfect for those who love being social,  but want to get away from the Bourbon Street scene.  Tried the French Fry po boy & crawfish friiters, both were excellent and exceed expectations. The PO boy has the perfect amount of shredded roast beef on it and the fritters are more crawfish than breading.Great place and AMAZING staff. The bartender Drew welcomed us in and by the time we left New Orleans they made us honorary locals. The food is wonderful and great local beers on tap. The bands play music with a local feel, no cover bands. Can not say enough about how great this place is.Good drinks and hot bartenders. Really good place for a quick drink. Highly recommended.Don't be fooled by this restaurant's yelp reviews!!! My husband and I drove all the way to New Orleans from Austin, TX for some good Cajun/Creole food and decided on this place based on the good yelp reviews. This was unfortunately a HUGE MISTAKE. We ordered the crawfish etouffee and the rosemary shrimp po boy. Both were completely flavorless. The etoufee was the worst etoufee I have ever had. It was 90% onions and celery in a tasteless, very watery broth. For amount of crawfish we got in the dish the price was absurd. The shimp po boy was just as bad and overpriced. The best thing in either dish were the fries that you can get ANYWHERE. WHAT A SAD WASTE OF MONEY AND A MEAL, ESPECIALLY WHEN IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE  FOR A FUN WEEKEND GETAWAY FOR CAJUN/CREOLE FOOD!Great seafood nachos!!!! Friendly staff. We went in at 11:58 pm and they told us the kitchen closed at midnight. Usually restaurants get very angry with ordering like that but they were happy to make us some nachos. Went back 2 nights in a row!We stopped in here for dinner based on the reviews, but were not thrilled with the PO-boys we ordered.  We were starving when we walked in so anything should have tasted good, but our sandwiches didn't hit the NOLA taste we were looking for.We stopped in for a late dinner, and was pleasantly surprised to find a very accommodating menu for vegetarians--I ended up with a fried green tomato poboy, and it was delicious!We ate at 801 Royal our last night in New Orleans.  Boy, did we save the best for last.  We LOVED 801 Royal!  But most of all we LOVED Kelly and the crew.  BEST place we ate in New Orleans. The food was amazing!!  We had the bloody mary, crawfish nachos, gumbo, muffaletta, etoufee, red beans and rice, pasta and to-die-for bread pudding.  Everything was excellent (compared to a couple of the other places we tried - recommended by yelp, of course).  We also loved the private room off to the side because we had a larger party, and it was super convenient with its own TV.  It was close to the men's bathroom, but was not a problem at all for 6 girls....actually, it was easy access for us when there were no guys going in and out of it. We would definitely go there again, and recommend 801 to all our friends.  You won't be disappointed! :)Great customer service and the food is outstanding.  Blackened chicken pasta superb. Small seating area nice All members of our group loved the food.My boyfriend and I flew into NOLA late at night. After we checked into our hotel, we frantically Yelped a place that was still open because we were starving and wanted our first meal to be out instead of hotel food. None of the places we had looked up were open, so we had to find another place that still was. This one was it.
When we got here, we knew we would like it. It's not that big, but it has a great vibe about it.
We started off with two drinks, Swamp Dogtini and Louisiana Lightnin'. The Swamp Dogtini was... "interesting. It tastes just like it sounds. Salty, olivey, savory, etc. It was a unique tasting experience, but I probably will not order again. The Louisiana Lightnin' though... DELICIOUS!!! It's basically a blue long island, but better!
On our first visit, we ordered the 801 crab cakes: delicious. My boyfriend doesn't like mustard or mayo, but ended up loving the dipping sauce, which tells you how good the sauce is. We followed it with the Cajun Sampler. The crawfish ettouffee was delicious! The beans were underwhelming, on the bland side. Overall, a success.
We went back on NYE because we wanted more Lightnin's. This time the place was packed, so we didn't stay long, but we love the owner, she's a ball. If the bartender is Aubrey, make sure you get a drink from him. He's meticulous with his work, and you're guaranteed a good drink.
I've recommended this to other folks who also enjoyed visiting here. You should come try it out for yourself!Good place to stop for a quick bite. Has a local vibe to it, somewhat of a dive, but food lived up to the reviews we read prior to walking in. Had a shrimp PoBoy which was overall good, not great, but good enough for our first meal of the trip. Fried green tomatoes were one of the best things I've had in NOLA so far this week 5/5. Rating it a 3/5 based on the service taking to long, and overall atmosphere being a little underwhelming for a first time NOLA visitor. Server was helpful and nice, but definitely over seated and rushed. Too much time in between drinks, etc....and for being a place that we wanted to get in and out of, it just took a little too long. Probably not an issue generally... Just our experienceDecent bread pudding!!    I ate most of it before taking he photo.
Food looks decent, but just had dessert!  Interesting menu and a great location.We love this place!!! My husband and I spent a weekend in NOLA and this was one of my favorite spots. Right on Royal st (one block from Bourbon) which I fell in love with. Walking on Royal felt like walking on Rue Jacob in St Germaine (Paris). We came here for a drink and appetizer only. Best hurricane drink ever. I NEVER order Nachos but it was late and we wanted a quick snack. GET the seafood nachos. Trust me. You will never have nachos as good as these. Homemade tortilla chips, shrimp, crawfish, savory pico de gallo, and the warm delicious cheese. A must!!! Service was warm, friendly, excellent!! Oh those nachos!!Yelp users steered us right on this one.  I had the Cajun Sampler, which was all good, but the gumbo and étouffée were the best I've ever had. The fried oysters our son ordered were also perfect - flavorful, fresh, and breaded and fried by someone who knows what they were doing.  Fried green tomatoes topped with shrimp was delicious, and our younger son called the burger "too good". Great service as well. Highly recommended!i just spent a week in New Orleans and this was the best place I ate at. I'm still daydreaming about the gumbo and crawfish. I got the taste of new orleans platter, and my bf got the catfish basket. I also got some ridiculous drink with moonshine floated on top. The atmosphere was fun, our waitress was great, and we were seated within 5 minutes during lunch. I also appreciated the plating - it's hard to make 2 pile of shapeless goops not touch on a plate, but the tiny mountains of rice were super effective.This place was recommended to me by a local painter. We were greeted and sat very quickly. The staff was very friendly and the food was phenomenal. We got the shrimp Po boy and the seafood nachos. The po boy was probably the best I've ever had and the seafood nachos were equally as good. I wanted to just keep eating. The bar staff was very friendly to the other patrons and was having shots with a few of them. The atmosphere is awesome and it's right in the middle of everything. Definitely recommend this place if you're close.Nice restaurant. Laid back atmosphere.  Server was friendly.  Red beans and rice had great flavor.  Good quality and quantity of food for a reasonable price.Great Bloody Marys! The service was awesome.  And the food was right on par with what I wanted.  We went on a rainy, thundering day but they totally brightened our day.  Its just a small casuall and delicious experience!  Really just a cool place I'd like to be back at again.  I think I had a salad with shrimp and I can't tell you what the other half had because it was gone in a heart beat!  plates were cleaned.Great spot for a quick, casual bite or drink. The gumbo was hot and just the right amount of spice. Bartender was attentive and friendly. Decent prices for the Quarter and great night specials for industry folks like me. Thanks!Stumbled into this place early Sunday afternoon and they were pushing some brunch with unlimited mimosas but I was trying to go without alcohol for a few hours in NOLA so declined.  Had the crawfish nachos and they were excellent.  Boiled crawfish tails and not fried crawfish which was very nice.We stopped here first when we got to New Orleans service and food was good. If your hungry and close by definitely stop by for a poboy or nachos. Drinks are delicious as well, try the Bloody Mary you won't be disappointed.They were busy when we arrived but we got a table right away. We were there for one thing: the Seafood Nachos. 
And as promised by other Yelp reviewers, they were out of this world. The restaurant might want to hand out snorkels with this dish because we didn't come up for air once. Think a gigantic plate of nachos can't disappear in a flash? Think again with these.Just came for dessert. Nice people. The offerings were bread pudding and cheesecake. Bread pudding was amazing. Nice friendly small bar near the cathedral.Excellent food (especially for the prices).  Hurricane drink was expensive, but ginormous, and good!!!!  The gumbo was excellent.  The shrimp po' boy was really good.  Wouldn't recommend the catfish sandwich.  
The waitress was really nice.  Small place, not incredible atmosphere, but clean, friendly and air conditioned.  
I would definitely recommend this place!!!I am generously giving this dump 1star because I have to in order to post this. This place is useless. I wasn't served. I was never given a menu. I was never even welcomed beyond "yeah sit there." The final straw was when the wait staff started serving the walk in drink orders ignoring ALL the tables. Which I suppose makes sense since it took the bartender 5 min to make 1 basic mimosa.We loved the gumbo, and the shrimp nachos. The staff was excellent, I even left my souvenir magnet there and at the end of the night, I went back by to see if they still had it and the waitress had held it for me. Great service, convenient and good food.We only bought a couple cocktails to go, but the service was out standing. Seems to be less busy than most other places for the same thing you are looking for. Their pimms cup is amazing with diced cucumbers. Must go. The hostess/waitress was very nice to give us tips to help us really enjoy our new orleans trip!I came here to meet some friends for drinks, but needed to go to the restroom before they arrived. The hostess hunted me down and required me to order, and pay for, a drink before using the restroom. Wow. Terrible customer service. We grabbed drinks across the street instead.Service was very good! We ordered Nachos and they were not good. Cheese wiz and frozen shrimp was served. A mouse raced across the floor, server was so funny he made us laugh about it.As a concierge at a hotel in the French Quarter, I send a lot of guests to 801 Royal when they ask for recommendations. Today was the first day I actually went there to eat/drink for myself. The food is phenomenal as well as the atmosphere. One delicious tip is to dip a spoonful of potato salad into their gumbo. You will not be disappointed!I give walking tours in the French Quarter and I stop and multiple bars during the tour. There is one guy who is so awesome here. Always nice and always wants to make things run smoothly. The food has always been good whenever we eat here... I always suggest my guests on tours to stop in and grab a to go drink from 801 Royal :)Amazing food! Try the Cajun Sampler if you're real hungry. Doesn't look like much from the outside but our hotel concierge recommended it and I'm so glad she did! The music is good and the atmosphere is great for any occasion. We will definitely come back here in the future! Our waitress was Mary both times we went to 801 and the service was great each time! Mary made us feel at home-like eating a local restaurant in our hometown. She was honest and upfront and always attended to us in a timely manner! Already missing this place and we just left today. A big thanks is owed to Mary for making our visit so special.In my opinion they have the best muffaletta in the french quarter. A whole is enough for two people. Each time we went the staff was very friendly. They also have a good cocktail menu. I had the jazz funeral drink and it was pretty good.I loved this place. One of my co-workers who loves NOLA like we do put this spot on my radar & boy am I glad she did.  The guy who greeted us at the door, ended up being our server. He turned out to be extremely friendly, engaging and helpful, with that beautiful "YAT" accent that I love :)  We snagged a great window seat for great people watching. Our server made a couple of drink suggestions that were really good. The Second Line Lemonade & I think the other drink was called the Jazz Funeral ? Anyway, both were good, but the star for me was those dang Seafood Nachos ! OMG they were so good.  My hubby enjoyed his Chicken Burger but did not care for the Potato Salad. I tasted it too & it was missing a little something, the flavor was a bit off, but I was too busy killing my Seafood Nachos to care. LOL The queso was just the right consistency, the chips were thin & homemade & most importantly , they were not stingy with the shrimp and crawfish on the Nachos. Now I am curious about so many other things I saw on the Menu. I will definitely be back to try this place again.Read about this place on Yelp and added it to my to do list for my New Orleans birthday trip. Although this place is small, the food and ambience more than made up for it. We visited on a Monday and in New Orleans you know what that means...RED BEANS AND RICE! You had the option of the fried pork chop or chicken breast..I opted for the chicken Breast and OMG was it good. The chicken was fried to perfection..crunchy on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside. The red beans and rice were delicious and made a good "dip" for our chicken. I also enjoyed the Jazz Funeral and while it was delicious I would have preferred more vodka for the $12 price tag..they make their punches with Smirnoff so it wouldn't hurt to add a splash or two more.  The place was packed as the BCS Championship game was that night however our waiter didn't lose us in the crowd and checked on us often. I plan to visit the city again in May and will definitely return for more goodies!Stumbled in here on a NFL Saints Sunday. Free shots when the Saints scored! Great service, the owners are dolls, and the drinks and food were great, we loved this place. No riffraff hanging around and the service was incredible. Loved it and will most definitely be coming back next time to NOLA.I only had one night in the big easy and decided on this place based on the reviews. 
I had the Cajun sampler which had a little of everything. The gumbo came first and was very good. Service was a little slow, as it took about 20 minutes for the rest of the food to arrive, but it was worth the wait. 
I ate every bite of the etoufee, red beans and rice. By the time the bread pudding arrived, I was only able to eat a few bites, but it was very good. For the undecided who want to taste several Creole/Cajun style dishes, this is the way to go.Great food .. You have to try the royal tomatoes and fried catfish!!! I ordered the cajun sampler and my boyfriend ordered the fried catfish and i ended loving the catfish wayy moreGotta have the Royal po boy - fridge green tomatoes and shrimp with a remoulade sauce,  and the Parish Cane Break beer!This place is incredible. My favorite restaurant ive been to in New Orleans so far. I ordered the gumbo and crawfish etouffee, and both were delicious. Server was also great and gave my group of 7 a private room in the back where we could watch the game. Everything I sampled from other plates was great tooFive star customer service! Unbelievably awesome restaurant/bar culture. My favorite of all the places I visited on this NOLA trip. It was a busy Saturday night when I went in. Despite that, I was quickly greeted and invited to take a seat at the bar. The bartenders were Aubrey and Jenn. They were genuinely nice and extremely attentive. Aubrey asked my name and shook my hand and Jenn also shook my hand and introduced herself. Then Aubrey introduced me to everyone else sitting at the bar including folks from Portland right beside me (which immediately created conversation with them and made my time there much more enjoyable). Jenn told me that Aubrey has an amazing memory for names and will likely remember my name if I return. She also said it is commonplace for strangers to meet there over a meal or drinks and then end up hanging out later. And after the Portland folks left, two Mississippians sat down and we, in fact, ended up hanging out for a few hours exploring Frenchman Street afterward. Jenn gave us recommendations on where else to go right before we left. Oh and Jenn is drop dead gorgeous too by the way. Well you may also want to know about the food- it was delicious- I had the seafood pasta with half crawfish and half shrimp. Even though the food was great and supper was the reason I went there, the sense that I was a local at a locals spot being treated as a friend and VIP, ended up making the food almost secondary. I will be back. I highly recommend trying this place out!AMAZING SERVICE! The staff accommodated my nightshade intolerance (food allergy) without hesitation or question. Probably the best roast beef Po Boy I've had in ages as well; they replaced the tomatoes and potato options with a great salad. Please visit this lovely spot!Shrimp and rosemary Po boy wasn't all that great. Overpowered by cheese. Seafood nachos was good but also overpowered by the cheese. Service was great though!Based on the reviews, I was expecting more.
I really thought I'd give this place a higher score.
I guess 801 Royal is more "hit & miss" than a sure thing,
Mmm, where to start, where to begin?
Let me start with the highlight of the meal,
The Seafood Nachos are the real deal.
The Muffaletta could be better,
I wasn't told it would be served cold.
The Crawfish Etoufee wasn't what I expected,
In fact, it left me a little dejected.
Overall, I was disappointed with this place,
Only the Nachos satisfied my face.
I don't feel like I received what I was yearning,
To summarize, RhymeCat will not be returning.Fairly bustling near Jackson square. We just wanted dessert and the waiter welcomed us. He seemed a bit pulled thin but nice. The food around us seemed to look large and tasty. Unfortunately the bread pudding I had was lukewarm and just OK. Also an employee (the manager?) yelled that the bathrooms were only for customers even though I was and that was off putting.Bartenders were friendly and the food highlights Louisiana flavor very well! Portions are large and drinks are strong. Met a lot of locals at the bar and that's a great sign. Strongly recommend getting away from the tourist trap and experience this place!Ridiculously good $3 oyster shots!
We were attracted to the bubble machine delighting everyone at the intersection this lovely restaurant is located on. I saw the great reviews and we opted to check it out. The top of the menu reads $3 oyster shots - yes please! We easily sat at the bar and ordered some drinks and a round of shots.
Then, we each took a turn at the ATM as we had spent all of our cash and were in need. As I was alone two lovely ladies came by to make sure everyone was doing well and were just as sweet as can be.
After a few minutes the best oyster shots I've ever had arrived! There was a tasty oyster, a bloody mary/vodka topper, a sweet/spicy/salty rim and a lemon wedge! Soooo good - I ordered another round!
I also ordered a cup of the crawfish etouffee - yum!
I loved the vibe in there, some brick Fleur de lis and a rad glass chandelier over the bar. There was also a very large flat screen showing the day's sports highlights which the boyfriend dug. 
Upon exiting one of those lovely ladies bid us farewell and thanked us for being there. It was amazing! I can't recommend this place enough. Next time I will try even more from the menu.This place was amazing. Some of the best crawfish etouffee I've ever had, some of the best gumbo I've ever had, and the absolute best bread pudding I've ever had in my entire life. I would definitely come back here.Was looking for a good oyster house and thanks to yelp, found this place.  Chargrilled Oysters were excellent (buttery and garlicky) and the raw oysters were great as well.  My buddy and I polished off 3 dozen oysters in no time.  The bloody mary was pretty good too.  4 stars!
Would eat again!We went here on one of our first nights in NOLA! Enjoyed the heck out of their seafood nachos and had the pleasure of meeting the amazingly sweet owner who got us a oyster shot - which was the most amazing thing I have put in my mouth!! I love this city!!Great service, great beers and great Po Boys. What else could you need?
Royale and roast beef po boys are what we enjoyed.Great Po-Boy for Lunch.
Had the Royal Po-Boy which had fried green tomatoes and shrimp on it.  It was better than the Po-Boy I had a mothers and the sweet potato fries were crispy and tasty.  We also had good service.
I would go back.So we were just walking around and bummed into 801 Royal and they still had happy hour going on until like 9 or 10...wine was like 3 bucks, jack and coke was 3.50, let's just say we stood here a while.  I did have a small crawfish etoufee not only was it yummy...it came with some awesome hush puppies...I was a happy girl!Didn't stay long, just poppin in, but service was great and gumbo was yummy. Only been around since 2012.BEWARE... attention manager and owner    the service was great, the waitress was a sweetheart, the food was meh. my boyfriend ordered the crawfish etouffee and i had the hamburger. the meat in the burger was cold. here is what's important! i ordered the oyster shooter and there was a SHARP SHELL piece attacted to the OYSTER. thank good i didn't drink it like a shot because i may have DIED. it was very scary. i'm attaching a picture.Came in seeking refuge from the olfactory punishment of a post-Mardi gras Bourbon Street (think Boston subway on St Paddy's day)-- turned down  a side street and followed the bubbles falling from the sky. Yeah, bubbles.  Skipped the breakfast and went straight for the Tully and a coffee  (but not an Irish coffee-- I prefer them separate, and to mix in my belly like a witches brew of hair of the dog.  Very clean but still unpretentious, and just enough divey.  Staff was sweet and hospitable, Angél was a dear to entertain an old sea dog like me, and Becca's smile alone is worth the hike down. Shame I was only in town for the morning, but looking forward to returning after the cruise for some more daytime drinking.  I might even crack the food menu next time, which the fans are raving about.A nice place to stop in a very busy place. The oyster shooter was refreshing. The roast beef po boy was good as were the nachos.I got the Blackened Chicken Pasta and it was phenomenal. The chicken had just the right amount of cajun seasoning and it was perfect with the alfredo pasta. If I could eat this everyday and not get obese I would!Stopped into this cute little bar walking down the street and met one of the coolest bartenders ever named becca. I wish I could take the entire place and experience back home with me so I could experience it all the time but I will be back no matter what. Definitely worth stopping in for at least one drink and some awesome conversation :)Had a blast at 801  Bartenders and wait staff very nice.  Drinks pleantiful.  We enjoyed food and drink.  Was convenient for stop on the way back to the hotel. Fun atmosphere.Stumbled upon this bar on our last night here and what a gem! This is a locals bar, as told to me by one of the customers. It wasn't too crazy in here, the bartender Andrew/Drew was super friendly and made an amazing Sweet Tart shot. Loved the Sausage Bites appetizer (alligator sausage + Andouille sausage) with two delicious dipping sauces. I would want to come back here again for sure.We came to 801 Royal after an awesome walking tour and at the suggestion of Yelp! Cute little place that has outstanding service and good decent lunch. Axel, is the best waiter and was outstanding in how helpful and charismatic he was as our server!
We started with the sausage sampler which was heavenlyyyyy and beyond perfection! It came with both andouille sausage and alligator sausage. We kept trying to decide which one was better, but it was really just too difficult. Both were incredible, possibly the best I've ever had, and the sauces were even better. The crawfish balls that we also ordered were very good! I ordered the catfish po'boy and I was actually a little disappointed. While I understand the history and concept of the po boy, the sandwich was beyond bland and tasteless, nothing like I have heard people rave about before. Between the bread with barely any mayo and the flavorless, bland catfish heavily battered in flour, I felt like I was choking or swallowing sand as I ate my sandwich. The sandwich came with a tiny bit of mayo, tomato, and lettuce. I don't think my sandwich is any reflection on the restaurant in total or at at all really, just my reflection on what I ordered. My boyfriend enjoyed his po' boy sandwich which included fried green tomatoes. I loved that the bar had King Cake vodka shots on hand! If I come back to NOLA, I'm positive I'd have a better experience if I ordered a different item or maybe if I customized mine a bit to not be so dry. Would definitely still come here and form your own opinion!Nothing fancy. Kids and wife were hungry, basic cajun fare at French Quarter prices. The staff was polite and attentive.Best surprising dive ever. We had a big group and they gave us the private room... For free! Our waitress Ashley was very patient and attentive, great waitress. The owner, Kelly, came out and realized it was a bachelor party and gave us all shots just to celebrate. Southern hospitality at it's finest, 5 star surprise!Service was awesome, and so was the food! I got one of the po' boys, and I as well as all of my friends were satisfied with the quality of the sandwiches. Some of us also got a drink called A Taste of Tremé and we were definitely happy with everything.I really enjoyed the alligator/andouille sausage but the crawfish etoufee was literally so salty it hurt my mouth! to replace the meal they gave me a little bowl of beans....and charged me!!!!!  #yaok
so sad =(The drinks are strong, the food is good, and the service is prompt.  But the acoustics are terrible.  While we were eating, a few people came in to the bar to do shots and they were all we could hear.  Maybe if it had been busier more bodies would have absorbed the noise...  I have no idea.
The next time I'm in New Orleans, I will gladly give it another go.Amazing local restaurant tucked away in the quarter. The food is amazing and holy crap you haven't lived if you've never had their seafood nachos. The staff is super hospitable, and the prices are a lot better than the majority of the surrounding restaurants.My husband and I stopped here for a bloody Mary on our second day in New Orleans and they were quite pricey at $12 each. However I would say they were very good and strong. The bartender told us they offer BOTTOMLESS  mimosas with a breakfast purchase! 
We came the next day for breakfast, which is about  $11-14 per plate. This includes your mimosas which are usually $8 each. So if you want a great morning buzz this is the place. I ordered the royal breakfast which is not super large but perfect for me. Everything tasted amazing!! The bartenders are friendly as well!
Will be back on our next visitTop rate food and service. Our waiter was great and added to the experience. If you bump into Kelly, the owner, buy her a drink and watch her hold court over her warm room of beloveds.Still very new and still doing a great job. Full house on a recent Friday night. My companion enjoyed a "chicken burger," which is a chicken breast, in this case grilled, on a bun. The sweet potato fries ordered on the side were fabulous.
My gumbo is hard to evaluate because, I must say, it fell far from my taste expectations of gumbo. Started with a lighter roux (not a demerit in my opinion), the taste and texture more resembled an etouffee. Traditional gumbo ingredients such as okra and tomatoes were vacant. Ample amount of chicken and sausage surely ensured that it was robust. Gumbo is a highly personal experience, so other diners may find this a perfect example of the concoction.
Pleasant, youthful staff adds to agreeable atmosphere. My previous assessment of the place as a "sports bar" was called into question by another reviewer. 801 doesn't bill itself as a sports bar for sure, but the small establishment is dominated by a huge tv over the bar that is being watched by locals seeking out sports on tv. So, expect a sports bar sort of environment.Just got back to the hotel from 801 Royal. I selected this place based on the excellent reviews here AND the recommendation of the hotel front desk clerk. I should have known that this was not going to be my type of a place as soon as I walked in. It definitely had more of a semi-rowdy bar vibe than a feel that this was a place to get some good food. I've got to learn to trust my instincts!
Pros:  less than a block from my hotel
           Kitchen, with decent to good reviews, still open after 11:00pm
           ????
Cons:  too loud
            My waitress
            Food quality/quantity
If waitress was knowledgeable about the menu items, she definitely was not able to convey that knowledge to the customer. Service left a lot to be desired. Waitress checked on me once, just minutes after I had received my food. Never heard from her again until AFTER my table had been cleared by another waitress who had noticed that I had been finished eating for quite some time. My waitress then asked if there was anything else and quickly brought the check. My water glass was empty from shortly after I got my food until I left. Just as a side note, I probably would have ordered some type of desert, but that option was never mentioned. 
Food quality /quantity. Nice big shrimp poboy, or should I say a nice big bread poboy that just happened to have 6 medium shrimp sparsely spread out on it. I'm sorry, but for a shrimp poboy to be acceptable it MUST have at least a little bit of shrimp in every bite. I might have expected this if the poboy had been $6, $8, or even $9. But in New Orleans, for $17, I expect to have a significant amount of fresh tasting gulf shrimp in every bite. This one failed on the quantity of the shrimp AND on the fresh tasting part. Not that they were spoiled, they just tasted a little "fishy" and I suspect that they might not have been deveined. 
Overall, I cannot say that I'll ever be back here, but who knows, if it is late and food is a necessity, the options for decent food are nowhere near as numerous as one might think after 11:00pm in the French Quarter. If I do come back, it definitely will not be for a poboy.Great food and AMAZING service!! Definitely will be back. I had the shrimp poboy and bread pudding. Everything was really good. So happy that there was a late night place with good food and great sevice. That's hard to come by.We stumbled upon this place by accident and fell in love! We were waited on by a super hottie named Caleb who was very attentive and recommended the queso and it was fantastic!!! We had the chicken sandwich and oyster po boy and both of us said it was some of the best food we had on the trip! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!! And don't go to FRANK'S!!!Bad bloody Mary's, soggy nachos, appetizer came out with one of two entrees. Grilled chicken was subpar. Friendly staff. Terrible food.Patrick the waiter-you are so much fun and I wish you were my waiter at every restaurant. On my last night visiting New Orleans I needed a taste of traditional creole/Cajun cuisine. I got the red beans and rice and a cup of chicken and andouille gumbo. Both were amazing and everyone was so nice. Great location, reasonable prices, and fun crowd.Stopped in for a Bloody Mary on the go. Delicious! Service was quick because it was pretty early in the day.  Only problem we had was that the bartender used her fingers to pick up the garnishes to stick on the pick. Blecccchh. Maybe if I was already drunk, I wouldn't have noticed. But I'm pretty sure this is a health code violation.  Minus one star for that.  Other than that, seems like a good place to dine at.Yum. The muffuletta was okay. Too much bread, and it was too hard. But the dirty fries make up for that in a big way. At $7.95 my wife and I could have shared these as our meal. 
They are soft, thick cut french fries with a mound of moist shredded beef, thick brown gravy, and a generous pile of melted cheese. The sour cream on the side lightens up the heavy components. I liked a little hot sauce too for a nice vinegar punch. 
Get these fries.Sausage sampler was ok. Dr B Rosemary shrimp Poboy was terrible. Very few shrimp, and it was absolutely covered in Rosemary.Best Bloody Mary for sure...  Crawfish Étouffée is fabulous... Lots of crawfish... Friendly staff... Great location... Highly recommend!!!!
The homemade roast beef and garlic is spectacular!!! The best I've ever had... You have got to try it!!!!!As out of towners from a different time zone, we wandered into 801 Royal late and hungry, slightly past midnight. Unknownst to us, the kitchen closes at midnight while the rest of the establishment is open until 2am. Visions of shrimp and crawfish were destroyed as we contemplated the harsh reality of returning to the NOLA streets hungry. Not to be! 
Our server saw to it that the kitchen helped us out and fulfilled our order for Shrimp Po Boys ... Which were SO GOOD! Packed full of shrimp with hot, crisp and crunchy French Fries on the side, they were worth the walk. Thank you, thank you, thank you 801 Royal, for your hospitality, your cold beer, and your delicious food. Five stars all around!This place is amazing.. they took such great care of our bachelorette party. Our waiter, Drexel, was also amazing and so attentive to our needs! Definitely recommend this place to everyone!I ordered the Cajun Sampler which is a very convenient way to get all the classic of NOLA all rolled into one.  I did attempt the classics in other places, but I wanted a good jumping off point.  Everything was good, but nothing to write home about.  I enjoyed my red beans and rice and really liked the Crawfish Etouffee, it was pretty amazing.  I need to hunt that down back home.  One of the best parts though, were these little not quite pickles, not quite cucumbers sides that I munched right up.  I have never been a pickle fan but they were so good.  I think I'll call them pickled cucumbers.  I would go back to this place.I cant believe i found this bar because of a rain storm. Easily the best in the STATE. My bartender Becca made the best drinks and actually gave a shit to learn our names, even though we were clearly a pack of tourists. I probably wouldn't have stayed as long as i did but she was just the right amount of fun bartender to keep us there drinking. The facility itself is the old world French quarter feel which was equally as cool! I'll be back for sure. Here's to explaining my bar bill to my wife who chose not to come on this trip! :PThe Étouffée I ordered as an appetizer came a bit on the Luke warm side and had way too much rice for my liking..but it was handled very well and quickly by my waiter. When the app returned it was piping hot and delicious. A real good thing for a rainy and quite cool evening.
I was impressed by the Alligator PoBoy. It tasted soooooo good.
I'll be back!Awesome roast beef po' boy! Best thing I've tasted in Nola so far. The fried catfish and shrimp are also quite good. Service is quick. Ambience is very laid back. Great place for a quick meal and a couple of drinks.Stumbled upon this place, came in late, and LOVED this place. Great food, great service. Caleb was a great waiter. Drink selection was great as well. I tried the gumbo and the blackened chicken pasta. I was with a table of eight and we ate every bite of our food. They sat us immediately despite no reservation and being a large party in a nice semi-private room in the back. It was perfect. I would recommend this place to anyone.We walked in and were a bit nervous as it looked like just a bar, but the food was really great.   Roast beef Po boy was great as was muffuletta and even the burger.   The service was super pleasant and attentive.  We were there with Kids and they were nice to them as well.It's just a tad bit sacrilegious to serve a Sazerac in anything but an old fashioned tumbler, let alone a martini glass.  It's a man's drink, and should be served in a vessel that lends itself to two fisted action.  It was, however, prepared expertly and complimented the buttery, herbal and citrus flavors of their Rosemary Shrimp.Definitely more of a local spot if ever in town again wanna try the food grabbed a drink here bartender very kindOnly reason this place has great reviews is because of the food. Only people in the place and our waitress Bri was a snobby ass hole who obviously doesn't know math since she screwed up our split two ways tab.  Horrible service. She didn't smile once! Here in my home town to show my boyfriend from Cali what Louisiana is about and horrible impression.  Management. Read your damn reviews. Food great. Service shitty. Fix it already!!!!! Make the hostess a waitress only pleasant one there!Extremely disappointing. It's a frat sports bar. I thought I was coming to a niceish place, but instead we were greeted with plastic "place mats" that looked like they had never been cleaned. The gumbo was unbeatable due to how salty it was. I had to send it back. I do not recommend this place at all.We just got back from Halloween weekend in NoLa and this was our favorite spot for cocktails! Bloody Mary was my favorite.. I would give the cocktails 5 stars! The mix had just the right amount of kick to it and they put marinated green beans and olives with an added spice on the rim. We also tried the Louisiana Lightening and that was good too. The kitchen is open late.. Midnight I think. We got food to go one night.. Called them right at midnight and they were super cool and made our food with out a hassle and even bought us a drink. The seafood nachos were really good! The service here was always great... And we hit this place up pretty much every night because they make the best drinks in the French Quarter.Was visiting from Boston and was walking around with friends, just looking for any place to eat. Just happened to find some open tables at 801 Royal, and walked right in to be seated. To be honest, our group had no expectations of this place whatsoever, we were just starving and wanting to eat! But this restaurant turned out to be a pleasant surprise.
One girl and I (we are not huge seafood fans) ordered the Blackened Chicken with Fettuccini Alfredo to share - OMG, this dish was DELICIOUS! Highly recommend! The Alfredo sauce must have also had some cheese melted and mixed in, the blended taste was SO good. Part of me wished that I had ordered another place just for myself. 
The other girls decided to order the seafood nachos (seemed to be a popular dish per other Yelp reviews) and the fried green tomatoes. They convinced the other girl and I to try the seafood nachos, and after one small bite we were hooked (or at least I was, lol)! I think I ended up eating all of the leftovers, because the plate was so large the others couldn't finish it all. The chips were all crispy (not too salty, which was perfect because the nacho sauce and toppings were soo flavorful!) The fried green tomatoes were okay, I had only taken a small bite so I can't really comment on it too much. But I agree with other Yelpers, GET THE SEAFOOD NACHOS!
We were seated at a large table in a room in the back - at first glance, we were a little iffy about how shady it looked, but it was fine. The waiter came in to check in on us periodically, and we were served fairly quickly.801 Royal was the first meal we had in NOLA.  Great food, chill environment, great people!
I had an excellent house special po-boy, and the wife had the gumbo.  Both meals were wonderful.  I did have better gumbo, but not much better, and not at these prices.
Overall, excellent!Best bartenders around! Very good service and the good is always fresh and tastey. Family owned business. Always clean and inviting. Ask got Drew or Missy they will make sure your visit is the best!Killer seafood nachos and my red beans and rice were phenominal.  Atmosphere was great and cozy, and they were very accomodating to our large group.  The Hurricanes do their intended damage, and the shots on the house on our way out sealed it; this place was a great find for a pre-pushing it out meal.  Can't overstate how amazing the Seafood nachos were. Definite recommendation.Our server was the best part of our experience here - Brett B. Perfect hospitality, cracking us up. The food was good. I had a crawfish Po boy, hubs had a beef po boy. The fries were kind of blah. Drinks were good, a solid amount if alcohol in the drinks!Service is amazing!!!.. Jamie took great care us for a party of 12. We all had some crazy orders but she was on top of things and handled everything with precision. There's an 18% gratuity tip for large groups and they can't separate the bill. So bring someone with a card with a lot of money or have everyone being cash.
Food: I Tried the Oyster shooter for a starter that was infused in vodka mixed in a Bloody Mary. It's was good and the Bloody Mary was a nice touch
I also had the 801 Roast Beef Po Boy. I give a 4/5 it has way too much meat, however it is good. Lacked salt and pepper. Also had the potato salad as a side. 
The ambience is very casual. We walked over from our hotel so it's best to not move your car.Say this slowly...OH MY GOD!!! This was some awesome food! I ate the crawfish pasta and there was more crawfish than noodles in it. My nephew ordered the original French Fry Po-boy and that thing was huge and it was good. He got props from the server for being one of the few people who actually finished it. If you are in the French Quarter you have got to try this placeWe found this place before a tour and decided to grab some drinks.  The bartender was cool and we had several reasonably priced beers.  We watched several food orders come out, and decided to come back after the tour ended.  On our second visit, we had a few more beers and shared the seafood nachos, fried green tomatoes, and a side order of the crawfish etouffée.  Everything was very good and the nachos were out of this world.  It was a bit pricey for "bar food", but well worth it in the end.Great stop for lunch. Staff was super friendly. Got the seafood nachos which were good, but next time I'd get something else 'cause the food looked incredible.Great spot away from the fray.  Stopped in for lunch. Enjoyed the food and Axel was a perfect server.We really enjoyed our experience at 801 Royal. Brett was an attentive server and gave us some insight on things to do. The restaurant is cute, plays great music. I had the Royal po'boy which was delicious. The shrimp was fresh, not shrimpy tasting. My hubby had a hamburger, no complaints. Price is inline with other places in the QTR. if nothing else, come here for the service!Maybe the best overall dinner we've had in the French Quarter.  I recommend the sampler, my wife loved the pasta. The ownership was accommodating amd friendly!  The fried green tomatoes are a must!!!!Not impressed with the food. Skimpy on po boy meat, chewy po boy bread, fries cold, expensive drinks.  Disappointed.
This review was more than a year and a half ago.  It was in the spring of 2013. I can see if their reviews are much better now and look forward to giving them another try.  I have increased this review from one store to three stores because it has been so long and the proprietor assures me that things are much better now.Almost like a hidden gem of the French quarter, not sure about the weekend but during the week I've yet to see it packed, however I went in due to the reviews they have here on Yelp and boy are they spot on. Johnnys Po boys? Forget the hype. Plus they're always closed early. 801 Royal will hit the spot. Their cocktails are decent too. Me and the wife had a French fry poboy and a Royal poboy. Both very good, messy but good, meals. Stop in after checking out the museums by Jackson square.So this is the first time we've ever chosen a NOLA restaurant based on nacho reviews. But it worked. I don't think either of us have ever decided what to order so fast in our lives.
Yelper Daughter saw the reviews first and had pretty much decided on the nachos before we even got there. Literally the first thing I saw was "fried green tomatoes topped with gulf shrimp and remoulade sauce" describing the Royal po'boy, and that was it for me. YD added a cup of RB&R, knowing full well she'd have to share a few nachos. They were both delicious, and certainly enough for a meal for one. 
Now this po'boy...don't even think about picking this sucker up, it's too full. There were three slices of fried green tomatoes in light crunchy cornmeal breading topped with shrimp that tasted like they came out of the gulf about 20 minutes ago. I got into it with a knife and fork, and left most of the bread behind. With an order of fries, it was plenty. We ordered bread pudding to go for later; microwaved as instructed, the top was still a little on the tough side, but there was plenty of caramel sauce to go with it, and it ended up being pretty good.
Our waiter was friendly and attentive without being intrusive. There was a big party ahead of us and he apologized for the slight wait, but it wasn't necessary. We had arrived during the second quarter of the Broncos-Patriots game, and the crowd was in full cry. The Pats scored as we sat down and proceeded to "crush the Broncos" (NFL's words, not mine), so the afternoon got even more enjoyable. It's a very laid-back, neighborly vibe here, a great place to hang out and have some great seafood!Patrick, our waiter, was amazing. As in, one of the best servers I've ever had, period. He was a great representation of NO. Seafood nachos and the potato salad were great. I don't do seafood so I got the blacked chicken Alfredo... It was average; not bad, not great. My wife had the royal poboy and says it was good.Walking the neighborhood and checked yelp for suggestions. FANTASTIC!  Lunch was alligator and andouille sausage (don't ask which is which until after you've tried a few pieces of each - I bet you'll be surprised.), chicken and andouille gumbo, and a muffuletta and fries beginning the lunchtime fortification. WOW! Great!Met up with some friends here for breakfast after I ate mine elsewhere. Ate the Shrimp & Grits with a Mimosa since it looked good on the table of someone else. It wasn't too bad but it wasn't something I could come back for.
The place gets busy and the staff is nice, but nothing that really puts it over 3 Stars for me. I felt like this was a local "tourist" stop since it is convenient for most foot traffic.Nice staff, mellow. Didn't eat here but great place for a drink and some conversationI'm not that impress with po boy sandwich in general, however, this is still an awesome restaurant to stop by and get some lunch! It's crowded and waited too long for a sandwich. Hopefully they improve their service.I remember when this was a different little restaurant, 3 or 4 restaurants back. I can still remember their ham sandwich with apples, brie and coarse mustard....I also still recall the delectable roast beef with bleu cheese, walnuts and red grapes..YES, yes it was fantastic.
But this place? Boring. Been done. Nothing special. A place where regulars hang, but the food could be made in your own kitchen for less.I really wanted to like this place more than I did.
I ordered the sampler, which started off with a cup of chicken and sausage gumbo, then the main entree included red beans and rice, crawfish etouffee, a crawfish cake and some alligator. Bread pudding was for dessert.
The disappointing parts of this meal were the two things to which i was most looking forward: the gumbo and the etouffee were both watered down. My family is from Louisiana and we have gumbo every Christmas, and etoufee every Thanksgiving, just to give you a frame of reference. I expected a nice, dark, rich roux with the gumbo, but the liquid was nearly clear. The flavor, surprisingly, wasn't too bad, given the lack of richness. The etoufee was equally watered down, but, unlike the gumbo, wasn't saved by the flavor, which was bland.
I will say that I ate there mid-afternoon (2ish), so maybe they were trying to stretch the gumbo and etoufee and added more water? I'm not sure, but reading the rest of the reviews for these items, perhaps they were just having a bad day.
Now, the good parts of the meal were the red beans and rice - quite tasty and well done, and the bread pudding that came with the dessert - it was delightful! The alligator - my first experience - was good as well. The crawfish cake was...small, but tasted like a seafood cake.
The service was friendly and more than adequate.
I'd try them again if I were on Royal street around meal time. I might just order something besides the gumbo and etoufee.We set out to eat at the Gumbo Shop on a Tuesday evening before going to Preservation Hall. After standing 15 minutes in line without moving, we started searching for alternatives on Yelp. 801 Royal was right around the corner. BEST ALTERNATIVE PLAN EVER! We had the Po Boy along with the combo plate - came with étouffée, sausage, gumbo, and jambalaya. We ordered a hurricane and the ?Louisiana lightning maybe? Everything was PERFECTION. The bread, dishes and drinks were delicious. Service was friendly and impeccable. Wish we had discovered this gem before the last night of our honeymoon. GO! You MUST! :)We split a muffuletta, fries and a beer. Huge lunch for two... and delicious! Try it with the Louisiana Hot Sauce!What a friendly place! When we walked in the owner greeted us and asked our names, she was so friendly!!! Gave us rumchata shots on the house, and all the food was great! Next time i am in town, I will be paying this place a visit!Was not impressed with this place at all... First of all we arrived and were told the tables were reserved and sat in a back room with horrible lighting, as we decided to leave a gentlemen asked us if we needed anything. We told him about the seating and he offered to sit us in the "reserved seating" he then advised us the seats were not reserved. The hostess lAter told us they just save them for parties of 6 or more, although it's a table of 4. It wasn't packed ... Made no sense. We ordered there Cajun platter... Honestly it was mediocre... Nothing amazing... Just regular... Family had fried fish and it was overcooked.... 
Should've just left since the beginningRaining Orange Beach AL Tuesday (yes something worth visiting) so David and I decided to take a 3hr drive to New Orleans. Read reviews on Yelp and decided on 801 Royal. Best decision of the day! 
Located in the heart of the historic French Quarter, sits 801 Royal. Small corner bar/restaurant rich with history. Patrick was out server  vans held up to his praise posted on Yelp from others. 
Seafood nachos- holy hell amazing! David got crawfish etouffee, he was overly please. Shared fried green tomatoes topped with shrimp. Overall excellent food, great atmosphere, service was outstanding! 
Thank you Patrick!!!ARE YOU JOKING WITH THESE PRICES FOR THIS BAR FOOD
i knew this spot was a little touristy but my lunch companion had some gluten restrictions (fml new orleans gluten life) and they had good salad options.
we got a small salad with chicken (chicken was dry) a large salad with shrimp (it was good) and a small cup of gumbo (which tasted like oily chicken and rice soup from a can). with tip i paid over $40.00 for that SNACK of a meal. i want like, half my money back.Great food, service and atmosphere. Wife and I argued who had the best dish. I got the dr b shrimp and she got green tomato shrimp poboy. All good!Great food and ambience! Bartender Andrew was the BEST!! (He ran down the street to return a bag we forgot on our stool) Muffuletta outstanding. Excellent selection of draft beers. Ask for a sample shot for taste. We had a GREAT experience!!This is our second time visiting NOLA and the second time at 801. The first time we ate lunch and had the blackened chicken Alfredo and it was so good. The second time we decided to pop in for Sunday brunch. It's an amazing deal, your breakfast INCLUDES bottomless mimosas. Yeah, like how amazing is that? Also the staff are super welcoming and friendly. We will come back everytime we visit NOLA.After reading yelp reviews I decided to stop in and try these seafood nachos the reviewers were raving about.  I did not like them at all.  Chips were soggy.  Cheese sause, or whatever that was, was bland and it really didn't go well with the seafood.  Couldn't finish it and that's rare for me.  The place itself is fine for a Bourbon Street bar/restaurant and the service was good so there's that.  Maybe I'll come back and try something else next time I'm in town.  If I do, I'll redo the review.Nice that this place was open late on a Sunday night, but expected, I suppose, since it's in a tourist area. Amazingly busy at that time too. We had the lagniappe basket (fried catfish, oysters, crayfish and shrimp) and red beans and rice. And an Abita. I think the waitress was a bit disappointed that we didn't order more drinks, as it seemed most people in the place were there for drinks. The fried stuff was ok, and I liked the catfish and oysters best. The crayfish and shrimp seemed tough.This place was just awesome! First time in New Orleans and it was one of the best spots I visited, The bar tender was great! Good food great atmosphere you won't regret it.What a great find a little off the craziness of Bourbon Street. The food and service was excellent and the place has the best bartender in the French Quarter...literally. It's a friendly, cozy place that you could even bring kids to since there is a kids menu. We had the crawfish fritters and seafood nachos - both were great. I'll be back every time I visit New Orleans!So so so delicious!  I had a rosemary shrimp po boy and friends had other versions. All were exceptional. Service was friendly with lots of food and local knowledge.This place is great. The food is delicious and its right near everything. We had some awesome gumbo.Great service, even at 11pm on a weeknight. The seafood nachos were amazing! Definitely order these. The New Orleans sampler was okay. Good gumbo, okay rice and beans, but I didn't think the crawfish etouffe had and flavor. My friend really liked the etouffe, but it was his first time ever trying it. I didn't care for the bread pudding; it contained a lot of raisins. The catfish bites were also amazing!! I've never had catfish so tender and flaky before. Even fried they tasted so light. Served with a tasty, slightly spicy dipping sauce. 
Definitely order the seafood nachos and the catfish bites here and you will not be disappointed.I put this post on Facebook, but I want yelp people to see it too! :) 
 Kelly is awesome! My family and I were having a misunderstanding at a nearby parking garage, and she happened to be there and payed the extra fee for us that we had received. 
She told us about he restaurant right on the corner, and we took her advice to go there and try it out.
Boy was it worth it!! We got 2 orders of the seafood nachos,  and they were some of the best nachos we ever had! The atmosphere was awesome, staff was great, and food was amazing! If any of my friends are heading down to New Orleans,  I'd recommend 801 Royal!
Thanks for everything Kelly! Amazing how some awesome things can come from not so awesome situations!  :)Good food, good service. The sampler was great and large enough that I could share it with my wife if she were there.Hubby and I stopped in for a snack and drinks.  The bar had a nice atmosphere and the queso dip and chips with fresh pico was awesome.  Had a couple of beers and chilled.First night out in NOLA and we came here. The roast beef po'boy....amazingly good. Make sure to get the lightning drink. You can sip it for an hour and be happyIn a city of amazing food, 801 Royal holds its own. The seafood nachos were incredible -- After walking around the French Quarter all day, I couldn't get enough of the crawfish and homemade chips covered with queso sauce. The salads are great, too, and they have some good local beers. Ambiance is a bit eclectic, with enjoyable music (I noted a Grateful Dead song). Definitely worth stopping in!WARNING!! MY FIANCE AND I BOTH GOT FOOD POISONING FROM THIS PLACE! YESTERDAY! 
We both ordered shrimp poboys -- he got the remoulade, and I got the rosemary shrimp.
After a few bites, my mouth was literally filled with rosemary leaves, which was gross (they went a little overboard; I know it's called rosemary shrimp, but come on) so I was just going to eat the shrimp. After one lone shrimp, I was done.
My fiance, however, ate all of his because he was hungry, even though it was not very good.
We biked home, and a few hours later, the fun started.
I don't see why everybody raves about this place. It was gross. And gave my fiance food poisoning so bad I almost called an ambulance. 
We are both from New Orleans, born and raised. This is not a good representation of what our culture is and how our food is supposed to taste. Terrible. 100% will never go back, and I promise to tell people to STAY AWAY until some changes are made.
The one good thing about this restaurant: the staff was all very nice.
** Sorry, the remoulade poboy I was referring to is properly called the Royal Poboy. My fiance is still sick the next day. we also go the queso. Sorry for the bad review, I wouldn't have said any of this if it wasn't true.This is one of my favorite places in the French Quarter. Why? The people. The first time you're welcomed in with open arms and next thing you know you keep coming back for the people.
The food is great. I highly recommend breakfast on the weekends. The shrimp and grits are the best I've ever had.
Great local selection of beers and the bartenders are awesome.
This is my first and last stop every time I'm in town.