Terrible. Honestly, probably the worst Vietnamese food in New Orleans. 
Banh mi bread is an oversized Portuguese roll. The sandwich has too much meat and not enough vegetables. Barely any cilantro or cucumber on the sandwich at all. And the pork roll and pate both did not taste good. And worst of all it costs $9! Twice as much as it should.
The rice plate wasn't any better.
The meat was bland. They gave me brown rice even though I ordered white. And replacing the typical accompaniments was carrots and steamed broccoli. Such a disappointment. Such basic food messed up so badly, and it's not even fast. Really, no upside to eating here.
And the biggest shame is that their location on the West Bank is pretty good. So they know how to make good food, they're just dumbing it down I guess and trying to make money. I don't know. But don't go eat here. You've been warned.I wanted to like this place so bad. My co workers had said great things about it. I ordered the Thai tea with tapioca, chicken pho and an egg roll on the side. The service was decent. I was the only person in the restaurant for a little while. The egg roll came. The flavor was off and the sauce was not good. I'm used to pungent fish sauces but I just did not enjoy it. The Thai tea tasted watered down and the tapioca tasted old. The pho came. The broth was good, as was the veggies on the side and the chicken was cooked pretty well. However, the noodles in the soup were not cooked correctly.. the texture was off and they were all stuck together in an unappetizing way. Oh well. I'll try again some other time.Excellent fresh Vietnamese food in a simple and nice place. Friendly service too. Definitely recommend.I had the steamed tofu bun and the shrimp banh mi, both were absolutely delicious. Staff is super friendly. It was great to find a true Vietnamese right in the middle of the French Quarter. Menu has most of the vietnamese classics and is very fair priced.Yes, I'm a tourist from Dallas / Fort Worth. But I've eaten ~a lot~ of Vietnamese food from ~a lot~ of restaurants. Some good, some great, and some that were incredibly disappointing. 
I can confidently say Nine Roses is one of the great ones. 
We started with the crepe and pork/shrimp spring rolls. If they weren't freshly made, it certainly fooled me. They were tender, and they included mint in the filling which is a favorite recipe of mine. The crepe was perfect. The crispy crust was flavorful as it should be. The sprouts steamed perfectly. One of the things that really set it apart was the dressings of cucumber, mint, and the pickled carrots. The other was the lack of a greasy presence on the bottom. That's quite an accomplishment. 
Next up, the pork vermicelli bowl (bun thit nuong). Did I mention I've eaten a lot of Vietnamese? This was hands down the best grilled pork I've ever had. It was tender and juicy. Flavorful. Both sweet and savory as it should be. Enough said. 
The staff was eager to take care of us and consistently kept our drinks full. 
This experience has ensured Nine Roses will be on our list of places to visit each time we're in town.Excellent clean fresh Vietnamese food. Had Thai tee-ready made. Had the egg rolls and crab Rangoon. Had Pork Banh mi, chicken vermicelli bowl, and rice plate with beef. Wonderful subtle flavor. Fast and hip spot across the square from hotel.Best Pho Ever!!!
The Pho here is outta this world! What a nice oasis in the middle of the French Quarter. Refreshing Bubble Teas and literally the best Pho I've ever had . The broth is very complex, with deep rich flavors and the quality of meat matches the dish. Will definitely be back!The Pho here is outta this world! What a nice oasis in the middle of the French Quarter. Refreshing Bubble Teas and literally the best Pho I've ever had . The broth is very complex, with deep rich flavors and the quality of meat matches the dish. Will definitely be back!If you're not into fried or greasy food, or just like a good deal, this is not only the best meal I've had in town but also the least expensive.Hands down the BEST Vietnamese cuisine in Nola. The crepes are absolutely to die for, their beef spring rolls are the best in this country. Their pho, super delicious and lets not leave out the beef banh mi sandwich. If you need a change from Cajun food, you would do yourself a disservice of you didn't make a visit here. Until next time!Amazing shrimp spring rolls! And the pho soup is to die for. Really inexpensive - 14$ is the most expensive item on the menu.Went with my SO and ordered shrimp banh mi, a lychee bubble tea and a coffee bubble tea. Neither of us cared for the tapioca balls in the bubble tea as they weren't as firm as we are used too. The bubble tea is also more of a smoothie than iced tea, but is yummy. The banh mi was very tasty. It had a ton of cilantro, some pate, and  used shredded carrots and jalapenos instead of pickled carrots and sliced jalapenos. It was not spicy.Great Vietnamese food! We needed a break from the fried and heavy New Orleans food, and this was the perfect choice.
We got the yellow curry, spring rolls, and beef vermicelli bowl and loved everything. For under 40 bucks too!Came to New Orleans for vocation with parents, my parents had to eat something Asian after spending a day here.  Found this place near our hotel, the restaurant is really small and comfy for smaller parties.  Our family is a big fan of the combination pho, we order the same dish at every Vietnamese restaurant so we can really compare.  Back home in Houston TX, the combination pho comes with sliced beef,  beef meatball, beef tendon, and beef stripes.  But the combination we ordered at 9 roses only comes with sliced beef, beef meatball and some shredded chicken.  The taste isn't bad, it is just not what we expected, the soup is not as flavorful as the ones back home.  I guess the food is more authentic back home since we have a huge Vietnamese community.  Overall, we still liked the food, and I really recommend their fried sprinG rolls.This place has a perfect location for a group bike ride lunch or dinner. We stopped and ate in the beautiful alley that was well decorated for the season. With a group of 12 we ordered much of the small but potent menu. I ordered the meatball pho and shared some spring rolls. The spring rolls were excellent along with a great peanut sauce. The meatball pho was just ok, the broth was great but the meatballs were store bought frozen meatballs that were tough and rubbery. Other than that the service and price was excellent for this big a group in the quarter.Great rec from our tour guide.  Dumplings, chicken curry and veggie curry all nicely spiced, good size portions and excellent value.  Forget the gumbo one night and go here! Cozy and casual.I am visiting New Orleans for 5 days. I have tried a lot of food in New Orlands ! I know some people enjoy different tastes and styles of food. I passed by 9 Roses and took a look at the menu. I was surprised about their prices. Very reasonable. I read the reviews..all good except for a fews customers. Well...not easy to please all.  Today, I stopped by and chatted with the owner. She was very friendly.  I found out she lived in Ben Tre, Vietnam near my home town. The young man who worked there lived in My Tho, my home town. Wow! No wonder the food was so good and yummy. Tomorrow, I  leave and go back to San Jose. Since my flight leaves early,  I ordered a dish I love so I can warm up before my flight!Back when we lived in New Orleans (1995-2007), Nine Roses on the West Bank was probably my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the metro.  It has a huge and varied menu, and pretty much anything you tried was going to be delicious.  
We were staying in the Quarter without a car on this visit, so sampling some of the Best Bank eateries was not an option.  But we were happy to see that Nine Roses now has this French Quarter outpost.  Our current town, Cincinnati, has improved its Vietnamese offerings from virtually zero to a few during our time there, but some of them aren't very convenient for us to get to, and some of them aren't very good.  So we often take advantage of Vietnamese-food opportunities on the road.
If only by comparison to its West Bank parent location, the Nine Roses Cafe is a bit disappointing.  In contrast to the novellas that you get for menus across the river, the menu here is tiny (just a few pho, bun, and banh mi options for the most part), and seems geared toward making the food palatable to the many tourists who might end up here.  Don't get me wrong:  Everything seemed like it was prepared with care, and the ingredients were fresh.  But a pho dac biet here doesn't mean what it usually means.  "Dac biet" basically means "combination," of course, which can mean just about anything. But with pho, it usually means not only the rare beef but also tendon, tripe, meatballs, i.e., all that good nose-to-tail stuff.  But here, tripe and tendon get replaced with bland chicken, which adds nothing to the flavor profile.  And the beef itself was basically well-done.  Still a nice bowl of pho, but with somewhat muted flavors.
My wife was pleased with her bun with chicken.  That chicken--in contrast to that in the pho-- was very tender and flavorful.
Goi cuon (spring rolls) were a bit better.  We get these things in Cinci sometimes and they'll have no herbs to speak of, except for a couple of cilantro leaves, and they'll have shrimp or pork only, not both.  These are stuffed with both proteins, plus three or four herbs.  Excellent.
The French Quarter pricing is a bit of a drawback, too.  Twelve dollars for a bowl of pho is high, no matter how you slice it.  (For that matter, café sua da will set you back six dollars.  Ouch.)
Service was friendly, pleasant, and efficient, and the decor of this cozy little cafe is sharp and attractive.
Nine Roses Café is fine.  But as one who fondly remembers various Vietnamese restaurants around the NOLA metro, I'd say it comes off as a bit of a watered-down representation of Vietnamese food, especially for this town.We were interested in having Vietnamese for lunch and this spot fit the bill.  The service was attentive and water refills were plentiful.  Really, our server busted her ass and her efforts were appreciated.
We really enjoyed the food.  The tofu spring rolls didn't have a lot of flavor (but that's tofu).  The vermicelli was really good and the chunks of pork were meaty and plentiful.
We would return here the next time we're in town.Perfect warm pho on a cold night. Great find off the main path if you're looking for a quiet spot.We had an okay experience. I like that there is another inexpensive place with vegetarian options in the quarter. I've always loved that charming location on Exchange Alley and it was nice to sit outside and be a bit secluded. Service was ok, they were busy but still had open tables at 6:30 on a Saturday night. Staff were very nice. But service was a little slow and they were out of the special already, shrimp on sugarcane, which I was excited to try because that was the first Vietnamese dish I ever had, like 25 years ago in Houston. Lemongrass tofu was tasty. The ban mi was big and filling with lots of that tofu. Veggies were fresh. However there was only one little piece of jalapeño and it wasn't even hot. So pretty good but not the best. Still it's great to have an option besides fried food in the quarter. Caveat: cheating vegan pho is just vegetables in beef broth.I had lunch here on a whim, and was very satisfied with the experience. The food is excellent, service is fairly quick, and the prices, for what you get, are reasonable.
One of the stand-out features of this place is its setting: right on Exchange Alley, and very near the wonderful sweet shop, Sucre. I chose one of the patio tables beneath a giant shade umbrella, where a few feet away a painter was at work outside his studio. Such a pleasant way to relax and refuel.
I ordered the yellow curry with tofu, made medium spicy. There was A LOT of tofu, which made me very happy, and it was fried the way I like it. The extra touches were nice--the steamed veggies on the side which can be dunked in the curry, and the topping of ground peanuts. 
I missed potatoes. They're usually included in this dish, in both Vietnamese and Thai cuisine, and they add substance and starchy goodness. In fact, most of the veggies were on the side, rather than in the sauce itself, but I suppose the profusion of tofu more than made up for this.
Overall, it was a delicious meal, and I'd gladly go back to try more of the menu.Spring rolls are fresh as well as large enough to share as appetise. Pho is awesome. Period.This is the best Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans bar none.  The pho here is the best I have eaten anywhere.  The cafe itself is bright, clean and well decorated not a hole in the wall like some other restaurants.  This is probably the most affordable eating place in the French Quarter.  The fact that it is located next to Sucre Salon is a definite plus.  I highly recommend this place.This place is so good! I make a point to stop by here every time I visit NOLA now. Great food for great prices.There was hair my shrimp spring roll and my chicken dumplings didn't taste good. The crab rangoons tasted good but barely had filling. I'm definitely not going back.This is the best Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans bar none.  The pho here is the best I have eaten anywhere.  The cafe itself is bright, clean and well decorated not a hole in the wall like some other restaurants.  This is probably the most affordable eating place in the French Quarter.  The fact that it is located next to Sucre Salon is a definite plus.  I highly recommend this place.
I just found out that there is another Yelp account for this cafe with nine spelled out as in "Nine Roses Cafe" instead of "9 Roses Cafe".  The other one has the accurate operating hours and the menu with pictures.Everything we ordered was delicious. The place was packed and the service great. You won't be disappointed.Absolutely love this place! My sister and I were looking for a good restaurant with vegan/vegetarian options while on vacation in New Orleans. This place is located in the French Quarter which was perfect as it was a short walk from our hotel.
As soon as I walked in, I fell in love with the atmosphere of the restaurant. It was decently sized with lots of indoor and outdoor seating. We came for dinner so we decided to sit inside. The decor was simple, but really fit the restaurant.
Now the only downside to this restaurant was that our server was fairly quiet. It wasn't too big of a deal as he didn't forget anything we ordered, but it was slightly awkward. Besides that, the food was A M A Z I N G.
First, we decided to share the taro slush boba, which was definitely not the best boba drink I've had, but it did remind me of going to the Chinese restaurant near my house and ordering the same drink as a kid. We also got the fried tofu spring rolls. This was my favorite dish. The presentation was beautiful and the tofu was fried to perfection. The vegetables inside tasted deliciously fresh and the peanut sauce was everything you could ask for.
For the main dish, I ordered the "Chegan" Pho. Again, the tofu was prepared perfectly and there was a good amount of tofu in it as well. I was truly surprised when I saw the amount of tofu in the pho because most restaurants will only put two pieces of tofu in your soup. Additionally, the broth was very flavorful which is an aspect that most Vietnamese restaurants lack in when they serve vegan broths.
Overall, this place is just perfect. They do not just serve vegan/vegetarian food, which is something I forgot to mention earlier. So if you're looking for a great Vietnamese place in the French Quarter, definitely stop by Nine Roses Cafe!A gem! We are from NY and we have to say, this is the best Vietnamese food we have had east of the Mississippi. We didn't think we could find good Asian food in NOLA but we were wrong.Really good food and excellent service. If you're looking for a nice Vietnamese restaurant near downtown and the French quarters this is the place you must visit. Next door has a nice dessert shop as well! Try it out you won't be disappointed!Probably the only Vietnamese place I know in the quarter. Service, food, price were all reasonable and nice. Had chicken dumplings and Lemongrass tofu bun. They got outdoor sittings too. They are located in the heart of french quarter, in a tiny alley. Definitely recommend and I do see myself coming back.Small corner Vietnamese joint that serves very slowly with very bad pho. Overly-priced pho that's basically water with noodles with some slices of beef with service that was traveling in a ship from Mars and back. I was very disappointed in the food and service. I don't consider this food.Great serving of combination pho here. When you are hungover this will get you ready for Bourbon Street again!Picked up dinner a few nights ago from here and it was pretty good. They had just opened, so we got some free cupcakes to go with our dinner, which was great!
I got the blackened shrimp bun which was just like your basic bun, nothing really stood out. My husband got a bahn mi, which he thoroughly enjoyed. Overall, the restaurant was really friendly and the food was pretty good!Ordered shrimp roll and tacos and it was not good at all. Total waste! I didn't try the pho so not sure if it's good but I wouldn't waste my time with the other foods. Not impressed with NOLA foodFirst time trying this place and it such a horrible experience. Our waiter if I'm not mistaken is Hispanic who had no clue about the menu. Took him a few trips back and forth to ask us what we ordered. When I wanted my order to go he told me come on man you here to eat finish it. The food isn't bad but that kind of service would prevent a second visit. Not to mention the check was basically thrown down our table . I wonder how this place still running.This is simply on the service. The food was good but too bad it was overlooked due to the horrible, disrespectful service provided by the young man who refused to answer any questions and kept rolling his eyes at anyone who needed a bit more time to look at the menu.The chicken tasted great!very nice service.was not feeling well and gave me a free tea for my throatGood if you need something inexpensive and quick, we both had the veggie pho (the broth is still beef though!). It was delicious :)I needed a break from the heavy food and wanted vietnamese.  We ordered pho, tofu spring rolls, flank steak and meatball pho and eggrolls. It was delicious. Price was good.  Service was good. Definitely recommendHad the flank steak phô, the steak itself was fresh and tasty but the broth wasn't all there. It wasn't amazing but it was good considering all we had week long was creole food. The fried egg rolls were good. My Thai tea tasted water down but my bf got the strawberry boba and OMG it was so delicious! Tasted like I was eating fresh sweet strawberries. There were only two flavors for blended drinks that they use powder for. Our server was very friendly and welcoming. That's a plus considering most Vietnamese restaurants in California have bad customer service.Earnest service, not perfect but they mean very well. Food is fresh--dumplings especially! The wrapper is so thin, you want to eat three orders just because. Grilled pork is ground and the somehow skewered, not sliced, but tasty anyway. 
Yum.Much smaller menu than the original westbank location with about 1/4 the seating as well. But they also offer solid Vietnamese in the FQ for a good price. So basically heaven!
They offer many basic Vietnamese dishes and some vegetarian fare. Like with most places, ask about fish sauce so you won't get a surprise. I had the lemongrass tofu bun and it was delicious and just the right amount of food for me.
Service was quick and courteous and the space is small but airy. I was surprised to see they had a liquor license, maybe only beer and wine. But they didn't complain when folks wandered in with drinks in hand. I also noticed several police officers (station is a couple of doors down) picking up takeout and enjoying the cuisine.Excellent! List of replenishing soups, comes with lots of different greens. Reguarding quantity and quality, prices are extremely reasonable.Great place on Conti, near the 8th district NOPD station.
The place is new and look pretty clean, people are nice and the food: Savory crepe and Yellow curry shrimp were good. i will return to try the braised pork belly and some spring roll.
Overall its a good experience...The only Vietnamese restaurant and centrally located inside the French Quarter! The table inside and out do fill up quickly! It's a small operation and the kitchen seem to be slightly overwhelmed by the in house and take out orders. The food wait took awhile but worth the patience. Our pork Spring Rolls were good! The Combination Pho were well balanced with the meat and rice noodles ration. Plus the light broth was flavorful. A nice break from all the rich food from the nights before!I'd give them 9 stars or roses! Just give me the peanut sauce!
I had no idea this place existed until I yelped Vietnamese food while in the French Quarter.  Have a seat overlooking Exchange Alley a bit away from the tourist traps and fried seafood platters.
Delicious and generous portions.
Start with the egg rolls.  They are fried to perfection without being greasy at all! They come on a bed of lettuce and carrots and served with fish sauce.  Excellent! 
But then the SPRING ROLLS., glorious spring rolls.  Lots of options!! They are super fresh and amazing! Not overstuffed with vermicelli noodles and filler!  The peanut sauce is to die for....I honestly drank it from the dip cup!   And I'd do it again. 
The rice plates are great as well.  I cannot wait to try a Bun next! I'm delighted to have this cuisine in the French Quarter..
And it certainly does not hurt to be next door to Sucre andThe food was on point. We had the Thai ice tea, pork summer rolls, vermicelli with chicken bowl and dumplings. Each was a 10/10. The ambience and service was good too. Definitely recommended.Excellent food at a fair price...the service was excellent. I had the vermicelli bowl with fried tofu, which was really good..,Excellent spring rolls and shrimp curry. Fresh and real vietnamese taste.
Very nice staff and relax atmosphere. Definately recommendble place if you are looking a vietnamese place in NOLAgreat spot for a quick meal. banh mi hit home and spring rolls were fresh! Pho to go was a bit on the small portionDuring our 6 day NOLA trip, we came here twice. First time for lunch, then for dinner. Good flavour authentic Vietnamese food. The Banh Xeo was crispy and delicious with all the yummy veggies, the Pho Gai was tasty and the chicken was not rubbery. Dinner, we had Rice noodle and rice plate, both delicious and meet my san franciscan standardsRegularly indulge in their downtown location. The pho hits the spot, every time. Served with aromatics, allowing you to create the perfect bowl. Small little spot, but great for to-go or quick bites.Excellent Pho! Authentic!! Just like Vietnam. Great service and wonderful food.  Try the spring rolls with grilled shrimp.Coming from California, this is definitely a surprise. My city is filled with pho/banh mi shops, but this place is where I found the best banh mi I've ever eaten. The bread is so crisp and light. There's a good balance between carrots and meat. Price wise, it's a little pricier (there's a lot of buy 2 get 1 free deals in my area) but it's worth it, knowing that a lot of places around here serve mostly fried or cream-based dishes. 10/10 would come again.Delicious fresh Vietnamese in the heart of NOLA. Be sure to try their pork dumplings and their delicious duck 'cole-slaw' (their term- not mine!).I ate here with a large group of cyclist. The service was fast and accurate. We sat outside in the alleyway at night.  It is in a great location in the French Quarter. The prices were very reasonable for the area. I ordered the brisket Pho and the broth was luke warm and very salty. Overall this place is decent and reasonable.An absolute tourist trap. The food here is horrible. I'm from the northern Virginia area, so I am fairly familiar to Vietnamese food, because the population of Vietnamese people is large.. I'd have to say the is the worst Vietnamese I've had in a long time!My partner was feeing sick. This was the best place to get chicken soup. The Pho was delicious and the service was timely.
Crab Rangoon and spring rolls were also delicious.Food is not good. Service is bad. Curry in curry chicken is terrible.The grilled beef vermicelli bowl was amazing. Came with lettuce, mint, bean sprouts, peanuts, and fish sauce vinaigrette. Celebrated our personalized tour of the Historic New Orleans collection. Learned much about the history of New Orleans.Ok I guess, but a little pricey. Will give 4 stars for fresh ground shrimp rolls but peanut sauce is a little pulpy.Stopped in for lunch with a friend. We placed our orders and a few minutes later were told that they were out of a bunch of ingredients. We ended up selecting from a very limited menu. It wasn't busy, so I'm not sure how they were sold out. The service was good, and the chicken bun appetizers were excellent; however, our main dishes - the shrimp and pork crepes - were tasteless.Absolutely delicious! Must eat in there place. Being european gourmets we were so tired from hamburgers of any kind and local sea food all cooked breaded so we decided to change for an evening. And it was so worthy of! We took 3 starters and 3 entrees and all was just so fresh and amazingly tasty. Overall - cozy, tasty, attentive. If you happen to be around, don't miss!Just had a great dinner there. Chicken "cole slaw" was fresh and delicious and service was friendly and fast.The place is located on a street, Exchange place, that puts you in Paris or Rome.  Truly an incredible hang out.  
The Banh Mi sandwich was terrific. Service was awesome. I sat outside with my dog and it was quite relaxing.Looking for a vegetarian meal before hitting the clubs on Frenchmen Street and stumbled on this place in the French Quarter. Highly recommended. I had the Thai peanut curry with tofu and it had a very rich flavor. Nicely steamed veggies on the side. Classic hole in the wall, although it has a small patio too.great standard Vietnamese food. I had Pho, friend hade a noodle dish. Spring rolls are fabulous!Let me preface this review with the fact that I am a Vietnamese woman from San Jose, CA (aka Little Saigon). Now, I didn't get food here, so the rating is for price, service, and drinks. 
First off, this place is incredibly overpriced. Yes, I get that it's in the French Quarter, but ph and spring rolls cost maybe $1 to make. Maybe. 
Second, why are you making bubble tea with milk?? Stop. Milk tea is different. 
Third, did I see you LICK MY SPOON that you made the milk tea with???? And after I told you I was lactose intolerant, why did you hesitate to make me a new one? (I ended up canceling the order.)
Fourth, it smells funny in there.
Worst Vietnamese restaurant I've been to. And I've been to a lot on my lifetime. C'mon, let's try to represent better than that.This was my first time eating Vietnamese and it did not disappoint.  The Beef Pho was amazing!  Service was quick and prices were affordable.  Loved it!Thought we'd change things up and go for some Pho and Vietnamese food in New Orleans.  We ordered the Combo Pho and Rice and Beef.  The Pho had all the meats including chicken and all was tender and juicy while the broth was rich and tasty.  The Beef and Rice was very good where the beef was seasoned well.  We were surprised to be able to get this type of comfort food in the French Quarter.  Highly recommended!Amazing food! Probably the best Vietnamese food I've ever had. My boyfriend ordered the bowl of vermicelli noodles with beef and I ordered the yellow curry bowl with shrimp. Both were incredibly tasty.Some of the best Vietnamese food we have ever had. 
We shared the summer rolls which were super refreshing and flavorful and I had the best banh mi. My husband got a pho and even though it was over 100 degrees out, ate every bite and finished the broth!If you're looking for an alternative to the heavy traditional New Orleans cuisine, try this restaurant. The food is fabulous, the service is attentive, and the ambience is warm and inviting. We are a party of five, including a 13 year old boy and we were all delighted with our meal. We shared 3 appetizers, vegetable dumplings, pork dumplings, and grilled chicken sliders. Each of us had our own main course: flank steak pho, 2 won ton soups, shrimp curry rice, and egg roll vermicelli. The food is fresh, well-seasoned, delicious, and feels very authentic. The portions are substantial. The prices are very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food.If you're looking for a break from heavy New Orleans cuisine, come here. Cheap, good, and has friendly service.
My sister and I wanted a light snack before our heavy dinner and happened upon Nine Roses. You have the option of sitting outdoors in the most adorable alleyway - do so if the weather permits. 
We shared:
-fried egg rolls ($5 for 2): Good! Filling had good flavor, and the egg roll skin was slightly chewy with a nice crisp. Wrapped in lettuce, topped with picked carrots, and dipped in fish sauce - you have a yourself a good solid snack.
-steamed dumplings ($6 for 6): Dumplings filled with pork and served with a ginger soy vinaigrette - just your average dumpling.
-Gulf shrimp and pork spring rolls ($6 for 2): The spring roll was filled with vermicelli, lettuce, mint, avocado (a first for me), cucumber, and picked carrots. The peanut sauce was pretty good and had a little extra kick with chili mixed in. 
I liked it here. The flavors were authentic (although slightly muted, but that's okay), and it was exactly what we needed - something to satiate our hunger, but not enough to fill us up before dinner. If you happen to find yourself in the area and hankering for a snack, check this place out.This is probably the only pho place in French Quarter.  We ordered two appetizers and they were pretty tasty.  The pork bun and spring rolls was a good change from all the Cajun/Creole food we have been eating.  Surprisingly they have boba here and it was fresh.  It was a little pricy but it was the only place in French Quarter that had it and the boba was cooked perfectly.  The shrimp bun was good but the pho was lacking in flavor.  The broth was a little too plain and the pho noodle itself was kind of clumpy.  If you are in the mood for pho this will satisfy your craving.i've ordered from here all the time, the people that own it are very nice. my favorite thing to get is the curry chicken with veggies, you have a choice of white or brown rice... I have also gotten the Bún and the Banh Mi... Feels like I've gone back to SaigonWho knew we'd eat the best Vietnamese we've ever had while visiting the French Quarter? Service was quick and friendly in this small establishment. We ordered the pork Vermicelli and beef pho. It was the perfect lunch and a break from Cajun.A place in the heart of the French quarter where you can get fresh, healthy food (including vegetarian) for under $10....AND $3 beer?? 
Needless to say, after two days of eating overpriced, heavy, buttery, rich 'traditional New Orleans' food laced with toxic levels of salt, I was beyond thrilled to find Nine Roses. 
They offer the perfect array of Vietnamese & a few others Asian dishes, from a little decadent -- think Crab Rangoon, thick Thai-style curries, and very good steamed pork belly buns, to super healthy -- think brown rice bowls with steamed veggies, lean protein, herbs, and healthy, flavorful sauces; fresh spring rolls, and crisp salads. 
It's simple, yummy, healthy, friendly, and fast.My fiancee and I were visiting NOLA and stumbled upon this restaurant. We ordered smoothies with tapioca, which were great. The food was excellent as well!Exactly what I needed on this cold day. Delicious pho!! Staff was nice and friendly and the beer was cold. Service was actually really quick I sat outside and got my food within minutes. Thank you for the great meal I'll be back.It has been almost six months since I've worked at this establishment and till  this day I still haven't received my paycheck. I will be reporting your business to the Better Business Bureau & the Louisiana Workforce Commission if I do not receive my check within the next two weeks.Cute little place, great service. Boyfriend and I went here on recommendation from a fellow Hafu at Ryan's Pub (see that review). He got the steak spring rolls and I got chicken vermicelli. Both were excellent.Cute little restaurant! Fresh food! Excellent service! Great meal to end my trip in NOLA :)I work in the Quarter and am happy to see other locals there. I love the shrimp spring rolls. I always get the chicken salad/cole slaw. Crispy, crunchy with grilled chicken makes me think it's healthy!Amazing vermicellis and yellow curries!! I came here with my girlfriend and we sat outside--really nice ambience, too. Great service, overall great experience.Sit outside in Exchange Alley to enjoy the atmosphere.  The banh mi was a bit disappointing, and the pulled pork sliders were okay, but nothing special.  There are other Vietnamese places in the Quarter and CBD that have better food, but the location of Nine Roses is worth trying.There are plenty of pho restaurants in Nola and at least I took more than ten of them. Here is the worst choice. Poor service, let you wait too long without ask or water! Poor quality, the first time that make me think pho can be hard to eat. Lastly, I can't believe someone give a five stars review. How bad do they eat at past?I stumbled upon this restaurant by accident and it's a dream come true. The food is tremendous.  My new getawayThis was hands down my favorite restaurant in NOLA. I went here twice during our 3 day trip. I could seriously eat here everyday of my life and never get tired of it. Being vegan in New Orleans can be difficult but this place was amazing. The first time I went, I had the fried tofu spring rolls and the cheating vegan pho. Both were delicious. The second time, I again had the spring rolls and the lemongrass tofu vermicelli. It was outstanding too. Service is great, the food is amazing, and the price is so good. I just couldn't get enough! I wish we had one in Ohio where I live!Pretty decent Vietnamese food. Had the steak flank pho, vermicelli with pork and viet iced coffee. The spring roll is good but not true to tradition. Iced coffee was way overpriced but good. Overall it's good Vietnamese food in a relaxing atmosphere.Pho, pork vermicelli and beef banh mi was excellent!  I stayed in the area and after a week of American food,  I was homesick.  This hit the spot!We ordered pho, banh xeo, and curry shrimps with rice.  The pho broth was way too salty for me.  If you are tired of the heavy meat and carbohydrates in the French Quarters.  You can come here for some food with veggies.Great atmosphere and location. These people are the hardest workers I've ever seen. The food is delicious and the service is outstanding.I went to get a Vietnamese food i love the soups i feel like having one the service is nice and very friendlyWe needed a quick lunch on a Friday afternoon and stumbled onto this small Vietnamese gem in the FQ. 
Get the steamed bun pork sliders. Delicious!  The pork was grilled perfectly- crispy and dark on the outside and succulent and well flavored. Can't go wrong here. 
Entree- we went with the yellow Curry gulf shrimp. Asked for no rice and double the veggie side- broccoli. They were happy to comply. The sauce had a peanutty goodness that made us want to lick the bowl- but we didn't for the sake of decorum.  Shrimp were large, tender and beautifully flavored. 
We ogled other diners food selections and plotted when we could return here. 
Service is fast and courteous. Decor is crisp and fun in a small remodeled space.Amazing!  Great food, great prices!  Pho as good as my Vietnamese mother in law!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!This place is solid; the food is tasty, the staff is friendly, and the the place is clean. I'd gladly visit again.I was a little worried when I arrived because the restaurant was empty but decided to give it a try anyway. I am glad I stayed. The food was very good. I had the fresh rolls and a noodle bowl. Both were fresh and the portion size was more than ample. 
The food was five star buts it's a four due to the atmosphere. If they had music playing instead of tv noise and the employees did not look tired and a little depressed it would have been more welcoming.The worst food and food service I've ever had in my life. The curry was watery and very very very sweet. Only one waiter served, very very very slow. Service was bad because we asked four times to order, no one came to order. We waited for almost ten minutes to get water. Cashier was also slow. Bad service, bad food. Never recommend to friends and never come to eat againThis is one of the best Vietnamese restaurants in town!  Very clean and very prompt seating and service. The pho is amazing as are the spring rolls and Bun. Overall one of my 'go to's' living in the French quarter.So. Freaking. Good. 
Definitely get the crab wontons! Best I've ever had. 
The spring rolls are fantastic, my boyfriend said the peanut sauce is some of the best HE'S had. The pho is incredible. So much flavor. You can't beat the price and the outside seating is so pretty! Sit back, relax and EAT.Great good great portions and service was fast. Prices where good. Stumbled on it cause it was hot and they had AC but great stop. Better than the same thing every Resturant keeps serving down there.After reading good reviews, we decided to try 9 Roses for lunch! We were lucky and scored a table outside. We started with the pork dumplings. I thought they were just ok, but the ginger sauce was great. My husband had the vermicelli with beef, it was a nice dish. Some lettuce, cilantro, noodles and beef. The beef was very flavorful. I chose the shrimp curry! Delicious, flavorful...beautiful presentation. The shrimp curry was in a bowl by itself, a healthy portion, next to it was broccoli & carrots. And then, brown rice. Very delicious. I may try it again before we go home!I'd give them 9 stars or roses! Just give me the peanut sauce!
I had no idea this place existed until I yelped Vietnamese food while in the French Quarter.  Have a seat overlooking Exchange Alley a bit away from the tourist traps and fried seafood platters.
Delicious and generous portions.
Start with the egg rolls.  They are fried to perfection without being greasy at all! They come on a bed of lettuce and carrots and served with fish sauce.  Excellent! 
But then the SPRING ROLLS., glorious spring rolls.  Lots of options!! They are super fresh and amazing! Not overstuffed with vermicelli noodles and filler!  The peanut sauce is to die for....I honestly drank it from the dip cup!   And I'd do it again. 
The rice plates are great as well.  I cannot wait to try a Bun next! I'm delighted to have this cuisine in the French Quarter..
And it certainly does not hurt to be next door to Sucre and9 Roses is a super comfortable, urban style Vietnamese cafe. I've eaten here twice now and both times I've been more than satisfied. While their servers don't speak perfect English, they never become snippy with you. They just want to get your order right.
The pho is phenomenal, particularly the brisket. It's lean and rich without being fatty.There is so much good food to be had in the French Quarter - but there's honestly not a huge amount of cuisine diversity in that neighborhood. Sure, you'll find some of the world's best etoufee and gumbo, but if you're in a mood for Asian cuisine, you have to look a lot harder.
We were pleased to find the Nine Roses (although we somehow missed it on our first run through the neighborhood - it's right across the street from the Supreme Court). We were even more pleased when we had the chance to taste the food.
There's no doubt about this being authentic Vietnamese cuisine - and it provided such a delightful break in the middle of our trip. We opened with the steamed dumplings - the dipping sauce was especially notable there. For our main course, Sam had the yellow curry chicken, with a perfect amount of perfectly prepared meat, plus the onions and peppers that my wife is more than willing to let me steal from her plate. Additionally, there was something you don't see a lot of in the Quarter - fresh vegetables. The broccoli and carrots were bright, crisp and delicately flavored - a perfect accompaniment to the dish. I went straight to the Pho with beef brisket, and it was a very good pho - I still give top honors to my local place, but this was a pretty close second. The two dishes complemented each other perfectly, and we did a lot of trading back and forth. 
Service was excellent, and the prices were tough to beat - our dinners were right around $10 apiece, and we left feeling sated and happy.Walked by this place while shopping in the FQ and decided to give it a try. My friend ordered the egg rolls, pork sliders and iced tea. I ordered the pork sliders and iced tea. The egg rolls were about $5, the sliders about $6 and the iced tea was $3 which seemed kind of high for unsweetened iced tea. I was going to order the bubble tea, but it was about $7 which I've never paid that much for one anyways, so I opted for the unsweetened tea. 
The food wasn't bad and the service was good. The inside was just like a regular Pho restaurant and they also have seating outside. 
I would go back for the sliders, but the prices on everything else is pretty high, but I guess its because its in the FQ.After days of eating seafood, we decided to find a Vietnamese restaurant to have a bowl of pho noodle soup. This was the only decent Vietnamese restaurant in the French Market/Bourbon Street area, however, I wasn't the best.
Their spring rolls were not very good, the shrimp was very small and overall the rolls were too small for the price. The pho noodle soups were decent but they weren't completely authentic. Their boba smoothies aren't bad, they are good for a restaurant. 
The decor was really cute. The staff were fast to take orders and bring out the food. I would recommend this place if you are craving Vietnamese food in New Orleans, but I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to try this placeWe were looking for a nice casual place that served lighter food in the French Quarter and this fit the bill. 
They had a nice combination of Vietnamese staples such as Pho, Bun (rice vermicelli), buns, Banh mi sandwiches and appetizers (summer rolls, Banh Xeo/crepe). We had the pork belly bun, Banh Xeo, and pork vermicelli and everything was good. 
Service was friendly, food arrived quickly, and prices were good.Yikes. Absolutely skip the banh mi. We got the cold cut and beef and they were flavorless. The pork wasn't the cold cut pork I'm used to- it was just boiled sliced pork. The pate was skimpy as was the veggies. Asking price of $9 was steep and exceptionally disappointing since the whole sand which tasted like nothing.
Their beef pho was okay. Hearty amount of noodles and the broth was fine. Just not great. Their pork noodle bowl  (bun) was fine. But truly it's hard to mess up. Their fish sauce is a tad sweet and lacking  the sour/fishy flavor.
Okay so as the only Vietnamese joint in the whole FQ and a large viet community I had high hopes.I normally don't write reviews. This place would qualify as a very clean hole in the wall with absolutely excellent pho. Recommended by JW Marriott concierge when I wanted something unusual and healthy. Visiting on business from DFW and this is my second night in a row!Fantastic pho! Also great options if you are going Veg. As well. Good flavors, well priced and good portions. I had the vegetable dumplings for an appetizer and Lemongrass Tofu Benh Mi which was heaven in my face! My daughter had pho for the first time here and fell in love...Chegan (Cheating vegan) pho. She says it is the best thing she has EVER eaten.Was very excited to find another place that is veggi/vegan friendly. We were already loaded from drinking and wanted a bunch of tasting plates. We had the the spring rolls, the tofu lemongrass bun, and some other things -  all were delicious!
Even though this isn't a "small plates" place they staggered our items so we didn't run out. 
Place was clean, air conditioned, and comfy. The noise level was also low even though there were other diners. Bathrooms were clean.By far, the best pho in the city. Honestly, I've tried the others. I used to think Lilly's was the best Vietnamese New Orleans had, until I found this place. I love the location and frequent once or twice a week.Needed a break from the fried food and gumbo. This place has green veggies, basically a unicorn in the French Quarter! Delicious spring rolls, pho, and vermicelli noodles. Didn't feel like a ball of self loathing and regret the next day, unlike most meals in NOLA. Go!This place might be good. I wouldn't know. Because it took over an hour for my food to get here. I ran out of water and didn't get more for over 30 mins. I'm confused because there aren't that many tables at this restaurant so it seems as though they would be able to serve food (like normal restaurants) within an hour. But alas, this was not so.
ADDITION: 
Got my food. It took 1 hour 15 minutes. And it was cold. Surprise. Something sat there for over an hour and got cold. Don't come here. Not worth the wait for sure.My husband ordered the tofu bun, and I had the flank pho. Both were generous portions and a welcome relief from the heavy and fried food characteristic of NOLA. The waiter did make a mistake with charging us for a coffee that never came, but he corrected the mistake when we drew attention to it. I would say that the service is average, but, from what I saw, everyone was treated with the same efficient ambivalence.So glad a fellow hotel guest recommended this place, just what I needed after a few days of heavy NO food. 
I had fresh shrimp spring rolls with peanut sauce to start. They were so fresh the shrimp were still warm from the pan! The peanut sauce was divine, I usually prefer nuoc cham but in this instance the peanut was perfect. 
Vermicelli bowl for main course, with grilled pork. I love a good, fresh vermi bowl and this didn't disappoint. The only note I would make is that the pork was close to a sausage consistency. It wasn't actually a sausage, and didn't look like one, but I think it must have been processed before cooking. Still very tasty!! Very quick as well, and friendly service. 
Nice outside courtyard off the Main Street, perfect on a mild night.Simple spot, but one on the best in the French Quarters. True authentic Vietnamese food, fresh, and great flavor. The shrimp spring rolls are a great app. The rice plate with shrimp are good also. But the shrimp did come out a lil cold. But the flavor overshadowed that tho. Also the beef vermicelli was the star of the night. Super Tender, with the light sweet but savory flavor makes it pop with every bite. The sauce that comes with the spring rolls has a lil heat to it and blends so good in the vermicelli with some fish sauce.Great value play with quality food, excellent service. Came baca use my wife wanted to - but I really enjoyed it!We strolled into this tiny poorly lit place. It was full....good sign! La greeted us. Very welcoming and sweet smile....another good sign. We waited for a little bit and got a table. We ordered dumplings, the chicken and rice platter, and a few other shrimp dishes. They all were soooo delicious. As my mom always says, never judge book by its cover. The place is worth going to and enjoying superbly cooked Vietnamese food. I would recommend this place to anyone I know.It is nice to have another option in the quarter other than the same ol stuff like gumbo and poboys. A lil pricey, i guess because its the quarter and the portions are smaller. While good, i have to say, its on the bottom echelon as far as viet food goes.Really bad. Bad service and long wait. I wish I can give zero star but there is NO option for that! Yelp should give us options for zero star!Terrific just terrific . If you love Thai, Korean throw Vietnamese  in as well . Had Vietnamese in France ,New York and now New Orleans . Gotta give New Orleans standard for food the edge. And  to top it off it's cheap . Didn't live in France but almost 20 years in the city. Great restaurants of course but you can't do New Orleans prices and get this quality.We enjoyed a delightful and inexpensive lunch. We had wonderful vegan options and our waitress was tremendously helpful with our selections. We will definitely be return customers.  We enjoyed the tofu sliders, tofu spring rolls (mint could be omitted), lemon grass tofu w/vegetables and brown rice.Ordered shrimp roll and tacos and it was not good at all. Total waste! I didn't try the pho so not sure if it's good but I wouldn't waste my time with the other foods. Not impressed with NOLA  Foods! This place was straight whackSurprise find of the trip. Right by our hotel and slanging out all the Vietnamese standards in this loud, busy, and small space. Delicious, fresh ingredients. Had the shrimp vermicelli and pork bums. A+. They keep it moving which I like. Just wish we could of gone back but they were closed the next day.All I know is that the servers name on the receipt is THIEN T.  He gave great service!!! Sometimes its more than the food itself.  This young man's energy was so uplifting and positive!!! He has the kindest eyes!!! Very friendly and engaging and made eye contact!!!  For me, eating is a spiritual blessing, and to have his wonderful energy fueling that journey is awesome!! And the food was great!! He didn't bat an eye when I ordered my flank steak rare on the side with my Pho.  I look forward to going back.This is an amazing little Vietnamese restaurant right in the French quarter. My sister and I had about 30 minutes to spare before heading to the airport so we chose this as our final pit-stop, to seal off an already wonderful weekend celebrating a family wedding.
What we ordered:
1 bowl of pho (steak & meatballs) for here
2 banh mi's to go
++"cold cuts" trio with pâté
++grilled pork
1 Vietnamese iced coffee to go
The "cold cuts" sandwich tasted better than the grilled pork, because it had more filling and fresher ingredients. The grilled pork was a little on the dry side, but nothing a slather of sriracha can't fix. Both sandwiches could've used a bit more of the pickled daikon, jalapeños, and mayo (in my opinion) but I also enjoy my banh mi's stuffed to the brim with these ingredients.
The pho was decent. The portion was large enough share between 2 in order to get a taste of it in Louisiana. I had heard from countless people and also read an article about the large Vietnamese community here, so I was so excited to have tried pho at Nine Roses. We ate this so quickly I forgot to snap a picture!
Their service was attentive and quick - just what we needed. It was also no-nonsense, which I love, and always reminds me of the hurried and fast-paced service in certain Asian, family-owned establishments. No effort is wasted; all hard-work is poured into sending piping hot food from kitchen to customer ASAP.
This description is probably very specific to me and what I've encountered in Asian immigrant restaurants in the mid-west. Essentially, it felt like home. Pho (in its hearty, bone-brothy goodness) has a certain magic. Call it comfort food. A labor of love.
The artist next door (Adrian Fulton) had recommended this place the day before. He has a mini schnauzer named Abby who wears dresses and pearls. Her collar also convinces visitors to buy art. So: Eat pho, buy art. And you can trust anyone who owns a mini schnauzer, myself included.
Conti Street & Exchange Place is easily one of my favorite street corners in the French Quarter :)I stopped by on a Monday at 1pm which I thought would be after the lunch rush. It was pretty packed and lots of uncleared tables. It seemed like they were down one server since the other two were running around like crazy and people were waiting for their checks and had empty glasses of water. While waiting for someone to take my order and sitting directly in front of the counter/ kitchen, a patron asked for water. The server looked inside the pitcher, which was empty, and then poured water from another glass that was on the counter. I don't know where this water was from but the glass was with all of the other dirty dishes. After that I watched everything they did especially if it was for my food. Luckily nothing fishy at least from what I could see. There was a wait for my food which wasn't too bad but much slower than other Vietnamese restaurants. I got the shrimp and pork spring rolls and grilled pork vermicelli bowl. Both were delicious and the vermicelli bowl was a really big portion. I was out of there within an hour but I'm sure if I came at peak time, it would have been much longer. I took one star off for the weird water thing and another star for the rest of the service.The food is delicious.  They are the best Vietnamese food I have ever had.  Great location and good prices.  Check it our for yourselves.I was looking for something healthy in the French quarter and stopped in here for lunch today. I ordered take out, and I received my food within ten minutes so no complaints there.
I got the yellow curry chicken lunch plate with rice. The portion size is perfect for lunch-they give you about a cup of rice, a small side of steamed veggies and a cup of the yellow curry chicken. It's just enough to make you comfortably full. As far as the taste, the sauce was absolutely delicious. It had a nice, mellow nutty flavor with a subtle sweetness from the coconut milk. I really liked that the curry in the sauce wasn't overpowering, and the peppers gave it a nice kick. The chicken was cooked well as was the rice, but the sauce is what made the dish for me.
Another thing that's definitely worth taking note of is how inexpensive this restaurant is. My lunch was just $11! I'll definitely be back again the next time I decide to pick up lunch.Best Vietnamnaiz restaurant in town.
We ordered fried tofu rolls , vegetable dumpling and coconut curry with tofu.
Loved it so much.Bland food. Slow service. Not up to the standards set by the original restaurant across the river.Great spot with outdoor seating that's pet friendly, super service, nice menu selection with some fabulous items (like the yellow curry Gulf shrimp). Stay away from the bahn mi...served on a poboy bun and super dry. This item we sent back; they were very nice, apologetic & took it off the bill. Would go again.Had the combination pho and my husband and the roast pork bahn mi sandwich.  The pho broth was kinda salty, I like to add seasoning to my pho so I don't want it on the salty side.  There wasn't any dry peppers or the pepper and garlic sauce on the table all I could use to spice up my pho was Siracha.  I had some my my husbands bahn mi.  The pork was ground up and then formed into little sausages.  We were expecting the pork to just be grilled pork. A little skimpy with the veggies. The bread was good but I have had way better bahn mi sandwiches.We found this place by mistake, after we couldn't find a table at the Green Goddess next door. The restaurant is small, I recall maybe 10 tables in all, however what they lack in space they makeup in food and service. One of the best Vietnamese Restaurants I have even been in New Orleans! You can also order bubble tea here, as well as every Pho type soup you can think off. Did I mention its really inexpensive? It was way inexpensive for the quality of the food. Must try!A nice quiet Vietnamese restaurant located in the French Quarter.  The service is fast and the food is fresh.  I needed a quick bite to eat so I came in yesterday and ordered the pork belly banh mi with a glass of iced coffee.  The sandwich is made fresh, with a lightly toasted bun, cilantro, pickled carrots, and daikon.  The coffee is Cafe du Monde over condensed milk and ice.  The iced coffee came in a plastic cup instead of a glass.  Overall a clean facility including the bathroom.  Prices are higher than most Vietnamese places but very reasonable compared to other French Quarter eateries.Stopped in on a rainy day to get something comforting but not heavy and was not disappointed. Came around 6 and there wasn't a wait to be seated. Ordered the grilled pork spring rolls, ban xeo, and the flank steak pho. I highly recommend getting the grilled pork spring rolls. The way they seasoned the pork was delicious and paired with the chili they put in the peanut sauce, I was craving more as soon as I was done. Their pho was good and flavorful as well, meat was tender. The ban xeo was okay, probably wouldn't get it again tasted like they put a lot of coconut milk in it which is not the flavor I was looking for. Overall a good experience, servers were nice and food was tasty. Stop by if you need a break from the Cajun/Creole flavors.The steamed bun sliders are super amazing (especially the pork belly ones)!  I also had a bahn mi that was great and the prices are good (except the iced coffee, good but to expensive). My friend had the combo pho and it was excellent, and good pho is often hard to find! You won't be disappointed!Great food, we got the cheatan vegan and it was delicious. Fairly fast and great service.The combo pho was very good--everything tasted very fresh with amazing broth. My husband had the pork belly sliders and we loved them.Great fresh food!! We ordered some vermicelli dishes and some rice dishes. Everything was well prepared and fresh. The all place is clean from the restroom to the window/door sill!! Great value. And great service too! In a town where the Cajun food is royalty, it is a great change from fried spicy food sometime over priced for the tourists. A welcome change if you stay in NOLA for few days.Ehhh... this place was ok. 
Pho was watered down and lacking the good authentic meat options like tripe. 
The service was also "meh" They took our order then went to sit down and eat their own lunch. No water refills, no one checking on us. 
The tables were sticky and uneven so be careful eating a big bowl of hot soup.Absolutely great...... the food was flavorful, taste really good. In town for a conference.. needed a break from it all. From now on when I visit New Orleans......this will alway be on my list of  things to do . Great atmosphere great waiter very friendly......Excellent, excellent food, I would actually give it 4 1/2 stars. Great stop in New Orleans. Especially if you're tired of Cajun food...; ). Clean, bright flavors.Really fabulous. We (party of four) were feeling really heavy after a couple of days of Creole food and needed a break. Thus, opting for Thai. 
The place was clean and lots of people were there. The ambience is quite and the tables and chairs are family style and very comfy. The service was fast and efficient. The food was super fresh and super good. Def a place to visit if you want a little break from gumbo.The French Quarter is what it is...a mixture of great culture, the people of Walmart, and Satan's Disneyland. Nine Roses is a nice diversion amidst many other diversions and similarly fine eateries. If you're looking for something a little lighter, you've found it. And Sucre. Because that's next door and I can't be responsible for your dessert choices. ;)
It's a cute little spot with great outdoor seating, located at the corner of a little pedestrian alleyway that's lit with pretty cafe bulbs and adorned with art from the surrounding studios. The interior space is simlarly airy. The service was fast and courteous.
I had the lemongrass tofu steamed buns to start. They were a spicy but balanced mouthful---very well-seasoned! Same goes for the yellow chicken curry, which was beautifully and simply presented. The peanuts were plentiful and perfectly toasted.
Delicious! It made my (now portly) little Primal heart happy.Respect - without me asking, the sweet owner stood outside the restaurant to watch over my backpacks (I ate outside) while I stood by the art emporium next door to chat with the owner.
Pho - delicious. it is even better if you sit outdoors at night and gaze at the art next door and admire the little tealights from far away. :) 
If you are a pho-critic, I wouldn't say this is the best pho, but I'd also say while in NOLA, you're in the space to have the best gumbo and jambalaya, so appreciate the greats and enjoy this good pho.Amazing, clean food. Such a refreshing difference from the heavy food in New Orleans. Loved it!After countless meals of Cajun/creole food, we needed a short break during our visit. This was the only Vietnamese option in French quarters which was a nice contrast from the heavy food we've been eating. It's located in Exchange alley so it was nice sitting outside in the patio and people watching.
We got the vermicelli bowl and tofu pho. The tofu was marinated well and the meat was grilled deliciously. It's hard to mess up these dishes but this place does them well. Not a bad spot for lunch or dinner!So good! They grill their shrimp fresh for their spring rolls. They take pride in their cooking. I'll def come back.Great Pho and Bahn Xieo!! It is a good break from other type of food in French Quarter. I needed a spicy food fix and I got it!!Recommended to us via another po boy food spot. Looks like a family run business. Hospitality was fantastic. Food is great for late lunchtime easy eating. Had the chicken po boy. Well balanced with the herbs. Would visit again.I would like to give them a 4.5. Food is actually quite good, particularly the fresh spring rolls. We also had the bun and the pho. However the food came out piecemeal rather than together as a meal, and the service was not the friendliest.  But would definitely recommend the food.I had a great experiences here with my friends! The food was fresh and the service was great. Even though we were there close to closing time our waiter was extremely gracious. I ordered the tofu spring rolls and my friends ordered the tofu yellow curry. The three of us were all very happy with our food. 
I would definitely go back next time I'm in the area!We had dinner at Nine Roses Cafe and loved it!  The food was fresh and flavorful, and the service was prompt and courteous.  We highly recommend the banh mi (beef and tofu versions), the chicken pho, the coconut curry, and the pork sliders.  We ate outside, which was nice as well.One of the servers needs serious customer service training. When I ordered food, he looked like "what are you talking about?" He also put my takeout food in front of me without saying anything. Very unfriendly.A gem in the French Quarter -- affordable, delicious, and convenient (located right next to Cafe Beignet!). We got the grilled pork buns and they were absolutely delicious: grilled to crispy perfection, flavorful, and soft. I got the grilled beef rice plate. Definitely pour the fish sauce over the beef, it's delicious. The steamed veggies that came with the plate were a little lazy and the rice was a little overcooked but overall delicious. My friend got the pho and said she enjoyed it but it was a little salty. Still, a gem that I would highly recommend, especially for the price.Incredible foods, awesome services, oasis in the French quarter. Their shrimp vermicelli is amazingly delectable.My favorite cuisine is Vietnamese food and man, was I blown away by this restaurant. We ordered shrimp spring rolls, chicken banh mi, and vegan pho. The shrimp was so fresh, the banh mi was absolute perfection and the pho was to die for!! 100% would recommend and I would fly here from Chicago anytime for their food.Excellent Pho, spring rolls and bao! Interior is old but the food is delicious. Reasonably priced.The shrimp spring rolls were really tasty. The pho was disappointing. They had none of the normal fixings - tripe, tendon etc... and the broth was bland. Hot sauce helps. My friend had the vermicelli noodles with pork and liked it a lot.Amazing Pho here!! Definitely loved it!! The broth is u like any I have ever had before and their Dac Biet (Special) has chicken in it too!!Wasn't feeling good the other day and was craving pho. I found this little gem that just so happened to be on the way on my walk home, so I decided to check it out. Cute, quaint, and clean little spot on Conti Street off of Chartres. I ordered the combination Pho and an order of egg rolls to go. Everyone at the restaurant was very friendly and the service was fast. Got home and put together my pho and it was delicious and hit the spot! The price was reasonable for the quarter. I will definitely be back!!Although it was January, Bourbon street was nuts. Probably due to the NFC Championship game on Sunday. I moved a couple blocks out of the crowds and found 9 Roses Cafe. One night I had chicken pho and grilled beef soft bun sliders with cilantro, cucumber, pickled carrots, & daikon. I got take out and went back to the hotel. You would think that Pho is bad take out, as it is soup with delicate ingredients. However, they gave me what looked like a quart of hot broth with a large bowl of rice noodles and chicken, and a bag of basil, bean sprouts, and jalapenos. The chicken was a notch above the typical ingredients used in Asian restaurants. It was clearly fresh chicken breast pulled into chunks, and not frozen chicken lumps that were subsequently "rethermalized." I was impressed and enjoyed combining all the ingredients. Fresh basil in broth with hot sauce is so good. The sliders were very tasty, with fresh ingredients and a spicy sauce (on the side). I went back the next night for the chicken curry. Again, I ordered take out. It was HOT when I returned to the hotel, with more steamed vegetables (on the side) than most Asian restaurants (which seem to regard the broccoli etc. as a garnish). The curry was quite spicy, which was a nice surprise as most restaurants dumb-down the spices. Overall, I was very pleased with the low-cost, non-greasy,  elegantly spiced offerings of this uncrowded restaurant.I always have lunch twice a week here , it used to be a nice and good place, but today Friday 17 i went for lunch, but quality on food went down, a friend of mine told me the quality wasn't good like before, so i went to see and sadly she was right, i hope they do something about it and put the prices like beforeFood was fresh and service was great! Better than a lot of NYC pho restaurants. First time that I had pork sliders from an Vietnamese restaurant and it was really good! Almost like Peking duck but with beef. If your tired of oysters in NO then definitely try this place!If you are starving to death and wanna skip the ridiculous wait at any restaurant around the French Quarter, 9 roses is the spot you wanna go to. No wait. The price here is much cheaper than any other places in the neighborhood, while it's still a little bit pricey for pho in this portion. 
My boyfriend and I ordered beef flank pho and a combination pho. Both were so good!! Broth was so "herby" and natural and it's so great to have pho in a chilly day.
Recommended!!Exceptional serious and really good quality food! I got the soup with chicken, the only bad thing I can say about it is that it could have used more garlic and cilantro to give the broth more Flavour.Great food, my first time trying Pho and I was blown away! Will definitely be back. We ordered shrimp spring rolls, beef rice plate and flank steak pho. The spring rolls were nothing crazy exciting, but they blew me away with their beef rice plate and the pho. Only downside was that the servers were not overly friendly, but in no way will that keep us from coming back.A great option for pho in the heart of the French Quarter. As an out of towner, I was getting a bit overwhelmed by fried food and heavy stews NoLa is famous for, so this pho was an excellent break from that. I love pho and try it everywhere I go practically to see how it is in other parts of the country and this pho ranks up there with some of the better phos I've had since leaving the D.C. Metro area. Also, Nine Roses sits across the alley from a few small art galleries and if you're lucky like me, you might get a sneak peek of some of the artists in residence in action!What a gem! Everything is so flavorful and fresh, quick service, cant recommend this place enough. Came here twice in two days! Awesome yellow curry - best i ever had, tofu with lemongrass.This very casual Vietnamese restaurant offered a brief respite from the overhyped and overpriced restaurants in the French Quarter.  In a small restaurant like this, the staff has to be efficient and get diners their food quickly to turn the tables.. and the staff at 9 Roses did not disappoint whatsoever and served our food quickly as we had ordered.  My vermicelli bowl with grilled pork was terrific -- the pork was well spiced and had a nice crusty texture.  My dining companion's grilled chicken was very tasty.   A terrific option for something out of the ordinary.Everywhere we go, we always want to check out the pho in the are. So, we tried out this place. It's a small cute little restaurant. The service was fast. The food was ok. The pho was ok. The broth is what makes it and I think it was lacking in the flavor maybe due to the area and accommodating the crowd in that area is the factor for it, or maybe not.Food is good but take out is a long wait if over 30 minutes. Faster to eat there and get boxes to go for leftovers. If your seated you get food first. Waitined over 35 minutesI would say that the current rating of 4 stars for Nine Roses Cafe is accurate. The food is good...like really good! So why not a perfect score? Well, it's kind of petty, but price. Don't get me wrong, it's worth paying for and I bet they pay a pretty penny to be in this location, but $12 for a standard size of combo pho is steep. Otherwise, everything was great!
FYI - seating is first come first serve. It's not a big place, so you'll likely have to wait. Worth it! Yum!
P.S. We got cake on the house!You're in the French Quarter.  You have had your fill of oysters and po'boys.  You crave something else.  Well my friend you are in luck if you step into 9 Roses Cafe on Conti.  Delicious Vietnamese food is waiting for you.  Fresh and as authentic as you will find anywhere, all skillful and quickly prepared by people who care and respect each ingredient.  You will immediately taste that everything, even down to their sauces, are made from scratch and nothing from a jar or can.  Some of my favorites:
Fried egg rolls starter.  That sauce is to die for!
Gulf shrimp and pork spring roll.  Perfect all around.
Grilled beef rice vermicelli.  Best I've had anywhere.
Yellow curry chicken.  Ask for it spicy and enjoy.This place has shockingly bad service. The waiter didn't speak to us, didn't bring us water (as all the other guests got), left our table before we finished ordering (mid sentence), we didn't get glasses to our beverages (which we had to ask for separately), when we did get them they were dirty and he brought the tab after 10 minutes. We were obviously not welcome, and we obviously didn't tip. It's all a big mystery.This is a nice and clean little cafe. The service is good, they seem friendly.
The food is neither bad or excellent. That could be interpreted however you want depending on what you are looking for. We took the springrolls which were good, I mean, you can't really make them bad because there is no cooking... the sauce is good and legit authentic though. 
The "bánh xèo" was good (wrap that stuff in the lettuce leaves, add the mints and things and you are ready to dip!)
The "bún gà nuong" (vermicelli bowl with grilled chicken) lacked alot of taste. The chicken wasn't marinated or something, it was just bland. Otherwise, the fish sauce was good. 
The "pho gà" (chicken tonkinese soup) wasn't great. It was not the authentic chicken ph broth (I know that a lot of Vietnamese restaurants use the same beef broth for the chicken soup but just no, please, they are 2 different dishes, they just don't want to make an extra casserole of broth, though Im not saying that's what's happening here) Whatever their broth was, didn't taste like a chicken ph should be. Although the beef ones from the other table smelled really good, maybe we should have taken that... 
I would come back here but like with other Vietnamese restaurants that I frequent, I would stay with the "safer" choices to not be disappointed I guess?Great spot that could be easily overlooked! If you are looking for authentic Vietnamese, this is the spot.I'm lucky enough to work across the street from 9 Roses, so whenever I forget to bring my lunch, or want inexpensive takeout for dinner, I can always pop in here. I'm one of those people who always orders the same things - pho chicken, chicken spring rolls, and chicken vermicelli. It's always so fresh and delicious, with lots of vegetables as others have noted. The curry chicken is also great. Depending on how busy it is, as one reviewer recently noted, wait times for takeout can be long, but typically for me it's only 15 minutes or so. A very welcome addition to the French Quarter lunch options!Had dinner here last night, food was decent but boy, the worker/owner (guy with arm tattoo and petite lady with long hair) really needs some big time attitude adjustment.  The guy waiter (I'm assuming he's also the owner) was extremely unfriendly.  My husband and I felt like we were eating in a prison environment and he was the warden over looking the joint (no smile, angry demeanor,  no word exchange whatsoever when you ask for anything).  We will never return simply for the really unfriendly borderline hostile environment.  
To the owner, if you're reading this, for the sake of your business, you should really take customer service into consideration.  FYI, decent food is not enough to bring customers back!!!!I'm conflicted. 
Decent Vietnamese food. Circumstances being different, would have rated my experience a full 4 stars. 
With that said, when you have a meal at an establishment where the host/servers never say hello when you arrive nor even thank you when you leave...that's pretty fundamental. 
I watched as the server approached our table as he did all others, never having eye contact nor even saying hello. As we and other guests gave their orders, he stared off in another direction, clearly not wanting to be there. 
As we were ordering, our server began to walk away before I had even finished, and when I mentioned we'd like an appetizer he seemed genuinely perturbed. 
The meals were brought to the table in the same tone, just dropped on the table and off he went. 
As mentioned, food was pretty solid. Hospitality a fail.I always try to order something different, but the yellow curry gulf shrimp plate is so delicious! The crab rangoons are also delicious! Totally a favorite spot in the French Quarter!We decided to stop by here for a late lunch, after visiting the insectarium and aquarium. I'm always wary of restaurants when they're empty but it had a good rating here on Yelp so I decided to head in. I figured it was probably because the lunch rush had ended.
We started with the pork belly steamed buns which were amazing. The pork was tender and juicy and paired perfectly with the pickled radish. It was basically like having a banh mi except in a steamed bun. I had the grilled pork vermicelli bowl which was delicious as well, and the portion was very generous. Vermicelli bowls are one of my favorite dishes to have when it's hot out, since it's more like a noodle salad and very refreshing with the tangy sauce and veggies. I think the pork was a little too sweet for my taste but other than that it was really good.Food was delicious-- all the rolls were delicious. Kitchen takes a bit of time. Solid meal.Amazing pho - especially if you have a hangover. 
The broth was amazing and it seriously felt like it had healing properties. 
I ordered a cold cut combination bahn mi for the road because I loooove bahn mi. And I loved this bahn mi! 
Would come again.I am from San Francisco so I have been exposed to a lot of good pho and all I can say is I wish they had 9 Roses where I live. I ate here twice while I was visiting New Orleans and I would go back to NOLA just for the pho. The broth is the best I've ever had and I wish they bottled and sold the stuff.Casual Vietnamese restaurant in French Quarter
The restaurant was close to our hotel at Canal street. Their steamed dumpling and shrimp rice roll was very good. The broth of the pho was also good, not being too salty. Grilled pork was on a salty side but tasty. 
It was nice to find a good asian food near by.The pho tai is really good, as are the fried rolls.  Broth is super tasty, and the ingredients are fresh.  Such a great way to alternate from the super rich Cajun/creole food you'll doubtlessly be going crazy with in NOLA!If you've eaten good Vietnamese, you'll know this is not it. The rice noodles had sausage and iceberg lettuce, rather than grilled pork and the mixed greens you'd expect. The yellow curry was cool-aid sweet and had little curry flavor. Look elsewhere.Pho with beef flank and beef meatball (Ph tái bò viên). It looked good and I was so excited but it didn't live up to my expectations. The broth was super salty to my taste as an Vietnamese. All I could taste was the dull saltiness instead of supposedly elegant sweetness, and I even had to put water in it to dilute the salty broth. Even the meat quality was good, I wouldn't recommend this dish. Price was pricier than the other Nine Roses in town, which is understandable because of its convenient location. Service was not great either, I did complain about my pho but they didn't make efforts to fix it. This is my first time writing bad review about a restaurant. I won't come back again.By far, the best Vietnamese food in the greater NOLA area.  Great service too!  It's been a consistent favorite for 20 + years.This small, clean and warm restaurant serves up some outstanding Vietnamese food. The menu isn't huge but very well curated. I had the grilled chicken bun appetizer and the yellow curry gulf shrimp entree. Both were very well prepared and generously portioned. When you're sick of fried oysters and want to wake up your taste buds, this is an excellent choice.It seems like this place is known for the Pho. I got the yellow curry with tofu. The portion was small and the taste was just okay. I also got a mango bubble tea. Again it was just okayAmazing food and great service!! When you get sick of tourist food and high prices try this great place!The food here was amazing! The rare steak pho and grilled pork vermicelli had lots of meat and such great flavor. We will definitely be back!