This place has amazing oysters and the BEST bloody mary during my stay in NOLA. The wait wasn't too long. It went by fairly quick but I do recommend having a drink in hand while you wait. We sat at the bar in front of Hollywood, the Master Shucker, and he was great! Super focused on his work but attentive enough to not keep us waiting on anything. We tried both the fresh oysters and the chargrilled and boy, were those phenomenal. My colleague and I had oysters at each restaurant we dined at to truly see who offered the best and Acme wins, hands down.OH MY!! A must try. We had no idea there would be a line but there is but definitely well worth it!! The oysters are amazing! Try them charbroiled as well. The bread and butter that comes with them is amazing. The crawfish puppies were incredible. Could eat them all day. Definitely did not want to leave, but felt rushed (only negative) to get out so they could turn the tables. Try to see if you can join the 15 Dozen Club!The fried seafood was extremely hot. Very nice taste. Add the soft shell crab for $9.99, totally worth it. 
Service was good too, our waiter Roscoe was super nice. Brandon seated us was super friendly. I appreciate the great service. 
Prices are pretty much the same as other restaurants in the French Quarter. 
There's always have a line to get in, stand in it... it's worth the wait. But I personally wouldn't stand in the line for more than 10 - 15 minutes... there are other great seafood restaurants in the French Quarter.I love this place. I wish my stay was longer so I could visit it again. The food is awesome. I will definitely go back if I am to visit New Orleans again. Be prepared for the long waiting list.Loved the chargrilled oysters!  I mean, seriously, I have never had a tastier cooked oyster dish.  I can't tell you what goes into this dish, but it must have included some garlic, parmesan cheese, and possibly butter?  No matter what, I really enjoyed these oysters.  If you check out ACME for nothing else, at least try the chargrilled oysters.  You won't be disappointed.
I also had a 1/2 and 1/2 po'boy--half fried catfish, half fried shrimp.  The sandwich was tasty, but far from spectacular.  On a separate occasion, I tried the fried crawfish tail appetizer, which was served with a delicious sauce (aioli probably, with horseradish).  Again, nothing out of the ordinary.
Needless to say, stick to those chargrilled oysters.  The raw oysters are just fine also, to be sure.  I did find it odd that when they shucked the oysters, they left all the sandy mud on the outside of the shell, which meant odds were good that some of the sand would infiltrate your oyster.  Not sure why they do that, considering how texture is so important when it comes to oysters, and the last thing you want is to bite on a grain of crunchy sand while your trying to enjoy your meal.  Oh well.
I would definitely stop here for lunch again someday.  In fact, I went there two days in a row already!This place is not that good. OK the oysters are good, same as they are at any other place in town. They have no real control over that
Everything else is mediocre to horrible. Dont touch the fried seafood or anything like etoufee 
It is fun to belly up to the oyster bar and rap with the shuckers.  some have been there decades and they have some stories to tell.
Did have a bad experience though last time i was there. We went to settle the bill as the shucker who had been entertaining us encouraged us to pay cash. Why? so he could stuff the tip in his pocket and not share with the rest of the wait staff. He as much as told us that
This is whats depressing about NOLA at times, good, authentic, hard working, jive talking worker giving us a great show at the same time trying to beat the rest of the staff out of their living.  No honor anymore
you want good fried seafood go to Bozos in metairie, or even Jaggers in HarahanBest oysters I've ever had in my life.  The char grilled ones were killer.  Worth the wait.  DO NOT SKIP THIS PLACE ON YOUR VISIT!Well we all know Acme is like a New Orleans institution.  The chargrilled oysters are a must if you decide to visit.  You can't go wrong with the 1/2 and 1/2.  I just had the half oyster poyboy and cup of seafood gumbo.  I have to be honest when I say that Acme has a pretty good damn gumbo.  I find this hard to come by in a city deemed the "Melting Pot" of the South. Anywho, ice cold beer on tap and oysters. What else do you need in life?After seeing Acme on Man vs. Food, I thought it would be a good addition to my food your of New Orleans. Everytime we passed by, there was always a line, so we chose another restaurant instead. However, on our last day in NOLA, we knew we would have to tough it out and wait. For lunch around noon, it only took 20 minutes. We were seated at the oyster bar and promptly served our food. We ordered the piece po-boy which was topped with tabasco mayo and filled with oysters and shrimp. So delicious and on the most perfect po-boy bread imaginable. We also ordered the sampler plate that had seafood gumbo, andouille sausage and red beans and rice. Everything was flavorful and delicious. I am so glad we finally got the chance to eat here-it was worth the wait!The oysters are amazing!  The service is top notch!Food wasn't the best, our waiter was terrible, they don't split checks and to top it off if you want to split CC pmt you can only use 3 cards and the rest must be cash, do yourself a favor and go to the Bourbon House Kensie and Jake are awesome!this is the place to go for oysters. Get there early as there is always a long line but it's worth the wait.The line for this place is always so long!! But, I understand why. The food is fabulous. Their raw oysters are always so fresh (one of my favorites) and their gumbo was also very tasty. On this occasion, it was my cousin's birthday so they gave her a free chargrilled oyster, instead of ice cream like most restaurants, and she fell in love. I had never tried chargrilled oysters either so, I sopped up some of the delicious sauce that was coating her oyster with the bread they provided us. SO GOOD! We ordered a dozen of the chargrilled the next day and now life will never be the same!As always over the top friendly service and food that can't be beat.  Party of two seated at the bar and Curtis took great care of us.  Oysters raw and grilled, they presented the best that any Coast eatery has to offer.   Acme is a must visit in Nola.So in 2 trips to NOLA over the past few months, I've managed to eat at Acme Oyster House 3 times.  Each time I enjoyed the fresh oysters and chargrilled oysters.  I think both are some of the best in town.  The atmosphere is casual and the beer expensive, but the food is good - that's why they've been in business for the past 100 years. 
Compared with some of the other reviewers, guess I have been lucky to have had pretty good service on each of my visits.  Hell, the waitress even bought our last round of beers on my second visit - of course lunch was disrupted by the guy having a stroke at the next table being carted out by the EMTs.
This has become a spot near and dear to my heart -  I can get great NOLA food without having to dress for dinner or make a reservation.  Definitely on my list of must eat places when in town!When my boyfriend and I got there the line was down to the corner of the block.. We walked over from our hotel so we decided to stay. Great choice! 
The wait wasn't bad. We got a couple of beers and in no time we were in. 
We shared a appetizer and entree and weren't disappointed! 
1dz of char broiled oysters & a sea food platter, 1/2 fish 1/2 shrimp .. Also included fried prawns, fried oysters, fries and hush puppies.. Yes. Everything fried! But we're on vacation so it's okay :-)Had lunch there today service and food was excellent!! Recommended to all! Raw Oysters so fresh and flavorful!!If the chargrilled oysters are the only thing u came here for u may be happy. other than that i'd stay away. The seafood étouffée was baby shrimps (maybe) in salty gravy. the gumbo was baby shrimps (maybe?)  in salty broth. and the jambalaya tasted like it was made from a box. with salt. overall disappointed.Overrated and overpriced tourist trap. What a dry and uninspiring shrimp po boy and the grilled oysters are way overpriced. The raw oysters on the half-shell were okay. Do yourself a favor, skip this place and go across the street to Felix's. It is much better, lower price and you usually don't have to wait.We noticed the line outside acme when checking into our hotel, and decided to check it out for dinner the next night - long queue, but we were a small group and were prepared to sit at the bar, so the wait was only about ten minutes or so (would still advise dining here off-peak). The atmosphere inside is great - plenty going on but still able to have a conversation.
The food - the specialty is the chargrilled oysters, and they are a MUST HAVE if you're in New Orleans. The best I've had. Cooked in just the right amount of butter, garlic and cheese, with fresh bread to slurp up the extra sauce, these are big, creamy flavoursome oysters that even non-seafood fans should try. The boo fries are also a great addition, as are their poboys, gumbo and fried crawfish tails. 
An absolute must-do!This place is definitely worth the wait, and high rankings!  Best crawfish étouffée we've had in town, and the grilled oysters are crazy good!Maybe I had higher hopes for these than I should have but I was unimpressed with Acme's oysters. Were they good? Yes. Were they the BEST OYSTERS EVER? No. I had oysters the night before at Mr. Ed's Seafood House and they were just as great and they were $5 cheaper. 
My brother & I decided on here for lunch since we saw the line wrapping around the corner the night before. We stood in the line for a late lunch around 3:30pm on a Monday and were seated in less than 5 minutes. It's all about timing with these popular spots. If you come on the weekend, expect a long wait. I would recommend planning for one weekday during your trip for less wait times. Our waitress was fun & sassy. She got right to it with putting in our order of charbroiled oysters. I had the 1/2 shrimp po-boy with a cup of seafood gumbo and my brother settled on a bowl of seafood gumbo. The gumbo was DELICIOUS! I thoroughly enjoyed it. My brother thought it was tasty, served at the perfect temperature and had large chunks of crawfish & shrimp. My shrimp po-boy was good as well. It reminded me of the fish sandwiches I would get from Wendy's back in St. Croix growing up. I know it seems weird but fast food in the Caribbean taste drastically different than that in the United States. This is a compliment for them. Being that it reminded me of something so simple, it was just okay for me. Damn you St. Croix for spoiling me with great tasting food from birth. We finished up with the bread pudding. That was the most memorable part of the meal. My brother commented that he wanted to lick the bowl when we were done but decided that it would be frowned upon if he did. Our bill came up to $57.29 for 2 iced teas, a dozen chargrilled oysters, 1 bowl of gumbo, a 1/2 shrimp po-boy & cup of gumbo & a bread pudding. After tip, we spent around $66. That's where the 3 stars come in. 
You can enjoy oysters and good food here at Acme but I wouldn't recommend waiting in a long line for it. There are 50 billion restaurants in New Orleans and they all claim to have the BEST ___________ (fill in the blank). With that being said, you can find great oysters all throughout the city. I recommend befriending a local at the bar, in your hotel or your Uber driver for off-the-beaten path eateries that will give you authentic, memorable food minus the wait and the bill.The char-grilled oysters were good, but I really liked the one at Felix's better. Ordered 2lbs of boiled crawfish. My friend liked the taste of it, but it wasn't for me. 
Everyone has their own preference, this just wasn't the place for me.Wow! Greatest food we had in New Orleans. There was a line up front to be seated, but it moved quickly. The most amazing item ordered were the boo fries. They were delicious!! The charbroiled oysters were amazing as well. Our waitress was very funny and friendly and made our experience truly enjoyable.If you don't have to wait in line, go in and eat. You won't be disappointed. If you do have to wait, go across the street to Felix's, not as nice ambiance but the food is as good... In fact the grilled oysters were a touch better. 
I tried both restaurants back to back recently. At Acme I had the grilled oysters and an oyster po boy. The grilled oyster was delicious but a bit salty. The po boy was exquisite. Crispy fried oysters in a crispy roll. Sloshed down with a couple of glasses of pinot grigio.... lunch don't get much better than this. Companions had the jambalaya... OK... and the other the combination seafood platter.... very good. 
Reviewed by 500+ the place cant be bad just don't wait in line..Fun place to hangout. We sat at the bar & sat in front of the famed master shucker & was privileged to see "Hollywood" in action! He was entertaining & a delight to chat with while having a few beers. Our waitress was awesome as well, making sure our drinks were never empty. 
We ordered 1/2 dz raw & 1/2 dz grilled oysters, it was so good we ended ordering another 1/2 dz of each. 
Raw oysters Awesome! Grilled oysters w some bread to soak up the butter sauce-DLish!too salty and wait for long time.We see many people wait outside the restaurant however it is not worth to go thereThe very best oysters if you are there and the month ends in a r you will taste salty sweet oysters! Wish I was there today- the guys at the bar are amazing shucking the oysters and laughing at life in general! Grab a beer and season your beauty the way you like it!Great oysters both fresh and grilled and a nice sampler plate too. This place is great value and worth queuing for. 5* at this price.Had oysters, boom shrimps, hush puppies, and gumbo, everything here is great! Come early, the wait could be long but we were able to sit at the bar right away.Lives up to the hype. Get everything you can.  The wait is worth it. 
Chargrilled oysters were amazing. 
Jambalaya was awesome. 
Raw oysters were so fresh. 
Peacemaker po-boy was really good too.
Get all of it!!!You'd like this if you're really into fast fried food but my boyfriend and I felt this place was a bit overrated. The food was okay but more of a Chain restaurant feel- like Friday's. Had the gumbo- boyfriend liked that.  Had a shrimp poboy, fried shrimp, fried fish, fried softshell crab, and chargrilled oysters. I liked the fried shrimp the best.  The poboy wasn't bad but nothing special. The crab kinda tasted weird...I'm not a crab expert but it tasted maybe a little spoiled in the center. The chargrilled oysters were a bit on the greasy and salty side- had alotta parmesan  The service was decent.The parboiled oysters were lit! And I'm not a huge oyster fan. The fried crawfish was good too. I hated the sauce it came with, but that was no big deal. I'd come back here.So NOT worth the wait. We were teased twice that our table was ready - only to take a group of 8 instead of our group of 10. I guess it's hard to count on a Sunday. Asked for waters all around, and only brought 8 glasses instead of 10 - again a counting problem.
Cocktail sauce was super hot. Shrimp and fish were just OK, but the fries were salty and soggy.
Watch out for what's "included" or not - our bill reflected add-ons that we did not order - including two orders of oysters instead of one
Average po-boys. Had better ones in the warehouse district.
Gumbo was also just OK.
Service was spotty. Had to ask for more water multiple times. 
Only bright spot was the "boo fries" - quite tasty.
Will not return or recommend to a friend.We were a party of 6. The PO boy is served on 25 cent bread for $15.5. The Chargrilled oysters were swimming in grease. I waited 15mn for a water. They added 18% gratuity. They refused to split the check. And to top it all, they limited us at 3 cards for payment. When I mentioned that the raw oysters were not great, the manager said that they are better with crackers and cocktail sauce (seriously...)...Worst dining experience we've had in some time...I love oysters! So I definitely had to check out this place when I went to NOLA. I must say that the oysters were great. Very different to the ones I usually eat from Tomales Bay but still tasty. I have to admit that I'm not a big fan of the chargrilled oysters. It's a good concept of grilling the oysters topped with parmesan cheese but its way too salty for my taste buds. So if you like oysters and happen to go to Bourbon Street, check out this place for sure.We sat at a community table and loved the experience. Grilled oysters are a must, but the red beans and rice and gumbo are also great! Get a draft beer and enjoy!I'm pretty sure that while I was in line waiting to get in, I got hit by a bus.  Because after eating 2 dozen chargrilled oysters, I know I am now in heaven.  OMG they are amazing; probably the best oysters I have ever had!  Also the seafood étouffée and crawfish were excellent.  Totally worth the wait!Go for the chargrilled oysters, they were awesome. Don't come for the PoBoys or Gumbo, there's better to be had at lots of other places.Char-grilled oysters were pretty darn good! The smokiness and buttery flavor truly accented the oysters. If you've never had 'em, try 'em!
The reason they get 4 stars: the 12 oysters were very small for $20.Solid bar food.  Nice alternative to Drago's - I still think Drago's has the best oysters but saw a cockroach behind the Drago's counter (downtown location) so I tend to frequent Acme's instead.Charbroiled oysters were amazing, fried crawfish was pretty good. Gumbo was just OK and the service was really good. Will definitely come back!Chances are if you come to ACME you will have to wait for a seat. After waiting i can tell you it was worth it. All I had to say is WOW. I ate here the first night I was in the big easy with my girlfriend & it did not disappoint. We each started with a cup of gumbo & it was the most delicious one I had in NOLA. We moved on to the next course and decided on the chargrilled oysters. Being the first time I had ever had oysters, I can say they were absolutely amazing. The butter herb sauce on it mixed with the bacon & cheese were perfect. How can you not like bacon?! The staff was very friendly and informational, the place has a very lively atmosphere & I would 100% recommend stopping here in your trip to the big easy!4.5. The soft shell crab was amazing.  Very large and tasty.   Raw oysters were classically yum.  Charbroiled were ok.  My daughter who doesn't like seafood loved them but dragos has em beat.   Etoufee was ok.Had to get chargrilled oysters the first day in New Orleans. Just like I remembered.... Bread sopping goodFirst place you go in NOLA is here, stop everything your doing and eat. Then when you're ready leave NOLA, eat here again. OMG ! AMAZING.
Ask for Helen as your server. Shut your pie hole and let her guide you to an awesome dinner. She is just the sweetest person and knows exactly what you want, even if you dont. The restaurant is amazing but gets my 5 stars because of Miss HelenOne of the best and least expensive meals I had in New Orleans. My meal consisted of everything New Orleans I wanted to try: oysters, crawfish, po'boy and gumbo. The 1/2 soup 1/2 sandwich option is great, seafood gumbo was bowl-lickin' good. Drowned it down with a few local IPAs. Sat at the bar and met a few other out-of-towners for cocktails later that evening.This place is definitely touristy but the food is delicious! The last time we went, we did have to stand in line, but it moved relatively quickly.  It's not overly expensive, and you wouldn't really want to go there for a romantic date.  If you just want some great food, this is a good stop.  I like taking out of towners here because they get the New Orleans experience and I get some delicious food!Hands Down the best Jambalaya!!! Wonderful experience. This place was the best part of the visit. Friendly staff, Fantastic Cocktails and Awesome food. I highly recommend this place. No matter when you go by it always has a line. Every restaurant here has waiting time of more than 1 hour. We ordered Boom Boom Shrimp, Fried Soft Shell Crab Platter, Seafood Etouffee & Jambalaya. Other than standing in the line for more than 1hr 30min, I give them 5 stars for the service and delicious food.Damn good time here! Highly recommend this place. Long line but worth the wait drinks are strong so be careful.The food was so good there. Its a restaurant that I have to visit every time that I'm in New Orleans. Their "Oyster Shooters" are reasonably priced. If you have a couple beers and a shooter you will feel good for a couple hours.My first night in town and I was craving some crawfish after bar hoping. Called around and places were either already closed or not serving crawfish. Then I found Acme. OMG. Best crawfish I've had in a long time. I was in town for 4 nights and ordered 2lbs every single night (except the one night they ran out around 8pm). Service was always great and got to a point where they knew me and my order by name. Very fun staff and cute little place. But be prepared to wait. They always had a line outside. I was only able to bypass it by ordering my crawfish to go every night.If our table had been wiped down and if they served anything green I would have given it five stars.   If you know New Orleans a lot of places are like this, not too clean but boy the food is good. 
We had charbroiled Oysters,,,yum.  They were really good and I was with two locals who agreed.   
We then had the fried peace maker po boy.....yum.   And yes it had a little lettuce on it..yea something green.  The shrimp chowder was good too. 
I love love love this place, but wish I could balance the fried food with a salad.Food is amazing! One of the top two places we ate during our 5 days here. The line outside was long but they have a list at the door so make sure to walk up and put your name on it. I didn't give it 5 stars because once we were seated we had to wait another 30 plus minutes to get drinks and place our order but once the food arrived no one said a word and ate every bit of it from the soft shell crab, oysters, fried shrimp, fried catfish and po-boys! Hush puppies we're also amazing. Definitely a must go when in NOLA!We only waited for about 30 minutes, but I would have waited all day! Damn good! Chargrilled Oysters! WOW! A word of advice - make friends in line and be prepared to be flexible with your party size. You'll  get seated faster. They won't split checks so come with cash if that's your plan!Enjoyed this place so much, I went there twice in one weekend!  Everything I had was delicious.  These oysters were better than any I tried anywhere else.  A must for anyone visiting the city.
I recommend getting a seat at the bar and having the shuckers serve you up what they are shucking right there - they are fun to chat with too!Fun atmosphere, great service, cold beer, delicious oysters, po boys...whats not to love?Great oysters, raw & grilled both. Entrees I found lacking, had the medley with gumbo, jambalaya & beans/rice with sausage. Beans/rice with sausage was the best, I also tried the fried soft shell crab, found it to be good for fried food. If I come again will be strictly for the oysters.One of my favorite restaurants in NoLa. They can get pretty busy and the waits could be long. Stopped by here with 5 of my friends and there was about 20 people ahead of us in line. Got seated in approximately 25 minutes. Service inside the restaurant was fast. Orders were served quick and the food was amazing! Will definitely be back again!Good oysters. Long wait. Cold beer. Great location in the Quarter. What could really be wrong with any of that? Nothing, esp. for a good poboy or raw oysters.Best fried soft shell crab I ever had!!!!!!!! I love ACME its the BEST fast good food will go back every time I'm in NOLA for sure!!!!!!! Thanks ACME!!!!Get there early enough but expect a wait. The bar is a great place to sit if you are alone. You can skip the line. There are usually one or two seats there. Try the grilled oysters. Even if you don't usually like them! You will thank me later! The po boys are good! The bread pudding is tasty. I'm not sure what it's supposed to taste like any other time but I enjoyed it. Try the local beer. Abita. Purple hazeEpitome of what I expected going to New Orleans. Waitress was great and showed me how to eat crawfish for the first time and I really enjoyed the charbroiled oysters and oyster shooter.We came here only for: the grilled oysters, a cup of redbeans and rice, and a pint of beer.  The oysters were very good, the redbeans and rice were ok, and the beer was cold.
The service here is amazing, quick, courtious, friendly etc.  I'm sure if we'd had a full meal here we would not have been dissapointed.The oysters were excellent, and jambalaya was very good. I was disappointed by the shrimp po boy, it was a little dry and lacked flavor. Recommend sticking with the oysters for sure!Upon arriving we were seated within 5 minutes.  Our waitress was really attentive and friendly.  The raw oysters are buttery, melt in your mouth delicious, and completely satisfied my oyster craving.  I also got half of the fried oyster po'boy and a bowl of the chicken and andouille sausage gumbo.  Everything was so good and met my standards.  Everyone should come to Acme  when in NOLA, I definitely recommend it.  My tummy was happy leaving this scrumptious establishment.The oyster stew (Oyster Rockefeller Soup), the debris po boy (Acme 10 Napkin Roast Beef), red beans and rice, and shrimp/oyster po boy (Fried Peace Maker Po Boy) were decadently delish. MUST. HAVE.  Seriously. Absolutely worth the hype and the line moves quickly. You'll eat too much and you'll swear to never do it again but then you'll go home and dream about the food and when you come back?  You'll eat too much again.This place is amazing. Their deserts are great but the main attraction is the chargrilled oysters. I took some people here that do not normally eat oysters and they loved them. I would recommend that everyone try this place at least once.Life changing!!!  I had heard about Acme Oyster House and it was beyond my expectations.  We stood in line for about 30 minutes waiting to get inside.  I'd stand out there for hours if needed!  The char-grilled oysters blew my mind!!!  We also had a cup of gumbo and an order of raw oysters.  It was one of the best meals I've ever had.  For dessert we had a pecan cobbler which was basically pecan pie without the crust....delicious!  I can't recommend this place strong enough.  If you are in NOLA, you need to visit Acme Oyster House!Friendly, Good service, and good food!! My friend won the 15 Dozen Oysters challenge woohoo!!I waited three years to try this place after my failed attempt (due to the rain and a long line) during my first time in New Orleans! THREE YEARS! I was not to be deterred this time around. Glad the weather was on my side as well as. Someone must have known I would have thrown a fit if I wasn't able to come again this time.
Got here around 5:45-ish and the line was decent. It only got kept getting longer after we arrived. We had a party of six and they were nice enough to hold our table for the 5 to 10 minutes it took until the last two people of our party arrived. After being seated, the waiter came by and took our orders. Obviously being called an Oyster House, you have to order the oysters!
The boyfriend and I split an order of a half-dozen raw oysters, a half-dozen chargrilled oysters, and the fried seafood platter (oyster, shrimp, and fish). The raw oysters were nice and fresh, although expect an inconsistency of size. Some were big and others medium. As for the chargrilled, these oysters might have been small due to the cooking process but they came out bubbling in seasoned butter and cheese that was just oh so tasty! I was literally sticking the bread in all the leftover butter I could get! Hell, I probably would have drank the seasoned butter right from the oyster shell if it wasn't super hot! Definitely a must when you come here!
As for the fried seafood platter, these was a delicious dish as well. The fried fish was nice and tender. The fried oysters were nice and big with a good oyster taste, unlike some places that give you the dinky small oysters that's mostly batter (YES! I'm talking about you Pappadeux!). The fried shrimp was cooked perfectly that I definitely cried when one fell of the plate on to the floor. Yes, I'll admit, I contemplated about the 5 second rule, but with the streets of New Orleans being as dirty as they were, I decided it was better left there then in my stomach.
As for why 4 stars? I can't remember if they wrote down our order or not, but when we ordered the seafood platter, we asked for a side of coleslaw (absolutely delicious btw). However, our plate came with hush puppies instead. Easy fix, but I just didn't like having to wait and flag down the waiter to get it changed.Was not impressed. Heard so much about this place and with a line out the door in the rain thought it had to be good. The oysters were good, but the boom boom shrimp lacked boom and the jambalaya was dry. I ordered a side and it was in a little cup. The Po boys were ok. The Acme 10 Napkin Roast Beef tasted more like pot roast. Have to say service was good though.Food was excellent specially seafood platter it was fried perfect and yummy! Oyster was good to. But my my char broiled oyster was little over done but seafood platter made it up! Service was good too!The restaurant was a short walk from out hotel so we decided to give it a try. We went around noon for lunch and there was a short line but the wait was only about 15 minutes. The food was great. The charbroiled oysters were amazing. We also tried the boom boom shrimp not pictured that were also good. The fried fish and shrimp were great also. I definitely will be returning when I come back.Came here at 3:00 PM on a popular vacation day, waited about 30-40 minutes.  The service was pretty atrocious, but I could hardly blame the waiter as he looked way overworked.
Sadly, I think the highlight of my meal were the raw oysters, but those are pretty much the same as any other spot in the French Quarter.  I found the chargrilled oysters way too salty with the parmesan, in my opinion.  My family made the mistake of ordering additional food, which was lackluster to say the most.  I had the New Orleans Medley and it tasted like something I'd get at a TGI Friday's.I would never look at oysters the same again. There is no wrong way  to have it here. Grilled, raw, etc, just do it. The line is something that will scare you, but good things are worth  waiting for.....NO GREAT things are worth waiting for. This includes the 10 napkin po boy, and of course, the OYSTER po boyA must-go to place if you are in New Orleans. And why? Because of the chargrilled oysters. So amazing! Chargrilled to perfection with butter and parmesan. Also served with a french loaf so you can soak up all that butter and parmesan. Simply amazing. Had the po-boy for my meal which was also good. I dreamt about those oysters that night!Who goes to Acme Oyster house and orders a po' boy? Me! Boy, that was a big mistake. The po' boy was a huge disappointment. That bread was SO hard and stale I ended up just eating the protein inside. I think the menu even said it was a "famous" po' boy. Hmmm.
I will say that the charred oysters are TOTALLY worth the wait in the line. The few times I have been, the wait wasn't too bad. Anything longer than 30 mins is too long for me... but we got a table within 20 minutes and the line does move pretty fast here. My friends enjoyed their dishes, but I really think the only thing I would recommend here are the oysters. Don't go to a oyster house and order anything else but oysters. That was my mistake. 
The char grilled oysters come out fresh and piping hot, you can even see the guy making them in one section of the restaurant. Don't forget to dip your french bread into the nice butter afterwards. So good.  Learn from my lesson and just stick to the basics when ordering.  
P.S. The door person will catch some attitude with you. Not sure if it's a happening spot and they felt entitled, but I didn't think it was warranted especially since I was not inebriated like most folks waiting in line.If you get a chance to go, go.
Acme came highly recommended, so it was a place we had to check out.
We were also prepped  - there will be a wait, try the charbroiled oysters, and food is  good.  Personally, I can attest to 2 of the 3.  There is a wait and the food is good.  I didn't get a chance to try the charbroiled oysters, just the raw ones, but I wish I had.  From someone else I went with, she said they were delish!  I can see how the wait can frustrate but once I understood that unless you're with an unusually large party, they seat you when that same size table opens up.  So if you're a party of 5 that came first before a party of 4, but a table clears for a party of 4, they are going to seat them first.  With this location being as busy as it is, I get why they do it this way.  And in all honesty, it didn't appear that any 1 party waited more than 20 to 30 minutes while we were there.
I had the 1/2 fish, 1/2 oyster dinner and it was good.  Portion size was big enough for me not to finish it all.  From start to finish, this was a great meal and a must go back on any future trips to New Oreleans.Juicy chargrilled oysters!
Place is a bit off of bourbon. Came here around 1030pm so it wasn't that packed. Still had to wait and make sure our whole party was present before getting seated.
The oysters were quite delish. I don't know if I can eat a whole dozen since it's quite buttery and oily. But the 2 pcs I ate were very good. 
Also tried the jambalaya and the gumbo. It was pretty good. But a bit overpriced since the the dishes were really small. 
Service was pretty good. They seem to have a good system running the business since it gets super crowded. Saw this place when we passed Bourbon and everyone said this place was a must try!The chargrilled oysters were good, but the cheese overpowered the other flavors. The ettoufee didn't have much seafood in it. The fried crawfish tails were salty and thickly battered.Chargrilled oysters...you dang right! This was perfect for lunch. And I couldn't have asked for a better introduction to oysters than the chargrilled bad boys from the Acme Oyster House.All you need to know: grilled oysters! Need I say more????
We ordered two dozen and were in and out in less than 30 minutes. If you want to beat the crowd, get there before 6p.Absolutely the first place to eat when you get here, since you don't want to risk the chance of missing it.   Definitely get the fried stuff:  my wife, who is not a seafood eater, even enjoyed the catfish.   (She had the sampler, and everything on that was good too)I knew this place was going to be good after seeing how long the lines were. With that being said, I'm so glad that I waited! 
The food was absolutely delicious. Here's what I got:
-seafood gumbo (amazing with chunks of seafood and andouille sausage)
-peacemaker poboy (delicately fried oyster and tender gulf shrimp with a spicy tabasco remolaude)
This service was a bit slow which is expected because of how packed the place was, but overall great experience!Had the crawfish po-boy and it was DELICIOUS. Service was pretty fast for it to be so busy.Only ordered two things: 1) oyster shooters; and 2) raw oysters on the half shell. The shooters were ok, but the raw oysters were very fresh. We sat at the oyster bar and watched our oyster shucked before our eyes. The staff is lively and the vibe is very funManager did not want to accommodate our larger party; borderline rude. Lost my business forever.Raw oysters were delicious, but not worth waiting in line for.  I was most looking forward to the char-grilled oysters and they were tasty in that they had a super butter-garlic flavor.  Could  you tell that there was an oyster in there?  Not really as the oyster shrivels to nothing in the shell, and the best part sopping up the juices with your bread.
Otherwise, pretty standard New Orleans standards.  The shrimp gumbo didn't actually have any shrimp in it.  I guess that counts as a complaint thought the flavor was good.  The red beans and rice were above average though I preferred Popeye's so . . .
On a final note the crawpuppies were delicious as seemingly all the fried foods are done well.  In any case there ain't no magic being performed here.  Fresh, raw oysters done well and points for the historic nature of the business (since 1910).The wait wasn't bad for the two of us during the weekday. I thought Acme had the best chargrilled oysters after tasting it from quite a few places during our trip. 
Their oyster poboys leave something to be desired though.First of all, expect a LONG wait. It was about 45 min for us. But we chatted with some nice folks while in line. Now onto the food:
1. Raw oysters were delicious. The horseradish sauce had a very surprising strong kick and we were tearing up by our third Oyster. 
2. Crab cake. Really good size and full of flavor. I felt the corn complimented the cake very nicely. 
3. Watermelon-nini, was a nice "girly drink". Pretty sweet. 
4. Boo fries. Oh EM GEE. So bomb! It was fries with either pulled pork or pulled beef with gravy and cheese. It was fantastic! 
5. Chargrilled oysters. This was what we waited in line for 45 min for. We were greedy and ordered a dozen and a half (18). It was yummy and the burnt cheese was surprisingly delicious but after a while it just got too salty. 
All in all the food was good. Food came out a little too slow in my opinion. Service was decent. Like others have said, they kind of want to just rush you in and out. But they're definitely still friendly though. I liked it, just don't know if I'd wait 45 min to an hour for it again.We went to Acme about 5pm, there was a small line but we're seated with in 15 minutes.  Staff was nice,  waiter was good, always checked on us. The food was awesome,  had charbroiled oysters, poo fries,  and etofee. I could've eaten 2 dozen oysters! Great food, great atmosphere! Will come back againBelieve the hype -- the chargrilled oysters are best things we ate on our trip! Highly recommended. Don't leave here without trying them.
The line is long, but it moves quick.After wandering around the Quarter for some time, we stumbled upon Acme, and thought Hey! Lunch! Brilliant! We should have kept walking.
I don't get what all the hype is about. Drinks took forever coming from the bar, and they were pretty weak to boot. We ordered a dozen oystersto start, what came to the table was 10.5,with chips of shell in most of them. On the New Orleans sampler, the gumbo wasn't really edible, with any amount of various hot sauces; the red beans and rice were bland, and the jambalaya and sausage were pretty good.The Peace maker Po-boy, I'll hand it to them, delicious! Great flavor, and very generous on the portion.
Service was spotty at best, and it took a while to get our check, and then the credit card run. And when we looked at our bill, instead  of being charged for a dozen oysters (10.5) we were charge for a dozen & 1/2dozen.
Fame i do not think has been very good to these guys. Stick to the mom and pop shopsHad read about this place before our trip as a good place to eat. We were walking around and stumbled upon it and perfect timing because it was about to storm. It was 3:30 on Memorial Day. We waited outside in a very short line to be called in . Place was loud and packed. Took a little bit for waitress to come to table but that was ok because it gave us plenty of time to decide because lots of good menu choices. Our table ordered 1/2 oyster po boy and chicken gumbo . Chicken gumbo had a little spice and smoke taste. Oyster po boy was good would have liked it to have liked to have it fully dressed like when you order the whole sandwich. 
Also ordered 1/2 crayfish tail po boy and regular gumbo also good bread a little tuff.
We made a good choiceApparently, this place is where to go for dinner in new orleans. It was so busy!
The raw oysters were okay, but the fried oysters were awesome. We had to get some extra orders because they were so good. I got one of the po boy's, and it was pretty good. Nothing to write home about.We visited AcmeOyster House today. Service was good, food was delicious. My favorite appetizer was charbroiled oysters. Those were grilled otters with the garlic sauce.   The raw oysters tasted good too.Went here for dinner....No line(around 5pm weekday). You get a fair amount of food. We had the crab cakes, seafood gumbo(this was tasteless)..fried seafood platter, this was ok...you do get a big platter with lots of food...The bread pudding was good. Drinks were very good.
Worth a visit!!!Due to the amount of people that want to eat here, the line was a good size and took about 45 minutes to get inside. It was rowdier inside than on the street. This place gets a 5 because of the oysters and the poboys. All are amazing. Service was a little slow due to the amount of people walking around and the hectic atmosphere but nothing to worry about. 
The fried soft shell crab was the only thing that I probably would not get again. Wasnt as crispy as I would have imagined but with all the other choices on the menu, no need to ever order it! 
Great food, great atmosphere, and most of all AWESOME OYSTERS!Draggo's and Acme are my two favorite places for oysters in the big easy. I can't make up my mind but Acme is a great place for great seafood. Every time I go to New Orleans I make sure and visit Acme!
GO!Good service, generous drinks, EXCELLENT oysters, prompt service. No complaints, will probably always stop by here for a dozen oysters. (FYI: Line is long...place is busy!)Staff was friendly, raw oyster was good, "charred" oysters were better, gumbo was good.  Overall relatively cheap, relatively yummy, conveniently located, and casual enough to suit me.This was the best oyster bar in town! And I don't even eat oysters Lol HOWEVER Hollywood got me to try both raw and charbroiled and let me tell you those charbroiled oysters were AMAZING!Loved this place! Get the oysters! Fresh and chargrilled! They were so affordable, fresh, and delicious! The chargrilled ones were covered in delicious cheese. We'll dream about these goodies. 
Shrimp ettouffe was amazing as well. :)Went on a friday at about 5:00pm. That's when the line was just beginning to form. Probably about 5-10 parties by then. Didn't have to wait too long. Maybe 15-30 minutes? 
So you go in. It's cramped, its crowded. Tables are shoved in places that they really shouldn't be. I get it. They're famous, they're busy, they need to accommodate. 
Everyone says to sit at the bar. I beg to differ. Those people shucking the oysters? Do it extremely slowly. They look like they just held an oyster for the first time that day. Really awkward movements and the like. Not that much of a show. Also much messier. 
Waitress? In the beginning she was constantly harping on us to order more. "No, that's definitely not enough." Things like that. It was really rude. If I wanna walk in there and order a drink and walk out its not her business. 
The oysters? Not fresh. I don't know if I went on a bad day or something. But they were definitely not fresh. Also, there were pieces of the shell in the oyster. Almost broke one of my teeth on it. Not very professional at all. Chargrilled oysters were better because you couldn't taste that they weren't fresh. 
ACME susnet drink. Was one of the better things I ordered. A little strong, though. 
1/2 and 1/2 seafood platter with shrimp and fish. Expensive! For that price, I thought I'd get this hugeeee plate. I'd say that that plate would feed one VERY hungry person or 2 very full people. The taste was alright but nothing to die for. $15 and up for that quality of a platter? I'd rather go to some chain restaurant. 
Bread pudding was really the best thing that I ordered. Although they did put a little too much whiskey. Alcohol is a nice thing to have in desserts. But everything in moderation, right?Ate here two different times and personally had a great experience. Chargrilled oysters were extra buttery and flavorful, the New Orleans Melody contained all the flavors one thinks of when they think of New Orleans, and the specialty drinks were on point! Great people watching spot from the second deck. I had to give it 1 less star because my friend got food poisoning (guessing it was a bad oyster). Stuff happens! :(So fresh！
love the chargrilled oyster！
What a memory in LA！NBA ACME and cafe monde
And also XXXX XX
I don't think I will revisit in short time but I will do so.Their barbequed oysters are great!  We also really liked the fried fish platter with the swai fillets.  Their coleslaw is excellent.  Try the buffallo style hot sauce.   Well worth the waitCharbroiled oysters are a must try. The line wasn't to long During the weekday. Loved them so much busted them twice on my weeklong trip. I had also costed Dragos and prefer those hit these are just as great! Also tried the shrimp and oyster poboy and that was delicious too! The bartender, I forgot his name (long dreads) was great, attentive , funny and welcoming to tourists:)It's our 3rd day in N'Awlins and my husband keeps telling me we have to go back to get more oysters here. I don't eat oysters but I hope this gives you an idea of how delicious they are. My husband got them charbroiled and he is still dreaming about them.
Anyhoo, I would've given this place 5 stars except I had a very mediocre po'boy (shrimp and catfish). The shrimp were tiny (almost bay sized)! and the catfish was just ok. I think Uncle Darrow's in LA is much, much better!GO EAT HERE!! I went to a fancy restaurant last night and then found Acme to be way better. The Seafood Etouffee is outta control. It was so great. Do yourself a favor and eat it. 
Also get the Banana Cheesecake. I know, I thought it sounded weird too, but it's supposed to be a NOLA thing, and equally amazing was the this dessert. Also highly recommended. Have fun on Bourbon Street after!Definitely order the dozen Chargrilled Oyster! My husband only ordered half dozen then after tasting the first oyster wanted to order more We also had Seafood Etouffee, New Orleans Sampler (Chicken Gumbo, Jambalaya, Beans&Rice, Sausage), Pound of Boiled Crawfish and Fried Crawfish Tails my husband had beer and I had wine... It was an Amazing Dinner!!! that We forgot about the 30 minute wait outside in the Pouring rainand Thunderstorm!!! It was worth the wait!!!Wow the food was amazing and the service was equally outstanding! Next time I'm visiting town I'll surely be stopping in here for another bite to eat.Fresh raw oysters and boiled crawfish - simply delicious! The queue may be long sometimes but it goes pretty quickly, it's worth the wait. Will definitely come back again when in town, IMO the best fresh oyster house in town!Huge ice cold oysters and beer.  
Shucking tends to be a little sloppy...but I think it has alot to do with how busy Acme is.
Draw back: Very touristy and long waits for tables.
Try Rémoulade on Bourbon.This is the ONLY place to go for grilled oysters in NOLA and believe me, I've done a healthy sampling. The line is RIDICULOUSLY long (up to an hour and they don't let you order drinks from inside... stupid for business since you just have someone in your party go grab one from 21st Amendment across the street or Mango Mango, depending on your preference).  But if you go in a smaller group (2-3) and are flexible with seating at the bar, you can get seated in under 15 min (and we were there at 8 on a Sat night). I didn't care for the rest of their food but their oysters are on point!We went there twice. The first time the line is so long that we gave up after waiting about 45 minutes. The second time, we went there in the afternoon and fortunately we just waited 15 minutes. The oyster is ok, fresh but nothing special. The red bean and seafood gumbo are small. The platter is good. In a word, this restaurant is not worthy its reputation.Came here shortly after 4:00 on a Tuesday & were seated immediately.  Ordered the charbroiled oysters(6) & they were divine.  Had the oysters at a more upscale restaurant a few days ago which did not compare to Acme.  My husband had the turkey po boy & he really enjoyed it. I had the shrimp platter with fries & a side of potato salad. The potato salad was good but the shrimp were the best I've ever had. Large shrimp that are fried perfectly!  Portions are plentiful. I asked for a side of the boom boom sauce to dip my shrimp.  You cannot miss Acme Oyster House if you are hungry for a great meal. Service was top notch too!Much like everyone says, the wait into this place wasn't that long, especially since we arrived around 5:30pm. The staff was friendly, but they were not the most attentive. We waited long for our drinks let alone our entries. Customers who were seated after us even had their orders taken and received their food before us. The Chargrilled Oysters were a little on the salty side. The first three were good, but any afterwards was too much for my palate to handle. Perhaps, it's a taste preference, but no one else in my party of four liked it that much. The word is Coup's is much better. I will update my review after I get a chance to compare.Group of 13 on a Wednesday night. Y'all. This is NOT the place for groups. Or if you want even remotely quick service. They would only split our bill 3 ways AND would only take a maximum of 3 credit cards for the order. What kind of BS is that?!! 
The server brought out our bill and had us write beside what we ordered which check it should be put on. So imagine 13 people taking their turn marking down what they ate on the bill. THEN brought back the 3 bills and we had to figure out who owed what on THAT bill. Thankfully we had cash!! 
I ordered the shrimp platter. Asked the server if I could get onion rings. Would've gladly paid an up-charge. He said no. I thought he was being sarcastic, but he wasn't. He literally said he's not allowed to make that substitution. WTH seriously?? What kind of restaurant doesn't allow substitutions?? 
My shrimp platter was average. Reminded me of Popeyes fast food shrimp. The Boo fries were surprisingly good. I was drinking Hurricanes. They were $9 each. Not worth it. I'm not a heavy drinker. I had three hurricanes and barely had a buzz. 
The server was very slow and didn't seem to care if we were happy with anything. 
Best part?? An 18% tip was automatically added to the bill. Ordinarily I would have no problem with the tip being included, but our server was more along the lines of 10% gratuity. 
If I'm ever back in nola, I won't be visiting Acme again. Nothing about this dining experience is worth repeating.My friends and I visited New Orleans for three days, and two of those we went to Acme for dinner. We split an order of a dozen chargrilled oysters and I got the seafood etouffe. The food was spectacular!  The prices are a bit above average, with my small etouffe being $8.99, but it's worth every penny! The first night we waited 10 minutes for a table, and the next night we waited 40 minutes, both were for a table of five. On the list of places to visit in New Orleans, Acme is now right up on my list with Cafe du Monde!Wow fantastic food great service.  PoBoy and Gumbo were great but Chargrilled Oysters were the best I've ever had.I've lived in NoLA for a year now and while other places can come to close to their chargrilled oysters, Acme is still the best. Casamentos is second.Heaven!  I swear to you!  When you come here expect a wait and be patient.  They don't split checks here!  
I got the Soft Shell Crab and it was to die for.  Literally, you can eat the entire crab, including the shell!  I also tried the famous oysters and whooo.  It's a party in your mouth.  We also got the Fried Piece Maker Po Boy and it comes with hush puppies that were amazing!  
My BF and I sat in the back table and I was fearful that service would suck and thankfully decent service.Incredibly long wait but for good reason. We went in the late afternoon, and there was still a long wait! If you're a party of two, you've got a better shot at getting in more quickly. Friendly staff! Recommend: The grilled oysters and the medley sampler are a fantastic way to start.You MUST get the boo fries. Their roast beef gravy is one of the tastiest I've EVER had ... and I pride myself on being a french fries with cheese/gravy (aka: disco fries) connoisseur. 
My boyfriend got the oyster shooters which looked awesome although I can't say I sampled. He enjoyed them.
We shared a fried shrimp platter with hush puppies and the trio that included gumbo, jambalaya, rice/beans and a smoked sausage link. Everything was very flavorful. The gumbo really stood out for me.
Decent prices, nice menu, friendly staff. There's always a line, but it's definitely worth the wait. A must try!!!So, my friend and I went to Nola for my birthday. After asking Mr. Google where and what we should eat, we were told Acme Oyster House numerous times for Chargrilled Oysters. I would say we both have eaten oysters probably 5 times in our lives and decided cooked only from the very first time. I'm not a big oyster fan, is what I'm saying. But these Chargrilled Oysters were amazinggg. We ordered the Oysters and an appetizer sampler that included Red beans & Rice, Gumbo, Jambalaya, and sausage. And of course, Hurricanes. It was all great, but those Oysters are the real star. TRY THE OYSTERS EVEN IF YOU'RE NOT AN OYSTER FAN!Chargrilled Oysters are great. and I loved the shrimp Po-boy sandwich. A must go if your in New Orleans.Have visited every trip to NOLA. I love the food but definitely appreciate the service! All the guys shucking were great! Sometimes it's a pretty long wait but it's worth it once you get in.Hands down !! Best oyster we've ever had!!simple food ! Fresh! U should come and checkout this place! There is a line ! But they are fast !Best oysters I've had anywhere.  Worth the wait and lives up to the hype.  If you've got the patience, or the line is short, don't pass it up.  Friendly and prompt staff.Good spot for seafood.
Always a long line with tourists.Great place to get acquainted with the Big Easy. Food is downhome good and tasty. Service is friendly and with a swag. Definite a keeper. Every time we come we end here. If you come here don't be in a hurry, there's always a line.If you want good food & a friendly vibe, this place is the place to go! Right off Bourbon Street. There is usually a line but it's worth it. The char oysters are a MUST!Back in the 1990's this was my first restaurant in the French Quarter, and I have returned to this wonderful spot on most of my return visits. This year, even though we went on a Monday afternoon, we had to sit at the counter, and lucky for that. I had an oyster shot with vodka and a hurricane, and lots of first rate seafood. We were served by the man behind the counter shucking the oysters and keeping up cheerful banter with us and the other guests. Authentic New Orleans in the best sense of the term.Normally a long wait, but we passed by at lunch and there was no line, so we ducked in.  Sat at the bar, the bar keep was delightful and a dry wit to boot.  We had the gumbo and charbroiled oysters. Both very good.The place was not that good! We had to wait  an hour to be seated with a group of 10, they kept seating smaller groups first and we could see empty tables. Inside was very loud and you had to yell to talk to the person across from you. The food was just ok. The seafood gumbo had very little actual seafood and no flavor. The fried oyster were good and the fried seafood platter was ok.It was my best food in New Orleans. Great; I will highly recommended. Grilled Oysters so goodHad the best meal at acme oyster house. The hour wait in line was worth it. The only pitfall was sharing a large table with a rude, dizzy girl that thought she would give her unsolicited opinion on our order and said 'oooo you ordered oysters. They taste like chewing on dirty socks.' I'm glad My boyfriend told her 'so do you chew on dirty socks often.'Man...hands down THE BEST CHARGRILLED OYSTERS EVERRRR!  Everyone raves about this place so I had to check it out.  Now I understand why!
The oysters were amazing but the rest of my food was just "eh."  Mostly fried food on the menu and though it tasted pretty good it was nothing to race about.  
The staff was friendly and attentive even with the restaurant being fairly busy.  I hear this place gets super busy so if you're not into long wait times, check Google for best times to go.
Definitely a must eat while in NO.  I'll be back for more oysters for sure!Char grilled oysters are delicious. Smothered in butter and Parmesan. The raw oysters are Pristine as well. Then we had the peacemaker po boy their signature dish. Fried shrimp and fried oysters with a spicy roumalade sauce. Also had the sampler with andouille seafood étouffée red beans and rice and jambalaya. Étouffée was eh red beans eh. The rest was bomb. Def a NOLA must goThis would be put on my list of "if you've tried it once then that's good enough." 
Their raw oysters are a lot better than their charbroiled oysters, personally
I visited in the winter when it was windy and freezing so there wasn't really a line *high five*
I don't know if people go here after getting drunk on bourbon street (which is why it's so highly rated) but I've had better oysters than at this "oyster house." 
On the bright side, the environment is fun and the service is good!Was not the biggest fan of slimy oysters... until i went to the Acme Oyster House! There are all kinds of toppings on all kinds of oysters. 
Went back after 5 years and loved it. Ordered the chargrilled oysters, the fried peacemaker poboy - with fried oysters and shrimp and Tabasco mayo! - and had a New Orleans bread pudding to top it off. Fantastic stuff!!Let's get this out of the way first. YES it is a tourist trap. No doubt about it. Keeping that in mind, it doesn't take away from fact that food and service is good(Thank you, Morris!). My wife and I have been here in the past and have yet to have a bad experience. 
I suggest trying the Chargrilled Oysters and the BOOM BOOM Shrimp.
We also suggest that you try the Shrimp Po'Boy with Tabasco infused mayo. 
All of the above and more are worth trying at this tourist trap.Woa! This place is scrumptious! Had the oysters and po boy sandwich. I could eat this every day!Food was delicious! Best Po Boy ever! Had the Oyster Rockafeller soup...which was very good...but a tad salty.  Would have given this place another star....but the waitress was a little surly..and not so nice.  Oh....and the Bloody Marys rock here!The only place in the city I go to for charbroiled oysters. They're just Simply the best! The line seems long but it goes real fast and it is totally worth the wait even if it's raining. If you are in the French Quarter this is where you have to go.The line was very long, but it moved very quickly.  We sat at the bar.
The raw oysters were really good and plump!  The charbroiled oysters were very decadent, but delicious.  I think they were too heavy for me though, so I'll stick to the raw oysters next time.
The craw puppies were tasty, with a kick to them.
The jambalaya was excellent!
Our server, Pam, was very friendly and helpful.We were told acme has the best oysters and be prepared to wait. The line was very long but our party of five were called inside after only 30 minutes. We decided to try all appetizers and love the crawballs and fried crab claws. The most popular chargrilled oysters were large and juicy but rather bland. The boom shrimp we pretty good and the gravy fries were good if you like that sort of thing. Not a place I will try twice. Too many truly great places in NOLA.The oysters weren't as good as I remembered. I came in Monday lunch second time around and took advantage that there was no line at that moment. The oysters were smaller and tasted different.I missed the opportunity to eat here the first time I was in NOLA. So, I didn't mind the forty minute wait to get in. We sat at the bar near the door, so we got to talk to the guy shucking the oysters. Good convo. Good vibe. The dozen grilled oysters and gumbo was worth the wait and I'm looking forward to going again.I have been to many Acme locations, on many occasions, and have sampled much of their menu. As a native of New Orleans, I highly recommend Acme to anyone, tourist or local. You will find both sorts of guest eating there on any given day.
Acme is know for their charbroiled oysters. After you've sampled them plain, try them with the green Tabasco sauce, or another green, jalapeno-based hot sauce. If you don't like oysters at all, Acme has much other New Orleans cuisine to offer. Of course they serve good gumbo and excellent poor boys.
In my mind, Acme will always be paired with Drago's restaurant, and I certainly recommend Drago's as well. In fact, Drago's retains a certain mystique that Acme is at least perceived to lack. For many years, Drago's had only a single location. It was located in a near suburb of New Orleans, and thus had to subsist almost entirely on local business. As a result, Drago's is more of a part of local New Orleans culture than is Acme.
Acme, from its beginning, had a sort of financial head start on Drago's, due to its downtown location. Acme has not sat on its laurels, though. Rather, it has kept pace with Drago's as menus have been honed and expectations raised. I do not hesitate to rate Acme "5 star."New Orleans has so many oyster houses that put acme to shame. The place is decent but doesn't deserve the publicity it receives. For a place just as good and without all the lines and hype hop next door to Felix's.I am very repulsed by the service that I received from the manager Raymond. Once myself and my guest were seated at the bar,Raymond walked up behind the two of us and told us that we had to get up, placed two menus and utensils down in front of me before I could even get up, and told us to move down to the other end of the bar. I proceeded to let him know that I did not appreciate the way that we were being treated and told him that I was a customer and going to be paying my hard earned money just as everyone else. He then proceeded to tell me "actually you're not." I was extremely appalled by that remark and the fact that it had come from a manager's mouth, a person that is trusted to run a business and provide the highest degree of customer service. For that reason alone I will never step foot into that restaurant again. I work in the tourism industry and will never refer a soul to that place only because of his disgusting behavior.I pray that no one else has to experience what I did.Was amazing. We got there about 430 pm for dinner on a Friday night. Had to wait about 20 mins which wasn't bad at all. Chargrilled oysters were amazing. Horseradish sauce....delish. at our table we had the crawfish etouffee, crawfish po'boy, and sampler.  All delish!My family is currently in New Orleans for our first time and the restaurant we decided to have dinner at was the Acme Oyster House. First thing we noticed was a line forming outside so we get in line. It was chilly outside and we were standing there with our 1 year old and 4 year old and the person working the front noticed right away and pulled us out of line and seated us right away. The line was pretty long so he clearly seated us so that our children didn't have to stand outside in the cold. From that gesture to the service inside was outstanding. Besides the service the food was amazing as well. We had the chargrilled oysters as an appetizer, I had the New Orleans sampler that came with jambalaya, gumbo, beans with rice, and a sausage, and my wife had the seafood gumbo which was all amazing. I highly recommend this place and will definitely come back the next time we are in New Orleans.I love acme poboys. And I would love to eat one this evening. However, don't count on actually getting your food after you order it at the Harrah's Casino. After waiting 30 minutes I asked about my food and they had not a clue where it was. The cashier and the cooks both seemed dumbfounded as to what the order was or where it was. Which none of that got me my food. I'm actually still standing here right now waiting for it - it's been 45 minutes now (now 1:10 am) and I see no chance of getting my food. It would be lovely to actually get the food I paid for. But that's not in my future. So I'll just continue writing this until it arrives. Which could be a while, so let's talk about something else. The weather here has been amazing this week. I can't believe it's March!Very good... Prefer the raw ousters,  but do try the charbroiled.  Beers in plastic cups?  Really ?  Come on...Great and reliable! I always try to come here when I'm in the Big Easy. It's a great experience sitting at the bar and enjoying oysters and beer.The line moves fast, customer service is awesome. The food is well seasoned and the Char grilled oysters are the best I've ever tasted.I'm not a big fan of oysters but gave the chargrilled oysters a try and they were great. The potatoe salad was the best and the fried platter was goodAwesome food and worth the wait/hype!  You've gotta try the chargrilled oysters!  Seafood platter with white fish (not catfish) and shrimp was also excellent. Lady next to us loved the beans and rice and the jambalaya so much she ordered two more to go!  Will always come back if I visit Nola!Char grilled oysters... oh my!! I have had them elsewhere in the big easy but here st Acme it just brings me right on in!
The atmosphere is not pretentious like some places and the down home feel and red checkered vinyl table clothes scream be at home and just enjoyLine took over 45 min to get in; had equally good meals at The newly reopened Oyster Factory and at Deannie's, both around the corner.  Excellent oysters and fried shrimp, food really good; quarters incredibly cramped and the place fully packed all the time makes for a very specific atmosphere.  Come here to say you did, but it wasn't better than the others mentioned, just exactly as good and a LOT more crowded.It was a rainy night in NOLA, but the line to get in to Acme was still long.  We chatted up a nice guy from California (yes, they do exist!) who was kind enough to share his umbrella with me.  (Handsome Man was too tall to fit under it with us, but he didn't mind.  He's sweet that way.)  We had heard wonderful things about Acme and Mr. Cali assured us that they were true.  He had been in town for a few days and had eaten at Acme multiple times.
The line moved pretty quickly and we got our table and set about sampling from the menu.  Handsome Man started with 1/2 doz raw oysters and they were beautiful.  I started with some gumbo since it was cold and wet outside and we shared the famous Boo Fries.  We also shared a crab cake platter which was pretty good.  I finally got around to ordering the chargrilled oysters.  Why, why, why did I not order these first?!  Rich, hot, zesty and oh so delicious!  (Exactly how I like my men!)  I wanted to stay the rest of the night and eat these by the dozen, but I was already too full from our menu meanderings.  Tragedy.  We never got a chance to go back during this trip, but Acme will be my first stop the next time I'm in NOLA.  I dream about these chargrilled oysters...."What I've got, ya gotta get it put it in you." - Anthony Kiedis, Red Hot Chili Peppers.  
And if you have any room left over, you're also gonna want to put everything on the menu Acme Oyster House in you as well.
Here's the blueprint for how to get this place done right:
#1 - Get your group on the line that forms outside (don't be intimidated, it moves quicker than you'd expect)
#2 - Dispatch two members of your group to buy 36 oz street beers 
#3 - Drink said beers while you wait on line for the next 20-30 minutes.  
#4 - Get seated/immediately order 2 pounds of crawfish (i.e. "Crawdaddies") for each person in your group.  Crack, peel, snarf.  
#5 - Ask your waiter what the fastest "15 dozen oysters" record time is.  You'll be floored, then disgusted, and then you'll incredulously do the math for the next 15 minutes before realizing that some people in this world truly ARE sick.  
#6 - Get the Jambalaya.  I had 5 bowls of Jamba down in NoLa and this was the best.  
#7 - Encourage the people in your group (who you don't want to come out after dinner) to order the New Orleans Bread Pudding.  Game/set/match. Night over.  
#8 - Go back to your hotel and shower.  
#9 - No seriously.  
#10 - Leave butt-kissing compliment on my Yelp page for making your NoLa trip.Came here in the middle of a Sunday when the Saints were in town and was able to be seated immediately. We had a stroller and the staff went out of their way to find us the perfect able and fast! There were plenty of TVs to watch the game and the service was great.
We had the crawfish (which come fried) PoBoy and hush puppies. It was excellent! The portions were decent size and it came out very quickly. We were actually in a bit of a hurry so this worked out well. We got the check and was in and out in about 45 minutes.Loved this place so much.  We had never had oysters before and we got the chargrilled- they are excellent!  The food was wonderful and our server was great.  It is worth the wait in line!I went here on 1/2/2012 for dinner with my husband. We did have to wait in a line outside and a lady came by and took our names and party number. They started seating people at the back of the line who had larger groups. None of us thought that was fair. I don't think I have ever been somewhere and they seat people who got there after you. 
I ordered the New Orleans Melody. The jambalaya was awesome and so was the grilled smoked sausage. I would totally eat that again. The red beans and rice was good, but it just tasted normal. The gumbo was okay,not my fav, but it served its purpose. 
My husband ordered the fried stuffed crab platter. I didn't try it but he said it was really good. He got a side of fries and hush puppies. The hush puppies were awesome. Nice and fried. 
Not a bad place to eat, just super crowded.Great fresh oysters - not the tastiest, but fleshy and fresh. I'm a raw seafood buff, but the chargrilled oysters are a must.Our family trip to New Orleans was great.  The Cajuns know how to eat.  Acme Oyster Bar has been recommended to us several times.  I believe it was a little over hyped.  The grilled oysters get 5 big stars.  Everything else was pretty good.  I did not feel it was overpriced especially given its locations.  The only big negative was they did make us wait outside in the cool for at least 30 minutes. I know their busy but that part was not a lot of fun.  Overall they get 4 stars just for the oysters alone.Well it's definitly touristy.  Yes ok the oysters are good.  But honestly I've had better.  If you want to have really good table service, then don't go here.  They really are the worst.  Sit at the bar, you will get your food alot quicker.  It's always crowded in here, swimming with tourists.  If you want good oysters, seriously go anywhere else in the quarter they are just as good.  And you will probably get better service somewhere else.  I would say that this place is a tourist trap.A-MA-ZING. The chargrilled oysters are so good! Everything we had was also good, (shrimp po boys, red beans and rice, hush puppies.) In fact, it was the best food we ate while in New Orleans. Can't wait to eat here again!So not worth the wait. Found this place on yelp but it is a tourist trap. The chargrilled oysters werent that great. We've had better at Frankie & Johnnys. I also got the etouffe which I wasnt happy about either. The place is not nice, people are stuffed next to each other.Just alright place to grab lunch at. We opted to have po-boys and not oysters like everyone else we saw come to the restaurant. The place was busy and there was a line to get seated but it moved pretty fast. However it took a long time for a waiter to get our order and then bring us our food. The food was just alright but just not worth the long wait inside a packed and loud restaurant.Meh. Chargrilled oysters can't hold a candle to Cochon.  Acme's are covered in cheese, I just think seafood and cheese don't mix (tuna melt is only exception) The smell of old fry oil hits you when you walk in.  Gumbo very salty.  Lime in my cocktail was brown around edges. Touristy quarter hangout.  Superior was way better.I'm kinda glad I came here before heading out to Bourbon street because I probably would have never made it here with all that booze. The only time I've ever had oysters have always been raw which really seem like giant boogers. After trying them grilled for the first time, I can say that I like boogers, especially the grilled sorta kind. If you go to Acme you must try this. This dish was so delicious that I can't even remember all the other stuff I ordered, and I was sober!I've been both to Acme and Felix's across the street, when you see the line outside of Acme-it's for a reason. While it does has a more touristy vibe, the staff is incredibly friendly and makes you feel welcome. Their chargrilled oysters are what I'll be dreaming about for ages, the balance in flavor is absolute perfection for oyster lovers and haters alike. Will be sure to come back next time I'm in town.yes!!! acme charbroiled oysters came 2 the table bubbling hot & soft shell crab po boy 4 late night vacation dinner!!! gave TWO stars for the looong wait in the stinky street & waiter acting annoyed by our presence?!? #foodie #foodgasm #foodporn #instafood #drinkgasm #eatpraylovejourney2015 #praisethelord #essencefest2015 #partywithapurpose2015 #bringthelove #creole4theweekend #blessedandhighlyfavored #favoraintfair #maygeminis #dontwasteyourpretty #acmeoysterhouseneworleansOK, it a long wait and there are other oyster bars in NOLA but they are not The Acme Oyster House.  I arrived at about 7:30 or so and got in line.  I had the fortune of having a very nice young lady from London get in line behind me which helped pass the time.  We had a very nice conversation while waiting and ended up having dinner together at the bar. We each had chicken/andouille  gumbo and a dozen oysters.  The gumbo had a nice smoky taste and was well made. The oysters were just plain good.Absolutely delicious with a fun atmosphere and excellent location.  The prices were fair and the service is quick and really very knowledgeable.Yum! My favorite meal on our food tour of new Orleans :) we got oysters, chargrilled and raw, seafood étouffée with a side of fried crawfish tails and 2 oyster shooters. We tried Felix's the night before... And this place wins for atmosphere, service, and drinks! Delicious variety. Please make a stop here if you ever get the chance to visit NOLA!Always a great place for lunch!  We were there for breakfast...and devoured oysters.  Yum!  Never a disappointing meal at Acme!We go to New Orleans once or twice every year & this is the first restaurant we "always go to" when we get there. Although there is usually a long line believe me it is worth the wait. 
There are no words that truly describe how great their chargrilled oysters are!!
When in New Orleans, you definitely need to go to this restaurant!!I absolutely loved the food I have zero complaints about that. Obviously the lines are ridiculously long and therefore the time you will wait to be seated is just as long. I waited 2 hours to be exact. The reason why I'm knowing three stars out is because I personally saw when a couple who had not been standing in line was walked inside as soon as they arrived. I saw how the male shook hands with the doorman. Sorry but the entire line witnessed that!!! Me personally while I stood in heels for 2 hours!! That is NOT okay. I understand if you have a connection or whatever but they should have been discreet about and I'm sure no manager or owner would have been okay with that. It was terrible and it made me very upset.Alright, you can say that this place is full of tourists because of the really long lines or you can wait and have a great meal. The chargrilled oysters are out of this world with their lemony,buttery, and garlicky goodness. Jambalaya was very good too. Stick around, it's worth it.This place always has a wait so be prepared. However, once you get inside you'll see why! We sat at the bar for a quick lunch and were pleasantly surprised. I ordered the soft shell crab po boy and my friend ordered the chicken po boy with seafood gumbo. Unbelievably good!
The service was good as it usually is in New Orleans. The decor is nothing to rave about, it has a bar feel with a bar and then dining area that is closely crammed together but the appeal of this place is the food, not the decor. 
For some authentic New Orleans style food, make this restaurant a priority. It was also inexpensive. I think our check came to about $40. Enjoy!Sorry, this place didn't do it for me. I stopped by on a whim after seeing the line. The place must be good, right?
The various staff I dealt with was very curt. This is not something I've dealt with when visiting Nola.
But the real kicker were the subpar oysters. They upsold me on getting charbroiled instead of raw. Maybe chargrilling oysters makes them shrink, but these things were rather small at $2 a pop. I didn't care for the parmesan/butter/whatever sauce they were smothered in. Too salty and sapped all the oyster flavor away.
I also got a half shrimp half fish poboy. The fried fish was paper thing. There was more breadcrumb than fish. The shrimp was also on the skimpy side. All in all, $30 and I felt like I just ate a bunch of salty, fried bread.
Boo.I wanted to try this Oyster Bar to compare with my favorite.  They were very busy, so naturally I thought this was a good sign.  We had to wait in line outside for about a half hour...not bad at all.  We received our order in a timely manner.  The chargrilled oyster were excellent...comparable to my favorite if not better.  The Gumbo was good but I should've added crawfish.  The big disappointment was with the jambalaya.  I knew as soon as it came to the table.  It was cold and dry.  Chef questioned whether we had Jambalaya before.  Not a professional but it shouldn't be cold and that dry.  Overall, service was pretty good and the rest of what we ordered was great, just be cautious of the Jambalaya!It took literally 30 minutes to get inside for just two people.........but to be honest it was completely worth the wait everything that I tried was fantastic and our server was so helpful i highly recommend this place if you are in or around the French Quarters,grab a drink and wait in line!!!! Pics posted on what i hadIt is touristy and crowded but I loved the oysters and you can't beat the location (just off bourbon st). Expect a bar atmosphere, great oysters and a cold beer. Nothing fancy.We came in on a Sunday.  The Saints were playing at home, the streets were quiet and we beat the crazy lines that usually snake down the block. 
We shared a dozen of the Chargrilled Oysters.  They came out sizzling with a cap of golden melted cheese on top.  The oysters were good but the could've been shucked a bit better.  There were definitely traces of shell in a few of mine. Meh...
I ordered a bowl of the sea food gumbo.  The base flavor was ok.  The seafood was pretty skimpy mostly shrimp meat with a few shreds of crab.  For the price I'm not sure what I expected.
A couple of friends ordered the 1/2 and 1/2 platter to share.  It came with fried fish and fried oysters.  The plate was huge filled to the edge with golden fried goodness.  All four of us ended up having to chip in to finish it.  We didn't mind.
We also had the fried crab claws.  They were cute and fun to eat. Especially with beer (Abita Amber) and a game on the big screen. 
We were so taken with the Chargrilled oysters from Sunday we decided to venture back for another dozen on Monday.  The restaurant was much quieter.  The oysters were cleaned perfectly this time.  I could eat a dozen of these by myself.  We wished for a little more bread for sopping the drippings (I know so bad and I don't care) it's probably for the best that there wasn't more. 
Avoid the rush hour for oysters and you'll be fine.After being extremely disappointed in the food and service from the Baton Rouge location over three years ago, I have avoided Acme. 
I recently had some friends in town and wanted to grab a quick bite so we swung in Acme in the French Quarter. Not only was our wait time short but the staff was fantastic and attentive to all of our needs. The food was served hot and fresh! I enjoyed the fried catfish and french fries, my friends had the fried shrimp; we took turns trying the different dishes and I have to say, this is the best fried seafood in the Quarter!With 120+ reviews there is not much else to add. The chargrilled oysters were delicious, although a bit salty but the service was quick and friendly. The red beans and rice were also tasty, next time I'd pass up a table and head straight to the bar where they shuck them right in front  of you!What can I saw that hasn't already been said?  
It's fantastic.  When in the French Quarters this is where I prefer to dine.AMAZING staff! Line can be a bit intimidating outside but worth the wait! The chargrilled oysters are a MUST and of course their po-boys! I had the soft shelled crab and my husband I believe had one of the meat ones but we loved it. Seating is a bit cramped but a part of the ambiance. This a must stop when visiting NOLA.Worth the wait to get it! Delicious Fried food, let's be real, no one goes to New Orleans to eat healthy :)
Try the fried Alligator it's excellent, and the cocktail sauce is delicious (it has a god amount of horseradish in it). Also, their oysters on the half shell are great too, but pretty much everywhere in NOLA has amazing oysters.
You sit at a table with other people, so if you are looking for a romantic dinner, this wouldn't be the place. However, if you are looking to fill up before a night of partying, or if you need something AFTER a night of partying, this is the place!We've been here a number of times and I'm still waiting to be wowed.  You wait in line forever, get seated at a table with a number of other couples, you don't get service in the order you sat down (or are ready to order for that matter) and the food is just meh.  I would recommend trying something off the beaten path.  If you want oysters, perhaps it's worth the wait, but I would much rather spend my time at the Royal House Oyster Bar where I had a fantastic experience!Love the charbroiled oysters! They needed to be cleaned as they were full of grit, but that didn't stop me one bit!! The shrimp PoBoy was yummy as well. Always make this one of our first stops! The staff is always lovely and its worth the wait.Casual oyster bar. Char-broiled oysters in a garlic butter sauce were GREAT! Also liked the jambalaya and gumbo. The only bad part is the line to get in is soooo long so do not come here if you are starving... there will be at least a 20 minute wait.