I came here with my girlfriends and let me tell you, it gets packed fast. We ate oysters for breakfast and it was so worth it. The server that we had memorized all 6 of our complicated customized orders. I was very impressed. Oysters here taste like the fresh ocean. I ordered the oyster po-boy and that deliciousness came out fast. I definitely recommend this place when visiting NOLA.Small restaurant in the casino. 4 stars because there isn't much service. You order at the counter and they deliver the food to you. Busing of the tables were slow as well. However the food we ordered was great! I had the fried oyster platter and it was really good. We also ordered the charbroiled oysters and they were AMAZING!!!!Charbroiled oysters are the bomb.  Don't get 6 get a dozen!!!!  Tastes like cheese pizza.  Then the yummy shrimp and oyster po' boy!Tried oysters for the first time here , DELISH! It's always a line but it's worth the wait. I was on vacation there in January , had an amazing time. Definitely will be back.After raving about how wonderful Acme Oyster House on Iberville St was to our friends, we were very disappointed in the food at the Harrahs location.  We arrived in NOLA mid afternoon on Monday and were just too hungry to wait in the line.  Excited to see that they had another location in Harrahs so we went there.  Very, very disappointed.  My shrimp po boy was one of the worst I've ever had.  If a restaurant is going to have multiple branches, the owners should make sure the food is up to the primary location's standards.My wife and I went there on memorial day weekend to the Acme oyster bar to experience the taste of New Orleans oysters as they were highly recommended by  friends who would been inprior when I tried to order a dozen charbroiled oysters I was told that there was no one available to shuck oysters. Are you kidding me Memorial weekend and nobody available to shuck oysters Also the bartender was a complete beoutch. Totally unfriendly. I rated it one star because nothing worse was available. Want oysters DONT go to Harrahs Acme Oyster Bar. POORWho can say no to oysters when in NOLA? Acme was on my list from the moment I knew I was heading out South so I was excited to find out that they had this location. Located in Harrah's Casino, the vibe of this location is more Las Vegas than NOLA for vibe so if you want the more authentic feel I would go to another spot. 
The line doesn't move as quickly as you would think so if you're coming with a larger group come after 8PM because the line/tables emptied out by then. 
For $20 you can get yourself 1 dozen oysters. I thought the oysters had a yummy herb butter/cheese sauce but they were on the smaller side of the scale so the 1 dozen went by really quickly. The oysters were good but I think the shrimp etouffe was the clear winner of the dishes we had here.Came to Acme 1-3-16. Very cute little oyster bar inside the Casino. It's connected to the Hoodoo Lounge so there's constant music playing and bar patrons. 
I ordered a bowl of Gumbo, one word, AMAZING. I loved it! Flavors were amazing and very tasteful. Only thing, wasn't any crab legs or crab meat in it :( 
Also ordered a side order of Red Beans and Rice, great also!! It had some sort (not sure) of meat in the beans, BOMB. 
I also tried my friends Fried Oysters, OH MY HEAVENS!! Amazing! Best fried oysters I ever tasted, made me jealous I didn't order them :(
The cashier was very nice and attentive and explained the menu and choices to me to where I could finally make a decision as it's hard for me, we all know ;)
Overall great experience, great food and good music. Kudos!Love it! The location was within walking distance to the Jazz festival I attended and the Oysters were served perfectly in my opinion. FANTASTIC serviceIt wasn't an issue considering the full-service bar, but anyway, half of our order took about 15 minutes to get to us. My friend and I both received a free bowl of delicious gumbo for the "inconvenience".
After our order of broiled oysters arrived, I would've waited an hour for them--they were delicious. The atmosphere, staff, food, and drink are top-notch.We waited outside for a hot minute. And was not worth the wait. Server was great. Seafood Etouffe was good Boo Fries decent . Char grilled oysters were a 6 out of 10. Felix's accross the street is better if you know what to order.Stopped in while on vacation and really glad I did. With so many great choices to eat this is a must visit! Had the shrimp and fish poboy and the seafood gumbo. Both had great flavor and very good portions. Very spacious and we were sat immediately, even though the place was packed. Great drinks as well! Was not disappointed and definitely worth another visit!This is the Acme Oyster House Lounge inside Harrahs, basically a casino typical fast food joint with a bar at night. I ordered a half smoked sausage Po'boy and a cup of the Oysters Rockefeller soup. The sandwich was light in saysage and what was there was charred as the pic shows; the soup however was delicious. For my half sandwich, little bowl of soup and Pepsi, I paid $19.25. That's a rip off. To the young girl who took my order and was a sour puss; you work in a service oriented industry suck it up and be a little kinder to your patrons.Best deep fried crab claws I've ever had!!! 
And if you're playing there free drinks!!!The service is extremely slow. The bartender had no interest in serving a drink to me or a young lady also waiting at the bar. Instead she played with her computer for a few minutes while joking with the three regulars at the end of the bar. Afterward she served them each a refill and then prepared a drink and took it out on the casino floor. I gave up then. She did all of this while never even looking down in our direction, even as she walked right by to take the drinks to the floor.A friend of mine shot me a text saying I had to eat at Acme Oyster House since she knew I was in the Big Easy. Of course I looked it and found the other location in the French Quarter. The line was out the door. No thanks. I parked my car at Harrahs and found this location. It was meant to be I suppose.
I kind of figured that no matter what, this location would be a little subpar to whatever was going on at the other location since this was inside of the casino, but I figured I'd still give it a try.
I ordered a lot because I wanted to really see if I liked it here. For starters I got the half Po-boy with fries and a side of coleslaw. The sandwich only comes with one side so the slaw was extra. Then I ordered six charbroiled oysters, because this was the main reason I was to come here.
The service was alright. One girl working the register and one cook. The poor girl was ringing people up and delivering food as well which delayed things.
I sat down and waited for my food. First came the Po-boy. The half was huge. It looked more like a whole to me, and thank goodness I didn't order the whole because it would have been entirely too much food. The fries and slaw were great, but I didn't love the Po-Boy. It was ok, but just that- ok.
I was finished with my meal and still didn't have my oysters and finally they arrived. Wow. Now looking back on it, I should have just ordered these. The oysters were amazing; cheese and lemon- yum! They were absolutely delicious. They were hot and still bubbling when they arrived and I ravaged the plate.
Next time I'm in town I want to go to the real location and order the same thing to see how the real place stacks up against this version. I'm sure it's even better.The customer service was great.  
Our food was ordered, we had the oyster and shrimp platter which arrived quickly at our table, hot and seasoned with great flavor!Not much better than McDonnald's for service & atmosphere. Way overpriced and less that mediocre food! Don't waste a meal here when there are so many better places that are much more reasonable in price!I just finished eating a bowl of chicken gumbo. I will give credit where credit is due. The gumbo was very good. I have two issues. Size of portions at different locations and terrible service. As you can see from my picture a bowl of gumbo at Harrahs on Canal is sized different than a bowl at the Iberville location. Not sure why? Next the young lady that served our food was flat out rude!!! She put our food down walked away without saying anything. Not sure what is up with her but it is now 11:25 you can see the time of my ticket and she has not come back to us once. Terrible service will keep me away from Acme !!The food was good and the line was short compared to French Quarter. The management and service need help! Watched a staff, manager, and customer almost get in a fight over bad service no less. Scary!Food is ok at best but...what makes this place stand out is the b@&ch at the counter taking the orders and delivering our food she is a special kind of stupidity, after getting attitude when ordering I asked for horseradish her reply was great she said"why" I replied "for the oysters" and again in all her glory said in a beautiful moment of  ignorance with a wonderful expression of middle distance on her face said
 "uuuuh no" ...please run fom this place and save your self..Bomb ass Oysters! A must place to visit whenever I come to New Orleans.  Raw oysters are very tastey, but you must have the charbroiled Oysters. They are amazing!! It's all about the Oysters at this spot! Be ready to wait in line, definitely worth the wait though. ...Salty & terrible chargrilled oysters. Waste of $$! go to Drago's at the HiltonDISCLAIMER: I've never been to the Acme on Iberville, So I don't have anything to compare this to. I was staying right next to it & it was definitely on my list of places to get to but they had a long line one morning so I never went. Imagine my surprise when I saw an ACME in the casino later that night. 
I can't say if it was better or worse than the Iberville location but it was pretty damn good. The ambience was perfect for what we were there for (sports bar vibe more than fast food - but better food than most if not all sports bars I've been to). Food came out quick for me, didn't experience some of the things I read in the reviews after I ate there.  
I order the sampler.. jambalaya, gumbo, red beans and rice were all FIRE! Not afraid to use seasoning, felt like I was eating at home.
I would recommend this place for the sampler at least, and I would stop by again if I'm in the casino. However, I think next time I'll give the Iberville appt a shot.Coming from New York, I had heard so much about Acme. In fact I was told this was THE place to come to.  The restaurant actually out did my expectations! It's small and quaint but the flavor experience will blow your mind! We ordered the grilled oysters (get the dozen - don't do the half it won't be enough), the seafood platter, seafood gumbo and topped it off with Banana Foster cheesecake.  Everything was amazing we will definitely come here againTHE black lady who takes your order very unfriendly and food sucks. Will not come back.  Table was dirty and had to clean it myself.On vacation for essence fest I kept seeing Instagram pics of char grilled oysters and people raving about them. Early Fourth of July morning I decided to wake up early, leave the hotel and venture off for oysters. is ordered a 1/2 dozen to be safe and a bowl of gumbo. My sister decided to sample one and then she kept eating them. They tasted like heaven. so good. We just told the waitress to make it a dozen. Next time I know I need my own dozen. I highly recommend but I am trying drago's next to see what all the hype is.Came to Harrahs after walkimg about the French Quarter.  As I was debating what to eat for late lunch, I stumbled upon the ACME Oyster House menu. You order and pay at counter, take a number and your food is brought to your table.  Its open seating in the bar area on high tops.
The atmosphere in seating area is sports bar vibe with TVs and music thumping. 
I ordered the sizzling charbroiled oysters in herb butter sauce, topped with a blend of cheeses. It was excellent!This was our first stop upon arrival in New Orleans.   We were seated at the bar and the man behind the bar shucking oysters greeted us.   He suggested we try the local seasonal beer, Abita Strawberry.  It was very refreshing.  We ordered the grilled oysters, fried oyster platter, and the Étouffée with fried crawfish tails.  The étouffée and the fried oysters were very good, but the chargrilled oysters were outstanding, huge and juicy.  Can't wait to go back for the Boo Boo fried.With so many restaurants and so little time during a weekend getaway to New Orleans (9/16 - 9/18) we had to fit in some po'boys. Staying at the Doubletree Hotel, Acme at Harrah's was a convenient location to try.
We had a filling, late lunch at Johnny Sanchez so decided to have a half po'boy and cup of gumbo each. I had the fried shrimp and seafood gumbo. About 4-5 crispy shrimp were on the fresh, crusty bread with lettuce, tomato, and dressing. The gumbo was a warm and delicious soup with plenty of seafood over fluffy white rice. My husband had the roast beef po'boy with chicken & andouille gumbo. Even though I wanted my seafood meal, his was just as good. 
I can't speak for other locations, but here you order at a counter, seat yourself, and the food is brought to you. The location off the gaming floor in the casino has lots of high top tables and several booths with lots of televisions which were tuned to college game day football.
For a casino restaurant meal, I thought it was pretty good.I like the food here. had to wait in line but this place was recommended.  had the sampler with soft shell crab and dozen oysters. no complaints from this guy.    Oysters were fresh and excellent, and enjoyed trying their gumbo, jambalaya, red beans and rice.  definitely a tourist place but being a tourist myself, this place was worth a trip. (Correction: THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE ACME NEAR THE BURBOUN ST AND NOT FOR HARRAH'SWhy no char-grilled oysters or raw ones?! This is what the restaurant is known for so why not have their signature food?! DISAPPOINTED. No point of going here....sigh.Wow. What a disappointment. Acme should be ashamed of putting their name on this food at Harrahs. I have had better gumbo and red beans from a grocery store and was served in the same plastic bowls.If you don't want to wait in line, just go to this one at the Casino.  We almost waited for the hour long line at the ACME off bourbon street but came here.We arrived late to our hotel and area restaurants were closing by 10 pm. We ducked into the casino and found the Acme Oyster House. We had the chicken/andouille gumbo, fresh oysters and a shrimp Po-boy. The food was hot, tasted great and arrived quickly. We were very pleased.I never knew there was an Acme in the casino. I wonder how long has this been in here?I've only been to the one on Veterans and on the Lake but I'm not sure if that one is still there. My brother claims Acme has better charbroiled oysters than Drago's so I'm only here for a taste test then back across the street. We decided to get a 1/2 dozen. The charbroiled oysters here are . I had one and let my bro eat the rest. Let me add---we did eat at Drago's later that night and even my brother admitted, the oysters were 10x better at Drago's. Let me add, I am only talking about charbroiled oysters. If you want raw oysters then Acme is the place to go; the best in the city to me. However, if you want charbroiled oysters then Drago's is the place to go.
Sincerely,
A former residentBelieve me this is a place you want to try when in New Orleans. I've been drooling over their pictures for so long. I finally got to try them and I'm hooked. Went during Essence Festival and the line was long for the French Quarter location. Went to the casino and lucked up. They were out of crawfish hush puppies so I'll have to go back soon. Had the chargrilled oysters for the first time and loved them. The catfish is good and so is the bread pudding. This is a great value and delicious food. This is a place that will be a regular stop on my food tour through New Orleans.Looooong line.....waited anyway ...EVERYTHING OFFICIAL ...Grilled oysters are the BOMB!!! Bar atmosphere and very tight but worth the experience...Just go and you'll seeThis is their fast food version located inside the Harrah's casino.  Quick and easy.  My fried oysters and fries platter were darned good, but I was surprised how good the combo plate of red beans and rice with sausage, gumbo, and jambalaya was at this location.  I also enjoyed the bread pudding.  
Unfortunately, no charbroiled oysters at this location.Friendly service and fast. I've never tried étouffée and thought if I should have it anywhere it would be here. It was great. Small portion was plenty. Loaded with seafood! Good boom boom shrimp appetizer as well! Only downside is if you want oysters, they don't have them at this location.Super crazy busy place! The oysters came out well after our meals and they were ordered first. Our server was awesome and very apologetic. They were worth the wait! Cold and fresh. A must visit place when you are in New Orleans.stopped in to kill some time before a meeting.. first turn off was the bar was closed in the restaurant portion so I had to go to a different bar to order my drink from the food.. Ordered the deep fried crab claws and they had that old refrigerator taste.. I tried a few then peeled the breeding off and smelled it to find a definite metallic scent rather than the sweet crab claw smell you would expect.. I took them back to the counter and they said they were just fine.. lol.. ok ? So I live in new orleans and have eaten plenty of crab claws but I guess I'm mistaken.. no offer of substitution or refund (95% of the bowl returned uneaten) 
They also exhibited all the classic signs of poor service, clerk was on the phone or away from her station most of the time.. Her phone call was hardly interrupted by my order..  Lot of better options in or around Harrahs..Ordered the shrimp salad.  Asked the server for ranch dressing and returned with a half used container of blue cheese dressing.  Totally gross.  My friend ordered raw oysters an was told there is a wait of 30 minutes so they can defrost.  The woman taking the order was also clearing the tables.  A hard worker.No raw oysters or char-grilled oysters.  But it's not crowded and the gumbo poopa is just as good as at the regular location.Being a long time Acme Oyster House customer I can honestly say that this place needs to be closed. It does not deserve to carry the Acme name. 
The po-boy tasted as if it had been frozen just prior to it being served to me. In addition, the gumbo while nice and hot tasted nothing like the bowl I had earlier at the original Acme. 
If you are up late and crave something taste, go to McDonalds.They run out of food... example: fish and bread.. no apology or adjustments. Overpriced and Small oysters too.. save your time and go to the main one. I get late night eats are not the same, but this was just a sad experience.The service is the ABSOLUTE worst! I went to Acme Harrah's at 1:50am and the lady at the counter was dancing, cleaning, and didn't even acknowledge my presence. After about 5 minutes, I had to ask her were they closed. "I need to check and see if they are still taking orders"... mind you, they close at 3:00am. She then states the system is down and had been down for 10 minutes. I waited for an additional 15 minutes hoping my craving for oysters and a Peacemaker would be fulfilled. After waiting, she asked me what I wanted to order... she then stated they were out of oysters and did not have the "supplies" to make a peacemaker. She stated she was glad the system went down because they "were running out of everything ". 
I came back the following day around noon. The manager takes my order. I asked for Chargrilled Oysters and she responds "we aren't doing those right now". By this time I am annoyed. I tell her about my experience the night before and her response to me was "so you want me to write them up, because they were lying. How do I have the supplies to make a peacemaker this morning and they didn't". Never mind the fact I wanting freaking oysters and it's on the menu during business hours. All in all, avoid yourself the frustration of dealing with this location and just stand in line at the main French Quarter location. You've been warned...These fresh little bottom feeders are good after all.
Enter the pearly gates to this Oyster paradise...even if you have to wait outside for an hour. Don't trip, send a friend across the street to get you your favorite beverage. Must gets are the Charbroiled Oysters, the Boo Fries, and the Raw Oysters. If you are feeling daring, order up a round of the oyster shots for you and your friends, have a chaser ready. The fresh Charbroiled Oysters are covered in parmesan and come sizzling to your table. The Boo fries are covered in a meaty beef sauce and cheese, seriously good. I ate these appetizers and left to get main entrees elsewhere although I might try their cajon entrees next time I visit. Even if you have never enjoyed a slimey oyster, you should still check this place out. Your wife of girlfriend will be glad you did....CHAAAAAW. Calm down super freak.0 stars. Horrible service and understaffed. We ordered a dozen and a half oysters (already paid) and were short 2 oysters. We politely told the waitress, waited for over 30 minute while everyone else got their food, politely asked again, waited another 15 min, and asked again. When another table got their oysters, we decided to ask for a refund, only to get attitude from the staff. We got our refund but had an unpleasant exchange when we were asked to hand over our receipt to confirm the time of our order. Super frustrating and a waste of time. Don't come here, just go to the Acme in the French Quarter.We tried the one in Harrah's after being unsuccessful in the French Quarters.  The line outside was just too long. I ordered the seafood gumbo and from the first sip knew it was not for me.  Why do they say seafood when it is mostly rue and rice.  It was terrible and very....very bland.  Coop's Place in the Quarter's still gets my vote.  My husband had a fish po boy which he stated was so...so.  No worries I can take this off the list as a "won't come back"Acme was one of the places on my list for NOLA when we came to visit for a conference. We didn't have much time for foodie adventures due to work and social obligations. However, the fiance wanted to perfect his blackjack skills and I saw the little sign and decided to get a snack. 
I got a half dozen of their grilled oysters. This place is about 10-20% more expensive than the Acme Oyster House down the road. The cheese and butter that they put on these oysters just made my day. I usually go for raw oysters but I would choose these grilled oysters in a heartbeat. 
Funny story. My fiance liked the grilled oysters so much that I was able to convince him to make a quick trip over to the "real" location before our flight. When we were there they said that the location in Harrahs wasn't actually affiliated with Acme Oyster House??? I'm not sure how that works given that all the branding and food items are exactly the same.Go to any other location than this one, unless you're looking for a McDonald's experience. Wait! That may be doing a disservice to McDonald's. These folks just don't give a damn about anything...food quality, service, etc. Awful experience!The Chxn gumbo is amazing! It's a mix of gumbo and a mole consistency and is thicker than some others and just enough hot spice. Loved it so much went back next day and got two for lunch and two for the road. Po boys were good, but gumbo was it!Placed a takeout menu- brought it home And devoured it in minutes. The oyster po-boy, so clean and on point! The sandwich didnt become a mess when eating it so they wrapped it real good. Amazing food, although they charged a dollar for each entree (better than paying tip) so it was worth it.I was quiet surprised by this place. We ordered they oyster shooters to start off our trip - came out at room temperature- definitely ask for chilled vodka. We opted for the Peace Maker po-boy, the sampler(red beans, seafood gumbo, jambalaya) and the chargrilled oysters. The peace maker was good - but then again anything fried is good. The sampler was unimpressive and the chargrilled oysters still had bits of sand and brine and showed up to our table after we finished eating our dinner. We were here 10 years ago or so, definitely wasn't as fond of a memory this time around.The Chargrilled oysters over butter and special blend of parmesan cheeses were tasty.  It is a must.  Fried crawfish tails were crispy.  The New Orleans medley provided an opportunity to taste gumbo, jambalaya, red beans & rice and grilled smoked sausage.  The shrimp & fish were good. The fish was fried just right while the inside stayed moist. The Seafood Etouffee was very good.  Service was fast and friendly.  Wait time for us was 20 minutes.At the recommendation of a coworker,  I wanted to try grilled oysters for the first time.  As we got ready to order,  there was a sign that said cash only.  Thankfully someone in my group had cash for me to borrow since I had none.  Between the 3 of us,  we got a dozen grilled oysters,  shrimp plate,  & catfish plate.  
The grilled oysters were really good.  I'd definitely get them again.  They had a parmesan cheese & butter taste.  The shrimp & catfish were also good.I'm usually lit by the time I stumble in here. I always remember it as exceptional. This time I was completely sober. Still better than average oyster po boys but I'm guessing I was less excited when I realized I had been paying $17 per sandwich all this time. Definitely much better food and better deals in New Orleans. I know I'll be back here anyway lol.Was expecting the hype but maybe bc it was in a casino and not on the main strip but it was subpar.  Won't be returning.  And the staff weren't happy or friendly.   Only ordered the bread pudding bc it just seem inviting.  Didn't take a picture of it be it wasn't anything worth taking a picture. :(. Maybe we should've braved the long lines at the other locations.I was so excited about the possibilities of this restaurant. It was close to my hotel and I wanted to go more than once. This location is in the back of of the casino in a sectioned off area in front of one of the bars. When I noticed the cook with a visible attitude, I should have bolted to the closest door. Instead, I ordered an oyster platter, fries, coleslaw, red beans/rice and seafood gumbo. All of the food arrived to the table cold. I watched as it sat in the window. The cashier was too busy and did I mention the cook had an attitude? My oysters were chewy and tasted as if they were fried earlier in the day, the gumbo was tasteless until I added hot sauce. The other items were just okay but not good enough for me to return.We were in NOLA and the ONLY reason we selected this restaurant was because there was a long line to get in.   Kind of silly to choose a place with a long wait but my experience has been people wait in long lines like that  because the food is good, the portions are large, its cheap or all of the above.   
We had a good time chatting and waiting in the line so it did not feel too long but I love that they have a person come out to the line to get your name so you know they are working on having your table ready.  Also, I KNOW what I am about to say is a nit. You might call it petty to even mention it.  Okay I will accept that BUT I drink a lot of seltzer water.  So I had in my hand, in the line a Peach flavored Perrier water.  It was hot and all you do in the French quarter is walk so I purchased it at a convenience store for $4.00.  Tourist trap over priced seltzer.  Acme would not allow me to being it into the restaurant even when I offered to close it and put it in my purse.  We had to toss it and I was not all that upset about it, but do wonder why.  
My youngest son introduced me and his brother to oysters so we are newbies.  The previous night we had AMAZING oysters at another restaurant so we are so ready to try them again at Acme. Now we didn't know how to eat them or what to expect.  I am sure we looked goofy but we are a family who enjoys laughing at ourselves.  If others want to join in on the fun...why not!  Goofy can be good.  So my you g men ordered a dozen grilled oysters. 
Well this place had Fried oysters appetizers.  Fried you say? I had to have them #whatdiet?  I ordered a crab cake platter and we also ordered some gumbo and we basically shared all of it.  
Everything was good but those fried Oysters just melt in your mouth.  I cannot stop thinking about them.  I am being haunted by the experience.
 So now that I am back in Raleigh, I am dragging my husband all over town ordering oysters just praying I find something even close to being that good. 
Acme has a old school burger joint feel to it.  Tables are close together but just enough room to be comfortable.  It is larger than it appears from the front. Service was fast and very friendly and yes it is worth it to stand in line and toss your Perrier lol.  I AM going back the next time I am in NOLA.  All of the other food was good too and the crab cakes are huge which is rare and very good.Visiting New Orleans? Acme is a must on your eating itinerary.  Since this is our third trip to NOLA some restaurants are hard not to come back to.  Just real good food.  Most places are gonna be real good.  This is what makes New Orleans a place to be, the most delicious food you'll find in the world.  I mean that!!!!  Acme has different locations but be prepared to wait in a long line in the French Quarter.  This Acme just happens to be in a Harah's Casino which makes it convenient for us our hotel is across the street.  There is no long lines and even with a limited menu it's still delicious and good.  I would highly recommend Seafood Gumbo and Jambalaya.   Hard to keep up with yelping all check ins but this is definitely one on the books.  The prices are good and service, well mostly everyone is amazingly friendly.  It makes the visit more pleasant. Friendly service goes a long way.  Eat well my friends.So my buddy flew in last night around 11pm and he was excited to get oysters. Only place I could find was acme inside the casino. Go there and order and they wouldn't do oysters that late. Super bummed. So ordered the boom boom shrimp and I think they just use breaded shrimp from Walmart or something. Was not good at all. Bartender there kept yelling and kinda rude. Not gonna eat there again.First came for convenience during my business-related stay. Needed a quick place to grab some food without the walk further into french quarter. Ended up eating here four times and at worst, matched up with most other places I ate while in New Orleans. Great gumbo, Jambalaya, Red Beans and Rice, Po boy was decent, but the fried oyster platter was outstanding. Some of the best slaw ive had too.I often break down the good, bad and ugly of a place but I can't find anything remotely nice to eat about this place. It is revoltingly dirty (bordering on filthy) with rude staff and terrible (as in - nearly inedible) food. 
Literally: while we were waiting for the sullen and volatile server to throw our food on the table (also literally), we saw three groups walk out and another patron get cursed out by the cashier for "ordering sh*t so close to closing". 
I understand that the point of having a restaurant in a casino is to keep people inside and gambling but I'm shocked that Acme Oyster House would attach their name to such a place given their reputation in NOLA. They need to truly rethink this partnership.not the same acme as on iberville st. Ordered the combination seafood platter. Only got one fish fillet. The iberville location gives 2 fillets. Also, this location doesn't let you choose a side dish. They choose for you : cole slaw. The iberville location lets you choose any side dish. harrahs location is a franchise. They also charge $1 for drink refills. Could use additional server.  Counterperson was also the server.Bar seat watching them shusk the oysters was the best seating the house! Worth the wait for chargrilled oystersI had such a lovely experience with the Chargrilled Oysters at the Iberville location of Acme Oyster House, that I decided to try the one inside of Harrah's Casino despite the lower reviews at this location. I figured why not have some yummy oysters and a drink while my hubby plays a hand or two! I shouldn't have. The service was poor (but I let that go, since they are not staffed like a larger location). I was however excited when I saw that the dozen chargrilled oysters were piping hot, but as I ate each one, I had leftover grainy sand in my mouth. Also, the shells were overly charred, so my fingertips were black after the meal. The one saving grace was that the bartender at the VooDoo bar in the same seating area was nice and attentive. Too bad he wasn't an actual employee of Acme House ‍.Worst food I've ever had. The shrimp tasted bad as well as our oysters. Our hush puppies came out burnt, completely black. We didn't eat our food so When I asked to speak to the manager he gave me the run around and avoided to speak to me. Once I finally did and explained to him POLITELY that we simply wanted a refund for our food, because it tasted horrible and we hadn't eaten it he was rude, and Condescending. He tried to say that it was supposed to taste that way. Shrimp and oysters shouldn't taste rancid. He finally gave me a refund but was rude about it. He didn't want to give me a copy of my receipt. I had to take a picture of my original receipt and finally the new one he gave me that didn't show a refund but just that he charged me for my soda. Extremely bad service and petty. Never returning and I would suggest you don't waste your time with the horrible rancid burnt food and EXTREMELY RUDE AND UNPROFESSIONAL SERVICE.This place doesn't even deserve 1 star. Bad service, bad food and bad atmosphere! The cashier told me I was going to have to wait a long time for my food like I was going to cancel if she told me that. Then got fish with batter that was not cooked thoroughly. I was with 9 other people and all our orders were messed up. They ended up refunded all of our money back. Don't waster your time with this place. 
O' and the drinks.... we had to take them back to the bartender and have her make them over.No lie y'all please don't waste your money on the oysters. Horrible!! Over priced & just plain & simple not worth it. The sweet tea was amazing to be honest lol. $15.99 for half dozen chargrilled oysters. Once I was being stupid but not again. I will take my business to the Metairie location. 1 star is for the sweet tea.We had the etouffe...it was one of the best things I ate on my trip!! We also ordered a dozen chargrilled oysters...very rich and a bit more cheese than I normally like but still good!I was pretty excited for this place because of the amazing reviews. The long line was not an issue for us because we thought it would be worth the wait. 
Food was ok. The char-grilled oysters were gritty and I had to continuously remove pieces of shell out of my mouth. I got the soft shelled crab po-boy and my friend got the shrimp po-boy. Both were dry and almost too salty. 
The server seemed to be annoyed and not pleasant at all. I am glad I tried it, but I will never be back here or recommend it to anyone. After having had dinner at Peche the night before, this place was totally not worth the hype.So disappointed! Go seafood gumbo in a cup since I've never had it before. There was literally nothing but rice and some kind of brown sauce- no seafood. 
When the waitress came around asking how everything was, I told her about the cup of gumbo. She said, "let me speak to the manager". So, she comes right back and says, since you only bought a cup and it's so small there's not going to be a lot of seafood or meat...well then why the heck do you sell it? What a rip off! Paid $5.79 for dirty white riceI couldn't get to the location in the French quarter but the counter at Harrah's was not crowded and hopefully had similar quality as the restaurant. The po-boy was a huge sandwich and it was flakey and a good consistency. Really loved it!Nothing like the other Acme's. Extremely limited menu. You order at the counter. My food was served cold. I sent it back and they literally microwaved my plate.Delicious! Must try when in NOLA! Highly recommend the Charbroiled Oysters as they will tell you when you're welcomed in.I've heard about the long waits for the other Acme Oyster House locations so I was super excited there were no lines for this one. I already had raw oysters at a different restaurant during my trip so I wanted to try Acme's chargrilled ones. The oysters were a little small and had A LOT of garlic. Might be a good dish right before any vampire tours ;) Will stick to raw oysters going forward.
We also ordered the Boo Fries which are fries topped with roast beef gravy and cheese. I actually really enjoyed this... I LOVE fries! I didn't really taste the roast beef flavor in the gravy though. The Chicken & Andouille Gumbo was pretty decent. It was a nice break from all the seafood we've been eating.Sort of a theme restaurant - If you like going to the planet hollywood/hard rock cafe of oysters, then this is your place!!
Upscale and Fun.This place has to be the best restaurant in all of New Orleans . I recommend this place hands down! And remember to order those grilled OystersI was really disappointed in the quality of the oysters here. They were cold but were kind of dry on the surface and weren't detached from the shell. And were dirty! Apparently they had been opened for a while. My wife had fried shrimp platter and they were just ok but not memorable!We will not return. Most casinos have great food but Harrahs casino was a major disappointment!Worst Oysters we've ever had. We spent the rest of the night expecting to get sick, luckily we didn't. Harrahs Vegas has the best Oyster bar, we were hoping for the same quality, unfortunately underwhelmed. Ordering was a tough task, one cashier who helped with running food and cleaning tables while the line was 12 people long.The line was about 20 deep but for some luck of the gods we got hand picked out of the line to sit at the oyster bar in front of the coolest shuckers. Eating your own weight in oysters makes for a great night in NOLA. Don't forget to order a dozen of their broiled oysters...you will have a real treat!The best char broiled oysters I have ever had! Buttery and succulent, each bite was like heaven!I love acme,  i usually go to the one in Metairie and have never been disappointed with the food or service. I can't say the same for this location.   I has a friend that came into town and was staying downtown.  It was late and the the location in Metairie and the French quarter were closed so we went to this location.   I got the red beans and rice and an order of what is my favorite,  chargrilled oysters.   While the red beans were fine,  the oysters were horrible.  They were dry, burnt, non buttery,  rubbery,  just completely inedible.  No exaggeration,  i chewed on one oyster for about a minute and it never broke down.  It was basically oyster flavored gum. 
I had raved to my friend about how delicious their oysters are and how acme was my favorite place to go but after this experience i won't be returning.  She was disappointed also and complained but nothing was done.   If you have to go to this location to eat,  I'm warning you,  STAY AWAY from the chargrilled oysters!  Not only is the quality poor, they are more expensive than the restaurant.Great mom n pop seafood.  Started off by trying a taster of their gumbo and Lima bean soup.  Both very good, hard to choose between the two.  Chose the fried combo with catfish and shrimp with fries and the small (more like medium) gumbo and added a grilled cheese sandwich.  Fried catfish very tender and fried shrimp perfectly seasoned.  Gumbo was very great and the grilled cheese was as good as expected.  Customer service is impeccable.  They treat you like you're a guest, not a number.  You will not be disappointed if you come here.I had been looking forward to trying an Acme po boy during my entire Nola stay. We tried to go to the original location but the line was long and the humidity was high so we left :( We were so excited when we realized there was a second location in Harrahs. Our excitement ended quickly when we arrived.
The line was short, maybe 8-10 people: We waited in line discussing what we planned to try and moved no where. It took 45 minutes for 8-10 people to order and seat themselves. One girl on her own was taking orders and running food to tables. Two people were in the kitchen. There was also a bus boy but we saw him only cleaning tables and not running food. How does a well known eatery have one person doing this? I would think the casino would require a full staff to operate but that's not the case here.
My friend and I split a whole oyster/shrimp po boy. I had a side of hush puppies and she had red beans and jambalaya. We saw lots of 1/2 sandwich's being served and honestly they looked about the same size as our full portion. It was not huge. The bread wasn't anything special. The shrimp and oysters were not bad but honestly it just wasn't great. I was disappointed and with all the other options available I won't try again. I felt like I had fallen into a tourist trap. I hate that.
I must give props where they are deserved and they were earned with the hush puppies. They were some of the best I had tried. Too bad I won't be headed back to try again. I hope Acme adds staff to this location or comes up with a better plan to help their staff provide the best experience possible.Delicious boo fries.  Every time we are in Nola we get them!  The bang bang shrimp is awesome as well as the usual boo fries we get.  Will be back on our next visit to Nola.Can someone please close this location? Came 3 days in a row at different times and no oysters. That's the whole point of the business... having oysters. Then on top of that the staff is not even nice so again: PLEASE CLOSE THIS PLACE DOWN.Where do I start....? Horrible! My cousin and I placed two orders of the 1/2 and 1/2 oyster shrimp po-boys at 11:51pm. First order came out in about 20 minutes. My order didn't come at all until I went up to question about it. The server (Rayshell) went to the grill asking for my po-boy and the worker told me that he forgot to make it. At this point it was 12:40am. Everyone was getting there food at other tables and I'm just looking like where's mine.  The server didn't apologize or anything just put my food down. I asked if I could get a refill or some fries for my wait. She looked at me rolled her eyes took the table number and walked ways. Theres was no ice for the soft drinks & bread was hard as rocks. I don't plan on coming back here again.It was good but I wouldn't wait 45 min again for it. We ordered the boo fries. They were pretty good. The gumbo was nicely seasoned. My hangs down got the shrimp platter - he didn't care for it. He said the shrimp were small and flavorless.  I got the jambalaya. It was good.  One boy ordered the charbroiled oysters and said they were good. 
Service was good and friendlyDO NOT GO to this one if you have other option. This branch is franchise and different than other branches. The ACME loyalty card/program does not work there (they did NOT tell you that on website and in other branches). Its menu is not listed on ACME website and it offer much less items compared to others. 
Because it is inside the Casino, the smell of smoking is strong.
The bar has limited inventory and can not make the two kinds of classic New Orleans drink I ordered.Came here with a group of girls the first time we saw a long line so we decided not to wait for it.  And back the next day for lunch & there were seats available. Thank god we did not have to wait bc the food was very mediocre. There was ntn that reaLly tasted Amazing.... we order oysters, po boys, sweet potatoe fries. Maybe our expectations were high since they had a high yelp review. . But def has better seafood baxk in ny.Go with patience... we arrived after 7PM on Saturday, anticipating a long line to get in and it did not fail to be a lot of standing. It was not until nearly an hour's passing that our party of three made it into the packed up restaurant. We were shuffled past their main sitting area into the secondary back seating location. Plopped down and got a soda and a water. An oyster shot ($3.5) was ordered for each of us and it was spicy go ok my down. The ouster was small in my shot so it did not cause me to choke like one I had had in NC two years ago. A dozen chargrilled oysters were ordered to begin with - market price. Of the three or so which I ate, they were tasty and for someone like me who has only oysters a few times, they delivered on flavor. I got the bang bang shrimp ($10) for the table which came with smallish medium sized shrimp, fried up and slathered in spicy sauce. My dinner order of the crab cake ($15) had a large batch of fries, around 6 small hush puppies and a good sized crumb coated crab cake that had moist, succulent meat tucked within. Our server did a great job of service: quick on bringing out everything, great personality in that hectic time and getting us in and out at a great pace. When we left at 9PM it looked as if the dinnertime insanity had mostly calmed down.Boiled crawfish way overpriced. Dirty and loud interior of restaurant, even when the place is not crowded. Po boys are good, but not worth the price or the hype. I don't know why people wait hours around the block to eat here.Love love love this place. You need to go check out this place when you are in New Orleans. The atmosphere is good and the wait is not too long but it's worth itI finally got here to try the famous chargrilled oysters and they're good, but not the best in the area. It was my first time, so I didn't know what to expect. I believe they may have been over done bc they were kinda burned but still really tasty. The fish however was not good. They give you enough to feed like ten ppl no joke and the flavor of the crust is good. It's just not the type of catfish I'm used to and prefer.Someone told us that we had to try charbroiled oysters at Acme. Instead we tried to go to another restaurant because we were already there after coming from the outlets. The other restaurant told us we had a 45 min wait so we walked over to Acme in Harrahs. 
We were excited about their menu and their prices. We tried to order and they told us they ran out of oysters. It was 7pm. How are you an oyster restaurant when you run out of oysters 5 hrs before you close? We left and walked back to the other restaurant and waited. Disappointed.Boo Fries and some kind of wings that were both awesome.  We wanted to go to the "real" Acme location but the line was always crazy long.  Accidentally found this satellite location inside the casino and had some of the best food of our whole trip.Loved the gumbo and sampler plate. 
It was very busy -
Line down the street but went quick.  
Fun times and good food.Ugh, if you're open til midnight with a limited menu after a certain hour, PLEASE advertise that!!! Rolled in at 11pm and couldn't get charbroiled oysters. Sad- it's literally what we came for! Tables are filthy, no table service is one thing, but no one bussing or cleaning up is another. At over 20$ a dozen for rW oysters you'd think they could afford someone to clean up. My boom boom shrimp was drenched in grease. Not impressed.Honestly as a late night meal after Harrahs, a satisfying meal at Acme is a decision you won't regret. Although I prefer to slurp my oysters, these fried ones always hit the spot with the perfect seasoning!I came in late night to get food from ACME in Harrahs casino. Phylicia had a very bad attitude. I'm not sure because it was late or what, but I feel as though she could have been more welcoming. I had two friends with me who can agree with me. The food was good, service terrible.You're better off going to one of the other acme oyster house around town.  Food sucked (didn't finish it).  Not much service.  We came here because we were told by a local that this place was just as good as the other acme house...but minus the wait.  NOPE!
Wouldn't come here again.Horrible. Chargrilled oysters took 30 mins and we also ordered meat pie which we had to remind them several times after we ate our helping of oysters. When I finally decided AFTER 35 MINUTES the food was not worth it and I want a refund, the cashier saw she made the mistake of ringing up a soda instead. I tried to play it cool because I know it can be hard to be the only one taking orders but she made it as though made the mistake. Sorry not my probelm. I would suggest reading orders out before subtotaling so others don't have the same issue. This restaurant has people raving about the food but it always starts with the staff and service.This is the equivalent of a fast food restaurant at best...
it filled the gap at least what i had was nothing to brag about.
but i did notice that other patrons ordered the seafood platter and were enjoying there meals.
Unfortunate for me I doubt id return to this ACME at all.This Acme Oyster House is located in Harrah's Casino they have a scale down menu of all your favorites oysters oysters Rockefeller PoBoy sandwiches I mean you're in the casino gambling and you want an Acme then here you go I recommend you get there oysters on the half shellWe arrived in town after 11pm and decided not to stray far from the hotel. Many of the restaurants in the immediate area were closed so we ended up at Harrah's casino. Acme got pretty good reviews online so we decided to give it a shot reluctantly. 
This Acme location reminded me of a local hole-in-the-wall joint you might find in the hood. Yes, it's located in a casino but everything else about it screamed hood to me. There was music blaring loudly, mostly minority patrons and an over abundance of fried food being served. 
We ordered the gumbo and fried seafood platter. It came with fried oysters, shrimp and fish. I believe the fish was catfish but I'm not sure. I didn't care for the gumbo but the fish platter was pretty good. Everyone in my party enjoyed it. 
The staff were all friendly and attentive. Acme wasn't our first choice initially but it turned out to be better than we thought. I'd probably visit one of their other locations during a return trip to the city.Located in the Hoodoo lounge. We ordered the seafood gumbo and a shrimp poboy. It was 'okay'. The gumbo was tasty but a bit too salty for me. The shrimp were plenty in the sandwich,  but the bread was dry and chewy. This post deserves a 3 because the service was pleasant, attentive and hospitable.This Acme is inside the Harrahs casino.  I was staying at a hotel closer to the casino so I tried this place rather than walking down to the original location which I usually eat at when I'm in town.  This location has walk up counter service only.  The employee was very nice but the food severely lacked for an Acme.  I ordered a fried shrimp po-boy.  The bread was hard and stale and crumbled all over my plate.  The fried shrimp themselves were ok.  I asked for tarter sauce with my sandwich which I didn't get.  Since I was the only one in the place the girl went back into the kitchen after I got my food and I never saw her again.  I walked up to the counter a couple of times to see if I could get her attention through the window in the kitchen door but never saw her.  I had really been looking forward to a fried shrimp po-boy from Acme and ended up being completely disappointed with the stale dry mess I ended up with.  I ended up walking to the original Acme the next day for dinner so I could get the real deal.This place doesn't have raw oysters?! It's called "ACME OYSTER HOUSE!" WTF!!! Steer clear of this knock off piece of shit!!!We were confused when maps led us here instead of what we thought was an independent restaurant. (Later to find it was several blocks over). It was very very very loud and noisy. The ordering was like fast food too, which was odd for seafood to us. It's didn't disappoint taste wise though! Napkin sandwich and charred oysters were yummyThere's a special menu with cheap goodies. Oyster shooters for 2! Let the party continue !We spent a week in New Orleans and tried many fine restaurants. One of our friends wanted to try this place ( I think the long lines drew her in ) unfortunately we paid $100 and I got sick. We came in very close to closing time so I think the food prep people were in a rush to go home. I could not sleep that night. Raw clams should be taken very seriously therefore the one star review.Solid, good alternative from the location in the quarter and metarie.  Went here first thing when it opened up.  Come here later and you will be waiting in line like the other spots.  The Jambalaya is fantastic, the oysters are outstanding.  It's open cafe style set up in the Casino.  Good food, good drinks, Good times!
Grade: B+When I went to my Saints game,  I stopped by this joint and ate oysters on the half shell. Wow it's so good! It's a good place to go.First stop in NO was Harrahs to gamble. Saw Acme and needed to try something. 
This is a small bar counter restaurant. Not as good as the actual restaurant.
I had the New Orleans Medley $13 and the Peace Maker Po Boy $13.
New Orleans Medley came with Gumbo, Jambalaya, and Red Beans and Rice with a Grilled Smoked Sausage. All tasted fine but nothing great. A bit salty for me. Sausage was just ok.
Peace Maker Po Boy, fried oysters & shrimp. Good fried sandwich but the seasonings and sauce were nothing special. 
Overall not great.SHOW ME THE MUSTARD!! I enjoyed my hot sausage patty po boy. I just wish Acme had mustard. The cashier/order taker was fast with getting the line down. My food came to me quickly as well. This was my first time at an Acme location.I know some feel that Acme is overrated but the one thing I enjoy is their consistency. Everytime I have gotten the gumbo and oyster poboy..it has always been pretty damn tasty. They fry the oyster a bit hard which is what I like..no pun intended. :)  The gumbo always has good flavor. I just visited the one in Harrahs..never have to wait in line like the one in the quarter or metairie. Only down side is there are no char broiled at this location.So disappointed that they carry the same name as the original Acme on bourbon but don't serve the same food. Warning: boo fries come with no meat! And they don't have the famous chargrilled oysters.Horrible service! Out of everything almost at 11pm on a Saturday. I have been waiting 45 min for my order. I had to wait 15 min with only one person infront of me to place my order. The cashier didnt seem to really care or apologize for the major inconvenience. Half the people behind me in line just left as I should have.This place was ok the so called 
Manager named Dustin was very rude he told me to to move my chair and then he threw the garbage can by my table as I was trying to eat . Ask him to move it said it wasn't going g to happen. I ask for the ma the said he was the manager. By him saying that corporate will be getting contact because that was definitely a safety hazard.I HATE OYSTERS or so I thought. I tried a charbroiled oyster for the first time, after previously only having raw oysters in Texas and I LOVED it. It really was so much better than I expected and I definitely will travel back to have them here. I also tried the fried shrimp platter with red beans and rice along with potato salad. I loved all of it and I'm very picky. This was the best place we dined at during our stay in New Orleans and it was worth the wait. I suggest you arrive early but either way, don't be surprised by the line. This place is THAT good.Horrible customer service. Phylicia was entering our order and was so rude the entire time. We came here for oysters but apparently they had recently run out but we didn't see the hand written sign. She said "no. Read the sign!"  Then proceeded to roll her eyes while we quick read the menu. She then only put one order in, when both of us clearly ordered a meal. When the one meal came out, we asked her about the second order and she said "did you see it on your receipt? If it's not there, it didn't get ordered."  Never apologized. Never offered to make the meal on the fly. Nothing. Never going back. Terrible. Bye Phylicia.$15 for a po-boy that barely has anything in it. Definitely not like the acme oyster house down the street. Never again!Acme is the best oyster house in New Orleans. Unfortunately they were afraid to let my skinny Argentina wife take the oyster challenge last night. The manager claimed they were too busy to let her compete. The challenge is 15 dozen for a free t-shirt. They really should have let her do it because we still sat at the shucker bar. BTW she did 8 dozen oysters a margaritas and a bread pudding in 20 minutes. Watch out Acme-we will be back next time we are in New Orleans- she wants her name on the Hall on Fame board on your wall forever!!Yum double yum!!!!
Po boys , oysters , jambalaya !!!
Had the fried oyster po boy and it was ahhhhmazing!  The oysters were great!!!! Fresh and tasty.
Loved the ambiance here would go back and being inside Harrah's super plus ! 
Very enjoyable.Great for a quick lunch in harrahs. Cole slaw was delicious. Hush puppies and fried shrimp were hot and fresh. I recommendThis location is not as good as Acme Oyster House on Iberville St. This is more of a fast food restaurant where you order your food at a counter and have a seat with number. I just stopped in for their chargrilled oysters and immediately noticed that this location charges $3.00 more for a dozen oysters. ($22.99) The oysters were dry and the parm cheese was cooked into the shell. This made them not as good as the original location. The original location uses more garlic butter and this keeps them from over cooking and drying out. I also ordered the Boom Boom Shrimp and was disappointed that the shrimp taste old. The sauce on the shrimp was delicious. 
Acme is located in the Harrah's Casino so it's pretty loud and super charged with energy. There is lots of opportunity to people watch and enjoy the excitement. The staff was really friendly and the food arrived quickly.Me and the family came to the Acme Oyster House in the Casino. We order and when we got our order the lady charge us for something we didn't order. 
We do recommend to come here, but please watch your bill. They will put things on your card without you knowing it. 
The fried crab claws were amazing, but still I gave this place two stars. Because it's not right that they put stuff we didn't ask for and paid for it.There was wait outside but it was worth it. This was my first time trying chargrilled oysters because I have issues with textures, but sheesh.... I feel like I've been missing out. Oh-Em-Gee they were amazing! The flavors, the sauce, the cheese the oyster everything was so good. I did chino down on a few small pearls and thought it was my teeth so I panicked for a minute. 
The buffalo shrimp was ok, but had I known it was baby shrimp I probably would have passed and ordered something else. The gumbo was good but the rice was crunchy, like it wasn't cooked long enough or we were served rice from the bottom of the pot. T sampled the fried fish and hush puppies and both were equally good. 
The service was great and so were the drinks. I would come back to enjoy the oysters again.I would have given half a star but it wouldn't let me. I went to Acme at 11:00 P.M. I began to order a 1/2 dozen of charbroiled oysters and before I could complete my sentence the lady yelled at me "I AM NOT DOING CHARBROILED OYSTERS ANYMORE TONIGHT" in the rudest tone. Let's keep in mind they are open until 3:00 in the morning and no where did it advertise there was an end time on the charbroiled oysters. I let it go and ordered the jambalaya & when it hit my table it was cold. It was served as if they had heated up left overs in the microwave. 10/10 would NOT recommend. 
The only reason I wanted to give a half star is bc I ordered fries & it's hard to mess that up.This is the seafood etoufee  with  fried crawfish added. The Uber driver hyped this place so I as expecting a more distinct taste , it was meh. Definitely not bad but nothing to write home about. I also had the sweet/spicy shrimp appetizer, was over priced, over seasoned and the sauce was def store bought  we waited in a very long line but were seated within 15-20 mins, the service was also very fast. If you are with a big group they will only bring a maximum of 3 tickets which I thought was weird so make arrangements at your table for this.This place is horrid. The raw oysters smelled like they came out of dirty, stagnant salt water. The sausage poor boy was gross. The service sucked. The main guy that took the orders and brought the food had a huge attitude. I'd give 0 stars if I could.They ran out of oysters.... at a f***ing oyster house... that's literally all you need to know to figure out this place sucks.Don't waste your time or money! Service is horrible. I've been here twice & both times staff rude, slow service took 45 min to get charcoal oysters. Others that ordered after us got food long before we did, appeared they were regulars. Mentioned to server she said they must have just mixed up orders. The oysters were not nearly as good as Drago's. Bread was stale  like had set out all day, not even toasted was hard as rock! Will NEVER eat there  again!!!What a horrible experience. Been coming to Acme for yearssss (and have written many positive reviews) I recommend it to everyone visiting. Well that will be no more. Tried the one in Harrah's TWICE figured the first time was a fluke... I was wrong! I have never been greeted so harshly ever!  You have staff who says thank you when you decide to not place an order after I was yelled at by your waitress for asking what sides were available because they were out of salad. Same waitress was also touching her hair and face and then raw oysters that she then angrily ran out to another table. Unacceptable. I hope you go out of business for lending your name to such a terrible operation. Health Dept should be notified. And it's a real shame because I love the food. If you read this go to Dragos instead and save yourself a terrrrrible experience!Skip it. Should have known eating in a casino was a bad idea. There are much better options close to here. 
You order at a counter and then sit in a lounge. Shrimp was good. Oysters and fries were not.This is my first time trying Acmes in Harrahs, was really disappointed.  Normally a fan of Acmes at their other locations, but the food here does not compare to other Acmes at all!  The service was also horrible, the workers were rude and they rush you when you are trying to order.. we had the following:
- Boo Fries - French fries topped with our own roast beef gravy and cheese - fries were limp, gravy was bland, and the shredded cheese was just sad!
- Chargrilled Oysters - Sizzling, chargrilled oysters saturated in an herb butter sauce, topped with a special blend of cheese - normally my favorite at Acmes, but it lacked a lot here, no flavor at all, just all butter..
Avoid this location at all cost, even if you are drunk and need food!!Went looking for chargrilled oysters. This is a small spot located inside of the casino. Menu is limited. Fairly priced, but nothing special in my opinion. I probably should have tried a pie boy as those were what everyone raves about. Maybe next time.We come here every time we're in town. The oysters are great. Especially the charbroiled ones. Everything else is fried. I feel like I'm going closer to dying when I finish the food. The sweet potato fries are mediocre. Bottom line stick to oysters!No stars here service is terrible waited 2 hours just to order and they never took my order! The staff was terrible!! I saw them throw food away !This is a counter service restaurant.  Menu is on wall, staff prepares your drink the hands it to you. Staff brings food to table.  We had a Acme Oyster House gift card which they did not take. We ordered unsweet tea. No sugar substitute in bin or lemon.  Asked for sugar substitute they said they did not have any.  We ordered shrimp poor boy and shrimp poor boy with gumbo.  The shrimp were tasty but the bread tasted like it was day old bread.  Gumbo was good. Service was average at best and the guy never smiled and was unfriendly.  This was the first time and the last time I will go to this location.  We have visited two Acme Oyster House at  locations previously and enjoyed  both of them.Avoid this  place even when ur drunk! Lady cashier must have been on her period!  Nasty ass attitude and disrespectful to a customer that just asked for a cup of water. The manager was very appolgetic. Kudos to him for being so kind! Still....food was okay and service from that lady was awful!Yuck. Ordered the shrimp po-boy and my friend ordered the oyster po-boy. I've had a better sandwich at subway. Tiny little shrimp that didn't even come close to filling up the bread not to mention they were over cooked and bland  Waste of money. If you visit NOLA there are plenty of other places I would go before hereACME IS SO GOOD. So worth the hype and the wait. The oysters were fresh and the crab claws were delicious. The jambalaya, gumbo, EVERYTHING was so yummy not to mention it's right off of Bourbon St. Will definitely be returning if I'm ever back in NOLA.This place is amazing. The wait sucks but it's worth it. The best charbroiled oysters you're going to get. 
We enjoyed 6lbs of crawfish, 3 dozen oysters, etouffee, poboys, cray puppies, and andoiulle sausages. 
Always a New Orleans staple. Highly recommendedThis is a seafood place in the casino. The cost of the food to the quality is pretty poor. I would say it is a step up from Long John Silver's, but not really great. You can buy seafood of various types that are deep-fried with batter.
I would not come here again unless it was the only thing open late at night.Ordered seafood etouffee.   Rice was rock hard.  Wife told worker they needed to throw rice out.   Was offered something else in exchange she they took her food and said she would tell manager. New order never came after waiting for 20 min.  Walked out.   Incredibly rude service.   In need of new management.   They accept fast food mentality here while carrying the great acme name.Update: Forgot to add THEY DO NOT HAVE RAW OYSTERS HERE! 
Harrahs! What on earth were you guys thinking? You replaced the old restaurant with this junk? 
The women employees were rude and snobby as hell. The woman behind the counter literally had a staring contest with me. Usually when I say "hey" to a person behind the counter, they either reply back with "what can I get you?" or "what would you like to order?" But noooo. She stood there. Looked at me. Fiddled with things on her counter while I waited for a response. She tried to make herself look busy for 15 minutes. I was at the breaking point of leaving until another couple behind me walked up to order and she was ready to take their order (The couple was black and so was the lady behind the counter, by the way). Luckily the couple was nice enough to point me out and say I was first. So I ordered the fried seafood platter. She was not nice about me ordering. Why? I don't know. Seems like she had some type of hate towards some people. 
Once I got my food and sat down. The table was dirty. The woman that wiped it down so we could sit did a really bad job. Or maybe she just didn't care. There were still visible stains. At this point I just wanted to sit down and eat peacefully. I asked one if the women walking around if I could have two plates. She said okay and walked off. I saw her walked pass us at least 3 times before getting up and asking the cashier for some plates. This atmosphere made it uncomfortable to eat in. I should have walked out. The fried seafood platter was okay. The gumbo, however, was nasty. I have eaten gumbo many times at Acme and it's always good. 
I don't see this place being open for long. Restaurants come and go at that location. To have a bunch of lazy racist women working there, I don't see how people would want to come back. We really wanted to eat at the buffet at first but the line was ridiculous. Next time I'll go to McAllisters.they would not let me order more than a 1/2 dozen oysters because they don't have a shucker they only had two people so you  stand in line for 20 minutes before you place your order for everyone who ordered after you get their food before you do and every time you ask you're told "I got you". So finally an hour later I have SOME of the goodies paid for and have to ask fortune rest as they simply  forgot about it!!!
DONT COME HERE!!!DO NOT GO HERE!! The oysters are not fresh and not cleaned!! There is sand all inside too!! The outside was oily and stained our fingers with black residue!! We didn't even eat any it!! I don't know if this location is linked with the one off Bourbon Street or not but just wait in the line for the other location. You'll get sick if you eat here!!After traveling I was just too hungry to venture out of the casino. We wanted to get something lite not to spoil dinner. I chose 1/2 shrimp po boy and my husband chose 1/2 beef po boy. Both were hardly edible with chewy bread that I'm assuming was microwaved to heat up. I had to clean my own table with napkins - yuck. This is one place we will try again.We jam packed our schedule with food and adventures in NOLA. I do wish we could have been to a standing Acme restaurant, but this was a quick easy alternative and we thought it was good quality!
For the food we ordered...
1) Charboiled Oysters - Oh man oh man. My friend raved about these and I'm so so glad she did. The only mistake I made was ordering 6 rather than the full 12... Major food regret. Definitely have to get this one no matter how hungry you are!
2) Fried Shrimp Po Boy - We wanted to try a po boy, however this was not the best we had in NOLA. The sandwich is loaded with beautifully crispy shrimp, but the flavor was a bit lack luster.
The ambiance was a casino, so what do you expect. At least we went during the day so it was quiet and not as smoky!I know, it's been awhile. I know. I know! But I'm back now and SO ready to tell you guys about all the foodie adventures I've been on.
Let's get it poppin,
In January I decided to visit a longtime bucket list destination and made my way to NOLA. Let me start off by saying what an explosion of flavors this town was. A definite must go at some point in your life, but true to story if you're here, you're eating A LOT. So of course when we dropped down in NOLA town we hit up a few must haves. 
Let's start with ACME Oysters, my boyfriend and I hadn't intended on hitting this spot up, but upon running into a darling couple over drinks the first night raving about it. We knew we had to make it a point to get there. 
WOW, WOW.
When you turn the corner and peep the neon red sign something inside tells you, it's about to pop off. Simplistic in style, checkerboard floors and a bouncer at the front door? This place must be lit. My boyf and I were promptly sat and attended too and given a pretty great run down of the menu.  We started off with a half dozen chargrilled and a half dozen fresh oysters just to see what all the hype was about. The fresh oysters were tasty but nothing in comparison to the chargrilled. The chargrilled was by far one of the best I've ever tried, a perfect balance between the richness of the melted cheese alongside the natural brine oysters normally have. Seriously such an explosion of flavor. 
My boyfriend decided to try out a PO Boy which did a PO job of impressing him especially after such a flavorful appetizer. I went with a veggie burger which surprisingly was a lot better than the Po Boy and tastier than most I've tried. As you can see our entree options weren't nearly as enticing as our app which caused us to come back 3 more times on our week stay!
Guess it goes without saying this is a definite MUST have when in Nola.Chargrilled oysters were awesome! Our table of 5 was seated quickly to say it was a big holiday weekend. The drinks were alright. I tried the hurricane and it was a little too thick. My twin at heart had a Swedish Mule & she didn't care for her drink either. She's a fan of the Mule drinks (Moscow Mule and etc.)
Since our friends never had chargrilled oysters before we ordered 2 dozen for our table and show them how we enjoy them, as well as how we've seen others. They quickly adapted and LOVED them. My twin at heart LOVED dipping the bread in the buttered sauce that they use to grill with he oysters.
We all ordered entrees. I order a catfish po'boy, two ordered red beans, gumbo, & jambalya, and the lady ordered a shrimp po'boy. Everyone enjoyed their entrees very much. It was pretty filling to say it was just the po'boy no side. It was also pricey to say sides did not come with it. 
Overall the experience was a good one.I can't really speak to the quality of food, since they were out of... wait for it... OYSTERS!!  At the Acme OYSTER House.  Since that was all we wanted we left (unfortunately after the husband just paid $12 for 2 beers).Great meat pies! Great service! The customer service was awesome. I love that the meat pies are smaller and you get multiple! Makes it worth the price.THIS PLACE IS TERRIBLE. Service is trash. They don't cater to anything you ask for.  Will not come backI have never been big on oysters until having their grilled oysters. They were absolutely amazing and we couldn't stop at just one dozen, we had to order another to go with our meal. The fish and shrimp combo is a bit much but amazing. I'd highly recommend trying the gumbo as well!We ate here late Saturday night/early Sunday morning after a show at the Fillmore. We needed some food to soak up a bellyful of drinks, and this place served that purpose.
My husband ordered the jambalaya, which arrived on a massive platter with sliced bread rounds. It was definitely not the best NOLA had to offer, but at midnight, it was a massive plate of carbs and did it's job to soak up the heavy drinking.
I ordered Gumbo Poopa, which was gumbo served in a white bread bowl. This is definitely not Panera and the bread bowls do not have a crispy shell. Instead, it was a soft bowl that nearly disintegrated into a slimy mush while I ate the gumbo. The gumbo was not bad at all, but I would recommend avoiding the poopa next time.
The restaurant was dirty, tables were not cleared, and it's in the middle of a loud, crowded casino. You order at the line and are given a number to place on your table. A server drops off your food, and in our case, it arrived very quickly.
Listen, if you are sober, eat somewhere else. There are a million places nearby that are a million times better. But if you need carbs and convenience, this fits the bill.If u love oysters and want to try something amazing, come here and get charbroiled oysters. They r the best in the city. I was told by the bartender not to get potato salad but everything else is great. They r a staple of the city and nobody does it better.Go to the location in the French Quarter wait in line and you will not be disappointed. The chargrilled oysters at the Harrah's location tasted microwaved. They were awful! I LOVE Acme but this location is so not the Acme I'm used to.First off I do not like oysters. I've tried them raw, fried and baked and typically they are just not that great. BUT I went to acme with a friend and she said I had to try chargrilled oysters. OMG they were delicious! I now know why there was a line they were fabulous!We came here late at night from just getting off the plane. We were staying at Harrahs and this was just conveniently located at the casino across the street.
This place was really dark and dingy inside. We tried the seafood etouffee, gumbo and charbroiled oysters. Everything was not really good. The gumbo tasted like slop, the oysters didn't taste that fresh. 
I wouldn't recommend this restaurant unless it was the only restaurant in town that was open. 
I heard the ACME on Bourbon street is way better, so will defiantly have to check it out next time.I'll stick to the location across from the lakeside mall. There was maybe about 3 people ahead of us but it took nearly 30 minutes of waiting in line to order. I noticed that the seafood platters at this location doesn't give you hush puppies as a side choice, you have to pay for them, but the food was good.If could give it 0 star I would. The manager is rude and pathetic. You can't run a business like this. This acme location is not managed by acme and I definitely can tell. When you have a manager that dont care about his customers at all. This place is a joke.AMAZING. Saw the restaurant on man vs food and I wanted to try it right away. I love oysters and they live up to the beat oysters in the US. IT is a bit cramped and you end up sitting very close to strangers but the food makes up for it. I got so lost in my meal I forgot about the accommodation.Save your time and money and go to the actual restaurant. This place is nothing like acme oyster house. However, the chargrilled oysters did not disappoint. Everything else was prepared beforehand and you can totally tell. We got the boo fries, jambalaya, chargrilled oysters, and gumbo.For the love of god please go somewhere else. 
Decor - Typical bar. At 9pm only like 4 people were there. However everything thing was sticky and left over garbage on at least 5 table and tiny bugs like fruit flies everywhere
Food - I've never had such bad quality seafood. I was scared to finish the oysters (usually my favorite) because what I saw around me. The shrimp in the po-boy was basically reheated frozen fish with freezer burn.
Staff - as bad as it gets. The guy behind the counter messed up my order which was not a big deal. Well the manager flipped out on this poor kid . . . Was cursing and yelling. I was scared to ask for a change. That got me a little shook and I just leftSigh. We went to the actually ACME restaurant and the line was so long! I was so hungry so my boyfriend decided to find another ACME and it was located inside the casino. When we went inside, it was similar to a food court. I didn't like the service though. The girl didn't look nice, she had a look like she didn't want to be there. We got the seafood gumbo soup and a dozen raw oysters. To be honest, I don't recommend you going there to eat unless you wanted to play something in the casino and grab something quick in there. The oysters did not taste fresh at all and the seafood gumbo did not have that much flavor.The food is amazing! You definitely want to do the charbroiled oysters they come out bubbling and smelling delectable. We ordered a small seafood etouffe.  The fried seafood platter was delicious.  The shrimp and oyster po boy was delicious as well.  The bread was soft and not too thick.  Definitely going back before the end of our trip!Tried this place on our trip to New Orleans. There was a line outside the door, but the wait was actually only about 5 mins. The chargrilled oysters were amazing. If you go, definitely start with a dozen, they're that good. I had the fried fish, which was also equally as good. The fish was so good my mom ended up ordering a side of fish for herself after tasting mine! 
The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because the Poboys weren't all that great. The roast beef poboy is more similar to a pot roast, not like deli roast beef (just something to keep in mind).5/5 Stars for the food. 
10/5 Stars for the waiter, Edward. 
Edward is truly incredible and I would be very upset if he doesn't get the recognition he truly deserves. He provided my party a warm and energetic NOLA welcome and would engage with our group in a fun way. We had no clue if he was stressed, busy, or upset because he was dedicated to our table as much as he was to the surrounding tables. We came here off the recommendations of a friend, no one in my party have been to NOLA before. Edward provides detailed and honest information about the items on the menu. Even for drinks people were unsure of, he was confident in finding a drink that they enjoy. Overall, Edward started our night with a fun and positive attitude which I could see he had that same effect on other tables. Honestly, the food was great and I would come back if I'm in the area but I would definitely walk in because of waiters like Edward.Charcoal grill oyster is very delicious but other dishes were so so. Maybe should order grilled food.Acme Oyster House inside Harrah's New Orleans
Hubby and I were desperate for something to eat the night we arrived in NOLA, late, after a long flight schedule that included a layover in Las Vegas. It was finally around 2:30a when we got to our room. We weren't up for a long wait or a walk to the French Quarter although that weekend was very much happening with the long Labor Day weekend and Southern Decadence celebration. 
We were happy to stumble upon the Acme Oyster House inside Harrah's. From our hotel we just crossed St Peters St. and we were there. Very convenient. We placed our order at the counter and food was served to our table. Seating was shared inside the Hoodoo Lounge. The lounge had a charming décor and a friendly atmosphere. Music played loud.
Hubby enjoyed the Fried Shrimp Platter which also came with fries and coleslaw. I had a cup of Chicken Gumbo and their New Orleans Bread Pudding w/ whiskey sauce for dessert (only because they ran out of Bananas Foster Cheesecake)... it was okay. I did like the chicken gumbo. It quelled our hunger. Glad we made it there before they closed at 3:00a. The staff was friendly. No wait service except when they bring your order to your table. 
Review #1494I have to day.. one of the best places to go...i enjoyed the oysters and drinks. Plus the customer service was greatAre there words to describe how delicious this food is?! I truly enjoyed the variety of Cajun/creole food offered here. The foos was well seasoned and of good portion. I initially went for the crawfish, but due to the time of year that I went (August), the crawfish was not offered, so I had no option but to try something different. I decided to get the charbroiled oysters, and I was pleasantly surprised. I'm a big fan of raw oysters and I try to get them every chance I get from a reputable source lol. The charbroiled oysters were well seasoned with, what I believed to be, parmesan cheese, garlic, butter and herbs. They are a huge seller at Acme, and I can see why. I strongly encourage oyster lovers and non oyster lovers to try this signature dish of there's, you won't be disappointed!We came here off multiple recommendations... and were sadly disappointed.  Got the medley (sampler plate) to taste a few items, along with dessert.  It... was... awful.  I've had better at the likes of Popeye's!  The red beans & rice had no flavor, the sausage was rubbery, and the bread pudding just tasted like wet bread & loads of sugar.  
Nothing about this place or its food is special.
Definitely not onboard with this bandwagon.Trash restaurant with awful service.  Walked up to a dead restaurant on a Thursday we'll before closing only to be told they "weren't serving any oysters."  No reason given .  This place an absolute joke.One word Disappointed!! 
I heard so much how you had to get the chargrilled oysters from acme. I wasn't impressed at all. To be honest it made me sick after I ate to and I wished the put a little more of the garlic butter and cheese.
The whole experience just left a bad taste in my mouth from the undercooked oysters and the grass wasn't fresh at all. I can Atleast say I tried it but won't be back.Alright food. Service was ok. Food came out pretty fast but just didn't really hit the spot. Being in a casino though it wasn't that bad. Had the charbroiled oysters and red beans and rice.Great New Orleans food!! Ate here 3 out of 4 days we were in NOLA! The jambalaya was good, delicious po boys and really good fries!! The pirate ship at the bar was awesome and the service was very good. I would recommend anyone who wanted to grab a quick bite to come here.Located inside Harrah's Casino off to the side of Hoodoo Lounge, tucked away and slightly hidden. The food was awesome, very much like the original. The menu is pretty much the same although there is no table service, you order at the counter and they bring your food out to you. Amazing jambalaya, awesome herbaceous gumbo, red beans and rice to fawn over. If you can't make it to the original or don't want to wait in line, come here and enjoy the food.A convenient location for folks staying at Harrah's Casino & Hotel, but underwhelming food & service.
ACME is an iconic establishment that visitors seek when coming to the Big Easy.  However, their location in Harrah's needs some attention.  We still loved the Monday karaoke night vibe and had so much fun, but the restaurant service and food quality could use some work.  Long story short, every chargrilled oyster (5 dozen) was burnt to a crisp and the servers that we interacted with were just plain rude.  Our business didn't seem welcomed here.
The saving grace for this place was the awesome bartenders and the karaoke MC on the job.  They were great people.Located inside the Casino. Very noisy. AC was on and it was freezing cold. These issues could have been overlooked, except that I specifically went there for the grilled oysters, only to find out that the oyster house, was out of oysters ....This was the alternative location for my group of friends as they were against waiting at the French Quarters location that wrapped around the block. I guess we got very lucky with the service here after reading through all of the reviews that were given to this location. I was able to order everything I wanted with ease. Only finding seating was a pain in the butt as that was an every man for themselves situation.
I got the Fried Peace Maker Po Boy which has both fried oysters and fried shrimp which apparently is voted one of the best sandwiches by someone or some publication. Well it was really good never-the-less and I guess it deserves to be on some sort of top sandwiches list. I also got a half dozen order of the Chargrilled Oysters and they were as good as everyone said they were.
Food is phenomenal. I guess I got lucky with the service here. Finding a seat to eat your food here is the only pain in the butt part of the experience. I hope to come with friends that don't mind waiting and eat at the French Quarter location the next time I'm in NOLA.Oysters are typically a slimy subject but surprisingly Acme Oyster House charbroiled oysters were a buttery, garlic-ish, plump, cheesy and overall a delicious good time.  Definitely my first time experiencing what appears to be a super trendy Nola dish, however this definitely will not be my last time.
The restaurant itself is an un-organized cafeteria style hot mess express. So many people so little seating with no structure at all. The food arrives at random with not particular order and the frozen daiquiris here are very weak!!!!!!!
Convenient location on Canal Street located inside of a casino. Feeling lucky take a gamble with your appetite.This is the Acme inside the Harrah's casino. It has a limited menu compared the the other Acme restaurants. It is good for a quick snack. Not as good as the French Quarter location. The Boo Fries were good and filling.Chargrilled oysters! We stayed around the corner, this location is inside Harrah's. It shares a corner with a full bar and there are tables for self seating. 
You order at the counter, get a number and place it on your table. We got the dozen chargrilled oysters, seafood gumbo, and jambalaya.
Food came out in less then 10 minutes. Verdict?
1. Chargrilled oysters- 4 stars, flavor was delish but a bit overcooked, crusty, and made it hard to eat with the bread.
2. Jambalaya- 5 stars, had sausages and great flavor
3. Gumbo- 3 stars. Flavors weren't all there for me and tasted like it came from a can.
Hoping better results at the original location. 
We also ordered a Moscow mule, and top shelf Long island at the bar ($22 for the drinks), a bit pricey but made great pregame for the slot machinessssProbably one of the worst places I've ever visited. The service was horrible. There was only one cool and one server who was also taking orders. She was completely overwhelmed and was being extremely rude to the customers. 
It was pretty over priced for extreme mediocre food. Try somewhere if you're hungry. If this is the only place open, go hungry...I went on Friday night, 8/26, as our final outing before we ended our trip early due to the hurricane. My sister was so excited to try the chargrilled oysters. I was less excited because I don't eat oysters so it didn't sound super appetizing, but she said we had to try it together and I had no choice lol. I ordered the seafood étouffée with crawfish and it was so delicious. The crawfish was fried on top but it was seasoned perfectly and so tender. Those chargrilled oysters were SO GOOD. A must have. We ended up getting a second helping because it was so good. Perfectly prepared. My complements to the chef. And the bartender was a great host. The banana fosters cheesecake was delicious tooThis review is for the Acme in the Harrahs Casino. After hearing so many good things about Acme we could not leave NOLA without eating here. We decided to try the Harrahs Casino location because we wanted to go to the Casino afterwards. I would highly suggest going to the location that is NOT in the Casino. The menu definitely seems more condensed, its in a corner of the Casino and has bar but is extremely loud due to it being open to the main floor of the Casino. 
I ordered the char-grilled oysters and the half shrimp po boy with fries. The food came out quickly and seemed fresh. I really enjoyed the char-grilled oysters, they were full of flavor and were really hot. The Shrimp po boy was decent, I expected more from it but I'm sure it would've been better at the original restaurant. A half po boy is more than enough food, I couldn't imagine eating a whole sandwich because the shrimp are good size. 
This location is good if you don't want to wait at the original restaurant or if you are already at the casino but I would definitely suggest going to the actual location.I was super excited to find that there was an acme oyster house inside Harrah's! Especially since the original location always has such a long line! I bought a half dozen of the char-grilled oysters. They were pretty good--2 of them weren't really hot, and there was an excess of white bread to go with them (of which, a few pieces were stale). Not exactly as good as I'd hoped it would be--maybe the original location is better? It was mediocre. Meh.Everyone talks about this place and now I know why! There was a line out front but it wasn't too bad. Came on a Friday around 11:00 and waited 15 minutes for 2 of us. The charbroiled oysters are AMAZING! Dreaming of them as I write this post. The etoulette was so good! This was my first time having it and whoa. I ordered the fried crawfish to go on top and it was a great idea by the bartender who was helping us. Finished off with softshell crabI hope to god this isn't associated with the actual acme oyster house because it's a joke. The boo fries had less then a teaspoon of gravy and barely any cheese on old fries. And the boom boom shrimp was straight out of the bag. It was actually so cold they were still stuck together with ice on one piece. Do not waste your money. Was so upset I refused to even go to the regular acme this time.I've had oysters before and we're not a fan. It's the consistency I think. I was determined to give it one more go after my friend swore by these chargrilled our Oysters at Acme (located inside Harrah's casino near River Walk). This Acme is smaller, with not as many tables as a normal restaurant but there's a full bar and a casino so what more could you ask for?!
Ordered the oysters and a shrimp salad. They didn't skimp on the canon seasoning for the popcorn shrimp, which was the star of the salad for sure alongside the house ranch dressing. There were plenty shrimp and the dish was filling for $13. The oysters were so delicious I found myself licking the shell. The bread that they serve with it really helps you get all those flavors and the oysters in one big bite. Throw in some horseradish and hot sauce and oh wheeeee! Overall..the oysters are legit if they got me to eat them! They definitely were a huge hit.Stopped by twice during our stay in New Orleans. Both times this location was out of Oysters. How does an Oyster House sell out of Oysters?! That's nuts. The seat yourself tables needed to be cleaned up, but the staff was so short handed they could only do so much. If they are unable maintain the iconic brand, they shouldn't be open here.This place is as amazing!! The atmosphere was great. The waitress was nice and friendly. The fish was nice and hot and crispy! There was a little bit of a wait but it was well worth it! When it comes to this place I would highly recommend trying it out on its Canal location that way you can eat great food and step out and enjoy the night life that New Orleans has to offer. I was also recommend trying to get apart of their "wall of fame"My first time here,  I wanted to increase my earnings but didn't want to leave the casino. It is located inside of Harras Casino. I had the shrimp and oyster po boy and wings. The sandwich had some of the freshest bread. It had a semi hard crunch on the outside and was soft on the inside. The shrimp and oysters were seasoned great and fried to make them crispy but not hard. The condiments complimented the sandwich perfectly. 
The wings are HUGE!  The we're lightly breaded then dipped in a mild sauce. They fried them until crisp and they were served hot.
The drinks are good as well and the bartender is good with creating options for you.