Fantastic Italian - add the Ocean Sauce for local flavor.  Accommodated our party of eight without problem or fuss. We had an 1.5 hour wait, ended up being just under that but believe me, we were glad we waited.
Began with an order of mussels and one of the cannelloni appetizers (delish!) as well as plenty of fresh garlic bread to go 'round.  Everyone at the table opted for their entre with the Ocean Sauce -- most agreed grouper was the best choice for fish and my brother Loved the veal. 
I will be back next time I visit New Orleans!
Tips:
- Cash only, but there is an ATM on site
- Make sure to check out the music in one of the venues surrounding the restaurant
- Don't be scared away by the wait!The ALL of the appetizers are just amazing... and ocean sauce... to die for.. I love this place. the first floor has great music and vibe~~ make sure to stop by n grab a drink. Adolfo brings out the magic in his dish =) just try!!Adolfo's has got a pretty intimate vibe. After passing a bar to the second floor, you're treated to an area with just a few tables.
It's creole-Italian hybrid style of cooking means there are frogs legs with pasta on the menu. The pasta is alright - it could use a lot more sauce, and is nothing fancy. Their peppercorn rum steak is pretty good though - the sauce is rich, the meat is tender, and they use whole peppercorns.
Note that this place is cash only. They do have an ATM, but it cost a good $4 to use.Tilapia, ocean sauce, perfection.
Worth the wait, especially if you're waiting in the bar downstairs.
My meal was better than anything else I have had before or since.  Period.Good food and atmosphere was pleasant except for the surly waiter, who had no sense of humor about the wine cork that came in my salad plate! Couldn't be bothered to listen to what the customer wanted when told that some bland noodles were needed. If serving six tables stresses you out, find different work.First time I went there and had the chicken parm, it was awesome. The garlic bread was so flavorful and awesome, I could kill all the sparkling "vampires" (because vampires don't sparkle, fairies do) in twlight by breathing on them. The pasta melted in my mouth, I didn't have to chew. Place was amazing, was kind of disappointed about their desserts though, as they're not made there but ordered from some place, in california. Either way food was still good.Food was decent. Cooked fresh and not saturated in salt. But we had to ask for everything... extra cheese for our salad and pasta, salt, pepper, bread and napkins. Once the bill came we realized we did not get a real receipt..  is this a New Orleans thing?We waited for about 1 hour on a December Saturday night. But it's totally worth it. We had two different kind of fishes with ocean sauce and mussels as appetizer. It's totally do you licious. This is the best fish that I've ever had in US. Two thumbs up!Where to start.   As we waited for this establishment to open, we notice the staff carrying supplies into the restaurant.   Salad mixes, frozen tiramisu, paper supplies.   We laughed thinking maybe it was like the TV food show "Chopped", where they take pre-made food and made tasty dishes.  Not for us.  House salad (Salad mix) with dressing, unsure if the dressing was store bought also.  I had the house daily special - stuffed flounder.  It was good and the "ocean sauce" - creamy sauce with small pieces of shrimp, crab and other seasonings, was as told very good. My husband had steak with the ocean sauce over it.  The steak was not a good cut, very fatty and unsure why the difference but the ocean sauce on his steak was full of pepper that it took away the flavor of the steak and the sauce.  The prices for our meal was a little unreasonable for what we ate (our own  kitchen produced better). We took pictures, you decide.  However our server was very good.Stick to the menu items or ask how much the specials are.  I think I was taken advantage of when I ordered the special tout dish.  It wasn't that good and it was $10 over the menu items and ended up being the most expensive item they had.  The server should have said something.  The dish could have used more seasoning and the stuffing they used was really dry.  I won't be back there.We came here on a whim and I was glad we did. They don't take reservations and on a Thursday night we waited 5 minutes and got seated. There aren't many tables, so be prepared to wait. The service was great and we shared the stuffed flounder and lamb rack specials. Both were excellent.Everything was delicious,  except for the complimentary garlic bread. The eggplant parm app was gooey, yummy, and filling. We had dishes with lemon, butter and garlic and it was truly amazing.We went in January and we literally had to warm our hands over the candles. The Ocean sauce was pretty good but I had multiple pieces of crab tendon and shell. The price for the portion of pasta I received was a little steep. I ordered the shrimp pasta with ocean sauce and literally had 3 shrimp.
The pasta was cooked very well and the sauce was sufficient throughout although it needed a tiny salt for my taste. My wife's chicken bricatta was very well done and seasoned magnificently.I really don't get how people rave about this place. Maybe we were really REALLY unlucky but my friend and I both agreed this was one of the worst Italian experiences we've ever had. We waited an hour and a half to sit (not an issue, we knew the deal). The menu was a little uninspiring. We had spinach and ricotta cannelloni to start. It was fine, but we both found it under salted. For mains we had chicken parmigiana and italian sausage pasta. The pasta was completely overcooked and clearly store bought. The marinara was tasty but ridiculously watery - we sent it back thinking the pasta hadn't been drained properly but it came back the same. Then... the chicken parmigiana was half chicken... half fish. How does that even happen? I took my first bite from the fish side and immediately knew what it was... I'm allergic to certain fish but luckily wasn't affected by whatever this was. Needless to say both entrees went back, were taken off the bill and we left. I thought the service was OK but my friend (who is a server) thought it was poor.Adolfo's Apple Barrel is a quaint little joint hidden behind some trees half a block from Cafe Brasil.  Adolfo himself cooks the food, which is tasty homestyle fare with a mild German slant, but feet firmly panted in New Orleans.  Good place for drinks with intimate friends.Hands down my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Get there early because they dont take reservations and the restaurant is tiny. We arrived right at opening and were able to sit at a private table by the window overlooking Frenchmen St. The ambiance was wonderful. Service was a bit standoffish but no real big mistakes to mention. 
We started with the mussels in white wine sauce. Delicious!  We had 3 baskets of bread and just about soaked up all the tasty sauce. 
I ordered the veal with ocean sauce and my girlfriend got the lamb chop. Both were wonderful, I couldnt decide which one I liked better. I read many reviews raving about the ocean sauce so I must admit I was curious to see if it would live up to all the hype. I can officially report it did. Exceeded my expectations actually, if that's even possible. 
Prices were pretty fair for the quality and portion size. Best Italian restaurant, if not restaurant, in all of New Orleans.As you may have already read this place is small so pack you patience and get some drinks because it will be a loooonnnggg wait. The Apple Jazz bar downstairs makes it much more bare able. Also there are no customizations with your meals so pick what you can eat. Cash only is another caveat. The food is soso one of the better options on Frenchman street. Service is okay, so drink up to enjoy.I love the mussels here. My favorite Italian place in the city for many reasons. It's not heavy so you can actually enjoy a delicious Italian dinner and not want to pass out for 10 hours immedeately after. The service is top notch and their recommendations are always spot-on. I'm a big fan of the location and the layout of the restaurant.
Grab some dinner here and catch a show at Snug Harbor, it makes for a great night in the marigny.Beware the giant pork chop!
We loved our Adolfo's experience! We wanted to eat early since we had missed lunch, so we headed over and were in line to get in before it opened. (5:30?) We got right in and grabbed a table in the cozy upstairs room, admired the art on the walls, and felt like we were in a 1950s Italian restaurant minus the Chianti bottle with the candle stuck in it. It felt like we were in on some huge secret. 
Our waiter was fine. Not awesome, but totally pleasant. He brought drinks, told us the specials and took our order. After a while, I smelled garlic bread toasting (in the tiny toaster grill behind the bar!). Sure enough, there were baskets of bread shortly thereafter. Buttery and garlicky! Yum. 
We had the crab and corn cannelloni to start. Yummy spicy cream sauce. The mussels looked good too. All our food was delicious, though it was pretty heavy (like so much food in New Orleans). I don't usually have a shrimp cream sauce with artichokes on my veal, but there it was. And it was delicious! The juice fast can begin when I get home...
Just beware of the pork chop special. It is described as a "double cut smoked pork chop" with a mushroom wine sauce. Sounds good, yes? And it is! Absolutely, without a doubt one of the most delicious things ever! Smoking the pork before grilling it is a genius move that I wish I could replicate at home. So tender and juicy, the knife cut right through the top chop and right into the bottom one. Huh? The bottom chop? Yup. It isn't really a "double cut" chop, but TWO two inch pork chops stacked on top of each other. What? Two TWO INCH pork chops stacked on top of each other. We could have easily all been full with one portion. The "gutter punks" on Frenchman St. ate well off our leftovers that night. 
Go. Go early. Go on an empty stomach. And then go next door to the Spotted Cat for some rad jazz (or stay at the Apple Barrel - they were just between sets when we left)!Great area of New Orleans and cute little venue with music and a bar downstairs and the restaurant upstairs. My first impression, however, came from the odor of the restaurant. It stunk of rotting parmesan when we walked in, although my comrades did not seem to notice. It made me feel like, if I ate, I might be nauseous. But, I gave it a few minutes as we sat at our table to settle in, and soon, I didn't notice the smell any more. 
The waitress finally came over, seemingly stressed despite it being a slow Sunday evening on a drizzly night. I momentarily felt like I was in someone's home on the day they decided to first cook Thanksgiving dinner for an extended crowd. 
We ordered the frogs legs, the escargot and the cannelloni with crab meat. The frogs legs were loved by their orderer, and I tried them to give my fair review: they were drenched in a flavorful sauce and had a somewhat slimy and hard chicken feel, which he said was normal. 3-star. They both said the escargot were just okay, failing to finish that plate; I was not Fear-Factor enough to venture into that dish. My cannelloni with crabmeat was fantastic, however, starting at a 4.5 and slowing with tongue boredom to a 3.5. It had great flavor including a wonderful spicy kick. And although its generous size made me happy at first (as it nearly filled me up for a few hours), I think that also worked to its demise to a 3.5. Either way, it's worth a try, particularly if you love crab meat and sharing with a crowd. 
Ambiance, odor and hasty hospitality aside, I'd give this place a 4-star for its food potential.10 tables, 2 chefs, 1 waitress, and the owner waiting tables! Can be a long wait but everybody wants to go to heaven right.   The food is just that Heavenly!  Bring tour patience, your cash and Your appetite. That are keeping the space small buy I assure they have control over every piece of food that is served.  Not like other great restaurants that have expanded or moved and lost what was great about the original!  The steaks, veal, fish and pastas will send your taste buds into a place where you feel like you are at the Chef's  house and he is cooking just for you!  A true pearl in my city which is my oyster!   Enjoy your first trip here and ask the owner to recommend the dish for you. Hope this is helpful.Locals are bad about not reviewing Adolfos for fear of the tourist finding it.Excellent food, great service and perfect New Orleans ambiance. The restaurant is up a flight of stairs, not a large dining room, and subject to long wait times. Definitely had my best meal in the Big Easy.Amazing food. Old time italian feel with a Creole twist.
Adolfo's is perched directly above a music lounge on the incredible Frenchman street. I had the veal with ocean sauce which was absolutely delicious. The sauce itself can be put on almost anything (someone else had grouper with ocean sauce and that was also great). 
Before I go on, let me explain that ocean sauce is made of shrimp crab and and crawfish meat. It is creamy and thick and I could bathe in it for hours. 
Very close to the other fun bars on Frenchman like rbar and maison. Worth a visit and very non-touristy!A must if you come to NOLA, been to this city 5 times now and I've eaten here 4 out of the 5.  Tiny place above an even smaller bar but the food is amazing if you don't mind waiting about an hour to get in.Still sitting at my table and in love with the food! We did wait a good hour plus for our table, but it was worth the wait! My sister and I split three appetizers of mussels, oysters and escargot. I have been in heaven blending the different flavored with the bread and shell fish. Just fantastic!!! Please do yourself a favor and order ANY of these appetizers. I rate the escargot first, then mussels, then oysters. All were absolutely amazing!!This restaurant!!! The best in New Orleans!! The best hole in the wall!! The food is fantastico!!!i want to stay here for s week and try everything!!! Sawyer, our waiter was great! Intelligent, well versed and so knowledgable on the entrees !!OMG! I had the steak Madrina which comes topped with shrimp scampi and it is to die for!!! The steak is perfectly cooked and seasoned and the shrimp is so succulent. This place is definitely everything it's cracked up to be!Fantastic little gem - that needs to be searched and looked out for like a treasure. To find it already proves to be a challenge and your mobile phone GPS will come on handy for that. slightly off the beaten tracks of the French quarter our hotel concierge (bourbon hotel) recommended this place - and boy was he right with that. 
Once you actually located the place and crawled up the stairs you find yourself in a little oasis with tasty smells coming out of the kitchen. Interior is simple - number of tables are very limited but if you are lucky enough to have conquered one of them you are in for a treat (no reservations, no credit card, no 21st century app nonsense). 
From the garlic bread, to the entrees and "secondi platti" things are really tasty, have great garlic / onion / mustard etc. taste and come in huge portions. 
We had the chicken creole/mustard and the chicken tyrel. Prices are reasonable incl. the wine bottles. come in early or otherwise you will be on the waiting list. 
Down below is a cute little club that completes the place nicely. 
Overall well recommendable.Absolutely phenomenal food. It's hard to believe that quality of food is prepared in that tiny space.
Sam our server was great .. we never touched a menu. He asked what we liked and recommended our meals and was bang on
Ambience was cool, prices very reasonable and the food was memorable...art market next store was an added bonus.
Steak with mushroom butter sauce and chicken piccata meals were delicious. Don't miss this place.Disappointed by this place. After waiting 3 hours for a table, we expected stellar food. Instead we got spoiled shrimp in our ocean sauce that made two people sick and they forgot to make one of our meals. When we told the waitress that the shrimp was bad, there was no apology and no discount.Extremely disappointing. This is a tourist trap - please note most of the reviews are from people who waited extremely long times. They were on Frenchmen Street, probably drinking for hours and just content with getting to sit down to some warm food... (I'm adding this because I went here based on the reviews)
I went on a Tuesday evening & there was no wait, the restaurant was half full & I was immediately seated. The service was fine, but the taste & quality of the food - especially for the price - was atrocious. The cannelloni was bland with no flavor. My side salad was nothing remarkable, and my boyfriend's side pasta was also extremely plain. I had the shrimp & crawfish pasta with alfredo sauce. I tried adding salt to it & the salt was just a frozen brick in the shaker, which makes me question their attention to details on all levels. The seafood was not fresh, with flavorless watery sauce. My boyfriend was heavily persuaded by our server to try the special, which was a strip steak with ocean sauce. It was overcooked, medium-well instead of the medium-rare he ordered & the sauce was the same quality of watery & flavorless like everything else. 
The best they had to offer was their complimentary toast - because it had butter on it. 
And the cost was absurd. We're both locals and love supporting local businesses and there are many amazing places in the city to eat. This is not one.I had the rack of lamb special, and it was fantastic! Not fancy, but very good. We had to wait 45 minutes for a table for six. Gave us a chance to look around the area.Do not eat here.  The wait was long due to the extremely small room.  The decor was dark and cluttered.  The food itself would be reason enough not to return, but it got worse.  A roach landed next to my plate. When the waiter saw my reaction he came and killed it, but I was unable to continue my meal, which I still paid for.  He apologized and brought me iced tea.  I would NEVER recommend this placeOk, basics were overlooked (no bread on the table, no pepper mill either) but our waiter Sawyer was great and the atmosphere was incredible. Old place, uneven floors and tables gave it its charm. We had the house salads, escargot, oysters Pernod, eggplant parm, cannelloni with crabmeat and another with sausage. Everything was delicious even though we were full before eating the sausage cannelloni. Nice Italian Pinot noir to wash it down and there was music in the street when we left. Great Time!!!! Cash only!I think the food is highly overrated, frankly. Had their recommended dish with ocean sauce, and it was honestly not nearly as tasty as I was expecting...creamy and bland.
If you're the type of person who goes into an Italian restaurant and orders a fettuccine alfredo, you'll probably like it.
Service was really quite nice though.We went here based upon recommendation from the door man at DBA after seeing my friend, the fabulous Linnzi Zaorski perform there. It was about 10 pm on a Wednesday and we were seated right away.  Our waiter was obviously a real foodie and his recommendations were spot-on. (He also cooks there a few nights a week, so we knew he knew what was best!)   I got the grouper with ocean sauce- tender, plentiful, and very fresh.  My boyfriend got a butterflied pork chop 5 inches thick and 10 inches round. He said it was cooked to perfection. He is a "good eater" but couldn't finish the whole thing on-site. Took the rest home to the B&B and he enjoyed it again microwaved at 3 am.  Excellent window seat view over Frenchman street. Very romantic, exquisite meal.  Perfect service. Cash only, but they have an ATM with a $4 fee.  I wish I could go back tonight.Full 5stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sooooooooooooo delicious !!!!!!!!!!!everything is good!so good!!can't believe !!!!!!!it is one of the best restaurant in my life......can't forget tonight....everything is perfect !!My husband and I strolled down to Frenchman street for the evening hoping to have dinner at Three Muses, but they were closed for renovations so we kept walking and came across this place.  The menu board out front was enticing and despite the mixed reviews on here we thought we'd give it a try.
The gentleman at the entrance warned us it would be about an hour's wait, so we went on in to put our name in with the hostess.  She was rather short with us when we did, but we figured she was just busy and brushed it off.  She did tell us it would be closer to an hour and a half so we told her we'd be in the bar downstairs.  
We got a couple of drinks and proceeded to have a thoroughly entertaining hour wait despite the horrid musical act they had in the bar.  Way too loud.  However, the bartender was engaging and friendly and we had a great time laughing with other patrons waiting for their tables.
At the one hour mark, the waiter, noticing we had been there longer than anyone else at that point, went to check on our table himself and said we were about 20 minutes away at that point.  
20 minutes later, the waitress came down and called two large groups (both of whom appeared to have given up and left).  We tried to ask how many were still ahead of us and she left up the stairs without answering.  The bartender apologized and offered us some ice water as we said we wanted to hold off on more drinks until we had eaten.
20 minutes after that, the guy from the door came down and called another couple up.  We asked him where we were on the list and he said, "I have a table for Kathy ahead of you and then you are up".
The lady came down and called Kathy a few minutes later.
Then she called two other tables for people who came in after us.  
My husband tried to ask her a question about why we weren't next and she ignored us to head back up the stairs.  The bartender got her attention and she said she "had no idea where we were on the list".  When we tried to tell her we'd been assured we were next she snapped that "lots of people were waiting".  When I replied that we'd been waiting over 2 hours, she yelled (not even exaggerating) "Everyone has been waiting two hours!".
That was the point at which we tipped the bartender and left.
It was our anniversary trip to New Orleans and we were treated like garbage at this restaurant.  I don't care how good the food might have been.  You don't treat potential customers like inconvenient trash.  Not only would I never go there again, I'm not sure I want to go back to Frenchman street again.  Horrible experience.  One star is given only because the yelp system requires something to be entered.I ordered my steak rare it came out beyond purple.  I ate the Ocean Sauce around it and when the waitress came to take my plate, I showed her not expecting much as I was full and not looking for it to be recooked.  She offered to take my dinner off the check and I thought that was very nice.  I heard her telling someone in the back I didn't like it and argued with him loudly for the whole restaurant to hear.  She then came back and said I'm so sorry but the manager wants you to pay for the plate because you ate the Ocean Sauce.  Get out of town!  I didn't ask for accommodation to begin with...  then this jerk yells from the kitchen and the waitress has to come back and apologize that I now have to pay for the food.  This restaurant is tiny and it caused a scene and was embarrassing.  I have never sent a plate back before in my life nor did I this time.  I'm so embarrassed and just want to run out.  To add insult to injury I have to wait for my check so the I can pay for the meal I didn't eat and got yelled at for.  Disgusting behavior.  And it's freezing cold in here....Two words.... ocean sauce! You can put it on anything but I recommend the grouper, delicious!
We dined around 7 pm on a Tuesday and JUST missed the wait. The place is small so get there early. Waitress was extremely friendly and attentive, even though they were short staffed that evening. Started with the mussels with white wine and garlic sauce.... very tasty and extremely large portion. My boyfriend ordered the rack of lamb, which was also very flavorful and delicious. A little pricey but definitely worth the money!Overrated! I arrived early and waited in line prior to the restaurant opening to guarantee a table. Having checked out the reviews and menu in advance, I was looking forward to eating here. 
I was sadly disappointed in the food, service and atmosphere. The garlic bread tasted like Pam sprayed on bread slices and toasted. No flavor. My chicken parmigiana was watery (yes, you read that correctly!) and bland. The best part of my meal was the glass of house Cabernet.Worst restaurant in ever been too. Two hour wait. Served drinks out of dirty glasses. Food prep man (who is out in the open) did not use gloves and obviously had a cold. 
Server was incredibly rude and condescending to me. We ordered Alfredo and got a butter sauce. Then the waiter told us they don't make Alfredo anymore, but refused to get us something else. 
My girlfriend was crying before we left. Not worth it at all!!We heard about this place from a friend and it was absolutely amazing! Remember that appearances can be deceiving! It is worth the wait! Enjoy!!Possibly the best seafood dish I have had EVER!  One of their special for today was sea bass. I had their "ocean  sauce".  This sauce is amazing. Tender tasty shrimp, plenty of crab meat and crawfish. No a drop of sauce left on my plate, yes it's that good. Sea bass was cook perfectly and very flavorful.  You can't go wrong, it's a no brainier. Enjoy!Described as Italian/Creole food, this place serves up pure deliciousness.  Adolfo's is a hidden, quirky, little gem that is found above the Apple Barrel Bar.  The seating is extremely limited and there isn't a time that they aren't busy, so expect a little bit of a wait.  But the wait is well worth it!  I've had the escargot, cannelloni with crabmeat and corn, scallops, and also the fish of the day served with ocean sauce....which is heavenly.  There are several different types of fish you can choose from, but the ocean sauce is a medley of crab, shrimp, crawfish, and capers swimming in a rich, garlicky sauce.  A must-try dish!!
Please note - this place is CASH ONLY!!!!Adolfo's Restaurant is an institution. They have 12 tables, a wait staff of 4, and no advertising budget (as evidenced by there inconspicuously placed sign). The location is a bit hard to find, so look carefully.  
The wait on the weekend is heroic but well worth it. 
If you are a redfish aficionado, you are in the right place. Order their redfish with the "ocean sauce"( a rich cream sauce full of crawfish tails and crab meat). 
As with most New Orleans institutions, bring cash and tip well. 
The waiters remember.Tried to eat there two nights in a row because our friend said it was her favorite. First night we waited patiently to put our name in & everyone ignored us so we left. Second night we finally got someone's attention and she rudely said "we're not seating anymore" We will never try again.No question... some of the best food in New Orleans. When I visit New Orleans, Adolfo's is always on my list to eat and many times twice in one trip. Everything is excellent.If you are a foodie, this is not your stop. The space is cute but the "ocean sauce"??? Disgusting. Honestly, where is the food with your food. This is not an authentic Italian restaurant. Who needs excessive cream and butter with their fish or seafood. The fish is unidentifiable! I do not recommend. Service was good, I will give it that. Otherwise, a two out of ten. If you cook or like to eat food for the taste of the food, a NO GO!!!This place was a dive and the steak was awesome! Worth the wait. Staff was really friendly.i had almost forgotten about this place - it's been so long since i'd eaten there and it's easy to miss.  went with a group of 8 last night and now, i can't wait to go back on a date night.  the place reminds me of the italian restaurant scene in lady and the tramp.  it's not fancy, but so romantic!  the food is fantastic.  narcissist made me order the fish michelle, but i'm glad i took his advice.  we were a rowdy bunch - ordered 6 bottles of wine - and our waitress indulged every whim.  i've read the reviews and i'm sure every word is gospel; it's not a place for everyone.  thank god.So as part of my "NOLA Food Tour 2018" I decided to stop here and check it out per my coworkers suggestion. Although our waitress was the best, the food itself was underwhelming. The entree came with either a salad or a pasta with marinara so I ordered the salad.  It came out first (typical, yes) but then when my salmon entree came out there was literally nothing else on the plate, so side, no garnish, nothing! Had I known, I would have asked for them to bring the salad out with my salmon.....then, wait....I forgot....the salad was out of a bag. Like the kind you buy from the supermarket on sale for 2/$5.  Our waitress also doubles as a bartender so I will say the tequila concoction she whipped was life changing! Be ready to wait if you go on a popular night, because the place is cute and quaint (emphasis on quaint) The service makes up for the average food, so it's worth the trip especially if your on Frenchman street anyway.Excellent food, great service. Rack of lamb and fish with shrimp and crawfish. Helpful recs.Wow! Great surprise. They don't take reservations, but it's worth the wait. Food was amazing. The stuffed flounder special last night AMAZING!  Markey, our server made our experience most enjoyable, and all of her suggestions were spot on! Try it, you'll like it.Went here for a girl's night, and it was a fantastic choice! Ocean sauce is definitely the way to go. Tonight one of the fish choices was grouper, which my friend and I got. We both agreed that this was one of the best meals we've ever had: the flavor of the fish in the sauce is to die for; add crawfish, shrimp and crabmeat, you just don't want the meal to end! Our other friends got the chicken Tyler and the veal ocean and absolutely loved them. We ordered the oysters as an appetizer, which was okay. The main courses though are what you want to come here for. Try this place out!The flounder with ocean sauce is so good. The salad was so good and the crab cannelloni absolutely blew me away. I can't  say how much I want to come back as soon as I can. But beware. It is cash only.I have never had talapia this good. I can't say anything negative about this restaurant. It is phenomenal. Hands down the best in NOLA.I heard a lot of hype about Adolfo's but unfortunately it didn't live up to it. I personally love garlic, but the garlic on the garlic bread was even too much for me. We got the veal and it is was a little gristly and the presentation wasn't the prettiest. It's above a bar, so you can hear what's going on down below. There's only 1 super tiny bathroom so you might have to wait. 
I would give it a second try if I had the opportunity, maybe I would change my mind.This place was such a little gem! Located down on Frenchmen street "where the locals go", and that was an awesome experience in itself! Ordered the flounder with the ocean sauce and it was simply amazing as the main course, but we started the night off with the mussels that were so delicious! You must check this place out!Amazing food in a quaint dining room. Well worth the hour plus wait. Great double cut smoked pork chops in a port wine sauce with mushrooms. Oysters pernot and escargot apps are to die for. The waitress Nicole was helpful and very cute. A must go if your on Frenchman street.Amazing!  Get the ocean sauce and you won't go wrong. I'd eat a shoe with that sauce- it's that phenomenal.  The canneloni appetizer was huge enough to be a meal. Great authentic foodThis place was a great find and food and service was amazing I would for sure come back again , everything was greatI feel like I'm reading about a place in bizarro land, in the other world.  The Adolfo's I went to, that I was recommended to go to by another local of awesome food (Killer Po'Boys) was delicious.  We arrived early since we were told they only have a few tables.  We had amazingly fast and friendly service.  We were told that they only accepted cash and we were ready to be carted out of there by the time we finished eating.  Yes, it was dark, but I know where my mouth is.  The pasta with Marina and the pasta with Alfredo sauce could've been better, but with a dash of salt on my Alfredo, it was to me.  The entrees are so large, I could still be eating it and that was almost a week ago!  I had the special, which was rainbow trout stuffed with crawfish, lump crab, CLEANED shrimp and something else that I can't remember now.  The sauce was delicious and I enjoyed every bite I could get into my mouth.  We were warned that the waiters might be greasy and the service might be sketchy, but we must've went on a great night because we did not find that to be the case at all.  I would definitely go back, around the same time and pray that they were serving the same special.  I feel sorry that people had such a bad experience in one of the greatest restaurants that I've eaten at in a long time.Really really good seafood. Definitely some old recipes here. Amazing food, every time I visit New Orleans I must go to this restaurant to get true New Orleans style seafood, as good as it gets!Delicious combo of creole and Italian. The dishes are on the heavy/cream side, so don't be afraid to ask the waiter for the lightest thing on the menu -- it will still be decadent. 
Be prepared for up to an hour wait on peak nights, but the surrounding neighborhood has plenty of distractions.
Pro Tip: a $20 bill, smoothly placed in the hands of the person running the list,  will get you seated promptlyYour first time here, GET THE OCEAN SAUCE ON WHATEVER FISH YOU WANT. It is RIDICULOUSLY delicious. We were just visiting and came here on a recommendation. I am definitely going to recommend this place to friends and possibly visit again in the future once I've tried everything noteworthy in NOLA!My husbands lamb was outstanding. But if you have any allergies or ask for something not to be included with your meal be aware you cannot deviate or make any adjustments.  They also did not give us any refills or offer. I finished my drink and the waiter just picked up the glass and walked away. I thought he may be refilling it but he didn't come back until we were done eating.  For the price the service isn't worth it.We waited 2 hours to eat here! 
Food is soooo worth the wait. Especially if it is your first time! 
It was recommended by my brother in law whom had been before. 
I reccomend trying anything they have on special for the night. My fiance got the most amazing pork chop I have ever tried! Seriously it was so delicious, all of us were eating off his plate. 
I had the traditinal eggplant parmagiana which was yummy too. 
Our sausage appetizer was delicious, I would get it again!
Service was good, probably better if we gave our waiter a chance. We were so hungry (we got seated at 10:15 pm)  we barely let him speak, we just wanted to order food and eat.This is the place to go! Service from Caroline was fantastic, i only waited 10mins to be seated and she was attentive all throughout my experience. Food was amazing! Had the mussels and the lamb...not to be missed!Amazing! We stumbled upon this treasure on accident while we were in NOLA. The mussels, pasta with clams, and stuffed fish were all . The ocean sauce is by far the best thing I have ever had! Our waitress was inviting and knowledgeable. We will Be Back!Somehow I feel like I was having a bad day when I ate here, because of all of the rave reviews that I seem to contradict!
The waitstaff, first of all, was excellent.  She was so attentive and made sure that my glass was never empty, which I really appreciate.
The "special oyster sauce" was not something I wanted to put on everything, and the food did not taste particularly fresh.  I had the crabmeat-stuffed pasta entree, which did not seem to be particularly fresh. 
The advantage to this place is that it is a quaint location and perfect for a date, which gives it 3 stars for me.  Otherwise, the food leaves more to be desired.Stumbled upon this little gem.  Loved the rack of lamb and the hub's stuffed flounder.  Ocean sauce is a must.  Don't be in a rush and take your time to savor every bite and soak up the atmosphere.  Impeccable service.Yes, the food was AMAZING. We had the cannelloni with crabmeat and corn for appetizer, and then crawfish stuffed rainbow trout with ocean sauce. The fish was fresh and the sauces were brilliant... However, the best part of our dinner was our server Isabel. Helpful, prompt, and genuine, she really made us feel at home. Goes to show that even with the amazing seafood and music, what you end up remembering most in New Orleans is the beautiful people.This place is so special! The service was great. I had the mussels and I couldn't finish them the portion was much. When can you ever say that about a mussel dish? It was so yummy! My husband had the lamb and he ate it all. We didn't have to wait at all, but it was 6 on a Monday. It is a cash only place, so be advised. This will be a staple whenever we are in town.This is more of a review of my overall experience there. First off before I vent the food was decent. I was not a fan of my main dish and my dates meal I felt was a bit bland. The appetizers were good. Had the mussels and cannolis. Those were tasty. 
This is where I vent. They only accept cash. I had already ordered a lot of food and a bottle of wine before I found out about this. I went to the ATM machine that they conveniently have inside the restaurant. Come to find out I had already exceeded my daily withdraw limit. So I was on the phone for over 20 minutes until they would let me take more money out.
My question is why don't you accept credit cards? I own a chain of furniture stores in California. Fees can be less than 1% of the whole bill. Not only that but by accepting CC you will increase your overall gross sales. This isn't a taco stand but a legit sit down restaurant. I hope you change this in the future.Hot Damn, That's hot, I think.  This place is unique and a must if you are in New Orleans.  The place is upstairs from the Apple barrel.  As soon as we walked in, we were seated and the waiter came by and took our drink order.  I have to give it up for this waiter, my girlfriend lets say is "picky" and asks a lot of questions regarding the menu.  Me on the order hand, I say "just take the moo out of the steak and bring it out!!!"  The place is Italian food with a Cajun Twist.  I decided so I got the regular spaghetti with meat sauce.  I tend to love spicy food and given that it was Italian, I was not expecting it to be spicy.  As I was eating my meal, I noticed my nose was dripping and realize "this is spicy."  The spicyness crept up on me half way through the meal.  The rest of the folks i was with noticed it was spicy right away, but they can't hang with me!! Overall it was a pleasant experience and the food was great.  On a side note, the waiter was hitting on someone at our table, but he was not creepy or anything, but rather classy and respectful.   Remember CASH ONLY!!!Charming TINY place on Frenchman.  The wait is long, it's loud, and super crowded inside but the food was great.  I loved my eggplant parm and would have finished it and licked my plate if I wasn't in public.  Dipping the bread in the saucy appetizers is a must.  I think I just popped a button off my pants just thinking about this place.Adolfo's is an A-OK restaurant to enjoy some Italian and Creole cuisine in the French Quarter, but feel it is a little over rated. 
Luckily, our group of 5 got here early as planned and got seated right away with no wait.  
The menu is really simple in a sense that you pick a protein and there is a list of sauce to go with... most of them is quite similar "creamy" based sauce which is hard to tell what I was eating in this dark and dim lighting.
We ended up sharing:
Mussel Marinara ($12.95)
Grouper with Ocean Sauce ($24)
Tilapia with Rene Sauce ($17)
Rack of Lamb ($24)
Washing those down with a glass or 2 of House Wine ($5.50) and Peroni ($4).
Rich and Creamy with interesting flavours. The fish was cooked just right. The lamb was tender.
I don't know why Adolfo's bothers with the side salad: those are worse than what Olive Garden serves. 
We had no issue with the service. At this price point and environment, I don't really expect much service. We got our drinks and food served in a timely manner.
The food here is decent but definitely not worth a long wait and I doubt I would be coming back next time when I am in town. 
Cash Only!I nearly licked my plate clean! The corn cannelloni with crab meat and ocean sauce is DIVINE! We got super lucky and were seated within 20 minutes. Just happened to arrive as tables were turning. Worth the wait if it's long!What an awesome experience. Found this hidden gem only because we were in the area and I decided to check Yelp. 
Amazing service and selection of FRESH seafood and pasta. We had the rainbow trout stuffed with shrimp and crawfish, which was the standout dish for us. It normally comes with pesto, but my husband had a special moisture sauce instead - marinara and alfredo - and it was amazing. I had the grouper with this spot's famous ocean sauce...a creamy combination of crab meat, shrimp and crawfish. 
Also had the French onion soup, house salad, and linguine with marinara. Again, everything was so fresh!
I think the $$ may be low. Our entrees were about $30 each. 
But what an experience! Highly recommend and we would go back.Best kept secret in New Orleans. No matter the wait put your name on the list, go downstairs to the Red Apple grab a drink and listen to some awesome live music. You'll get so wrapped up in the music the wait won't seem that long.
For appetizers if they have the mussels, get those. They are the biggest mussels I've ever had and seen in my life. Also any of the stuffed cannolis you can't go wrong! Both great for sharing.
Drum Fish smothered in their Ocean Sauce. Oh my god. I don't even like fish, won't eat it, won't try it and I had to get this dish. There were so many people around with it on their table I knew I couldn't go wrong! And I am so happy I got it. The fish melts in your mouth and you could drink the sauce that's on the plate it's so good.
The Chicken Parmesan is to die for. The chicken comes out piping hot and takes up the entire plate. The sauce is a sweet tomato sauce that reminds me of sauces I've had in Italy.
It's a tiny cozy place that the locals hide away from the tourists. So get off the beaten path and check this place out you will not be disappointed!
Also post dinner head next door Thursday - Sunday to the art market. Tons of local artists showcasing their work from jewelry, art, clothes, etc.Went for the first time and the food was very good, very authentic. Had the rack of lamb and likely the best I will ever have. Ocean sauce is a must as the reviewers note. I only give this place 3 stars due to the fact that it is cash only and the bar had trouble breaking my $20 bill, twice...
The place is small, loud and a bit on the dirty side, but it was expected so it did not take away from the meal.I came because of the Yelp and was not disappointed.  The little place was very packed - with French tourists - at 8:00 on a Wednesday night.  I did think about the structural stability.  Anyway, with no reservation, I waited in the divey Apple Barrel bar downstairs and had a drink.  15 minutes later, they called me up, and I had the grouper with their special ocean sauce, which was amazing, and had a surprising little bit of spiciness in it.  The salad was basic lettuce with excellent mustard dressing.  Good garlic bread and wine - $32 with tax.What a HUGE disappointment! Do NOT waste a meal here while in the French Quarter. I was told by a couple  people to come here and have in turn told half a  dozen people to do the same.... but this place is mediocre at best. We stayed in New Orleans for 5 days and this was hands down our worst meal. 
First let's talk ambiance, you walk in off Frenchman where amazing live music plays everywhere. You go upstairs and there is NO A/C..... 3 open windows and 2 ceiling fans. It's hot and stuffy, there is NO music playing or music from the cool venue downstairs being heard instead cheesy bad pop music blares from the kitchen and that is the only music you hear. It is neither romantic or quaint, it's distracting and awful. We should have left, but unfortunately stayed.
Let's talk next about the mediocre food and wine. Again we were in town for for 5 days, each meal was fantastic whether purchaed off the street or from a 4 star restaurant but this was hands down the worst most bland and poorly executed meal from the entire trip. The food is overpriced and just meh. The wine offered is awful too. The pasta at the Italian creole restaurant was terrible, just bland and runny wateree sauce. We got 2 appetizers both were ok, the salads were gas station quality, and our entrees were expensive and hard to eat. The Lamb had no sides and was just gross. 
We are foodies and we're floored this place is popular serving such slop especially in a town where everywhere you turn the food is tasty and amazing.
The only highlight was the service, it was exceptional.... but hardly made up for the terrible and overpriced food and awful atmosphere.
Beware of this place and SKIP IT... any place is better in the French Quarter...ANY place.Way over rated.  Cash only, bathroom that should be shut down by the Board of Health and if you need to wait it has to be in a crummy bar beneath the restaurant that should also be shut down by the Board of Health.  You have to wait there in order to be called up to the  restaurant, they will not take a cell number to call you.  We ordered sword fish but have no idea of what fish the actually served us.  There are much better options in NOLA avoidb this one.Stuffed sole fish special was incredibly tasty.  Big portions so I took half home as takeaway.  The bread they serve is also delicious.  Worse part is they do not take credit cards.If you like dining with cockroaches and weird waiters that steal your water midway through dinner then this is the place for you. Eating at Adolfo's was an unpleasant experience. It was so bad that it's actually comical now that I look back on it.Service was fantastic. The canollini appetizer was very good. However my steak was a hockey puck. Totally over cooked and inedible. Very cool place I hope the chef can step up his gameThis is one of the best New Orleans/Italian style restaurant I have been to. I have been here twice so far and I had great experiences in both times!
It's practically a house so it's a pretty long wait. The first time I was there, we waited about 30 minutes and I was really being skeptical about it, but once we were seated, everything was just great!
The service was good. Our waitress was very nice and patient. She also gave us great recommendations!
Their mussel appetizer was amazing!! Also, their ocean sauce which is made out of crawfish, shrimp and crabmeat is just phenomenal!! You can request it to put on anything you like but I recommend the steak!  Also, my friend tried their lamb rack and I tasted it and it was great!!!
If I am in the area again next time, I will definitely go back! It is really worth the wait!!AMAZING! Long long wait (and on a random Monday night too), but go to the apple bar next door for a drink. 
Ocean sauce is clutch, ESP on grouper. But the hands down best was the "fish tony": spinach lemon verde sauce. I made it w grouper. Everyone at the table ordered something different, but mine by far was the best. THE BEST.
Important fact to note if you havent gotten the gist yet: Best fish dish I have EVER had. Grouper Tony. Seriously. Get it. Btw, everyone will reek of garlic, but who cares? bc you'll be so happy you won't even notice!What can I say - small place and only accepts cash- who cares when food is so good!  We always stop by here when in New Orleans!I am very conflicted! It was freezing cold in the restaurant and I mentioned it twice with no change. The food was 5 star---but because of the room temperature, mine was served cold. The flavors in the pasta were wonderful, and the ocean sauce is great. I would have gine it 5 stars, but the temperature of the room could not be overlooked (also no change after mentioning it twice!).We have visited NOLA for the past four years, but had never tried Adolfo's before last night. We have been missing out! There were four of us, but it seems like the perfect date place: upstairs from the Apple Bottom bar and the atmosphere is cozy and familiar. The wood floor gives slightly under your feet; the red and white checkered tablecloths of the tables just a few feet apart and the direct view into the busy kitchen make you feel like this could be your aunt's house (if your aunt ran a five-star restaurant).
We waited about 30 minutes for a table, and once we were seated the service was great. I chose the pasta as my precurser and red snapper with ocean sauce (crab meat, capers, crawfish and shrimp in a butter concoction) as my main dish. The food was wonderful! I have never had better fish. The pasta was more like traditional Italian pasta with just a little bit of red sauce and more olive oil and garlic for flavor. We were too full for dessert (next time) but I did have coffee after dinner, and it was also excellent. Adolfo's became a staple of our NOLA visit. I can't wait to come back!Great little place!  Live Music down stairs, Italian food NOLA style is awesome!  Different than anything you've had before, and perfect atmosphere.  Cash only and don't be in a hurry.I'm not a seafood person, but now I guess I am now thanks to Adolfo's. There was an hour wait, but it was totes worth it. (Plus if you have to wait you can go down to Apple Barrel and try some local beers while getting some choice tv show reccos from the bartender.) We got escargot and it was so delicious that a) we almost ordered escargot-go for the road, and b) we almost got matching snail tattoos. (Is escargot a seafood?)
We also got a fish thats name we cannot remember with the "ocean sauce," which might sound a bit fishy to you landlubbers but was absolutely delicious.
Bottom line: 10 out of 10 would recommendPerfecto!  What more can I say about this place.  
I traveled to NOLA last November and thanks to a friend decided to try Frenchman Street for the great music as well as restaurants visited by locals.  I am so glad I walked into this place.  It's small, eclectic, a bit bohemian like most things NOLA and the food and service were SPECTACULAR!  Our server was delightful, with a jovial and upbeat personality and Italian accent to boot, very authentic:-)  
We sat next to the kitchen (most tables are near the kitchen, the place is the size of a shoe box) and it felt more like we were dinning in the home of an Italian family as opposed to a restaurant.  The atmosphere was both romantic and homey.  Little white lights adorn the walls with local art and candle lit tables.
The food....OH MY GOD, THE FOOD....It was outstanding!! There were mussles in some sauce for appetizer and a fish with something they called ocean sauce I believe.  I don't remember every detail but I know I thought I'd died and gone to shell fish heaven!  My friend and I shared a bottle of red wine that was nice, nothing amazing but complemented our meal well and finsihed with a Cannoli that was to die for.  
While NOLA overall didn't thrill me, if ever I'm in the New Orleans area again I will not miss another opportunity to dine at this adorable and delicious little Italian gem in the middle of cajun country.Amazing! My best dinner experience happened right here: stuffed flounder with Oceana sauce will fully satisfy any meat critic. Absolutely fantastic!The space is awkward and very loud (definitely not the place to go if you want to have a conversation or an intimate dinner) but the food is excellent enough to keep us coming back and the over-all vibe is fun. Our server last night was Wendy and she was friendly and professional.This little gem was everything my brother who lives locally promised it would be. The food was amazing and the service was quick and attentive. I would recommend you get there early to avoid waiting an hour for a table as the venue is small and intimate...loved the character in the decor!! We had the stuffed fish with the ocean sauce and the lamb, you won't be disappointed !!Believe the hype!! The lamb is the best lamb I've had. The sauce is where it's at. Even the salad dressing is crack. This place is the best of French cooking without the pretension: check tablecloths, amazing wait staff, local art on the walls, regular human prices, giant portions. I might come back here another night on my visit to NOLA just so I can try something else on the menu. Don't be discouraged by the wait time. They quoted me an hour and 45 mins, and I ended up waiting just 25 mins. I actually almost wanted to wait longer so I could listen to the live music downstairs at the bar longer, and enjoy a second blueberry mint pisco cocktail. Next time!A friend of mine asked me if I had ever been to Adolfo's, and since I had never even heard of it, he insisted we check the place out. Well, when we got there, at 8:30, they weren't seating anymore. That was a major bummer, especially because the place smelled SO good.
Take two: we stopped in after Krewe du Vieux, of all nights. Suggestion: if you want to try a restaurant on Frenchmen, do so during a major parade. There was no wait.
This cute little restaurant is pretty small and located right above the Apple Barrel bar. My friend had been raving about the place, so I was eager to try it.
Looking over the menu, everything sounded amazing, but I was in the mood for fish. I decided to get the Fish Renee, which is fish topped with oysters, spinach and sherry. It also had an amazing "ocean" sauce, which sounds a little "iffy", but was actually amazing. The fish (I think it was grouper) had A LOT of flavor and the sauce was delicious. I love oysters, but I found them a little weird with the fish. I think it was a texture thing and was more of a "me" issue than an issue with the dish itself.
One complaint: I think the only bathroom is downstairs in the bar area (if there is one upstairs, please correct me). I went downstairs to the bathroom, and in that little bit of time, they locked the door going back upstairs and since I had left my phone on the table, I had to really finagle my way back up there. i mean, I had to really convince these people that I was indeed dining upstairs and not just trying to sneak into the dining room. Always an adventure.
This cozy little place is perfect for a date and what I would call "essential" New Orleans. I will definitely be back.This was our best food find in New Orleans.  They have amazingly fresh fishes, a delectable home sauce called Ocean Sauce, and waiters who actually know their different types of fish.  Steamed mussels in garlic was absolutely, finger-linking delicious and their service was great.  Upon request, our waitress even took the time to give us a list of other local great eats.Perfect little italian restaurant nestled in a small neighborhood outside the French quarter. Place only has 10 tables, but a great little bar downstairs while you wait. Prices were extremely reasonable considering the quality of the food! Can't wait to go back.Very cool, small upstairs place, above one of they many crazy bars along Frenchman.  The food & service and ambiance was all excellent.  Our server Kal was just perfect, as were his recommendations.  Every bite resulted in ooohs and aaaahs.  Meal was quite heavy, as most things we ordered were rich.  The Ocean sauce, while delish, is a heavy cream based seafood sauce that gets smothered on your order.  Be forewarned to avoid this if you don't like heavily sauced dishes.  I usually don't, but this was an exception.  I had the special; a flounder stuffed with crab, shrimp,  scallops and who knows what else.  Great wine and a cannoli to put me to sleep after the walk home.  wow!My wife and I got lucky enough to arrive just as the doors were about to open.   We were seated in the full room and had to wait some for our order to be taken.
It was a fun atmosphere you can hear and feel the music from below.
I really wanted to love  the food but it was just OK.
The mussels appetizer was good.  The bread had plenty of olive oil on it.
My wife had the stuffed flounder but kept finding grit or shell in it.  She didn't finish it.
I had the veal chop.  Both meals were covered in the ocean sauce.  I like the sauce but it was a bit much.
The prices are to me a little high for what you get.
I didn't hate the meal, but I have had much better in New Orleans.This place is absolutely delicious.  As a native of New Orleans, I feel like I have been to my fair share of restaurants.  We got some sort of oyster appetizer with spinach that was the best oysters I have had in my life.  party in your mouth.  Get there early because it gets crowded.  We arrived around 6 and were in and out within an hour.  The prices are very reasonable and the service was good but it seems like the servers are on duty for waiting tables, bussing, and playing hostess all at once so don't get upset if they forget to re-fill your water.  They're doing their best.  I'm usually not a fan of Italian but this was pretty fantastic so i will definitely be back!!
Also, Frenchman street is really fun so if you need to kill sometime while waiting for a table, you're in good company!
(I did not write this, my girlfriend did... although I agree with everything she said.)I didn't even like fish until I ate at Aldolfo's.  The first time I came I ordered the Parmesan chicken and it was *amazing* my friend ordered the tilapia and missy sauce and it was even more amazing.  Seriously, I normally hate fish, but here I was in love.  We had to come back and ended up eating here 2 nights out of our 3 night trip.  I would call myself a foodie and this may be the best restaurant I have ever eaten at.  The bar downstairs is entertaining while you wait.  A special thanks to Morgan and James the wait staff who made our visit amazing!!Waited for 2 hours for a table, the bar downstairs is crowded and loud, and the service is a bit disorganized trying to keep track of the wait list (no reservations here, and they're cash only!) However, totally worth it!!! Had the cannelloni and mussels as an appetizer, both fabulous. Veal with ocean sauce - possibly best meal I've ever had. The veal was by far the best I've ever had in my life; no knife needed. Chocolate mouse cake is also a must.This restaurant is amazing! The fusion of Italian and Creole cooking is both creative and to die for tasty! Remember to strongly consider the specials; we were not disappointed!  In addition to extremely satisfying food, the staff are beyond friendly and personalWe cannot wait for our next trip to NOLA so we can head to Adolfo's for dinners. The wait is worth it-trust us!! You can have a drink downstairs while you wait!! 
For those of you gentleman making it special, i proposed to my girl here. Cheers!Place was amazing! But you have to come really early to get a seat. Limited space! As soon as you walk in the scene is fantastic, great for any special occasion. Great spot to propose or celebrate your anniversary but like I said you have to be there early. ;) 
When you look at the menu you might be lost with what to choose from but the they are their to explain to you how the meal is prep and what is the best to get. Always go for the oysters with ocean sauce. Can never turn those down. The steak was amazing with ocean sauce and the pasta was amazing. High quality service and food here! I have never had the deserts here because I am too full to fit anymore after the appetizer and meal but take the risk and try it out. 
Beautiful spot to dine and enjoy while in New Orleans. Just a reminder it is cash only so bring enough and Provecho for a delicious meal!Just the best!.  I never had a bad meal.  The service is great and so is the atmosphere.  Totally worth the wait.Loved this place. great food, great atmosphere. a bit pricey, but the food is worth it. solid portions. 
It's a very small place and very popular so unless you arrive right when they open, there will be a wait. I am a bit surprised at the complaints about the wait since it seems like common sense that an extemely popular restaurant with 11 tables and a very slow turn around on tables is going to have a very long wait...but how does that saying go? "common sense isnt so common" 
oh yeah, they are cash only....which is actually pretty common in nola...so once again. use common sense before going out. 
Great service and by far the best italian food I've had in nola.I'd like to give this more stars but we walked in at 915p (they close at 1030) to the following exchange:
Hostess: Are you checking on a name?
Me: no. We want to add our names to the list. 
Her: NOPE! NOPE! We're done. You just need to leave.We had a awesome meal and James  was great. Anyone in town needs to eat here.!!!!!!!  The food is awesome,  you are in a great atmosphere and would love to try everything on the menuUpstairs from Apple Barrel. If you get there right at 5:30, you should get a seat. People are usually waiting up the stairs, so don't wait outside thinking you're golden. Cash only. Food is delicious. Sea Bass with Ocean sauce is amazing as well as the Stuffed Grouper. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. Would definitely go back.This place was amazing. Takes cash only but the food was great. Service was on point.The best meal I had during our stay in NOLA. Great selection of Italian dishes (the crab cannelloni and chicken piccata were AMAZING and surprisingly affordable. We waited an hour for a table but the bar downstairs had live music and cheap drinks, which makes the wait fly by. I would absolutely come here again and again.This was never designed to be a tourist trap! It is a local bar for locals.  The food is good, the wait is long, the service is usually just fine.  Locals go here.  Tourists should go somewhere else or go home.Food was good. Take cash. Noisy from the bar downstairs but fun if you don't want to talk.In a town that is uniformly hospitable our experience at Adolfo's was anything but. They do not take reservations. We arrived and were told that there would be a 30 min wait.  No big deal, we can wait at the bar down stairs..... well the wait turned out to be more like two hours.  When we were finally seated, the food wasn't bad but it wasn't exceptional either.  Totally not worth the wait when there are so many great dining opportunities right down the same street.  The wait staff might have been overworked but they came across as condescending and arrogant.  Overall a very poorly run place. Spend your time and money elsewhere.This place is an institution. I felt like the floor is slightly tilted. My husband ordered the pork chops with ocean sauce and said it was the best thing he ate during our visit to New Orleans. I had the chicken parmigiana which was excellent for chicken parmigiana.  The art on the walls was wonderful to look at during our meal. The staff was very attentive. The place was dark and intimate when we arrived but was packed by the time we left. A local favorite.Wonderful meal and Isabel's charming presence as our waitress made our 1st anniversary the best ever. If you are in NO you should make this a must try!Great location right on Frenchman St above a nightclub and between several others. Had the flounder special and the ocean sauce was fantastic. I'm not usually a big fan of seafood, but I like how the creamy sauce meshed with the crab/shrimp/etc to accentuate the parts of that seafood flavor that I enjoy. Cash-only, but the prices are pretty reasonable for the quality of the food. Staff was very friendly, especially since I came in a bit less than an hour before closing. Would highly recommend.Terrible.  
The hostess said the wait would be 15 mins and it ended up being 40. This is a cash only restaurant. I started out with the cannelloni with spinach and ricotta ($8.50). It arrived piping hot but was lackluster at best. Sadly this bland starter was the best part of the whole meal. The side salad was the most uninteresting salad, only ice burg, field greens, and matchstick carrots, and a mustard dressing. The lettuce was warm and limp. The entree ($33) arrived, stuffed trout with 2 very thin fillets, crab and corn stuffing sandwiched between, and smothered with "ocean-sauce". The ocean sauce was flavorful but the crab, shrimp, and crawfish were all rubbery and had a spoiled taste. The trout and stuffing were devoid of any flavor. I simply could not continue to stomach it for fear that I would be sick later. $45 for that garbage. I left very disappointed. Too echo another review, this place was not worth the wait.This place is awesome. Nemo was excellent. My eggplant parm was one of the best I've had.What a great experience,  had the grouper with ocean sauce, strip steak with ocean sauce and veal with ocean sauce. AMAZING We will definetly come back and highly recommend. Worth any wait.Do not believe anything bad you hear. If you are looking for a large, quiet, expensive white table cloth place, then maybe this isn't for you. If you are looking for a cozy little neighborhood joint with great food at reasonable prices, you can't beat Adolpho's. We can't wait to get back.Best dinner we had the entire time in New Orleans. The service was excellent and the atmosphere is probably the true feeling of Narlins. We had some cajun fish and I had the lamb. My gf said I could make love to her that night because she loved the steamed mussels..... It was the size of an entree. The meal was affordable too....
Its a must see and do in the Big Easy'Lovely little mom'n pop restaurant on the top floor of the (insert name of the music club here, which name I forgot), on Frenchman Street.
The night my husband and I went, there was an insane waiting list, with an equally loud/insane band playing down below. So loud, we did not hear the host call our name... We almost missed the serving cut off time... Thanks, band.
Once we sat down, our waitress apologized for running out of bread, the veal and the lamb, so she was kind enough to go over the menu combinations, and made some excellent suggestions... My husband got the (MANLY) steak, and I got the tazo cream chicken... OMG! And all was good in the land, the angels sang and we rejoyced... Actually we forgot they didn't have any more bread for us, we even overlooked the fact that my husband and I can make a better pasta sauce than they can (hence, the four stars). Yet, it was still THAT good. I highly recommend this place.The ocean sauce is WORTH THE WAIT!! Tiny little restaurant nestled above a bar - food was truly outstanding and our server was so sweet and kind. We waited two hours and it was totally worth it. Great dinner option away from Bourbon.New Yorker here visiting New Orleans for the first time, and was told by my in laws to hit this place up.  Poorly run restaurant, lady seating us was extremely rude and gave us attitude.  By the end of the night she told us word for word that "you should go back to New York if you want good service, or people who care".  During our meal one of us found a piece of a latex glove in our pasta.  Obviously a mistake, but a mistake the restaurant failed to apologize for or acknowledge.  They made it seem like it was our fault.  Could have choked on it or even worse got some sort of disease.  Will never go back to this restaurant and would never recommend.  How a piece of latex glove ends up in pasta is beyond my comprehension.Got this recommendation from a local and I am thankful I went! 
I'll be honest it did not start out or end well. We caught a bit of attitude from the wait staff about their bring your own wine policy, but fortunately did not get stuck with the unpleasant one as our server. You are able to bring your own wine for a 8 dollar uncorking fee, a definite plus, but the wine by the glass is reasonably priced if you're going as a couple and only want a glass each. Our server also seemed to be rushing us out a bit, giving us the bill before we had even finished our plates and without asking if we wanted dessert (which I did!). For these to things Adolfo's did not get 5 stars, but now that the negative is out of the way here is the positive:
The food was fantastic. I had the red fish (Drum) with ocean sauce. yummmm. This sauce isn't actually on the menu, but the server offered it to us with title of "what we're most popular for." It was delicious. So creamy and savory, with each bit of buttery fish I could accompany with it a prawn or shrimp and the most yummy sauce. so so good. My boyfriend got the rack of lamb and that too was incredible. It was slightly overcooked at the edges but the middle was so tender and juicy. Beautiful and delicious piece of meat. The meal was the most expensive of the trip but worth every penny! I loooved the food. I would definitely go back here the next time I'm in NOLA, I'm craving the taste of that ocean sauce as I write!
Great place, definitely make a trip!I gave this place three stars.  Two for our darling, energetic, attentive waitress, Bree.  And one for the delicious flounder with ocean sauce.  But the rest... seriously you call an iceberg lettuce with a couple spinach leaves and shredded carrots..mixed greens!   Worst salad ever!   Mussels had an ok  taste but a few tasted like "oh crap...that might make me sick".  And my pork chop was a ham steak which was actually tasty but it was not like any pork chop I had ever eaten.  And then an obnoxious table of eight who thought they were in a bar setting and were never asked to hold it down for the rest of us that thought we were in a restaurant. For two of us it was $155 and that included tip and it was not even great. It's one of those places where the hype of a restaurant with 11 tables and a possible two hour wait is only worth a one time go!   Sorry but would never recommend.I lived in New Orleans for eight years. I miss the food at Adalfo's on a weekly basis. 
Best Italian in the city. 
Pro tip: get a sauce with ocean sauce. Boner city. I defy you to say it sucks.The Chicken Tyler piccata was amazing and the Steak Manny was ok. It's a pretty small place so it gets full quick. Be sure to have cash or an ATM card.Adolfo's is in a fantastic location a safe distance away from Bourbon and close to some great live music and local hang-outs. It is a small and intimate setting, and while we had to wait close to 90 minutes for a table, the downstairs area provided us with plenty of drinks, live music, and a friendly atmosphere. 
The food was excellent - we really could not go wrong with anything we ordered. After several plates of mussels, which we thoroughly demolished, our meals came and were fantastic. The lamb was well-cooked with sauce that really added to the flavor. The steak came with "ocean sauce", making it almost a surf and turf combo. 
The best part about Adolfo's really was the service. Isabel was one of the best waitresses that I have ever had - fun, knowledgeable, and just really cool. She provided us with phenomenal service and really went above and beyond by recommending some excellent places for nightlife, music, and food! 
Great experience and I'll certainly be back on my next visit!If your looking for good food, a great environment, and...good food, look no further! This place blew my mind! I got the steak and my wife got fish. The key to both of these meals lies in the ocean sauce! Crab meat on on top of half of it, shrimp and crawfish on the other. Then some heavenly sauce is poured over the top! I usually don't like anything on my steak but I would take this 8 days a week!The ocean sauce is amazing, had it over salmon! Great place really liked the atmosphere and upstairs location! Service was very good, highly recommend! We waited for a short time downstairs with a drink and were called upstairs before we could finish.I ate here twice in a week. I had dinner with two NOLA-area friends on a Thursday night; they had never heard of Adolfo's and were excited to try the food. If we hadn't known to look for the Apple Barrel Bar downstairs from the restaurant, we would have easily walked right past this place as it's a small dining area that holds at most maybe 30-40 people with an eclectic mix of art on the walls, a warped floor, and a tiny kitchen. Since I wanted to treat my friends to dinner, I made sure to have cash because Adolfo's doesn't take plastic.
Being a weeknight, the wait was short and we were ready to order: Phil had veal, I had tilapia, and Leanna the cannelloni combination with crabmeat & corn as one and spinach & cheese as the other. Both Phil and I opted for ocean sauce, which gave us two sauces you could have singly - a crab & capers and shrimp & crawfish. We were having a lively conversation, catching up with our lives but when the food arrived the table got really quiet as we tucked into our meals. Leanna's two cannellonis looked like twin burritos and she really enjoyed most of it and while she didn't finish all of it, Phil happily helped clean her plate. He had already done his magic act waving his knife and fork over his veal to make them disappear completely and I did the same with the tilapia. 
This is food that takes time to prepare because there's only one chef in a tiny kitchen but it was worth the wait. By the time our food arrived, the half-full room had filled quickly with a wait going down the stairs. We all really enjoy our meals to the point where there was only trace evidence that food was ever on on plates and it was a great dining choice before we walked across the street to listen to Jon Cleary at dba. 
I returned Saturday to meet 6 friends for dinner here before checking out Mardi Gras parades so I got in line early to get us a table. Parking was problematic for my friends and the neighborhood was even more crowded than the usual weekend because of the parades so it's a good thing I got in line early. Most of my friends ordered dishes with ocean sauce or cannelloni while I got the eggplant parmigiana. It was another winner. This restaurant will definitely be on my NOLA rotation from now on but I'm not sure I want many more diners to know about it.FYI: CASH ONLY and open for dinner only. Their veal special with ocean sauce was a good sized portion, and the ocean sauce delicious. My friends got the flounder and pesto cream sauce and the grouper, and they raved about them. The service was fine and the atmosphere pretty classic. Overall, pretty good and filled us up long enough to enjoy the Jazz places nearby late into the evening.The mussels appetizer special was absolutely amazing! This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA. Can't wait to go back!I can't even start to explain the experience I had. Hands down the best dish I have ever had. The stuffed flounder with seafood sauce was outstanding. Must go to when in New Orleans.Warning. ...the wait is long (we waited 2+ hours). That was not the worse part because I don't mind waiting for amazing food.
Now, get this,  when they called our name they told us that we needed to share a table with 2 complete strangers....why????....not sure. The place had closed to any extra people coming in for food. After sitting with 2 very nice young women,  one of them asked if they could be moved to one of the empty 4 tables in the restaurant.  They allowed them to do so. Strike 1.
The second thing is once we sat down, our appetizer came out before our bread and salad...weird.  I must say that the app was delicious (cannelloni with spinach, and cheese). We then waited another 20 min  for 4 pieces of crusty bread. When we asked for butter, our waitress pretty much told us no, then brought us out a plate of straight up country crock. Strike 2 and 3.
Another 20 minutes later, we finally got our salad....nothing special. ..sparce lettuce on a place with bitter house dressing....some creole mustard type. Strike 4.
Then, finally at around 10:45 (we got there at 8:00), we received our entrees. I got the special: steak with an ocean sauce that consisted of shrimp, crabmeat and capers. My steak was cold, and my sauce was so runny that the waitress spilled it on the floor when she finally brought it over. My friend got the clams marinara, only because they were out of mussels. Her sauce was runny and clearly from a jar or can somewhere. Strike 5 and 6.
Then when our waitress finally came back over, she asked us what we thought.  We said very politely that we were unhappy.  She offered to take the steak back to reheat it. I declined.  Then when she brought back our check, our bill came to $70.00 for food we didn't eat. Strike 7.
I told her that I wasn't paying for something that I didn't eat. She went to explain that to the chef, who then locked eyes with me and said "are you f'in serious??" She then came back and explained that the kitchen has been slow all night and finally brought our check with almost everything removed.  Strike 8-16....just because I was extra mad about this!!!!
In all honesty,  the best part of the night was the music downstairs.  Now I've spent my entire night here, and I'm still hungry. Boo. Totally not worth the hype for us.Delicious, rich, creamy, garlicy awesome food. Ask what fish is good at the moment, and get it with the ocean sauce (garlic cream based seafood white sauce), if you like that type of stuff. Laid back atmosphere with thoughtful and conscientious service. We dined later and among other caring shit on the way out the waiter got up from eating his dinner and held the door open for us and gave us a sincere "thank you." Definitely coming back.This is a cute little place! The mussels were AMAZING! The food was excellent but the quality of the steak I got was not that great. My boyfriend said his was good though. The sauces on the steaks were also very delicious. They do not take reservations so if you don't want to wait get there close to 5:30 when they open. Overall a good experience!Best tasting food I've ever eaten. The neighborhood is skanky you have to go up rickety stairs. I had the muscles as an appetizer and I swear there were three dozen or so. The fish was absolutely superb. It was stuffed with crab and there was a great sauce on it. One little problem, no credit cards but there's an ATM insideVery friendly and accommodating staff, accompanied by a great meal!
When going out to eat as a vegan, it's not always the easiest to pick a place that works for everyone. When travelling with my omnivore family, I've gotten pretty used to a salad option (minus the cheese and chicken of course) or a dad plate of fries. This was NOT the case at Adolfo's though!
Our meal was started with a plate of garlic bread, which was happily vegan friendly! Instead of butter and garlic as a spread, it was simply olive oil. 
While my family got the mussel appetizer special and seafood/cheesy pasta dishes, I simply asked our server if it would be possible for me to just get an order of spaghetti with plain marinara sauce and that's it. I thought me altering the shrimp pasta this way was going to be, yes, another plain pasta dish, but easy enough and manageable. 
To my happy surprise, our server just made a note to the kitchen staff to make me a vegan pasta dish, and to throw in whatever veggies and good stuff they could to make me a restaurant quality meal, that wasn't just plain pasta and sauce. 
When my meal came out, I got a nice big plate of linguini noodles with loads of sauted veggies, including spinach, mushrooms, corn, sundried tomatoes, artichokes, eggplant, garlic and olive oil! It was a very filling meal, that was absolutely great! 
On our way out we made sure to pop over to the kitchen window and thank the chefs, who seemed very happy that I liked the dish so much!
I would thoroughly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal on Frenchman Street or in New Orleans in general, and I hope to come back again on a future visit!great spot
I had rack of lamb, it was perfectly cooked and tasted great.  however is was served with too much oil/drippings.  The lamb was practically floating in it on the plate.  
The seafood selections looked great.  I would definitely go back to try them.Adoldo's is worth the wait!! My boyfriend and I went on a weekday around 6/630. The wait was about an hour. The bar downstairs is small but perfect for waiting.  Everything is cash only. Our server was great- not sure his name.  There are maybe 15 tables total.  We got the muscles which were good, but nothing to rave about.  The entrees were delicious- I think both were on special.  The stuffed trout was awesome. We also go the pork chops (2) which was huge but so good. Probably could have split an entre but they were both so good I'm glad we got both. High up on our list of best food in NOLAThe cannelloni appetizer has a very spicy sauce. We ordered based on reviews and enjoyed it, but you have to like "spicy" sauces. I do, but one person in our party didn't. Just so you will know. 
  Ocean sauce isn't spicy or hot...it's perfect.Absolutely recommend the Fish Missy with Grouper and Ocean Sauce. It was about $25, costing a little more because of the ocean sauce (but every bit worth it). My friend had the rack of lamb medium-rare, which was also very delicious, and much less heavy than the buttery fish. We were served quickly with our sides of pasta, linguini with tomato sauce and Parmesan. The pasta was very watery, and some noodles stuck together, but it was okay overall. 
The environment: It has very limited space and is a little crowded, and very dim. I wanted to appreciate the aesthetics of the food, but the lighting made it difficult. We made it in early, around 6:30, but the wait is usually very long. It got up to an hour of a wait for a Monday night.Was recommended Adolfo's after sharing a few drinks with locals in the garden district. The white wine mussels were fantastic, as was the rosemary rack of lamb. Love the atmosphere and the friendly staff. Was a great special spot away from all the chaos to enjoy a meal for two.Our dinner at Aldolfo's was fabulous.  We had Steak Labarca and Fish (salmon) Missy  both with pasta and they were huge, delicious and incredible.  Our server Missy was the best.
We recommend this place to all who like delicious casual dining.We visited Adolfos 4-15-11 upon many recommendations. We were told that they took reservations, but were told that was not the case when we tried to reserve a table for 4.  We arrived and waited an hour to be seated. We got an order of garlic bread that had enough sliced garlic on it to light my mouth on fire with one bite. I tasted that bite until the next morning. Our dinners came out at different times over the next hour. To top it off, a 2 inch cockroach fell from the ceiling onto the table next to us as we were leaving. Not impressed.I wasn't a fan. I don't feel like it  is authentic Italian food. Not good quality products. I would say buying from Restaurant Depot. I had the piccata and it had way to much butter. The pasta sauce was very different then a regular Marinara sauce or pasta sauce. Maybe this is Italian meets Cajun therefore not true Italian I was expecting. 
Wait staff was great.
There are way to many good restaurants in NoLo.
I give them credit though, cranking out dishes in standing room only packed restaurant with a two burner stove and NO kitchen space. Orders came out quickly. That was truly impressive!So good. Such a comfortable location. and Ocean sauce, oh yeah. Pasta, amazing. We were a party of 3 with a 7 year old and felt welcome and comfortable. So glad we went early and brought cash.We came here on a busy Saturday night and had to wait an hour and a half but it was worth it. Old school red and white tablecloth restaurant upstairs with only about 10 tables. Small bar downstairs with live music created a great atmosphere. We received great service from Sawyer and had great good. We enjoyed the mussels as an appetizer and had lamb and fish as the main course. Thank you for a great night of food and service!The restaurant has a lot of character. The mussels are a must try. We had the stuffed founder with their ocean sauce. It was good, expensive for flounder but good. Cash onlyAll i have to say is WOW. This place is amazing, but CASH ONLY!!!(They do have an ATM in the back though) I really enjoyed the mussels in white wine and garlic sauce. There was a huge plate of mussels, probably around 4 dozen! So delicious and the space was amazing with the garlic bread.
 The eggplant parm appetizer was great as well and nice to share! It came under a bed of spaghetti.
The BEST part of the meal was the rack of lamb special... That dish was AMAZING and cooked to perfection. The spices were wonderful, and there was about 7-8 lamb pieces on the bone of that piece, and the outside was crispy, but inside was juicy and cooked medium well as we asked. It came with a very good house salad.
The Red Snapper Michelle fish is also amazing, topped with crawfish and shrimp in a very good creamy sauce. Lovely and cooked to perfection as well.
I definitely recommend this place to anyone who is going to see Frenchmen street! There is also a bar downstairs with a jazz band if you need to wait to be seated, as the restaurant only has a number of tables and is even filled at 7pm on a Monday. Great service!!The chicken Brenda is to die for!!! You will never want to eat anything else. Of course the homemade pasta is so yummy too. Cajun italian food...so yummy, and just downstairs you have access to live music in the apple bars. You can fill your stomach at this delish restaurants before you dance the night away on Frenchman street. MUST EAT HERE.Where do I begin?! After reading the reviews I was so hype about trying the food from this location. When we originally put our name on the list we were told a 1hr-1hr 45 min wait. That turned into three hours. I was not to bothered my friends and I were able to walk around and listen to the live band below in the bar. They were great! 
When it was finally our time to eat we were brought to our table. Let me warn you, this restaurant is tiny!!! There are probably a maximum of 10 tables. We where inconveniently sandwiched awkwardly between another table and the food service counter. So every time the waitress walked by me her butt brushed against the back of my head. 
Now to talk about the food. I will just go ahead and warn you if you are not a seafood person like myself, you may want to rethink eating at this establishment because out of my group of friends those that ordered a seafood dish loved it, but those of us who had chicken or beef options were left underwhelmed. 
I ordered the Chicken Brenda which was a huge slab of chicken covered in a lemon and spinach cream sauce with a side of pasta. Now in all other Italian restaurants the pasta usually comes out with the meal, but for this establishment they give you the pasta as an appetizer. I was slightly confused but ate it anyway thinking something would be accompanying my chicken. When I received my meal I found that was not the case. Maybe I'm being a little over dramatic, but never have I ever just sat down and eaten a whole plate of nothing but smothered chicken as my main dish. The chicken was just okay,  it was slightly dry, luckily the sauce was flavorful enough to compensate. 
So if you made it all the way through this comment and are still considering eating at Alfonso's then my recommendation is to try it out but don't let all the hype from the other reviews get your hopes up.The Cons: 
The wait is soooo long.. and they don't take reservations (but the food was definitely worth the wait)
The appetizers, although good, don't leave enough room for the amazing food you're about to eat.
The Pros:
The food is AMAZING.  Hands down.  I had the Chicken Tyler and I can honestly say I've never had better chicken in my LIFE... and I've had a lot of chicken these past 26 years.  I also had the opportunity to try some of my friends' food and all of the dishes I got to pick at were great!
I highly recommend to skip the appetizer (although the options I tried were great) or get the salad  instead of the pasta for your side of your entree because you will be too full to fully enjoy the entree!Scam.  Scam scam scam scam scam scam scam.
The food was good, but the oyster sauce is one of the biggest, most blatantly obvious scams I've ever seen in my life.  Every staff member was laying it on as thick as possible, yelling across the bar to customers "yo get the oyster sauce," ribbing each other about how great it was.  Our waiter, of course, continued this hard-sell of the off-the-menu sauce, neglecting to mention it would cost us an additional 30 bucks on our check.  For sauce.  He made it sound like it was just a sauce that could be swapped out with any of the others.
I don't know how no one else on yelp has mentioned this.  I think this scam may be going all the way to the top, possibly involving the President of the United States.  Okay, I kid about that, but seriously, know that you will be paying $10 bucks a pop for some sauce if you decide to opt in.This is what "food drunk" is like! I don't know exactly what to say...it's phenomenonal! The mussels. ...the steak...the fishes and the SAUCES!! It's too much...I have to limit or could lose myself completely. This is food religion!We found this place out of pure coincidence. Looking through Yelp we saw this place had good reviews and was three steps away from where we were standing.  Upon walking in I was halted by some woman standing at the door. She was apparently standing in a line that was for the restaurant. It seems the dinner service opens at around 6 pm. The waitress/hostess gives you a table number and then you sit down in the initiate dining area. There is a total of like 11 tables. Cool ambience with local art all over the walls. 
We started with the mussels in white wine sauce. It was a good value as they bring you a mountain of mussels and bread to soak up that delicious sauce. 
I got the grouper with the ocean sauce and my wife got something similar. The fish and sauce were delicious with large chunks of crawfish inside the sauce. Everything was great. Also had great table service, the waitress was very knowledgable about the menu and was very honest about the items which I appreciate.
If I ever return to the area I will for sure go back and try the lamb or steak , some people next to us got the steak and it looked super good and huge. Overall great experience.Worth the wait and if you're open for an early dinner get there at 530pm for first seating. After going their twice (i almost never repeat a place on the same trip) with large groups on my recent trip to New Orleans I'm kinda surprised by the haters. All the entrees and apps were out of this world and HUGE portions. The stuffed flounder with shrimp, crawfish and ocean sauce was a huge hit as well as just about everything else that we ordered.  Oysters pernot, NY strip with ocean sauce and the canolis were also highlights but I can honestly say that most dishes were above average if not excellent. 
 For a group of 10 it was 50/person with tons of leftovers and smiling faces at the end of the meal. I highly, highly recommended this place. Also, props to our waitress Olive from NYC making our meal seamless both times we were there!Based on the other reviews, I was worried that my friends and I had to wait for a long time. However we made an appointment for 7 and only waited 15 minutes to be seated---and we don't mind it because we were able to enjoy the apple barrel bar downstairs and the jazzy band that was playing their hearts out. But definitely try to make a reservation and be prepare to wait when you get there. 
I really love the romantic and intimate feel to the place! The waiter and staff were very friendly and informative. I kept reading about this seafood sauce and just had to try it. NOLA is known for seafood and I thought I was sick of fish but dear Lord, the tilapia with ocean sauce was just phenomenal. I was busting out of my dress but I couldn't stop. The sauce is filled with crawfish, shrimp and I think another seafood...oyster? It's very rich so don't eat with your eyes because you may just pop. For dessert we had cannoli and tiramisu, it was good but the food was the memorable part!We got here about 9:15 pm midweek.  I was with people who had been here before and raved about it.  It was mediocre.  I had the steak with ocean sauce!  A special sauce they make that is very good. The steak was a cheap rib eye cut with lots of grizzle. I don't normally complain about fat and grizzle but this was not a good cut and for $36 I expected better.  The waitress was preoccupied, and the service slow. Our waitress talked to us more like a carnival worker than a waitress.  I've learned that salad is not something to order here in Louisiana so stick with the pasta instead. Warm, limp lettuce leaves with warm drizzled dressing and nothing else, is not a salad.Ok, being from San Francisco I thing folks in New Orleans have never had good italian food. The food is all italian, no creole which is what we wanted. The garlic bread is just a baguette with garlic powers on it. Nothing to write home about. Service was good. Same taste as Olive Garden which I can't stand. Good italian food at home in San Francisco.Great food! I recommend the mussels for an appetizer. They were phenomenal. Great music in the bar downstairs and the service was great too. Our waitress Alex had good recommendations for the seafood dishes. I will definitely come back!We ate here again on 8/28/11... Food was great as usual. I dropped one star because the service is terrible if you get the older guy as a waiter, He's usually drinking and doesn't pay too much attention but is sweet; however the food is that good that we put up with terrible service.... The garlic bread was not as great this time as it was last time. The servers usually make the bread so I'm guessing that since the server was a bit absent minded that her forgot he was making our bread and left in the oven too long... We had the spinach and cheese Cananolli for an appetizer, again. I had the chicken parm again. Both were flawless again. My Fianc had the Ocean veal and said it was phenomenal. 
I dropped the other star because a major downfall to me is that it is CASH ONLY... boo. I don't think I noticed this last time because I actually had cash on me. So we hit the ATM and accepted the ATM charge but it was still worth it because the food is so good!The food and the decor were great and very reasonable for a place in the quarter. 
Looks like a hole in the wall place and that no great or healthy food could come from it but this place is far from what it appears. 
The only reason for 4 stars and not 5 is due to the wait. They have no real system for seating you once this small place becomes packed to the max(which doesn't take long because there's like 8 tables) they have this book of paper in which your party's name gets up on. Then You wait any time from 1-2 hours on a busy night. And you have to keep checking in or they will skip you. But all in all we lived it and will be there againTorn between giving this a rave review or saying nothing in hopes that it doesn't become so popular that I won't be able to get in the next time I am in New Orleans. Shop clerk at Margaritaville(big eyeroll) recommended Adolfo's as a cool little spot to chill and have some good eats. He was so right. My pasta was amazing and perfectly cooked. The place is cozy, yes small. Thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere. The service was frantic but nice and attentive. We arrrived right when they opened for the evening and after us was a steady stream of peeps. Check it out. Or not.I stumbled upon this place on vacation in NOLA. What a gem. I had a clam Alfredo pasta that might be one of the best things I've ever eaten. My friend, a vegetarian, had the eggplant parmigiana and ate the entire thing. Delicious!!!So worth the wait and the bar downstairs has amazing music while you wait! We went with what the waitress suggested and it was AMAZING.We waited for two hours. Had a BLAST at the bar downstairs listening to live music and visiting with fellow tourist. The meal was delicious! I wish I could remember the name of the plates we ordered, they were wonderful! I had a steak, my husband had fish.Food was good. Ofcourse we had Ocean sauce on our pasta as everyone raves about it. It was delicious but lacked salt and had way too much pepper (assuming it was white pepper because I didn't see black flecks). Pasta was fresh but some of the ends were dried together.
Salad was blah mostly because the house dressing was a vinegar/mustard that lacked sweetness to balance the savory/tart. (Chef: a dash of honey would make a world of difference)
Also, there was a hair in my salad which I made the waitress aware of. No correction to our bill to compensate. 
Had the mussels special. Very good sauce but a third of our serving didn't open. Could have used a little more butter and garlic.
If you don't mind the hour long wait it is a good meal.My friends and I came here for a girls night after numerous people had recommended it to me. The atmosphere was enjoyable, almost feeling as if you were in a movie in a old but festive (read Christmas lights on the walls) hole in the wall. I'm not usually a go-to fish person, but figured I would give it a shot, since that was a popular item in previous yelp reviews. I ordered the Grouper with Ocean sauce, which was amazing. The fish was light, with a light cream sauce on top with crabmeat, crawfish, and shrimp as well. It was to die for. We also got the spinach and ricotta cannelloni and the oysters pernot as appetizers. They were both good, but the cannelloni was better! My entree also came with a side of linguine with a house made red sauce that was divine, unlike anything I've ever had before. We all agreed that this was an excellent choice, as everything was amazing. After all, every plate was wiped clean.
5 stars!!One of the best meals of my life!!!
If you plan on visiting Adolfo's, try to make a reservation as it is very small and there are less than 10 tables. Don't expect great service or anything fancy. It's small, it's quaint and it's damn good food!
One you get there and check out the menu, just skip over all of the pasta dishes. We ordered the rack of lamb and the mahi mahi "ocean style" and you should too. I didn't even know that I liked lamb until I ate here. I had it a few times and it never really did anything for me. The rosemary infused meaty goodness at Adolfo's was unlike anything I have ever tasted! It was charred and tender in all the right places. It was better than any piece of beef that I have had in my 30 years of existence. The "ocean" style fish is such where they serve a filet covered in a cream sauce that contains shrimp, crawfish & crab. The sauce was very light, yet very flavorful, and it just happened to taste great with the lamb.
The prices there were great too! I think our meal cost $109 and we had mussels, seafood cannelloni, rack of lamb, mahi mahi ocean style and a bottle of Chianti. You couldn't get that kind of deal with all of that fresh seafood in Chicago.
I left Adolfo's entirely mystified and satiated. My friend and I decided that had that been our last meal, we would have been entirely okay with that. I would drive back to New Orleans from Chicago just to have that meal again. Sigh.Came strongly recommended by Gil, the proprietor of the beautiful classic B&B we stayed at. I think J loved this place more than me. I'm not a big fan of pastas with a kick (creole-style), but it was still very tasty. J loved his grouper with ocean sauce. The mussels were good, but I hate to say it--I've had better. The server recommended a very nice white wine, which we thoroughly enjoyed with our meal. 
So what I didn't love was the wait. It's a very popular and somewhat famous staple in the french quarter. The wait is long. We were told 1 hour, but were fortunately seated within 40mins because we bypassed 3 larger parties ahead of us. It is a small restaurant located upstairs. Good thing is you can wait for a table at the loud bar downstairs. 
When visiting New Orleans, highly recommend an early dinner here (wait is much less).  For me, I'll explore other options or stuff my face at EAT again. Remember this place is CASH ONLY, so make sure you bring more than $100.This place became the highlight of our trip and truely signifies whats special about New Orleans. The food was better than great and the service was slightly better than exceptional. The establishment is rundown coverted house but thats part of the charm. I had Veal Oceana with ocean sauce, and I have to say the only bad part about the meal was getting to the end of it. What no more? I will definitely drive 6 hours to eat here again. #best meal ever.The reviews were right on about this place....it was certainly worth the wait and I appreciate the home feeling you get from eating upstairs in close quarters....doesn't really matter what you have as long as you get the ocean sauce on it you will have a meal that you will talk about for a lifetime. I kinda hate that the place only takes cash but to each its own....service was very good....the place is kinda small so your server can't hide in the back like you might experience at other popular locations...this place gets really crowded so get there early, have some patience, and bring some cash for the bar downstairs too lol. I recommend the steak and the grouper(nightly special) add the ocean sauce and I was satisfied with both meals. Great suggestion yelpersOne word: delicious
Came here on a local friend's recommendation and it did not disappoint! We started with the corn and crab cannellonli. The sauce was spicy and savory. The main course for me was veal with capers. SO AMAZING! 
It's a bit of a hole in the wall because the space is intimate but that just adds to its charm. I will definitely come back next time I'm in town. Plus there's a bar right downstairs with great music!I'd heard great recommendations from locals in NOLA about Adolfo's, but I have to say that I was severely disappointed. To start, it's a small space located above a bar, with rickety floors and poor lighting. I don't mind as much a 'hole in the wall' place, if the food is good, but there was no saving grace in that, I'm afraid to report. 
To start, we had the mussels to share. The flavoring was nice, but the mussels themselves were slightly chewy and over cooked. For my main, I had the veal ocean, as I'm a big veal fan and the ocean sauce is supposedly Adolfo's claim to fame. The veal was super thin and over cooked, and the ocean sauce was mediocre at best- the crawfish and shrimp in the sauce were also over cooked. You get a choice of 2 side items with each dish- salad with 'creole' dressing, or pasta with creole tomato sauce. I chose the salad- and again was super disappointed. The lettuce quality wasn't bad, but the 'creole' sauce was a strange concoction of horseradish and a watery mustard. Not very impressive. 
My boyfriend had the lamb, which was highly recommended by our server ("like lamb lollipops, just falls off the bone"). He ordered it med, but it appeared to be rare and certainly did not fall off the bone. However, he did report that the lamb was well seasoned and the flavoring wasn't bad. For his side, he chose the pasta- which was as underwhelming as the salad. The pasta was massively over cooked and the sauce was of poor quality and flavor- similar quality to a canned tomato sauce, in my opinion. All in all, a very disappointing dinner. 
On the plus, the service was good and the drinks were nice. The area seems lively and fun, with lots of bars and music around. To conclude, Adolfo's did not live up to its reputation for me.Not sure why this place is listed under seafood currently, because it's an Italian restaurant.  This place is very snug, with a bar and small performance area downstairs, and tables for dining upstairs.  There is a ton of art on the walls, candles on each table, and a small bar upstairs.  We got here early enough and luckily didn't have to wait.  I had the eggplant parmigiana, and my friend had spaghetti with marinara.  I loved the dressing on the side salads, kind of a spicy mustard concoction.  We both loved our food, and the tasty garlic bread that they serve each table.  My dish was cheesy, spicy, and plentiful.  The food really hit the spot, and is a welcome change from the ever-present Creole cuisine of the area.  They are cash only though, just FYI.OMG! that was great food! Small place. Do NOT come hungry because you will most probably sit downstairs in the bar listening to a street musician for a while. It is all part of the experience. The waiter told us of the 4 items on the menu. There was no physical menu. One of our friends asked for the steak to be cooked a different way with no salt, or seasoning of any kind, etc, etc. The waiter said "no. We dont do that". He then ordered a salad. :) We had the trout which was fantastic! This is our favorite place to eat in NO.Wonderful Italian food with soul... 3 of the girls in my party said best pork chops they've ever had! Great music downstairs while your waiting on a table!True New Orleans! The downstairs is a tiny bar with live music that just sucks you in while though wait for a table. Cash only at the bar.
The food was amazing. My fish was cooked to perfection with an excellent sauce. 
The restraunt was homey with 10 or so tables. You will drink and be merry in this dimly lit classic.Adolfo's is cramped, dark, and loud, three things I look for in a rustic Italian eatery. It's above Apple Barrel, which is a really laid back place with cheap drinks and good music so your inevitable wait is actually pretty enjoyable. You're seated elbow to elbow but the restaurant turns strangers into friends so it's no issue in my book. The menu is sparse but what's there is simply the best Italian American cuisine I've ever tasted. 
Anything with ocean sauce is a memorable experience, and the spinach cannelloni starter was delicious as well. Our bill with tip was under $100 for two with a reasonable bottle of wine. Go, put your name on the list, have a few warm up drinks downstairs and get ready for a fantastic meal.
If I lived in the Crescent City I'd be there twice a week.amazing little joint
as others have said, get the OCEAN SAUCE!!!
Tiny dining room, but the bar downstairs is a great dive to spend an hour in if you gotta wait for a tableOh man this was our favorite dinner while visiting New Orleans !! You MUST get your entree with their special "ocean" sauce. It's to die for!!!what a great little hole in the wall...the only bummer was the wait...they told u and hour and it was over 2 hours...we were SO hungry so we had to wait n the bar downstairs...if they told us 2 hours upfront we would have gone elsewhere but...the food was great....the cannelloni was to die for....i had a wonderful fish with ocean sauce...WOW!! ...what a great sauce...hubby  had steak with crab on top...unbelievable  would totally go back...just a little earlier so we don't have twit 2 hours!!I forgot about how great Adolfo's really is! I recommend bringing a bottle of wine, or two.... and the canneloni. The mussels are awesome too. I enjoy the grouper with a caper topping or any of the veal dishes. Not overly priced and worth the wait. Small intimate setting perfect for a date.food was good and the wait was not too long- 20 minutes. Rack of lamb was delicious as was the italian sausage cannelloni and eggplant parm. 
So why only three stars? Waiter was indifferent, even on the surly side and he provided mediocre service, forgetting our garlic bread and walking away for long periods of time. Hard to figure how he could disappear for so long given how small the place is. And the cigarette smoke from the bar downstairs really stank up the restaurant.Love this place! Atmosphere and location is fantastic. The food....where do I begin?? The food is absolutely amazing! The mussels, the pasta, escargot.....I love everything!!!Best three courses of cream I've ever eaten. Had the eggplant and crab, it was a little spicy and covered in cream sauce. Had the mussels in wine, they were buttery and everyone single one was perfect, some of the best mussels I've had. Had the Mahi-Mahi with ocean sauce. 
Turns out "ocean sauce" is exactly the same sauce used for the eggplant appetizer, so I basically just ate the same thing twice... except the second time, it came with shrimp and craw fish too. The waiter should have just told me it was a redundant order. Or maybe they should just change their appetizer to not be THE SAME as their signature dish. But I mean... it was still fucking delicious.
TIP: get cash somewhere else, because the ATM here has a $4.00 fee.D'lish
OCEAN SAUCE 
Oh My Goodness
WOW! Another awesome local "hole in the wall" New Orleans restaurant.  
We were in town for Thanksgiving last week and hanging out at Apple Barrel one night.  We were starving and noticed the stairs to the side of the bar.  My husand had heard of Adolpho's once, but we didn't know much about it.  The locals then filled our heads with visions of fish topped with "ocean sauce," rack of lamb, & veal.  We were sold.
Walked upstairs gave our name and were seated (table for 2) in about 5-10 min. max.  The space is small and has a very local feel to it.
We both ordered fish (one grouper & one flounder) with Ocean Sauce.  It was just what we were looking for.  Fresh gulf fish with a fantastic crab meat, shrimp, & crawfish(?) sauce.  SO AWESOME!!!!
We will go back.  I can't wait.  Definitely a top choice of the city.  
Price: not bad at allSat at bar was ignored for 20 minutes, the bar girl sucks.
Rude, talked way too much and did not pay attention yo the order of the bar. During my turn , i asked for a particular type of rum, she said I was next, then waited on 10 more customers. I gave up and went upstairs to the restaursnt. 
I hope the food is good.Zeroooo star ! The place is a joke. Wait for hours to be seated then wait another couple hours to get your drink/food partially and another 15mn to get everyone's served. The worst was definitely the service because food was great. Night killer .My meal was not good; ordered a $30 special which was overcooked & mushy and the shrimp were gritty. Told the waiter (not complaining) and he really just blew it off. Service was sub par to say the least. The rest of my party liked their food but it was nothing to write home about. With all the amazing food options in New Orleans this is definitely one place you can skip over.