Love the food. Carni italanie pizza awesome. Great beer selection. Spedoni superb. Great and friendly service. Been back 3 times, and plan to return.This place is so good!  There are so many choices that you can't try everything on one visit.  Great atmosphere, great service, and amazing pizza!! Will definitely be back to try more! The staff was very helpful and knowledgable about the menu.  The bar is beautiful and they have a great happy hour with different nightly specials.I had the chicken Marsala and it was just amazing.  Best I've had.  My only complaint was that I'd prefer torn or prepared basil on my captese salad.Went here today for lunch for their $5.00 pizza since it was their 2 year anniversary.  Well, the table next to us arrived 5 minutes before us and table of three.  We were the 2nd table to be sat.  They received all three pizzas very quickly and got their bills and we still didn't get our one pizza.  I asked the rude waitress and she said there was a bunch of pizzas before you.  Well, I wasn't going to argue with her.  We arrived at 11:30am pizza came to us at 12:10pm.  Pizza was delish.  Service needs huge improvement!Great service. Ok food. The ingredients seemed fresh, but the execution was average. Fried Oreos with salted caramel gelato were delicious though.I have to say, the few times I have been in here I was slightly disappointed. However today was amazing, with the best Saint Patrick's day specials starting off with $2.00 green beer and $2.00 Jameson's shots, followed with $5.00 pizzas! This was a treat! The staff was on point, and excited to see us. Food was out very quick, and the bartender was attentive and checked back to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. :):) best experience I've had in a long time! Keep up the good work friends! Great job!Went here tonight for a date. We split the cauliflower pizza and it was good. Could have used a little more salt. The service was very friendly and attentive. They had one of the most amazing wines that I've had at a restaurant.I ate here Thurs and will be going back. The decor is old school Italian with lots of wood and I felt comfortable in shorts at the bar but would be just as good for a dressed up date night with the wife. The draft beer selection was large and the bartender attentive even though they were very busy. 
They started me off with a martini glass of meatballs, apparently a Thursday special. While I was waiting for my pizza the folks next to me shared their calamari when they realized they had ordered to much food and it was was crispy and tasty. I had the Shrimp Diavolo pizza and it was fresh shrimp in a spicy marinara sauce. Liked it a lot and having it baked in a brick oven makes such a difference. 
All in all I had a great time watching the Saints game with good food and cold beer and am sure to be back with my wife because they had a big menu of Italian dishes I want to try.We celebrated our tenth anniversary here, our waiter was very nice and the food was very good. the owners were sitting right behind us and made us feel very welcome at their restaurant. If we lived in New Orleans we would go every week.Service was decent. I work up the way and thought I would have a bomb pizza. I was wrong. The pizza was extremely hot.  But the cheese was sliding off of the pizza, too much marinara I suppose. It just was not a good pizza.The pizza was ok and the wings were ok, but I will NEVER RETURN TO THIS RESTAURANT BECAUSE THERE WAS GLASS IN OUR ICE CREAM when the
hubby and I ordered the fried Oreos. The waiter took the dessert off the bill and apologized and took the plate away instantly. I saw the other wait staff looking at the glass on our plate and discussing it in disbelief. The manager came over and offered us free appetizer and drinks on our next meal and gave us her card. But we decided we'll never go there ever again in life!One star because of the awful service. Female server forgot to put in a pizza order (took 80 minutes to arrive), refused to admit her mistake, then refused to comp my single draft beer in return. Hostile attitude for no reason; I was polite. Worst service I've ever had in New Orleans considering our cutthroat restaurant business. She didn't forget to add her 18% because of our party of 7. Wow. 
The pizza itself was good, or just seemed that way considering how starving I was after the wait.The service was good tonight, it was the food that we're deeming two-star quality. The price is the same for a spaghetti & meatball dinner as it is at Vincent's, but at Vincent's you get breadsticks, salad, soup, and higher quality pasta! I don't think two meatballs and a cup of pasta should be all you get for the price. At least slap a piece of garlic bread on those fancy (plain white) triangular plates!Awful service. different servers could not explain questions about dishes the menu. They have no idea how food is prepared nor did they seem to care if I had any questions answered. I felt like I was bothering them to even inquireHad a great time at $5 pizza Thursday.  I thought the food and coffee were excellent.  Looking forward to coming back a lot.Went to experience a pleasant evening with my wife, but was very disappointing.  Hostess sat us and gave us menus.  I asked for the wine list which showed up after waiting on our server.  The server only explained the happy hour till 6 after we complained about the wine prices $$$$.  The wine list is very limited and expensive.  Then once we ordered wine, we were later briefed on the special.
Food was very mediocre.  Too many other great choices on Magazine which are much cheaper to go back.Amazing pizza great happy hour specials. Always stop here when I come to New Orleans.Looking for a place to dine al fresco on a glorious spring Sunday, we grabbed a sidewalk table at Amici. The people watching was spectacular, but was the highlight of the meal.
Service: Attentive, although my friend swore our waiter was stoned :) I attempted to order the brucioluni (sp?) first, but the waiter said it wasn't fresh, so he gets props from me for not letting me order something he knew wasn't up to par - but I was still disappointed that one of my favorite Italian dishes was not to be....
Appetizer: Bruscetta was good and the kitchen added a 4th piece to the order since there were 4 of us dining.
Pizza: I didn't taste anyone else's, but the roasted cauliflower pizza came highly recommended by a friend, so I went for it. Although the menu says all pizzas are cooked well done, the crust was only crispy on the edges and still soft in the menu. Since I love a crispy crust, I was disappointed in this. Also, the entire thing seemed to be missing seasoning. Even with the addition of oregano and red peppers, it was a bland, bland dish.
One app, 2 salads, 3 pizzas = $92 so it's not a cheap meal. I was left wishing it had been so much better.Husband and I love this Italian place! The atmosphere allows you to either dress up or dress down and at night it's dimly lit. Try the fried Oreos!First time in, drive by it all the time. I was feeling a little Italian tonight so we stopped in.  I had chicken parm and a gin and tonic both were equally as good.  The portions are huge. John got veal parm and a gin tonic. He was pleased with both. 
Go with an empty stomach!We had been here for happy hour & pizzas a few times.
Just dropped in for a drink, bar full, maitre ' directed us to a small bar table.  After ~10" no server, went to bar to order drinks, was told by bartender to sit back down a waitress would come.  Another 10", no service, hailed a waitress, who said she'd send someone; still no service.  Saw numerous empty bar seats, went up there but was told all seats were "being held".  Then, there was some sort of "server-spat"; we were made to feel very unwelcome, so left.
IDK what to say, previous visits had been pleasant.
You have been warned. . . . . . 
RickBest pizza in new orleans, wood oven pizza using only amazing ingredients, the happy hour deal is out of this workd, half price on any pizza and wine glass , no restriction!! Our waiter Willey was the best, so nice , quick and calm! Loved the experience, wish i could eat there everyday!I'll start by saying that this is one of the few diners on Magazine that has a parking lot for it's customers. So that's a bonus.
I didn't enjoy my food, but I would go back and try their pizza because the couple next to us pizza looked delicious. My lasagna wasn't hot and the meat was flavorless. It was a big portion but I did not care for it. However, my date said he did enjoy his chicken fettuccine.
The service was satisfactory as we walked right in and were seated around 2:30 on a Saturday afternoon.We came in on a Saturday night during the Champagne Stroll and sat within 10 minutes. We ordered a cheese board, mussels and a marghrita pizza to split between 2 adults and one child and everything was delicious. The cheese board had 3 sauces(pesto, olive salad and a reduced balsamic), 3 cheeses(Brie, goat cheese with cranberries, and a cheese with olives), and toast. I could haven eaten the goat cheese on its own. We had to ask for extra bread to scrap the bottom of the plate to sop up all of the sauce from the mussels it was that delicious. Jasmine was an awesome server very attentive and professional. I will definitely will be back again!It tastes like chef boyardee and or ragu u might as well go to Popeyes and get a $5 box for a home cooked mealThis is the worst dinner experience I have had in a very long time and I eat out a lot . We sat at the bar and didn't get a drink for 20 mins . The bar tender was new and did not know any thing about the menu so she said 
I asked about the meatballs and was told by another bartender yea they are  meatballs . 
I ordered the the Caprese salad which was nice looking 
but had no flavor at all . After ordering the chicken parmigiana and asked for garlic and olive oil on the pasta 
Which was received with with a poor attitude 
Dinner came and it was just a bowl of pasta and no chicken parmigiana . The bar tender copped another attitude  so we walked out  . After informing the manager 
Of the experience she seemed uninterested and said she didn't know what to do 
I live near by and will NEVER RETURN to such a poorly 
Run restaurant     DINER BEWARSAmici's great staff and specials have had me coming back for weeks! It's as if the more times I make the effort to show up the more of a home I've found. When Murat is bartending, I've felt this is one place on Magazine St. where being a local or regular is revered rather than ignored. Both the lighting and music are terrific for an enjoyable first date, celebration, or a quick drink at the bar. On Wednesdays they have half price bottles of wine and Thursday's $5 gourmet pizzas. They don't deliver but there appears to be an outside service that runs pizza from the bar every ten to fifteen minutes or so. Plus they have a great happy hour from 3-6pm everyday. If you ever need anything talk to Adam...he's a guy that can make it happen.I went to this restaurant because it was highly recommended by a friend, and I'm glad I did. We sat on the patio, which is covered and deters direct sunlight, and dined for lunch. The limoncello martini is very refreshing. It was perfect for a July 4h day on the town. Initially I ordered the ----
Nona Lena's Bruciuluni
19.00
Four pork medallions stuffed with beef, Italian sausage, egg & seasonings served with angel hair pasta and our marinara sauce
---- but it was dry and overcooked. I rarely send food back, but one bite and I was done. I ended up with the lasagna, and it was delicious. My server was A1, I didn't feel rushed, and he kept a great attitude the entire time. With the exception of the first dish, all of his recommendations were spot on. Everyone should come here at least once if visiting New Orleans.What can I say! The chicken parmigiana is amazing and gone the minute it is put in front of me. The wines and beer are plentiful. Great service and an amazing place to have some down to earth Italian! Will always be backLucked up on their Thursday special which was a bonus to already wonderful food. Pizzas are fantastic! So glad we stopped.After experiencing the Creole/Cajun liz in the French Quarter we felt it was time to try something plainer and different. Hence, this eatery.
Atmosphere  75      Spacious and in vogue
Service          65      Non existent
Food             70      Not what we expected and certainly not NY pizza
Value            70      High priced poor pizza
Perhaps a few beers or cocktails as openers a  might be worthwhille. Although I can not vouch for nay of the other eateries on Magazine Street I would recommend to keep looking..Food is great but $6.50 for a Cane Break thats brewed in Baton Rouge, Thats way over priced.Charcoal fired pizza carmelizes the toppings really nicely.  Service lacks a bit, but mostly from high turn over.  The food is good the service is spotty.I visited amici on a Friday night, and it was rather busy. The environment inside was welcoming, and our waiter was attentive and helpful. I ordered the Margherita pizza, and I loved it. I wish there were some additional toppings for the pizza. I would love to try some seafood options on the pizza in the future. Veggies and shrimp on one of their specialty pizzas sounds delicious.I'm not sure I get the craze about Amici. I've gone a couple times for specials and both times the pizza has just been okay. Once or twice for $5 pizza night which is always crowded and pizzas or hit miss and another time when it was much slower and pizzas still were just okay. Not a fan of the cauliflower pizza by their dipping sauces can make pretty much anything taste good. Being able to see the pizza oven in the back is neat but there are better places around for pizza. Service wasn't particularly friendly on any visit either. Mediocre pizza joint. I'd try something else if I went again with friends but if I'm choosing I'm not picking Amici their prices are a little steep for what it is.I had a group visiting me and we came here for some dinner before continuing onto our fun night.  Everyone enjoyed their meal a lot and I was sampling what everyone had.  I'd only been here before to meet friends for drinks so I'm glad I got a chance to sit down and have some food.
They have a rule posted that says no backwards caps, tank tops, or white t-shirts which I'd never noticed before.  Well wouldn't you know it, I was wearing a backwards cap, my buddy was wearing a white t-shirt, and of course someone had a tank top.  None of us had expected the day to lead us here where a dress code might be in place but everyone there was really nice and nobody said a word to us about it but instead treated us very well and even brought one of us some extra scraps for the puppy she had with her.
Overall, good food with a nice staff and we had a good time there and it showed my visiting friends how nice we can be here.Why is place is busy on a Thursday is beyond me.  Service is frantic but poor.   The three cocktails I got were so different you'd swear I asked for totally different drinks.  An hour and fifteen minutes from order to getting a pizza.   I have never been somewhere and seen so many people grab someone to find their server.
Something is just off with the managementBad service hostess wouldn't give us a table so we had to eat at the bar. The bartender was taking shots and hitting on the girl that placed a Togo order. The kitchen was backed up so it took an hour and a half to get our foodThe decor is beautiful.  The bartenders were very friendly.  Went for a saints game, they had 50% off on certain pizzas, which were delicious.Very bad service...almost inexistent. Waiter completely ignored us. Had to call the waiter 15mins after being seated. Long wait to get a table, long wait to order and long wait to get the food. We didn't get any water at the table after being seated. Really bad managementWe have been there today and the pizza was just delicious!! On top, it was happy hour (btw 3-6pm) and pizza and drinks were half off! As well the ambience was awesome :) I would definitely recommend this reataurant to anyone living or visiting new orleans :)Was not impressed.  We went on the eve of Father's Day and tables to the right were all set with place settings for 4 or more but empty.  We were then seated at a small unset table for 2 shoved in a corner of the bar area with only 1 seat, the hostess had to find a chair.  The table directly next to us had the extra seat but they were still sitting there.  Very tight seating arrangement.  I'm not sure why we were not seated in the main dining unless they were all reserved, the hostess didn't stick around long enough for us to ask.  The server was in a hurry to get out drink order and then our order.  We started with fried calamari, it was lack luster, light but greasy.  At least it didn't taste "fishy" or chewy.  It wasn't very crispy and the marinara sauce was sweet.  The meals don't come with anything so you have to order salads extra and they are pricey.  We just ordered meals.  Hubby ordered the chicken parmigiana.  The chicken breast was small but crispy served over pasta with sauce.  The sauce was sweet like the marinara for the calamari.  I ordered the fettuccine with shrimp.  The sauce was more runny than thick and on the salty side.  There were 7 pieces of medium sized shrimp that were grilled.  We were tired and wanted a restaurant close by our hotel.  On a Sunday night there weren't many options and that's how we ended up here.  I wouldn't  recommend this place although it did get busy in the dining area by the time we left so maybe others had a different experience.Another great night at Amici!  This is a great spot for a date.  It is warm and inviting.  When you go, be sure to look up!  The ceiling will make you feel like you're dining in an old mansion.  The food was great, as usual.  I recommend the spaghetti and meat balls and the bruschetta.  Oh, and it is half off bottles of wine on Wednesdays, so it would be a great place to catch up with your girls over a couple bottles!  And if you're looking for somewhere to eat outside when it's just a little too cold, they have big, pretty heaters outside so that you can watch the Magazine St. World go by.  Thanks Adam, for the hospitality!Visited here tonight while on vacation with relatives. Overall, the food was quite good, not great but good enough. However the place wasn't even half full but the server was always in a hurry. Could have been 4 stars otherwise.Pizza and pasta great. Excellent service. Would give 5 star but uses too much Fabuloso cleaner that burned my eyes. Way tooo strong.This restaurant is relatively new so I suggest that you make a reservation, we wanted to go out to eat with 6 people around 7 but couldn't get a reservation until 8pm. The table was ready when we walked up at 8 pm and everything was good to go. 
I had pizza earlier that day (whoops) and I didn't want to eat it again so I decided to try Tritare Insalata (Gorgonzola cheese, garbanzo beans, olives, cucumber, onions & salami chopped & tossed in our housemade Italian dressing - $11) without the onions and a strawberry bellini which was called something like strawelini? I can't remember how much the drink was but my salad and drink cost just as much as my friend's pizza the Carni Italiane Carni Italiane  (Housemade marinara, salami, pancetta, meatballs, capicola & mozzarella $18).
The service was great, the server was very attentive for a busy Saturday night and the salad was good, I would have liked less dressing. Also, our table of 6 had 7 chairs which made seating a little awkward because one of my friends randomly sat at the head of the table. Don't expect to hear everything going on at your table, this restaurant is very loud when it is crowded.I love this place! You CANNOT beat $5 Pizza Thursday's & daily 2for1 happy hour! Just round up your friends after work & enjoy a delicious coal fire pizza! There's so many toppings to choose from, if you have a hard time deciding there's also tasty specialty pizzas on the menu. My favorite toppings are chicken & spinach, AMAZEEEEE-ING! 
Erica is an awesome waitress! If you need any help she's got you covered, from choosing your drink to toppings on your pizza! You'll love her upbeat personality (: 
I always enjoy the outside seating and getting that nice Magazine St breeze. If you're more of a "dine inside" type, there's plenty of tables & ambient lighting later in the evening for a more intimate feel. There's also a nice bar with flat screens if you want to have the perfect seat to watch a game & expert bar staff to help with any questions on cocktails or eats. 
This is always my first choice on where to spend a Thursday! Always a great experience! ~The food, drinks, and our waitress were all wonderful.  We got the spinach Alfredo pizza. Crisp with amazing flavors. The wait stuff were very pleasant. The best part of the meal had to be the drinks. I got the black and blue, which was refreshing. The pomegranate spritzer was unique and very bubbly. Sarah E was our waitress and she entertained us. Super sweet and knew the menu very well!  5 stars across the board!I went to Amici for an event today and really enjoyed my time there. The service was spectacular. They really went above and beyond to make our group feel welcome. The food was solid and decently priced. I'd happily go back on any occasion, especially knowing that they can take such good care of a large group. 
Thanks again, Amici!!Great service and awesome food my girlfriend and I really enjoy came here and take our dinerThe food was definitely worth a return. But the service was almost offensive. With more than an hour left of service we felt as though we were being pushed out the door... despite ordering apps, wine and cocktails and multiple pizzas, all of which were very good, thewaitress completely ruined the experience. I would be open to return for a new waitressMy husband and I went to Amici today with the buy one get one free coupon they sent us in the mail, and the restaurant wouldn't honor it. Even though the coupon states "offer valid for lunch (11:30 am to 3 pm daily)" and "open seven days a week," restaurant management said the coupon was not valid on weekends. We chose to go to lunch here specifically because of the coupon, and I feel duped by a false offer. The pizza was fine; too bad we won't be returning because of the bait and switch. There are plenty of good pizza places in town, and there's no reason to do business with someone who operates like this.Ehhh it's ok. Sauce tastes canned pasta is probably dried and not fresh. Would expect more for the money. Pizza was ok though and had a decent wine selection.The thin, coal-fired pizza = fantastic; the other entrees = good, but not great. 
Their wine list is solid, and they're known for their cold beer selection on tap. I have been here three times, and have enjoyed the atmosphere thoroughly. In a nut shell, come with a date and/or friends, order a couple of different appetizers and pizzas (the sausage is incredible), enjoy a bottle of wine, and take in the vibes. You will not be disappointed.
Overall: 4.1 / A -I love Amici. I have been to Amici countless times - the bar staff knows me. There is ALMOST nothing negative I have to say about this place because it is wonderful and I love it. 
But...
The menu could use a little expanding. The food is great, but I don't understand why chicken picatta, a delicious Italian staple, isn't on the menu. A girl just wants a nice dish of chicken picatta and some white wine to go with her conversation - is that possible, guys?I was pleasantly surprised with how good Amici was.  I went there for the first time recently.  The space is very nice, the service friendly, and the food was REALLY good.  I started with the arancini, which was tasty and perfectly fried.  The highlight was the roasted cauliflower pizza which was EXCELLENT!  I do not say this lightly or often.  I could count on one, maaaybe two hands, how many times I can say I've had amazing pizza.
To me, the way they cook the pizza is perfection!  I have had a lot of thin crust, wood fired pizza having lived in NYC for a long time.  Even there, I'm very particular about where I get my pizza because I believe the thin crust should be crisp - not soggy and limp.  Limp thin crust pizza does not do it for me texturally - I hate it.  I was very pleased with my dining experience here and will be back.  I highly recommend Amici.Stopped in just for a drink. Person next to us was having a pepperoni pizza that looked and smelt divine so we ordered one. Coal fired pizza baked to perfection with the best sauce I have ever tasted   Must have if you are on the garden district .I got the meatball app. It was good and tasted like good Italian meatballs. The meat pizza (which real name escapes me) was really good and had all of the meats. The carbonara pasta was the best thing that we ordered. The service was impeccable and very friendly.THIS is the Amici's cuisine that my family has come to love in the few months we've lived in New Orleans!  Nothing is better on a rainy day than off-street parking,  a welcoming table,  and great food.  My daughter is still a fan of the pizza and I think we've all come to enjoy it equally.Cons:
- Not all pastas are made in house, so you have to ask your server to clarify which are/aren't. 
- We were turned away at the parking lot even though the parking lot was NOT full, and restaurant was NOT full. 
- They were out of the house made Lemoncello. On a Saturday night. Really? 
- Dessert menu is not impressive, but they make up for with the Pros. 
Pros: 
- SERVICE was amazing! Refilled drinks, offered guidance on the menu, checked on us to make sure we were happy throughout the meal without making us feel bothered or rushed. 
- FOOD: the calamari was slightly salty, but still very tasty. The french fries were delicous and you get a very generous portion of the apps, making the price seem fair. The homemade pasta (Fettucini Alfredo & Diablo with calabrata) are exceptional. The pizza was exceptional as well; cooked perfectly.  Everything was well seasoned and the recipes seemed well thought out and nicely executed. 
- DRINKS: the cocktail menu includes something for everyone, and the drinks were a great addition to our meal. The drinks alone garner a visit because you could have a drink a day for months, and I'm sure they'd all be fantastic. Though of course, being out of homemade lemoncello was definitely disappointing to the Italian among us. 
- RESERVATIONS: they take reservations! Magazine is such a booming area on the weekends, and while I love that,  I don't want to fight the parking situation to be told I have a 2 hour wait at a restaurant. Thankfully Amici takes reservations! 
- ATMOSPHERE: The decorations are beautiful, and the dinning room is very inviting. The atmosphere is inviting for friends, a date, or a large group. They even had a huge table for an adult's birthday party, but the way the room is built, it was not overly noisy. Love that!Any chance the greeter at this place could crack a smile? Felt like asking for a table was a chore. Worst way to start a dining experience. To be specific, this is on the night of 5/5/15. After this the service from our waitress, Theda was great! Food was good as well! Way to ruin the experience early on though.This restaurant must have recently went through a change in ownership and the quality seemed to go with that change. When asked for a wine list/beer list the waitress said they were newly reopened and did not have menus. She showed us a small list of wines that she kept on her and we were left on our own to look at the bar to see what was on tap. We were not offered water and what Italian restaurant doesn't offer bread with the meal? I ordered a caprese salad and calimari and my dining partner order penne vodka. The calimari was over fried and dried out and obviously from a frozen bag. The caprese salad was disgusting, the tomatoes cut too thick and not ripe at all, almost white in the middle. Bad quality mozzarella, grainy and flavorless. The pasta in the penne vodka was over cooked and mushy and the sauce was flavorless and the portion was too small for $16.  I was unable to eat my caprese salad, that's how bad it was and when brought to attention of the staff i never actually spoke to someone with the management just a chef who was nice enough but made me feel like I offended him. They took the price of the salad off our check and offered us a piece of chocolate cake. Now I'm not one to look a gift horse in the mouth but if this cake is what they are offering to compensate for a bad meal they are sadly mistaken. It was like a raw, barely warmed up, mushy brownie. I've had better meals at the Olive Garden and at least there they give offer bread. The owners need to look at where they are sourcing their food because they're not going to be open long with this quality, especially in New Orleans where I can get a better meal at a gas station.Went here for the first time a week ago. Sat at the bar for a casual night out with friends. Payton was our bartender and was FANTASTIC. My dirty martini was perfect and the eggplant pizza she recommended was the best pizza I've had so far in the city. I will be back!Sing the theme from the facts of life to this review:
Well you take the good, you take the bad, you take them both and then you have....Joy's Yelp, Joy's Yelp
Well the food was good, the wine was fine, the service needs a little help.....its Joy's Yelp, its Joy's Yelp.
Ok, but seriously, the coal fire chicken wings and pizza were very good, but I'm still partial to Ancora......but this was good.Come for happy hour!! outdoor seating + half of cocktails - all night on Thursdays (I think?)
Entire martini list, the espresso like one was one of the best, although many sounded amazing.
Just went happy hour ran later in nola, like in nyc! 6 pm seems pretty early - but better than nothing!
Also, say hi to danielle - she's awesome!Would like to start by saying our server Josh was very nice .. and the ambiance,  air conditioning and music track were awesome! That's where the good news ends ....  It was  1:30 pm Saturday afternoon lunch time experience .  There were practically no other patrons in the restaurant when we walked in.. so you would think our service  would have been over the top and quick .. not the case .  Ordered a Corona Light ... server walks away only to come back saying they didn't have it  ...so... ordered a Miller Lite ... server walked away only to return and was told they didn't have... but I pointed out that it was 'on tap' ... oops .. yes they have it:/    Ordered salad with ranch dressing on the side ... no ranch dressing ...really?? Isn't this the most common dressing EVER ??
 Ordered chicken Marsala only to have Josh come back 5 minutes later  to tell us they were out of Marsala sauce ... really??? so reordered another dish .  
Patrons ahead of us continued to be served their food while we waited and waited .. all while our shared caprese salad appetizer dirty dishes stayed in front of us for ever until  we finally moved them ourselves to the table next to us . 
All this and never a manager came over to apologize for all the mishaps .. 
Doesn't really matter if the food was good or not .. it was... but the service and experience were not ! 
Our first and last time ...too many 'good food ' options On Magazine St .. lots of restaurants trying to get and keep patrons business .. we live here and won't go back here again .Bomb ass happy hour - half prices DELICIOUS coal oven thin crust PIZZA. Best pizza in the Lower garden district - half off BIG goblets of wine. I'm buzzed and very happy.The bruschetta was awesome. Which is why I gave it two stars. Our pasta was horrible (broccoli rabe & spicy shrimp). Tasteless, too little sauce, bitter, we couldn't finish it. They have a sub par cocktail menu. And our waitress would disappear for long stretches of time. 
Also the group next to us was crude and annoying. Destroying the atmosphere. I will not come here again.Stopped in to Amici on a beautiful night hoping to sit outside.  No such luck, as everyone else had the same idea.  We went ahead and sat inside, which was a-ok.
Atmosphere:  B
A few tables outside are nice.  Indoors, the atmosphere is pretty, but it can get a little loud.
Service:  A
Service was very friendly.  
Food:  A
The four of us all got different pizzas, and they were all good.  I especially liked my four cheese pizza with added pepperoni.
Value:  A+ on Thursdays, C regularly
Thursday nights offer a helluva steal!  $5 pizzas all evening!  You simply can't beast that!  Get yourself some 1/2 price drinks during happy hour too, and it's a date night on the cheap.  Their regular prices are a little high.  Since my first visit was on a Thursday, I can't see going back and ever paying regular prices.  (And because I'm also spoiled by Pizza Domenica's 1/2 price pizzas during their happy hour).We totally goofed and didn't make reservations for dinner on our Saturday night in NOLA. After wandering around and trying to figure out where to go, we decided to forgo the French Quarter for somewhere calmer. This was relatively close to our hotel and pizza sounded good after all the walking we'd done.
Wil was our server and was awesome. Very personable, willing to answer questions, make suggestions, and was attentive. We ended up creating our own pizza and it was so good. The crust had a great crunch to it and held up the toppings well. Our drinks never went dry and we weren't pressured to order more drinks, appetizers, or dessert. 
The bathroom wasn't as clean as I would have imagined from this type of place. There were strips of toilet paper on the floor, the back of the toilet was dirty, the paper towel holders were not filled, but instead, a roll of paper towels were on the counter, and the soap dispensers were almost empty. We did have to wait for a hostess to seat us and it seemed like a waitress was coming to do it in her absence. The waitress was very short with us and seemed bothered that she was having to help out the hostess or accommodate our request for an outside table- not sure which. The hostess came to take over and she wasn't much more personable, but better. Thankfully, Wil turned the experience around.Amici ' s has very quickly gone from being our absolute Favorite spot to somewhere way lower on our list. Amici's has a standard menu; its not one that changes seasonally. But for some reason, we have been unable to get the one meal we come for more than once now because they were out of the key ingredient. Service also seems to be on a serious decline.  Whether either of those is a factor or not, the once crowded place is nearly dead. Maybe they should consider a seasonal menu so that they can actually SERVE what they advertise and offer on their menu. They still have really good pizzas and the happy hour special on those is still a great value.I don't have a lot to say.  The pizza isn't bad, it just isn't special.  The atmosphere is also not unique or interesting in the way so many New Orleans restaurants are.  I would say this is for one of those evenings when you just want pizza, you don't want to spend much and you're not looking for a blow-me-away evening.  For great Italian in this city try Italian Barrel first and Irene's second.Very good pizza. The coal burning oven definitely has a different twist than the traditional. We went when they just opened, and the service was excellent despite the crowd.We did we're staying in the Garden District during our visit and we we're looking for someplace to eat one night and stumbled across Amici's... this was one of our best meals and such amazing Italian food.  Everything was so fresh and flavorful... The service was amazing we had several questions and the waitress had no problem answering them... if we ever go back to New Orleans we will definitely be going there for a meal.Good lunch. Nothing particularly special, but it's a big spacious restaurant with a decent menu.I was looking forward to dining here after my parents had gone 2x and said it was really good. Upon entering we were seated right away but my husband mentioned to me that the hostess handed him the menus as we left the host stand for him to carry to the table. And no drink/wine menu(Just a little different but ok). The food was fabulous. We had the mussels (came out with no bread so we had to wait for the waitress to hear some bread) and a caprese and then the lasagna and the breaded veal. All were very tasty! We will be back. Another thing I notice is why are restaurants not putting salt and pepper on the table? This wasn't the first place that I've noticed that. Overall though we were happy and left satisfied! We will be back.The dark lighting, red walls and bar make this place so inviting, it could be one of my favorite places to hang out. The server was also very professional and knowledgeable. 
The lasagne was served on a plate with very impressive structure. The pizza had nice char and also looked really promising. They even offered fresh Romano cheese The problem was this sickly sweet red sauce on both. This is the kind of flavor that kids love, but it distorts the flavors of Italian American food into something unholy.Love the Wine Wednesday and half price pizza Thursday at Amici. Awesome deals and food for the specialized prices!We've been four times since Amici opened.  The Veal Milanese can't be beat and the Eggplant Rollatini, Spiedini, and Roasted Chicken Wing appetizers are a reason we keep going back!  Be sure to look for the daily soup specials.  The tomato basil with corn and crab bisque and the oyster artichoke were amazing!
A couple thoughts concerning previous reviewers:  the ladies room wallpaper is indeed very creative and, the number of TVs didn't bother me. We are in a town known for its sports enthusiasts!  I would actually stay away during football season if there weren't enough TVs, and I particularly appreciate the one in the ladies room :-)
Only thing I might change on the menu is a larger selection of wines by the glass.Not terrible but certainly not worth going back. 
Wanted a nice meal. End of a big day at work. 
Carbonara: Too much pancetta (I know! but still!), noodles were over-cooked and soft, and some idiot decided to cut the spaghetti so you could eat it like a 5 year old. Blech. What a bummer. I love a good carbonara and this was just not that. Plus the serving was the size of a football. Gross.
Ordered a side of veggies to even out my luxe entree. Server suggested the cauliflower. I said, Is it fried? He said, "uhh pan fried." It came breaded and deep fried. Then laughed, "oh well." 
New Orleans 1, Heart Disease and Obesity 0. 
This was just a waste of calories. If it had all been delicious I wouldn't have cared. It's like eating a stale donut. What's the use?
At least the wine was good.Amicis used to be my favorite restaurant but the service here is not good. We drove an hour to come to this place and it will be the last time we do that. I've never seen so many waiters/servers/hostess on their cell phones. We've had to get up and get our own plates and silverware. Our appetizer dishes were cold when we received them. They shouldn't get a tip at all with service like this, but they will. The poor old couple beside us had a different waitress and their service was bad also. It's 5 o clock on a Saturday and it's not busy so there's absolutely no excuse. Amici's you need to step it up.I don't know why I don't think of this place more often.  Solid pizza, spacious and nice dining area, perfectly located on Magazines busier section, plus the food is pretty great. They always have a great special or happy hour pricing. You can't beat Thursdays $5 large cheese pizza with up to 4 toppings at $1 each!  Seriously delicious. Good wine selection too.My husband and I went out on a Tuesday night to try this place with our 3-year-old.  It wasn't very crowded and TVs were on but not too loud or intrusive.  The weather was gorgeous and I wish there hadn't been such a wait to sit outside or we would have done that, but still had a good experience inside. 
We split a Carni Italiane pizza and Penne alla Vodka pasta with chicken and had plenty to take home as leftovers.  It was very good and we'd definitely go back.  
I don't often do desert but had heard about the fried oreos and was curious.  They sounded both disgusting and amazing.  They come 4 on the plate and are kind of like  thick beignets/pancakes with the sweetness of the cream and cookie from the oreo in the middle but not overpowering.  They come with salted caramel gelato which is a wonderful compliment as they'd be a bit dry otherwise, but I'll probably start craving those again soon.  
Our server was very good but another definitely looked upset and was mumbling under his breath a lot.  It was fun to watch the pizzas being made behind the counter and my daughter loved when they'd toss the dough in the air.  
The owner walked around to check on us regularly but was not intrusive.  
We are glad to have another good place in the neighborhood and will definitely go back!Typos was mediocre, and the service wasn't. 
I dined on a Sunday night with a group of girl friends. 
*We ordered the bruschetta to start. It was good, but nothing special. 
*We drank a bottle of the house Pinot noir, which was delicious. 
* I ordered the vodka sauce penne. It was basic, but exactly what I was craving.
* friends ordered a pizza and said "it's a 5 out of 10"
* THE SERVICE was lacking. The restaurant was less than half full and almost empty by the end of our meal. The server seemed pushy by trying to clear our plates before we were done. He also didn't tell us until the end of the meal that they could not split our check. 
All in all, not bad, but not worth it.Wow. Great meal. Carbing up before the marathon.  Prefect spot. Cheese board is to die for.We have dined at Amici a few times. They have great Italian cuisine. Molto bene. A presto!Uhhhh,  wines good,  if you get it before 25 minutes.  I love being ignored in a city with such culinary competition.   The food is OK,  but I get a Lil turned off when the waiter checks open wounds at the table.
update : management fired the drunk waiting our table and gave us a meal on the house .
We were pleased and had a great meal.Mediocre and forgettable. Especially on Magazine where there's incredible competition. 
Came with a large-ish group for beer and pizza on a Thursday night. The first 2 beers I ordered were out (both local and one was incorrectly named in the menu) and so was a house red wine 2 ladies in our party ordered during happy hour. Pizza was good for cheap on Thursday but would I come pay full price?
Nope. 
High points for the glossy atmosphere and somewhat enthusiastic (though somewhat awkward) waitstaff.First review, goes to Amici! 
We arrived during "happy hour" which is between 3-6pm. It's half off for pizza & beer/wine. The food was delicious, we made our own pizza (marinara, mozzarella cheese, pepperonis, and black olives) the pizza was incredibly delicious as well a sour moscato! We definitely enjoyed our service. Our waiter was very friendly, prompt, and a cute-y! Lol he helped us with different choices for the wine, and even offered us a sample between Riesling and Moscato. Dessert was tempting, however we choose to opt out, hoping to get more drinks in our system. I hope you enjoy, definitely a great stop for food while in the Magazine area.Loved the fire grilled chicken wings. Hint of lemon. Perfectly charred. Didn't need any dipping sauce carmelized onions nice touch. The mussels were served in the most delicious sauce. Halved grape tomatoes and garlicky herbs. Looking forward to returning and trying the pizza. Hoping it has the same charred crispy finish.Food was good, but not fantastic.  Prices on the menu were decent.  I didn't see anything over &18.  So you can imagine the shock over getting the bill and seeing $36 for the redfish special.  It was a good piece of fish and well cooked with orzo pasta and brussel sprouts, but no price was listed on the extra sheet with specials listed.  I mean, if I was out for a great price of fish and fine dining, I would expect to pay that price, like at Commanders or somewhere like that.   But not in an upscale neighborhood pizza place.  Won't go back because I felt ripped off.A girlfriend and I went here for dinner and it's a really nice atmosphere to grab a glass of wine and have some delicious pizza. 
On Wednesdays it's half off wine bottle night and they also have a great happy hour which is from 3 to 6 PM which I would love to try out! It's half off all drinks and half off all appetizers. Will def go back!Comically bad service. I was jealous of all the other tables. Waited almost 15 minutes after being seated by the hostess and we had to flag down our waiter. I wish we had flagged down any of the other servers. The guy was a wreck. He didn't write down and so couldn't remember our entrees, getting bread took almost 20 minutes. Two glasses of water never came. They (I watched other servers do it right) shave Parmesan in paper thin strips and put it in olive oil to go with the bread but this guy just took chunks off and drowned it in oil. He dropped a ramekin of raspberry sauce intended for another patron's gelato and then just left the mess all over the floor. I had to lift my dress to step over the mess when we left. Once we got the appetizer and were no longer famished, we just sat back and enjoyed the show. Hilariously bad. But the food is fantastic and delicious. It came out hot, good level of garlic, nice sized portions, really really good. If I use NOLA Food Delivery or can get -any- other server, I'll be back.Everything is amazing! Great service, food, and beers! You can't go wrong with the veal parm, calamari, or fritters! They are under new management and have made the right changes!We had pizza with mozzarella and half ham, it was only $13. It was yummy, see picture. We also had chicken marsala, it as a nice size and delicious. See picture. It came with rice and a spin inch vegetable. It was 18 dollars.  We also had penne for 16 dollars. 
The waitress was very attentive. We chose outside seating on the sidewalk.BLUF:  Great date place.  Great service, great drinks, great apps, good pizza.
This place used to be Byblos I think but now it is much more trendy and fancy looking but not over the top.
Waitress was great and very personable.  Cocktail was out of sight.  I got a bourbon with basil and it was so dang good.  
We didnt know if a wood fired pizza was enough for 2 people so we started with the calamari. It was a ton of calamari!!!  It was almost a meal in itself and it was really great.  Light fry too so you dont feel terrible afterwards (oh to be 18 again).  
The very thin wood fire pizza was good but not crazy good (not my style of pizza).  We easily could have eaten the whole thing just the 2 of us but the calamari really filled us up.  
I would go again if the mood struck me but I would probably focus on the drinks (also good beer selection) and the apps.  I am not the hugest wood fire pizza fan so that is a me problem and not against the place.It was delicious!  We had Caprese salads and a Margarita pizza with red sauce.  YummyGreat spot on Magazine.. Meatball appetizer is unbelievable(trust me I'm an expert) I have a minor in caprese salad this one is top notch.. The chicken verde and those potatoes, man I could eat those potatoes all day long. Those fried Oreos are serious. I definitely recommend stopping here any time grab a seat at one of the tables outside, lots of foot traffic, great people watching spot.Colin was great! The pizza was delicious! The wings were hot and tasty. However, the highlight of the evening was the fried Oreos and gelato. Yummy!Excellent food, pizzas where huuuuuuuge - that's lunch sorted for tomorrow. Lovely evening ambiance. Nice spot for some great Italian food. Thanks for having us.Good Italian food. Fresh pasta. Great specialty martinis.  Awesome service. A decent wine selection. The gnocci was great. They also had bottomless mimosas when I was there.Shrimp Fra diavolo was delicious.  My husband is allergic to shellfish,beef and pork so as you can imagine finding somewhere good to eat in New Orleans is challenging.   After walking and shopping on Magazine St, this was perfect.   Oh and hubby enjoyed the pizza and Caeser salad. Re the other review regarding the noisy tv ... They are now on closed captioning so we could even have a pleasant conversationTried the Coal Fired Magherita Pizza and the Coal Fired Chicken Caesar Salad. Both were delicious. The brick interior made for a cozy environment. The waitress kept our drinks replenished. This is probably one of my fave pizza places.Expensive for a pizza joint.  Food is good, but it really isn't that good for the price.Great pizza. Once a week (I think Thursdays) they have whole pizzas for $5 dollars (dine in only). The other dishes are fantastic as well, I personally liked the gnocchi with the red sauce. Great place to bring a date or sit st the bar and watch a game. Andrew was our bartender/server at the bar and was very polite and helpful with menu and drink suggestions. The other time we went the waitress (I believe her name was Megan) was also fantastic.Italian restaurants are hard to find in New Orleans so we were excited about trying out Amici. I just say it was a very enjoyable dinner. The service was very fast and personable. Atmosphere is chic and beautiful. I had salmon and it was some of the best I've ever had. Overall we will for sure go back.Oh man.
Amici, you used to be so good! I hadn't been in a few years, so Joe and I swung by last night. The menu was a lot bigger and there was chicken piccata, so I was stoked. Unfortunately, that's where it ended. 
The chicken piccata was so, so bad. There wasnt any flavor, and the sauce was.... cream based? That's not a piccata. The pasta was way overdone and the spinach made no sense (in addition to being totally flavorless).
Joe's broccoli rabe was, in his own words, the worst thing he's eaten in New Orleans. The rabe was bitter, there were huge chunks of uncooked garlic, and the pasta was overdone. 
Guess I'm not going back...Well, as a first time experience here I would say this isn't a great start. Service was questionable though he was the only server for three table. Refills came after the check was dropped. Chopped Salad, though described very nicely on Yelp and on their menu- sounds great, just kind of lacking more than a run of the mill sad pizzeria salad. Side of pasta. Well I'm not sure if this is a training issue or just that way they do this but I spent $12 on pasta marinara though that isn't what I ordered. Just a little shocked when a meal with a value of than $20 came out with a $22 ticket... Kind of let down. Can't say I'll be recommending this place or going back anytime soon.So today was the first time I had their new lunch menu!! Wow!! It was exactly what I was craving!! I order pizza to go often but nothing is better than dinning in.. The service was pretty good.. We had the eggplant/portobello panini, Italian sausage panini, and split the chop salad.  The food portions where very large and the carne Italian pizza was fresh out the oven.. Best pizza in town by far. The outside seating is perfect for a beautiful day and the fresh margarita definitely hit the spot!Probably some of the worst service I've had in a long time and according to other reviews I've read, most people are saying the same thing. I literally had to flag my waiter down the entire evening and I'm not a "needy" customer whatsoever. Train your waiters PLEAAASEE. As far as the food goes,
-Postive: Delicious pizza. Four out of five stars in my book. Taking a bite of that greatness ALMOST made me forget how sucky the service was. Mussels were pretty darn good as well. Aside from the cramped tables, the atmosphere of the place is cool.
-Negative: Calamari is terrible. Everyone at the table agreed how awful it was. Lacks seasoning and tastes like old olive oil if you can imagine that. Crab bisque was pretty bad as well. I don't know if they were having an off night or what...
Overall I would come back...only if I was picking up a pizza TO GO. Not interested in returning anytime soon...Meh. We went on Christmas Eve.  My son did enjoy his spaghetti and meatballs (not a kids menu item), and my husband's Burrata & Prosciutto salad was enjoyable as well.  My beet salad was good until you took a bite of the gorgonzola.  Way too strong and overpowering.
And our pizza, a simple margherita.  First, there was no way to tell that it was made in a coal oven as it was flavorless.  It was chewy, flat, and bland.
For dessert we ordered a dish of vanilla gelato that arrived half melted and fried Oreos with a scoop of salted caramel gelato.  The fried Oreos were enjoyed by my teenage son, as expected.  The salted caramel gelato was also good.Delicious pizza! 
Nice atmosphere, but can get kinda loud. Very nice decor and a beautiful ceiling. 
Our waiter, Brian was wonderful, kind and attentive.Great location! Very pretty decor, and the wait staff were very nice and accommodating. The pizza I would give 3 out of 5. Not. Big fan of the sauce and toppings were kind of minimal.  Coal fired crust is very good though and I enjoy a good crust!Went here for my birthday. Food was amazing. Had steak.filet was excellent along with the truffle mac n cheese. a cheese board for appetizers. great service tooWent here tonight for the first time with some friends and other than a muffuletta in the french market this is by far the best food I've had in Nola! It's a far cry from your average pizza joint! The wait or was great and very knowledgable  We all had pizza which was wonderful and luckily I saved room for desert!!! Fried Oreos with gelato was insane. The gelato was a mocha caramel coffee flavor and the Oreos batter was like a funnel cake with the powdered sugar sprinkled on top. Omg it sounds like a food from the fair but they made it look really good. And I assumed with all that going on it would be too sweet but it was perfection on a plate! And I'm not a big sweet eater. I highly recommend this restaurant!Visiting NOLA for the first time we did not plan on stopping anywhere for pizza of all things in this city, but it was Sunday afternoon and Atchyafala was closed. We had the carni? (all meat) pizza. Not the best I've ever had, but we were not disappointed.  Good drink specials and all around beautiful place with a few tables outside on the street.The acoustics are horrid. You can barely hear yourself think. As well, you cannot hear the people you are conversing with. Nearly every beer on the BEER list is not available. You need to order your drinks If you want such ASAP. Who knows when they come...you might grow a beard by then. The food is adequate. Cocktails are worth the few dollars more, because the beers are pretty expensive (the ones they have). So...enter at your own risk y'all.Went to Amici on spur of the moment while in the area.  My friend and I wish we had never found Amici due to the terrible experience.  I typically don't say anything if not good, but Amici warrants an exception to this rule.   The space at Amici is well designed and they have a decent beer and wine selection (that is the one star).  These features had us being optimistic and excited for a fun dinner.  Unfortunately, we ordered roasted chicken and a margarita pizza, which is when the real disappointment began.  The service was very slow even on a fairly quiet Sunday evening and no explanation was offered.  The roasted chicken came out with different seasoning than was ordered and was not roasted chicken at all!  It was  pieces of chicken with a thick fried coating and soaking in a pool of oil with potatoes and an odd salsa verde.  Absolutely terrible!  Tough to eat, bad taste and visual was horrible.  The margarita pizza was also a big let down.  This standard pizza is our go to at a new place.  The crust was burned, cheese and oil on the pizza dominated, there was almost no tomato and the flavor was just bland!  There was so much oil that the pizza was soggy in areas.  We did not waste our time or calories on doing more than trying either item.  We actually decided it was best to leave and start over.  Never have done that before.  The bar tender was a nice guy and gave us beer for the road.   Amici is a bad representative of new Italian style restaurants.The food and the service was good, but when my check came, entree that was $12 on the menu was $19 on the bill. Not a very good first impression. Doubt I will be going back.The food is great- I've enjoyed their chicken Parmesan and a few pizzas (the cauliflower pizza is sooo good!), but service seems to be a little slow and I recently felt completely forgotten about when I sat outside. Our drinks were never refilled (or asked about) and we were only checked in on once when the waiter happened to be wiping down a table or row nearby.Out of all the choices of restaurants in New Orleans, do not pick this one. On the day we came the pizza oven was broken. We were not told about this until after we had ordered our drinks. The food is over priced and mediocre. The service was slow. In anywhere USA the restaurant would suffice. For New Orleans, go somewhere else.The pizza is delicious and their happy hour is hefty and truly a good deal: half off pizzas and half off the entire bar except bottles of wine from 3-6 PM. A friend and I decided to stop and try out Amici after doing some shopping on Magazine. I would've been very disappointed in our experience if I would've went out of my way to dine there, but since it was spur of the moment, no harm no foul.
The restaurant was nearly empty at a 5 PM on a Monday. We were greeted and sat at a table... and waited and waited... nearly everybody who worked there was doing their best to avoid acknowledging us in the corner. It was like nobody knew who our server WAS, but they knew who it wasn't (themselves) and continued on with their sidework. 
The hostess gave us food menus only and the waitress brought us the drink menus upon her arrival. The drink menu didn't mention was exactly the happy hour was, and the waitress didn't tell us before she walked away, my friend ordered a beer they didn't have, which also took too long for her to inform us. I might sound like I'm being picky but it really was slow slow slow and I'm not normally high maintenance. 
The pizza was delicious though. I ordered the four cheese and my friend ordered the meat-heavy pizza. They were thin and crispy, but still doughy and fresh. I was more than happy to stuff my face with a few slices and still have more than half for leftovers.
Our bill was $26 for two pizzas, a beer and a glass of wine. Very inexpensive considering the location and the quality of food. But there are plenty of other restaurants on Magazine that welcome business with friendly smiles and fast service that Amici is not going to be a future go-to for me.What a great place to hang with friends eat & drink
Amazing white clam pizza & coal fried Italian style chicken wingsThe food is good here just so disappointed that the daily happy hour has gone away. Used to always look forward to this on the weekends. Especially bringing a big group in after saints games.
Guess I will be looking for a new pizza place!Except pizzas, nothing deserves to try. Mussels not fresh and smell stinky. Noodle with 6 stinky mussels and 3 shrimps sells for $24 and a waiter recommended to me and said it is the best seafood here. Nasty.Went with friends. Place looked classy but we were wrong. The bar side was loud and obvious so much it ruined our experience: Food is also mediocre and bland for the price. Wouldn't return.Ate here twice already! I am not a huge puzza fan, but this place has pizzas, pastas, salads, and a bunch of other items! They have probably one of the best happy hours out there- 5.00 drinks, 1/2 off some apps and pizzas. I really like the atmosphere and the service has been great both times that I have gone! You can sit outside on Magazine or inside. I highly recommend this restaurant!My daughter and I stopped here for a late lunch after hours shopping. Ambiance was so so... Food ok. We had calamari and the cauliflower pizza. Good service would have made this place ok but it was incredibly slow and the staff were too busy chatting it up to give customers attention. Our server was swamped setting up for dinner. We were an after thought to her and she was not knowledgeable of the menu. Disappointing.Amici has a really cool environment and I really appreciate the nice people and good vibes. However it is definitely for those people who like strange combinations of ingredients on their pizzas. But if you aren't down to be super adventurous they also have a range of pastas that are delicious.Wow what a nice place! We went for the first time during happy hour and I tell ya, that's the way to go! 7 days a week, pizza and drinks are half off (not wine). We got the shrimp pizza and the Carni all meats pizza. Those meatballs were amaze balls. The coal fired pizza was good (I had never had one before) I just wish the crust was a lil stiffer. It was more like a NY pizza but taste is very good. The ambiance was dark lighting and dark furniture, love the big red door when you walk in, it's larger than I expected too. There is also outdoor seating if you are feeling more casual. You get unlimited bread with a yummy oil/shredded cheese plate to dip it in. I ordered a bloody mary at half off and wow! It came with basically a sandwich on a stick inside my glass! We also ordered the lemon martini - so strong and so good! The fried oreos for dessert are a must! The gelato that came with the fried oreos was so smooth and had such a good creamy flavor. I just wish the oreos were a lil crunchier; it was basically wrapped in a beneigh, which was awesome, just missing a crunch. Overall, I love this place and I think it's one of the best Happy Hours in the city. Our waitress was one of the best; I wish I remembered her name. She's a very pretty blond but not from here (I don't think) because she said CAR-MEL instead of CAR-A-MEL when describing the gelato :) I will be back!!Went to Amici for lunch on a Sunday. We had the lobster ravioli appetizer and cauliflower pizza (added prosciutto). The ravioli was delicious. The cauliflower pizza was okay, but nothing to write home about. (I prefer Domenica's flatbread pizza for my fix).  We then had the fried Oreos for dessert - which made me feel more gluttonous than satisfied. I guess I asked for it, but who could resist? Service was good and food came out pretty quick.First time here. I like the food. Our waitress is on her 4th day here and I will be surprised if she makes it to her 5th. If this is an indication of their service I am never coming back.We love this place for happy hour in particular. Drinks and pizza for half off. The service is also really great. Payton is our favorite waitress!A love letter, by Alyssa J.
Dear Amici,
On a balmy Thursday night in April, I cozied up on your front terrace (read sidewalk) and settled up for what I hoped would be some good conversation and hopefully good pizza.
You surprised me with a delicious mussel appetizer, with so much garlic my breath could kill a vampire a mile away.
Then, mi amor, you gave me Liz. Liz is a phenomenal waitress, with a great sense of humor and a great spirit in general. When my friend tossed a random adjective to describe a wine....flavor, she went to the back and brought out something great.
Lastly, my beautiful Italian love, you gave me pizza. While I am a floppy, greasy, fold in half, NYC pizza girl, this Margharita pizza was so beautiful and delicious.....meow.
Thank you for everything.
I love you.
Seriously though. This place was great. Just watch out for the bathroom signs. They can be tricky.
AlyssaBrought a large group for dinner last week.  Several had raved about Sunday brunch earlier, and wanted to do group dinner.  Was an ok experience.  Waiter (Brian) was a nice guy and appropriately attentive.  This was a case of the service definitely making up for the food rating.  Most in the group seemed satisfied, but I take my Italian food seriously.  Started with the bruschetta.  It had a pesto treatment which was tasty but the bread was not toasted or done so too lightly, so all in all was too mushy and didn't support the goods.  The penne ala vodka was very uninspired.  Mario Batali sauce from a jar uninspired - but at least it wasn't Prego.  Several of us split a Margherita pizza.  Not bad pizza, but not traditional thin crust fresh mozz type that I expected.  Full cheese coverage, good sauce, more NY pizza style crust than traditional Italian style.  Not bad just not as expected.  Luckily others in my group had better experiences this outing and raved about their brunch.  I just chalk it up to just poor luck of the menu draw.  Nice comfortable place, casual environment, friendly attentive staff.Recently stopped for lunch based on a referral and was very impressed with the quality of food and service.   The restaurant is in a great location on Magazine with complimentary parking for its patrons which is amazing if you're familiar with this area.  I will definitely be back for lunch and dinner as well.  Thank you Donnie Silva for suggesting this restaurant and I will visit the other restaurants you had mentioned.  You are one of the Great Ambassadors of our city!This place has a relaxed atmosphere and nice wine list 
All of which are half off during the daily happy hour 
Staff is friendly and smiles a lot and will suggest yummy apps and tasty pizza 
I will definitely be back and enjoy some more wine and pizza 
The burratta salad is truly deliciousWe ended up here because the in-laws didn't want our usual New Orleans haunts- Pizza Delicious or the Rum House.
We ordered the pizzas and the mother in law ordered a chicken dis as she does not like pizza. About 10 minutes after ordering, the waitress came out and told her she could not have that dish and that dish was why we ended up there. So she had some of her husband's pizza as there was now nothing on the menu she wanted.
The atmosphere- Was GREAT! Beautiful inside, good service, soft lighting, very well done indeed!
The Food- Passable. It was not awful, it was fine. They served bread with olive oil at the beginning of the meal and that was good. The pizzas (we had 3) were all fine. Really a pizza is enough for 2 people as we each ate 1/2 of our pizzas. 
My partner had a spicy shrimp pizza and it was too spicy for him (who likes spice) and for me as well. Were it a little less spicy, it would have been pretty good.
I ordered a spinach artichoke pizza and it was fine. Nothing good, nothing bad about it. It just was simply not memorable.
The other pizza was a ham and mushroom pizza and looked the same as ours with different toppings. Nobody was blown away and the pricing was high for the meh food.
We would not go back here, although I will again say that inside the decor was lovely and I did enjoy that. If you want the best pizza in New Orleans and possibly the south, head over to Pizza Delicious in the Bywater. Seriously.Mixed bag of highs and lows here. Ceaser salad-very good (5). Meatball-Ricotta appetizer-also muy bueno (4). Pizza-above average-not great though (hot and crisp but completely lacking sauce) (3). Here's where the wheels came off-Chicken Marsala-flavorless without even a hint of Marsala (1)-if you're going to serve if like that call it "airline chicken." Seen couple upper end Nola establishments pass off plain chicken as "airline chicken." Ending on a positive note-atmosphere and service were both 4-starish.Chris the bartender is so awesome! He was so sweet and treated us great on my birthday! So glad we stopped in!I'm a fan. We went the Friday after they opened and enjoyed the food.  Cheese plate was pretty standard- came with a few different cheeses, meats, grapes, etc. Kind of hard to screw that up.  Carni Italiane pizza was also good. They have a great selection of pizza- not the normal toppings you normally see. I want to try the clam or cauliflower next.  Fried Oreos were as rich as you would imagine.  Tasted like a gooey oreo stuffed inside a beignet. Service was great, almost to the point of the waitress hovering, but I would rather that than having to chase my server down. 
I know this sounds odd, but check the bathrooms out.  I thought the  newspapers on the walls were pretty cool.Just let me start by saying that I had the best chicken I have ever eaten here, braised in garlic and spices and so moist. My meal was fabulous and inexpensive. I was out for a Po'Boy when my wife strong-armed me into Amici, and boy am I glad she did, what a treat! Service was efficient and friendly, the wine and beer list, extensive. Get down here for some great food!This place is horrible. I will never be back. I can't believe I paid the "included tip" so that our waitress could screw us by not even doing the part of her job that was running credit cards. "Oh I'm sorry are 3 credit cards too difficult to understand?!?"I had read the other reviews for Amici and was hesitant to try it out. To be fair, I rarely order pasta entrees, and probably wouldn't have done so here. But my mom and I shared the cauliflower pizza and it was fantastic. The dough is crispy on the outside but still soft and doughy--it almost reminded me of naan. The cauliflower flavor was not lost, and it had a nice (and not too heavy) drizzle of olive oil topping. Also, the pizza was only $15...not bad for a 12" pie. We also got a decent bottle of Chianti for $43, although I would appreciate a larger wine selection at an Italian restaurant. Decor was a little much for me. The service was great, though.We were looking for something to eat late Saturday night but was limited to the amount of restaurants opened past 11 pm.  It was between Kenton or Amici, but unfortunately my friend was craving pasta. She came in around 9:45 and no one acknowledged her which should of been the first sign how service will be the rest of the night. We ordered our drinks and apps which came out fairly quickly. After ordering our meals, we sat there for 20 minutes to be told that they were out of one of the entrees. Okkkkkk, it took 20 minutes to tell us that? Then when our entrees came out, our pizza was burnt! Since I was starving, I  turned a blind eye and cut the burnt parts off. Besides the burnt pizza, everything else we ate was fine. At 11:10, we asked if we can order desserts. She told us that the kitchen was closed and most of the kitchen employees had left. Hmmm....no one does last call anymore?!? Then she asked if she can pack my  burnt pizza up to go. Oh, so you mean to tell me that its ok that you made us wait all this time for our food, but you want to rush us out the door when the meal finally came. Uhh I dont think so! Even though we were done, I wanted to make her wait until I'm ready to go. But jokes on me...she never came back. We had to ask the bartender for our check, who responded "Are you sitting at that table?" Well lets see. If the bar is filled with employees and there is only one table in the main dining room with a group of five sitting, I wonder if thats the table waiting for the check!?!?!? Also, the trip to bathroom had some questionable white powder in the stall. It was definitely not flour.  Maybe if the person who took a hit should of shared it with the staff, it would of speed up their pace and we would of been out of there before the restaurant closed. 
Note to the owner: employees talking on cell phones while cleaning up is never and will never be professional even if you are closed!So we used to frequent this restaurant at least twice a month for the Thursday special. However, they have now changed their policies and the experience was terrible. They won't split checks more than 4 ways and Sara paid no attention to our table of 10 but our 18% gratuity was taken regardless, even after we had discussed with the manager and the owner how dissatisfied we were. We will not be returning or recommend the place again.Walked in during happy hour on a whim, tired and needing some carbs! 
The waitress/hostess with dread locks greeted us warmly and showed us to our table right away. She also checked in during our meal even while she was taking care of other guests. 
Our server Liz came right over and took great care of us all night. Prompt, professional, kind service. 
We ordered the roasted cauliflower pizza which was solid, the crust was thin but chewy and crispy around the edges. The cheese was plentiful and the cauliflower was melt in your mouth good.  Also had a side of the pasta aglio olio, which was fresh, simple, and garlicky. Exactly what I needed after a week of eating fried and super rich southern food. 
PLUS: the pizza was half off during happy hour! Shwinggg. 
Thanks y'all, y'all really turned my day around with the simplest steps of service and genuine character. Really appreciated the hospitality. 
This place is also gorgeous on the inside.What amazing service from our waiter Byron.Thank you!!! 
He recognized I was trying to eat "clean" (as best I could eating out, right?) and stay away from flour and pastas and when I mistakenly ordered a breaded chicken dish he had the chef reprepare my dinner before it even came to the table. I failed to look after myself when ordering and he took care of me.  Very happy low carber. Delicious dinner. Thanks again.Very nice atmosphere, fantastic service and delicious food!Tonight I had my first experience with burrata cheese and I am a huge fan.  It's texture is somewhere in between cottage cheese and cream cheese, so needless to say I'm a fan.  Putting this in a antipasti is genius. The fig infused sauce they use on this dish is light sweet and and unique. Add prosciutto to the equation with flatbread for the perfect combo of veggies protein and carbs. I also had the salt carmen gelatto with a cannoli which was also awesome.  This was the first cannoli I've had since leaving new york.  And although it's not the quality of a new York cannoli  (similar to pizza) it was very good and different to what I am accustomed to.  Overall I am a big fan of this place, I will be back!  As promised I have been back, the meatballs here are some of the best in the city.  And the veal and chicken parmigana are both phenomenal. When I look for a quality restaurant, I look for service, quality food and a awesome place to take it all in. Amici has it all, I continue to be a huge fan!Best. Pizza. Ever.....and I live in NYC. My "Create-Your-Own" pizza with pepperoni, spinach, and onion was cooked to perfection! Our server was also very nice and attentive. They have an excellent wine selection as well. Highly recommended!I love Magazine street and all that encompasses it. I often frequent the block that Amici is in, dodging back and forth from Salu to Basin to Amici...
Where should I begin? On a gorgeous day, one should always opt for a sidewalk view. The tables lined up on Magazine street add to the ambiance of the meal, by giving you first hand entertainment and a bird's eye view of Magazine's pedestrians. 
Start with the coal fried wings. They are perfectly cooked with a lemon twang that is to die for! The meatball appetizer is also a great one....freshly rolled meatballs and marinara with croutons...how could you pass that up? 
If you are a pizza lover, the coal fired pizza will call your name! There's a variety of toppings where you can build your own pizza, or you can select from the menu one of the perfect pairings already listed. 
If you are a pasta lover- look no further! Everything from the traditional meatballs and spaghetti to lasagna....Amici has you covered! 
There's happy hour from 4-6p during the week. Side note...I really don't understand those "happy hours" especially since most folks don't get off of work until 5:30...but I digress. During brunch there's generally drink specials that include bottomless Amoci Sparklers and/or bottomless bloody Mary's. Speaking of bloody Mary's, these are soooo filling! Infused bosh to start, with the perfect "tang"'added to the tomato juice mixture and finished off with pepperoni, green beans, pickled onions and cheese...YUM!!! It's a meal in and of itself! 
The bar on the inside has just about every top shelf bottle you could possibly think of, and they boast a great wine list. 
This is one Magazine street staple you won't be disappointed with.I like that this place is walking distance to me. The food is very good and so is the service. Their eggplant dish was amazing. Have to order the fries!pizzas are on point.I used to either eat at or order from Amici at least once a week, but it is safe to say that I will not ever go here again and do not recommend it to anyone who enjoys being respected and accommodated when they try to go out to a nice dinner. My friends and I came here after finals and were met with extremely slow service (we were there for a total of over 2 and a half hours), small portions for high prices, and a lack of respect from our own waiter and the OWNER of the restaurant itself. We were wrongly charged on the check, which they refused to split for the 6 people in our party due to a new rule we were not informed about at the beginning of the meal. When we tried to literally pay for our meals and leave, it took an extremely long time for them to even come and talk to us. When the owner could be bothered to stop watching the women's softball game on TV to come speak to us, he we condescending, rude, and nasty and even told us, "I used to be like you. I had no money." It took an extra half an hour to figure out the money situation and we were ignored and insulted throughout the whole process. I wish I could recommend this restaurant because it truly was one of my favorites in the city, but that was hands-down the worst restaurant experience I have ever had. DO NOT GO HERE.Very cute restaurant but can be a little pricey given the portion sizes and service can be slow. I would probably come back for happy hour though.
Service 3/5
Ambience 4/5
Lobster ravioli 3/5
Amalfi pasta 4/5- shrimp seemed like they had been frozen but the mussels were fresh and the sauce was delicious. I even asked for a side of bread to soak up some of the pasta sauce.Terrible waiting service! Added a gratitude fee for our group and then they wouldn't allow us to add separate checks.Stopped in here the other night for a bite to eat and I was very disappointed in the pizza. We ordered the supreme meat pizza and it came with all of the different meat choices. The pizza tasted a little on the burnt side and the meats and cheese was so greasy that it stained my pants and shoes when I tried to eat it. The meats did have good flavor though that was the only good thing about the experience. At $20 a pie for a not so special pizza that only gave two people three slices a piece I dont know if I will be back if I do it will be for the half off happy hour.Gross little modern pizzeria with a shiny interior and a very unwelcoming, faux-fancy chain restaurant style. Shocking that it is an original singular location. 
My Caesar salad was standard and unexciting. The bread before the meal was a single meager roll that is texturally like white sandwich bread. 
I ordered the mussels, which was a huge mistake. The sauce was corn starchy and overly acidic, and heavy with a sour garlic flavor. My first few mussels tasted fairly disappointing but not awful, just a bit over cooked and flavored with the aforementioned sauce. Then I bit one with the most potent ammonia flavor I've ever had, a horrifyingly rancid taste. 
We also got an eggplant pizza, but the eggplant was fried prior to going on the pizza and had been sliced like a millimeter thick. There was no distinguishable flavor to any ingredient on the pizza, just chewy dry eggplant and bland pizza. Our waiter was incredibly receptive to our problems and our service was thorough and sincere. Unfortunately that doesn't make up for the food.I wasn't expecting a whole lot, to be honest, I figured it would be roughly on par with the rest of the restaurants in this little strip of Magazine, and I was right. It's moderately priced food that's convenient to where I live and shop, so for that reason alone I might stop back in, but probably just for drinks. Though maybe not, because the glasses of wine I ordered both took about 7 or 8 minutes to get to the table, which is a little crazy considering the place was pretty empty. There were definitely enough servers to handle the few tables they had though- I know this because I kept bumping into them in the narrow passages between tables.
I had a hunch that the portions would be big (I was right) so I just got the spaghetti and meatball entree, which came with highly recommended meatballs, which if I remember correctly were an 80/20 blend of beef and pork. While impressive in size the dish didn't deliver in the flavor department. The meatballs were under seasoned, and the sauce seemed like an afterthought, which is a shame. The noodles were cooked well however, which is not always an easy thing to do. I did take it home and give it the "left over" treatment the next day (throw it in a saute pan with some butter over high heat with salt and pepper, then fry it until some noodles start to get crispy, and melt in whatever cheese you might have) so it was pretty good for lunch. The server we had seemed a little stressed and busy, but they're new, I can't fault him for that. He was really nice though, and was able to answer any question my husband and I asked without hesitation.I wasn't totally impressed with this place. The food was ok but I want to give it a second chance. We went with a very large group and the restaurant didn't seem prepared for that even with reservations. The waitress we had could've been a little nicer too. But with all that being said I definitely would like to try it with just me and my husband. I've heard very good things so I won't x this place out completely. When I go back I will review it again.This place is amazing. The best pizza around, but it does not compare to the awesomeness in the form of "Erica". She is so vibrant and here energy level is out of the roof. She made it a point to explain the specials to us and was very attentive. She is the best...Kinda terrible. Super super slow service albeit really friendly. Check out these weird wings with caramelized onion slop on top. We also got two pizzas - the eggplant and sausage- fleh. Bye Felicia.The pizza is the way to go here, mussels are awesome... The lobster n crab meat ravioli is also very good! There Alfredo is a little different but in a good way. Stay away from there gnocchi it is mushy and seems store bought... For the price it should be better.Ordered the broccoli rabe pizza and wings. Delicious! I am a native New Yorker and haven't been able to find good pizza since I've moved here. Let me explain- I've found good pizza but the crust hasn't been good. This place has the perfect Alice, good distribution of toppings and a good crust! So happy I've found this place. Also got the fried Oreos which brought me back to being a kid at the jersey shoreAmici has had 17 critical health code violations in 2016 (per nola.com). I wish I would have know this before I spent my birthday dinner there. Food what not good at all, and to top it off, there was a dead roach under my seat. Once I saw the roach, I was hoping to get the attention of my waiter so she could clean it up, but she was no where to be found. I had to go to the bar and tell he bartenders. GROSS. Don't waste your time. They just got new owners maybe two months ago? Thought the place would have gotten better, but clearly notHappy hour is great! 1/2 off alcoholic beverages and pizza. Mussels are amazing, pizza is phenomenal (eggplant was just delightful). But all that aside our server, Theda, was the best. Attentive, sweet, great recommendations on what to eat and awesome service! She has a winning personality and is the best server we've had in New Orleans thus far.I had high hopes.
The lack of great Italian food Uptown is sadly remiss.
The menu, also seemed promising, but I had to leave.
The NOISE !  I couldn't believe the din.
I counted SIX HUGE TELEVSIONS!  
I can't speak for all, however, I don't dine in front of a television. 
I prefer to hear the people with whom I'm dining speaking, to relax, to order several courses, to enjoy the ambiance. All impossible at Amici.
SIX TELEVISIONS ! One cannot even escape the HGTV glare and motion they produce.
If you can't exist without the banal chatter of network television or the glow of television screens across your dinner companions head, you have a new place to enjoy pizza.
I fear the owners weren't the sort who were raised at a proper table. Much like LPK, they ruined their restaurant with television.
Sadly I drove across town to dine, for my relaxed, taste of authentic Italy. 
BTW: The website mentions their Italian grandmother, I lived in Italy for some time, Italians would be appalled at televisions blaring over the 
dinner table.Awesome restaurant! They did a great job with the renovation. The menu has great Italian favorites and wonderful coal fired pizza! It is seriously some of the best pizza in Nola. There are also really good deals, like 1/2 off bottles of wine on Wednesday's and $5 pizzas on Thursday's!! Also it is in a great location on Magazine! Definitely recommend trying it out.While certainly pricey, the food was really good. They were really busy on a Friday lunch, but sitting at the bar, my service was quick and friendly. After letting me try a few beers, I settled on one I haven't tried before. Then the food came. It was exactly what was needed. The crust was crisp and tasty and the sauce even more so. I had the carne italiane pizza and the sliced meatballs on top was a great addition to the normal boring meats pizza.  All in all, a pleasant experience.The service was very high end with two attentive waiters checking on us, but not so much that it was annoying. The atmosphere has changed little from when it was Byblos, maybe slightly different lighting?
I tried two of the pizzas and split a Caesar salad (which was definitely large enough to do without either of us grumbling). Bread appears on the table but ours seemed skimpy for the size of the basket. (I know it's minor but you get this nice big bread basket and you think you can pig out...and, yeah, it's 1/2 a small loaf of delicious bread, which just makes you want more.)
The Caesar was tasty as were the pizzas, roasted cauliflower and the spinach alfredo. Both were really good. And I had a couple cocktails that were watermelon based; the first was delicious, but the second was more slapdash...definitely not made with love. Oh well.
I guess I'm leaning towards a 3.5 rating. I feel like it's a little pricey but the quality is there. Probably good if you're on a date and want something a bit more upscale.This place is terrible. I have been multiple times hoping that it will redeem itself, but have consistently been disappointed. The last time I went, the pizza was so greasy it was a soggy, floppy mess and I actually got sick from eating it. It doesn't even make for good next day cold pizza!
They can give them away for $5 during happy hour because they are otherwise about $15-20 a pie.....it should be way better quality for that price, but it's not. And the other items on the menu that I've tried are not worth the price either. I have yet to try anything above decent/tolerable from here.Ate at Amici for the first time the other night.  We got there pretty late on a Friday and were seated quickly.  My friend loves to chat with anyone and everyone so he quickly struck up a conversation with the waitress and by the end of the night we knew her whole life story.  She handled his chattiness very well and was friendly.
The food was pretty good.  I got the Pasta Amalfi which was decent other than the mussels not being very good.
The only issue we ran into was that my chatty friend asked her to recommend a beer.  He liked the first beer that she suggested so he trusted her again on the second choice.  The second beer she brought him was some kind of mixture of Framboise with a local wheat beer.  He took one sip and told her that the hated it.  She said that she could tell from the color that the bartender had made it incorrectly and that she would get him another beer.  She said she was going to throw the beer out and asked if I wanted it.  I had tasted it and didn't think it was too horrible and said that if she was just going to throw it out that I would drink it.
At the end of the meal, we got an $11 charge for that beer.  We asked her about it and she said that because I drank it that she charged us.  I can see both sided of the coin on this one but I was surprised to see that after all that we had ordered and spent on the dinner that she wouldn't offer to remove the "bad beer" from the tab,
I asked a friend who owns a restaurant in New Orleans what he thought and he said that he would have kept it on the tab until someone asked then would have immediately removed.
Anyway, it was a pretty good restaurant and I will be back.  Next time I will try the pizza but I definitely won't offer to finish any "throw-away" beers.We were hankering for Italian on our last trip to NOLA, and Amici was the closest spot we could find (thank you, Yelp!).
I'm somewhere between three and four stars. The service was excellent and the locale was really nice. The food was good (we both ordered pasta dishes), but it didn't blow me away. I would liked to have seen a bit more cajun influence to zest up the pasta a bit. But, all in all, an entirely enjoyable Italian meal and a restaurant we'd go back to without hesitation.Just had the worst experience at this establishment. We were a party of four who walked in at 9:00 on a Friday night. We were promptly seated. There were only three tables seated in the restaurant. After 10 minutes, our waiter hadn't even been by to take our drink order or drop off water. There was a good amount of staff there at the time. After we walked out without being served, one of the wait staff had the audacity to tell us "bye, thanks" on our way out of the door. Completely unacceptable service.I used to eat in this location frequently when it was Byblos and they have certainly made some cosmetic changes to the interior.  It is MUCH darker inside to the degree that I would say its too dark and they could definitely turn up the lighting.  The pizza wasn't great and wasn't bad but I probably wouldn't ever get it again as there are just better choices I like much better like Theo's.  The size of the pizza is perfect for two people to share but they definitely don't load you up with ingredients.  The lasagna here is just really embarrassing as they just put one slice of cheese on the top of the stacked noodles and meat and obviously just reheat it.  It wasn't the worst lasagna I've ever had but it definitely isn't worth more than about $3 and definitely not worth what I paid for it which came out to $21.80 with an iced tea and tip.  I think I can get better pizza and pasta from the grocery deli so I probably won't be back to eat in this joint but maybe I will drink in here.Cauliflower pizza freaking awesome! 
Bloody Mary- the big one with a sandwich.  So tasty! Happy hours here are always nice.  Very cool Environment for you to chill. Have had the chicken wings.  I give them a 3.5. Their salads are pretty darn good. The eggplant had just a little too much cheese but overall super tasty!The tour guide on our "hop on hop off" bus recommended trying this place. We were blown away by how yummy it was. They had a Thursday $5 pizza special, we ordered the mussel appetizer, carni Italian pizza, and dipping sauce trio. The dipping sauces were outstanding. The pizza was great too, perfect size for sharing. The service was great, very friendly.This restaurant is delicious and the staff is wonderful. We had the Arancini appetizer, and the colognes and gnocchi with vodka sauce for dinner. Our server Will was fantastic and made sure our water glasses were always filled. Fried Oreos and gelato for dessert. Will definitely come back as would definitely recommend.This place seems like it should be nice, but it's actually really not. Many of the menu items have meat on/in them, which is not immediately obvious, because the vocabulary used on the menu is not clear, and nothing is marked as being vegetarian. While we were trying to avoid meat this evening, everything we ordered had meat in it. 
My companion just went with it, since he's not a vegetarian, but the "Italian sausage" on his Broccoli Rabe pizza had a weird taste that prevented him from enjoying the meal. The truffle fries were also over-salted, leaving both of us with that greasy, too-fried feeling in our respective mouths. We also ordered them as an appetizer, but they came out after the pizza, at the same time as my salad. Not exactly well timed.
After returning the Chopped salad upon finding it had meat in it, our very accommodating and polite waitress brought me a meatless one. But it didn't do anything to improve the taste or texture of the salad, which was, on the whole, disappointing. There was no real flavor to their house made vinaigrette, and the salad was far smaller than I expected for such a price. I didn't even like it enough to finish it. 
I will say that the bread which preceded our meal was absolutely delicious, and our waitress was incredibly nice, considering all of our misreadings of the menu and frustrations.
Nevertheless, we will not be back.I have been to Amici twice now and both times have been wonderful! For an appetizer we got the caprese salad which was so incredibly fresh and delicious that we devoured it. The pizza was excellent and they have some great variety in toppings, you can even build your own. The entrees are wonderful as well, my last visit I had the penne alla vodka which was amazing and just the perfect serving size. They also have a great deal on Wednesdays where you can get half off a bottle of wine!
The atmosphere is warm and cozy and the bar is very cool. I highly reccomend going here!
Hard to find a good quality Italian place in the South , but this is definitely one of them!I would stick to the pizza. What went by looked pretty good. I had the chicken Marsala and it was similar to a Lean Cuisine frozen dish. Calamari salad was better.The food was fabulous and the service was even better! The room is renovated from the previous Byblos, and it's quite beautiful!  My group had pizza (wonderful) meatballs (delicious) Chicken Parmesan (really good) and a cheese plate! Everything was yummy and filling! 
I will definitely visit here again!Update: 
After a professional and personal apology from the management, I went back for a positively delicious meal without any of the previously mentioned tomfoolery. They made sure to make things right and I will definitely be back again. 
Previous review:
Comically bad service. I was jealous of all the other tables. Waited almost 15 minutes after being seated by the hostess and we had to flag down our waiter. I wish we had flagged down any of the other servers. The guy was a wreck. He didn't write down and so couldn't remember our entrees, getting bread took almost 20 minutes. Two glasses of water never came. They (I watched other servers do it right) shave Parmesan in paper thin strips and put it in olive oil to go with the bread but this guy just took chunks off and drowned it in oil. He dropped a ramekin of raspberry sauce intended for another patron's gelato and then just left the mess all over the floor. I had to lift my dress to step over the mess when we left. Once we got the appetizer and were no longer famished, we just sat back and enjoyed the show. Hilariously bad. But the food is fantastic and delicious. It came out hot, good level of garlic, nice sized portions, really really good. If I use NOLA Food Delivery or can get -any- other server, I'll be back.If I could give 0 stars I would. I have been to this restaurant multiple times in the past, I live around the corner and this was my go-to Italian restaurant prior to tonight. After tonight, I WILL NEVER ENTER THIS RESTAURANT AGAIN. I have been a server for over 5 years, and understand the difficulties of working in a busy restaurant, especially during a night where there are popular specials, but I do not understand treating your clientele like they are trying to to rob you or stiff you. My party showed up and ran a tab of pizza and beer that totaled well over 200$. When we went to pay, we were informed that they could not split our check unless we split amongst the cards evenly.  Please note we were only trying to split between 3 cards but since 2 people left earlier in the night they claimed it was "not possible" to charge 3 more cards. This whole experience was so heart breakingly disappointing because in the past we have had amazing servers (Cade) who have been so wonderful to us. We have never run into problems before now. Tonight, Sara, felt that her only responsibility was to put our orders into the computer system, and even THAT she did poorly!! Twice we had to remind her that we had ordered a pizza or a beer and the response was "oh, you didn't get that?" No! I didn't get that. I asked for that but I didn't get it, because you forgot to put it into the computer". At the end of the day I was willing to pay the "included gratuity" of 18% even though I did not feel that the waitress tried to be a good server, at all. Instead she saw our larger group and thought "Great! Included tip, don't need to do anything" My serious complaint was ,when I did ask the waitress to do ANYTHING (ie. charge 4 different cards 4 different amounts) it was too much work. Please note that this was an actual quote from management when I asked to discuss the issue with them. "We don't want to keep the servers busy with checks". Well what the hell are they busy with?  Because I wasn't getting my drinks, my pizza, my red pepper, my water, my Parmesan, etc. No matter, I will make it a point to never return and to never recommend this restaurant to anyone who values good, attentive, quality service, from the waiters to the management.
Ps: Cade, we miss you.I took my husband here for his birthday a couple nights ago. He ordered some pasta dish with meat sauce and I had the pork chop special with truffle mac and cheese.  His entree was very small and he wound up eating half of my dinner, too. Normally I'd have made him order something else because my pork chop was rollin, but it was his birthday so I had to be nice. The mac and cheese was very ok. The bread crumb topping was straight burnt, which was sort of disappointing.  The service was decent-- no complaints.  But when they brought out our food and set his plate down, the disappointment in his eyes was undeniable. We counted the number of pasta pieces (16)-- that's how little he got. If we ever go back, which we do not intend to, we'd get the pizza. 
TL;DR- small portions, unimpressive flavor.Food. Ok. Added toppings to pizza and it was satisfying. Service. Terrible. No clue we were even at the restaurant and had to request service. I live blocks from this place and am terribly disappointed. Didn't honor happy hour prices and had to point the error out on the check. Staff was in attentive and very possibly recuperating from the running of the bulls event today. Table next to us had to ask for ice in their water 3 times.  10% tip was quite generous.Great food and great service make for an awesome Sunday Brunch experience. Small brunch menu but they offer the full menu during brunch hours as well. $15 bottomless mimosas and bloodys. Top it off with the coolest bartender (1st visit) turned waiter (2nd visit)....I think Magazine St has a keeper. Happy hour is half off all drinks...starts at 3pm....needless to say we arrived around 2p and didn't leave until almost 5p. The way to 5 stars would be to add more protein in the pasta dishes but maybe that's just me.....I came here with a friend Saturday night.  We ordered rose wine then calamari.  It was fresh and delicious.  We then split the shrimp scampi.  Only one small complaint was the garlic pieces were huge.  Besides that everything was superb.  The GM Lauren came over and brought complimentary desserts. Lemon ice and spumoni.  Our waiter Ryan was on point.  Also, hoping they chose a different bread that they serve.  It was multi grain just seemed odd for an Italian restaurant.  Can't wait to go back.Amici has some of the best chicken wings I've ever eaten in my life.  Although I've only dined there a handful of times, the Caesar salad was perfect, the pizza is ridiculously good, and the drinks were killer. Pro tip- get the Bloody Mary.  I don't know what they've got going on in there, but sweet Jesus it's good.
My wife got the Margherita pizza and it was perfect in texture and topping to dough ratio. They have coal ovens, resulting in a hotter than hell pizza that knocks the socks off of just about any pizza place here in town. The veal picatta was stupendous as well.  I'll be back to sample more of the stuff as soon as I can, and it won't be long. 
Also, forgot to mention the service was perfect.  Attentive but not obtrusive. Do yourself a favor and check these guys out.  I believe they have a daily happy hour with cheap pizza and cocktails too.Food here is delicious! Really enjoyed the spaghetti and Italian sausage. Have the fried Oreos for dessert! Yum! Be sure to ask for Erica as your server!Great Italian place on Magazine St. The ambience is  very nice and eclectic. Had a great happy hour. I ordered Chicken Piccata and it was delicious, some of the best Italian food I have found in NOLA. A little more fancy than your regular pizza place but I felt comfortable in jeans. Service was great.Always see pics of delicious food on Instagram, and Amici is in a prime spot on Magazine St. Lots of great restaurants to choose from. The decor and ambiance was very nice. I was really excited about our 1st experience there. The service is a big part of the overall dining to me, and it just didn't cut it. For a not so busy Friday night, the server could have been more attentive and faster. 2 managers on the floor, and none stopped at the table except to open the door when we walked out. The food was very good. We had the calamari and built a pizza of cheese, pepperoni, and sausage. I also ordered the Caprese Salad.The service is perfect and the waiters are very friendly. One of the owners of the restaurant even came to the table and was very nice. I got the pizza and it was very good. Not too heavy. I like how there is a parking lot to the side of the building.After another visit to Amici, I am now upgrading them to 5 stars.
The two star bump comes mostly from their excellent customer service and the fact that they truly care about their customers.  After my last review, I was contacted personally by an owner to discuss my experience.  This goes a long way in my book.
On this visit, I tried their pizza for the firs time.  We had the Gamberetto fra Diavollo (Shrimp with spicy marinara) and built our own for the second pizza (pepperoni, sausage anchovies and some veggies).  Both pizzas were excellent.
It's a shame that more businesses don't use Yelp as a tool to interact with their customers and turn a poor or average experience into a positive one like Amici has done.   I am now a loyal customer.
I wish Amici the best and will return often.Their food is okay as well as the service, my complaint about this place is that they are very stingy with their ingredients.  Their chop salad is very good but you almost need a microscope to find their listed ingredients.  Same with their pizzas.  The atmosphere is very good though, and a great place to hang out on the weekends.My partner and I tried Amici today for the first time because we got coupons in the mail, so why not? 
First of all, the service was wonderful. Our waitress was really nice. We said we were vegetarian before we ordered. So when she served us the Bruschetta with pork, she was very understanding and took it back.
The food was amazing. Instead of the bruschetta, we had the crab ravioli (pescatarian, I guess?), and it was amazing. The Spanici Alfredo pizza was also on point. For desert, we ordered the fried oreos. I wasn't expecting much, but it was pretty good. 
One complaint was that they squeeze tables like sardines outside. I felt like there was barely any room to move the chair to even get up or sit down.Basics: good food, AWFUL SERVICE. The waitress dropped the lemon for my water on the floor, and it was still there when we left. She never refilled my Coke, and we rarely saw her at all. She did not know the soup of the day, and said, "Let me go see if it's the same thing from last night . . . sometimes they change it." Not a good sell. My all meat pizza was good, but my dining companion found the cheese to overwhelm her pizza. We had a BOGO card and they refused to honor it, because it was Sunday and they don't serve lunch on Sunday. The card, however, simply said it had to be used between 11:30 and 3:30 . . . not just on days they served a lunch menu. And it didn't say anything about excluding Sundays. Their food is not good enough to carry their bad service. They better get their act together before they're bad service is what they're really known for.  They are surrounded by to many other great restaurants to survive being sub par in the service and management department.Stopped here for lunch after walking around the garden district.  We ordered salads and a couple of pizzas to share between our group.  The chopped salad was just what we all wanted, light and crisp.  The pizzas were great as well.  The service was fair, but the waiter was noticeably annoyed when many of the people in my group asked for customization of their salad (such as dressing in the side or no onions)I was expecting great things from this place, and it was just... Meh.
The pizza (margarita) had fresh toppings, and a nice thin crust.., in the middle. The edges were way too thick and the dough wasn't cooked through, thus yeasty and just un appetizing. 
Also shared:
- a ceasar salad (a bit underdressed, croutons way too large)
- baked oysters amici- ok but oysters obviously from a tub; reminded us of grandmas thanksgiving dressing when she got too old to do it from scratch
- spaghetti carbonara: pasta was properly cooked, though as somebody else mentioned, They were broken in two which takes away the pleasure of twirling the real thing on your fork. Sauce was ok. 
We had to ask for salt & pepper, and then again for parm and red pepper flakes. 
Service:
We sat at the bar and it wasn't very busy. 
The bartender was ok, but seemed peeved when we asked for the salt/pepper/parm which in turn totally ticked me off; these things should have brought over to begin with. 
Also, I would expect to have freshly cracked pepper, or even just a "do-it-yourself" grinder; not some super fine preground crap in a fancy shaker. 
On an upnote; the decor looks good and of they get their service and products on par, this place has potential.Second birthday in a row my son asks for Italian and we go to Amici. It is always excellent service and great food. We ordered meatballs and spaghetti, chicken wings and chicken Marsala. Everything was the right temperature, tasted wonderful and the portions were big. Our server was Will H. He was very attentive, kept our glasses full, brought extra bread with cheese and olive oil for dipping. One of the best restaurants in New Orleans for sure.