Very solid place!
They always have a great beer selection, and they rotate it often. The cured meats are good too, and constantly improving. Honestly, I feel as though each time I go there, the restaurant has improved food wise. I wasn't the biggest fan the first time I went there, but it gets better with every visit! Definitely try the gnocchi and the meatballs!
Also, at least last time I checked, they have happy hour from 9pm till close with $5 pepperoni and cheese pizzas!This place is awesome not only because of the pizza, but because of the exceptional customer service. I took my two young boys to eat here on a Friday night. My 3 year old insisted on holding to the to-go box with a whole pizza on it. I finally caved when not 2 minutes later the whole thing was on the floor! I was crushed. The waitress kindly asked me which pizza it was, and they made me a whole new pizza to go free of charge. You can't get much better customer service than that! Thanks Ancora!not wild about the food but it was definitely OK. the pizza is very euro- not much cheese. we also had an app-- mozzarella cheese coated in risotto rice and deep fried. i don't know. it just didn't taste as decadent as it should have...High quality ingredients and spot on flavor. Diavola is an amazing pizza. Crab gnocchi is solid, ice creams are solid, and great drinks. Can't beat Ancora for a casual meal.Had lunch here today. Awesome experience!  Great service and wonderful food.  Gnocchi stuffed with crab meat melts in your mouth.  Watermelon granita w/rum was one of the best drinks I have had a quite awhile.    Pizza will not disappointThis is a hidden jewel. From the friendly service (thanks Bren) to the wonderful aromas to the tasty cocktails, you'll be glad you ventured in!Sad to see Racer 5 exit the beer line-up, but happy to see the portions are more consistent than my first visit.
The service was on, the pizza delightful, and I was surprised at how comfortable it was to bring my kids as on the surface it just seems a little too cold (as in flat, linear, darker pallette) in design.
I do enjoy this pie more than Midway though my favorite is still a tossup between a Nor'Easter from Reginelli's or an Olivier from Cote' Sud.I live nearby and have been a couple of times.  Drinks are great and unique, the anti-pizza platter is always a great value and like Italy in my mouth.  Plus they support Hollygrove Market & Farm where I volunteer.  I'll keep coming, and you should too!This place is a damn shame. So highly rated and a real disappointment. The only plus was that the manager was really understanding and let us walk out... Thus earning the required one star. 
The Bianca pizza was so salty, and featured pickles, capers and some sort of pickled pepper and no garlic taste to be found. Salty cheese (reminiscent of Polly O string cheese) and acidic toppings. Yikes. 
The margherita sauce had no flavor and was so wet; leaving the crust with no structural integrity (I get what they're going for; but, I didn't want pizza soup.)
Similar style pizza can be found at pizza domenica or dolce vita which are far and beyond better bets. new york style at pizza delicious.  I will say this is one of the more disappointing meals I've had in New Orleans.. If you can call it a meal, only had three bites. 
Moral of the story don't trust everything you read on the yelp.In the Tour de Pizzas I've been doing around town (waistline be damned) I have partaken of Ancora several times.
I really enjoy it here. Not only is the service friendly every time I've been, but it's fast. Not so fast you feel rushed, but I haven't waited very long for my meal here.
As for the actual pizza fare, it's delicious. The four cheese pizza really takes the cake - harmonious flavors that rest on a Napoli-style thin crust. Thin crust is easy to mess up, but they specialize in that here, in case you didn't notice the centerpiece of their kitchen (the wood burning stove). It's kind of hypnotic to watch the pizza makers from your seat.
The burrata is also fantastic. I turned my dining partner onto that tasty little dish. Creamy with the right amount of crunch.
The only thing I'd kind of ding them for is the noise level. Sometimes it can get a bit loud but that has nothing to do with the quality of the food - just an observation.
With all the pizza competition in town, Ancora is a solid contender.Mmmmmm, pizza. What better food in a cold rainy day? Well any day for that matter. 
Even though they were getting close to closing, I was welcomed in with warmth and soon good my way to the bar. The friendly bartender suggested a few drinks, after finding out my tastes, and the happiness I was seeking soon ensued. 
The cocktails were tasty and potent, and the food quite good. The char on the crust was a bit strong, but nothing more than expected from a place that uses real wood. I chose the meatball pizza and it was just as delicious as the bartender implied. 
I was quite happy with my choice of venue for my evening meal and I will definitely be back.Was recommended to me by a local (as Id never been to Freret St) The menu was lacking and over priced. Though the small portion of gourmet pizza held me over til I could make it back to late night at St Charlea Tavern and we got good fast service... Overall I wish I had walked on down Freret and eaten at one of the many other places available. This wouldnt be where I would recommend going to get pizza.Best pizza in town. Great food and ambiance. Very open spaced seating. Gets busy at dinner time but service and bar are great if there is ever a wait. I very highly recommend this local neighborhood place for a good New Orleans pizza.All I can say is WOW...This place is good. The S/O and I were in the area visiting family and they recommended this place as it was close by.
 Soo glad we chose this place. Lots of good choices close by, it was a tough choice. It's street parking or they have a lot close by about a block away.
 Nice decor...rustic tables. Chalk boards with specials located around the walls. They built a special room towards the back where they cure meats inside the restaurant. Nice idea. 
 Wait staff was excellent with answers on the menu and never let our glasses run dry. We had the Anti Pizza Plate, which is this huge collage of menu items. Meatball and stuffed fried rice ball in this amazing tomato sauce. Garlic stuffed Shrimp, a platter with several varieties of bruschetta all topped with cheese, tomatoes. House cured olives, Prosciutto. Squash. It's pricey at $20 bucks, but it's a huge mound of food with a bunch of delicious choices.
 As good as all that was, it made us HAVE to try a Pie. They have this Pizza oven built in Italy and shipped here....OMG the pies are to die for...Perfect crust. Nice hint of wood aroma.  We had the Diavola...nice spicy meats and oil blend to make this a delicious pie.
 All and all a great meal, we will definitely return. That Oven make a really good Pie.This is my favorite pizza in New Orleans.  The best is the Enzo Diavola, a spicy salami pizza that never disappoints.  I also order the burrata and there is a great selection of craft beers.Great pizza and great cocktails. If you're visiting New Orleans and want to get away from the touristy partying crowd, hop in a cab and hit up this place. The bartenders serve up some great cocktails and the pizza was amazing. Highly recommend Ancora.Another Adolfo Garcia hot spot. This is in the heart of the Freret St food scene and a solid place to enjoy great drinks, beer and of course the neapolitan style pizza. I really enjoy there charcuterie plate as well as other daily specials.This is a cute trendy Authentic Italian pizza place in an up and coming area on Freret. I had the Aperol Spritzer and it was exactly like what you would drink in Italy at 5pm every day! For pizza I had the special for the day which was a bacon and egg yoke. It literally had a raw egg yoke cracked on top of the pizza. It was surprisingly good but had a really strong smoke flavoring since it was cooked in a real wood pizza oven. It was a little too much for me but the crust was really good also- very doughy and soft.  The menu was also very limited so my friend had the Margarita pizza which was pretty standard.
 Overall it was a good experience but I woudln't go back because there are too many better pizza places in new orleans. I MAY go back for another spritzer but thats it...To quote the website, "Ancora offers the first truly authentic Neapolitan pizza to New Orleans using a style that is hundreds of years old."  The oven was hand-crafted with materials from Mt. Vesuvius, and reaches temperatures of up to 900 degrees.  To keep with Neapolitan tradition, they bake the pizzas on the oven floor, and it only takes 45-90 seconds to cook.  Pizzas are made with flour, water, and sea salt only.  No commercial yeast is used, and the dough takes 3 days to prepare from start to finish.  Ingredients come from New Orleans markets or they're imported from Naples.
We were seated quickly and our friendly waiter explained the menu thoroughly.  It became evident that they take these pizzas seriously- there are many rules involved in making these authentic, and they follow all of them diligently (rules are on the website.)  We ordered the cured meat plate, and the chef came out to explain details of each one.  The flavors of each were very sophisticated.  We ordered 2 pizzas, the margherita and the daily pizza- both were perfect.  When I inquired about the oven, I was invited to take a look at it in action, which I thought was a cool gesture- they really do bake these things bare, on the oven floor- it's really neat to see, and all you have to do is peer over the counter to see it in action.
Service was friendly and very attentive.  The acoustics are not that great- it was noisy but tolerable, and it being only a Tuesday, I'd imagine the weekends to be very noisy.
Please note- this is anything but Americanized pizza- it's much, much more involved and sophisticated, so don't come expecting the expected.  If you're in the mood for a Chicago-style deep-dish, go to Midway down the street (love it.)  Keep in mind, these two places offer completely different experiences- it depends on what mood you're in.Kudos on Atmosphere and Alcohol: The Ancora Old Fashioned was superb!! The meatball pizza was just so-so, and perhaps not the best choice. I will have to return and try the Margherita which looked divine on a nearby table. Overall, I would recommend Ancora. It was quite an enjoyable evening. Of course that old fashioned may have had something to do with it!Neopolitan pizza like you'd get in Italy. The crust is more than a conveyance for toppings -- crisp and chewy and a great balance between yeasty and salty. On the margherita, the flavors are all so mild that nobody overpowers anybody else, and you can taste the quality of the ingredients. 
We also got the large meat plate, which featured several of the restaurant's home-cured salamis along with a nice cheese and a dried fruit spread. Delicious.o m g. Best pizza in the city. 10 year old sourdough starter as the base for all the doughAncora has been my favorite restaurant in the city for a few years. The commitment to quality food has remained consistent throughout the years. I love the simplicity and purity of the flavors. This is not a place where the food is drowned in various sauces and dressings. You taste every ingredient; you get the full span of texture and flavor. It's brick oven pizza at its absolute best. It's vegetables which have been cooked to perfection. It's creamy cheese, and a tasty cocktail. It's house-cured meats and a warm toasty crust.
The servings are best when you go family style- go ahead and share everything, order extra gnocchi with crab. There are standard menu items that have been delicious each time we've tried them. I recommend ordering from the chalkboard menu on the back wall. The salads are divine- made of actual vegetables, not lettuce and filler. They taste clean and wholesome. The arancini and the gnocchi just burst with flavor. Today's special pizza is sure to be only the freshest, high-quality ingredients. Whatever it is, order that one... and maybe one off the regular menu. 
You really can't go wrong with Ancora. It's not sauce and salt and things that are, well, brown. The food is as vibrant as the colors it comes in, as tasty as our local markets offer. You feel better having eaten it, not loaded down or stuffed to the point of guilt. It's food as food was meant to be served.You would expect pizza to take a long time to bake, but damn this one came out fast! The crust was soft, fluffy, and light with a nice char from the oven, which in itself looks like an art installation. The meatball was a solid choice, and could be a personal portion if you are bold enough. The décor is modern rustic, so you could take it casual or dress up a little. Overall, the pizza is a good choice, and it won't make you feel like a huge grease ball after it.
P.S. fior do latte is slices of mozzarella. Some pizzas don't have cheese, so choose wisely so you're not disappointed.So happy this restaurant is now open for lunch.   This is definitely one of the best wood fired pizza places in Nola.  The toppings may seem a little unusual but they couldn't be more "traditional Italian".Best pizza!  it's worth the money. Love their late night happy hour. Sooooo yummy!! Will keep coming back hereExcellent! That is how I felt about all of the food that was put in front of me that night. 
My friend treated me to an early birthday meal and I must say that it was the right decision to come here. The drinks were on point and really had a real homemade feel to them. The food was the highlight. I got the Quatro and wow! What a pizza to be had there. Between all of the cheeses and the sauce, I could not put it down fast enough. My friend got the Bruschetta with the olive topping and it was superb as well. Can not say enough about how the meal was amazing!
I hope to come back next time and try out the meatball and Diavola pizzas. Excellent food and excellent service, you can not beat that!Great food & excellent staff.  I lived in Rome for two years, and Ancora makes excellent Italian style pizza.  The margherita pizza and the arancini made me nostalgic for my time there.I was very impressed with how fresh the ingredients were and that most of it was from the local farmers market.  We are going back tonight!  What a treat!!!I am unabashed about asking for information. If I want something, I will put on a smile and go looking. In a restaurant, I will ask about where they source x, y, or z ingredient. I will ask about preparation. I will ask what something means. I will ask about wine, beer, or cocktails. I will leave no stone unturned. 
Ancora was ready for me, in that respect. We asked our server to define roughly half the menu; and he did so with panache. I asked about the nuances of some of the different cheese; he had a simple explanation ready for me. I wanted wine, but I didn't recognize any of the varietals on the menu so I asked the bartender (who wasn't slammed so I didn't feel a bit guilty). I asked and asked and asked, until I was happy with the answer. And Ancora's staff kept answering me. That pleases me. 
So why the emphasis on questions? Because Ancora has a learning curve. With a menu that relies heavily on Italian, it can get confusing. But see, Italian is a language with a number of very specialized food words so each nuance of cheese or meat has a name. This leaves us with a delicious precision in food preparation. I am happy with the precision because it means the flavors are carefully cultivated. 
We had two pizzas (the daily special and the Bianca), both delicious. Between three people, two pies and an app were enough to satisfy. Now, the trick with the pizzas we ordered was compromise. One member of our party doesn't like olives or capers, both fixtures on the Bianca pizza. She agreed to try it because she was out-voted...then she loved the pizza. I think that reflects strongly on the quality of the ingredients going into each pie. Another of our number doesn't love arugula on pizza, but she didn't mind picking it off if it was too much. There wasn't a leaf left on her plate, either. I was super impressed. 
There is no doubt that I would return to Ancora. I'd love to see the decor change a little bit and move away from using grey as the neutral. (Art historian moment: I feel like they need a warm neutral like taupe or soft yellow to really capture the creamy, soft, crisp vibe. Grey was too cold, too industrial, too "Chipotle-esque" for my eye.) 
And a note on the service: They seem to have ironed out the issues other, earlier reviews noted. I can see where the service would get thin, but everyone was where they should be doing what they should be doing tonight. It was like watching a beautiful bicycle being put through its paces. I really enjoyed the cohesive nature of the service, with management blending into table service blending into the bar blending into the kitchen blending into the pizza makers. It really worked. 
I want to give Ancora a 5 star review, but I also want to leave room for the place to grow. My fervent hope is that I will bump this place up to a 5 star joint with my next visit.
Accessibility notes: Door opens out. Fully accessible for mobility devices. Can get loud. No braille menu or signage.Couldn't live in the neighborhood and not come try out the two new restaurants on Freret. We started off with the bruschetta with roasted eggplant (the bruschetta changes daily), and the margherita pizza and a meat number with spicy salumi. The wood burning pizza oven is beautiful and the pizza tender did a great job with our pizzas. Crust thin, but not too thin, and crusty. I do believe they have the best tomato sauce I have tasted on a pizza. I felt the everything was reasonably priced and the servers attentive. All in all a positive experience.I don't often comment on my restaurant experiences but this one blind sided me. Tempura broccoli with shaved cheese and truffle oil?! Coming from SF, all I can say is that this is up there with State Bird Provisions. This is elevated Italian meets experimental.  Favorite new happy place!Seriously good. Got the special and was great. It's no keste but it'll do for nola. Their oven is seriously amazing though.. I'll have to take a pic next time.Really enjoyed the margherita pizza - nice chew, good bake. I was going somewhere else and walked past Ancora, and then turned around and came back. It was a great call. Had a nice IPA and a side of fennel salami. 
I was in town for work, but Ancora is definitely on the list for NOLA trip.Delicious pie.  Really friendly service AND you can get some pies at half off after 9pm.  This restaurant is well done.The only place in New Orleans with an oven that looks like a storm trooper's head, as the cook pointed out to me on the way out.  Cocktails were awesome and pizza was tasty , though a bit undersalted (the margherita, not the bianca).
Our server was super informative and attentive. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the marscapone and bread dessert. It reminded me of a cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese. That said, it would make a good breakfast item if this place were a breakfast place.Amazing. Everything was completely fresh, even the olive oil. Atmosphere was very relaxing and everyone was amazingly friendly. It can be a little pricey but for the quality and freshness it's 1000% worth it. They also cure their own meat themselves. Definitely go here if you're a pizza lover.I was very excited about trying this restaurant.   Checked out the website for info and hours, menu etc.     Drove 1.5 hours and when we arrived we were told that they only had 4 sandwiches available for lunch.   Why wasn't this information mentioned on the website?    Very disappointed and won't waste the time or gas to give them a second chance.My friend brought me here, informing me that the cooks were sent out of America to learn how to do pizza the right way. Hand tossed crust, cooked brick oven fire style.
 I ordered the Fig Italian soda to start, which was so so so good! Be sure you give it a stir before you sip, all the sweetness is at the bottom.
We ordered the pizza which was on the special board... chard on a pizza? (I thought to myself) ... sounds interesting. Being adventurous I had to try it. 
Let me tell ya, this place knows what they're doing! Cute place, great food, friendly service.First off, if this review were solely based on the pizza I would give it 4 stars. I'm not an expert on Neapolitan pizza but have had pizza in Italy and I've also had what I considered good Neapolitan pizza in NY. Ancora's pies were pretty solid. No complaints really. The authentic Italian pies that I've had in general have been simple, rustic, and far different from what we Americans expect: greasy and cheese laden. 
So, having said that the food was good and authentic, I will move on to why only 2 stars for me. I'm not into the "you'll get what we give you and that's that" attitude. I don't really understand from a business standpoint how or why you wouldn't want to accomodate the people that are going to make you money and hopefully keep you in business. But, that's not really my business. They can run their business how they please. 
I just left feeling a level of pretension that I am not used to experiencing in New Orleans. 
So, 2 stars is for "Meh. I've experienced better." I'm not saying it's not good, but I have experienced better. Better pizza (to my liking) and better atmosphere, vibe, and value. 
Best of luck AncoraWent back last night. It was so delicious. We had the roasted shrimp, roasted squash, and quatro formaggi pizza. All were outstanding as was the service.My sense of the general ethic of the new Freret Street eateries is to make food correctly, in that it satisfies your highminded view of the craft, and let your audience adjust to you.  The first thing I did after walking into Ancora was get an up close look at that badass wood oven.  I said, "That is a sweet oven" to no one in particular, but it turned out I was within earshot of Jeff Talbot, who gave a beaming smile like I just complimented his first-born.  
Pizza is, or rather should be, all about the dough.  Ancora's is very good.  (I'd place a Mitt Romney-esque $10,000 bet that they're on a first name basis with their dough starter... if you take IOUs.)  Dough is not an afterthought, but should be pizza's centerstage. 
It all comes down to the magic of fermentation, which is why their salumi and pizza fit together like peas and carrots.  I have a soft spot for blood sausage, and I enjoyed Ancora's very much.  But it was their cured tenderloin that was my favorite of the night -- equal parts fatty and lean with generous saltiness.  I will definitely return for another fine Old Fashioned (with a very alluring house-made bitter), more cured meats and another great pizza. Good work.The absolute best pizza in New Orleans.  True Neapolitan style, so not typical US pizza. But unbelievably great. And the Quattro Formaggio has cheese sourced by the St. James Cheese Company- it is incredible!I'm stickin' with three stars. I'll be happy to come back and update my thoughts...
The over-the-top 'rules' about what you want on pizza is sort of a turn-off. i understand purity, but when three options are basically a margherita pizza with one extra spice, it's too restrictive.
Our server was fast and helpful. She knew all the right things to say, and was helpful for alternatives if something was not available. The only clunker of the night was my choice of wine. The rose featured on the wine list was flat and not that cold, and steep at $9.00 for a paltry pour.  
Also, the nature of the pizza does not allow for take-out. Within 5 minutes, the crust gets too wet for proper delivery, so stop whining.Most disappointing meal I've had in 3 years living in nola. The mint, strawberry and gin drink was too sweet and had way too much mint (burned my mouth like toothpaste) even after being remade once. The white pizza was way too salty and had pickles on it. The margaritas didn't have much flavor and was soggy. Also the menu is very vague with several items being "market price" including their one salad and bruschetta..... Really? Also no mention of their happy hour on the menu even though it's on their website.... Very strange 
This meal made me sad....... Sadder than the day my dog died. How about thatI went here "by accident" two nights in a row so this review will be longer than usual.  We were thinking of going to High Hat the first night, but we met some random people in the street who told us to try Ancora...so we did. The second night we went to Domenica's but it was a 45 minute wait and we were hungry so I recommended we go back to Ancora's. The first night they had us wait 5-15 minutes for a table when there was clearly an empty table in front of us and the second night they seated us almost immediately.
As for the atmosphere, the restaurant reminds me slightly of a warehouse, 
probably because there are little to no decorations. It would be cool if they paint up some cool font words explaining what the Italian words mean on the menu; example: fior de latte = mozzarella cheese or something better. 
They also have a wood burning oven that they allowed us to walk up to and look at. Double dome to keep the heat in and smoke out. Pretty cool. Supposedly it takes 2-3 minutes for the pizza to cook, but because it looked like there was only one guy making pizzas, the wait for the food took about 40 minutes anyway. 
Service wasn't bad. We had the owner, manager/bartender, and waiter come by to check up and answer any questions we had. Everyone was friendly and apologetic about the wait time. 
As for the actual food, it was delicious. Pizzas are all about the same size (11-12") and crusts are thin, crispy, but not dry. Sauce and cheese ratio wasn't overwhelming either. They have pretty simple ingredients on their pizzas, but the simplicity enhanced the flavors. We ordered the diavola (salami, mozzarella, chili, and tomatos) and margherita (basil...was the only ingredient I could remember, but it was still good) pizza the first night with a bruschetta ricotta cheese platter and the second night the same two pizzas plus the daily pizza. The ricotta cheese was super fresh and tasty. I kind of wished my friend who ordered it kept the olives on there because I want to see how it paired, but no olives. Daily pizza the second night was prosciutto which was, by far, the best but because of the amount of time it takes to cure the meat, isn't available all the time. It took them 9 months to cure it. 
Overall, I really like it, obviously since I've been back twice. Good stuff. :DVery familiar with gourmet pizza.  Very familiar.  This isn't a gourmet pizza place.  It seems to want to be though so maybe it'll be realized at some point. 
We started out with the Affetatti Misti. Not worth the $9. Thin slices of fat with a very small portions of meat  on each slice.  I then ordered the Diavola and it was decent.  Tomato sauce isn't fresh and the flavors weren't quite developed. 
Service needed some work as well.  After ordering appetizer and eating it I had to call the server over so we could order our dinner.  The other issue I had was the slicing of the pizza at your table.  It is very awkward for the customer to try and not be in the way of elbows.  Our table of 2 people was bad enough.  A table of 4 (as I watched a couple of times) was very crowded.  That can be done by the server before it is delivered to the table.If you are looking for traditional pizza, don't come here. if you want something unique for New Orleans, this is your place. In other words, this is not your father's Pizza Hut. I really enjoyed my dinner here. It was partly the great conversation and laughter with awesome friends at our little four top. It was also the great wine my wine gurus brought. But the food played a great part. As above, this is non traditional pizza. The crust is remakably thin and crunchy, the toppings creative and fresh. An example is the Maria, my favorite of the four we ordered --capicola, marscapone, arugula, and tomato sitting atop the aforementions cracker thin crust. Awesome! The puttanesca is an example of how unique this place is. No cheese! No 16 oz of flavorless Papa John's rubber patch mozzarella. The cured meat plate was a great starter too. This is a fun place I will def visit again.While there are a couple places around town for good pizza, Ancora is the most authentic Italian style that I've come across. The pizzas are simple, and they let the ingredients speak for themselves. Love the beautiful brick oven by the bar. The restaurant has a nice space, and it is always busy, but I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes to get a table.
After they first opened, I was here constantly. I may have even gone three times in one week just because I was so excited to share it with different friends. The pizza is delicious and not too doughy. Get the Diavolo, it is spicy and full of flavor. The bruschetta is good too, the bread they use is amazing. I've also enjoyed the salads and a smattering of other things I've tried...
I don't really know what some Yelper complaints are about the staff because I've found them all to be incredibly friendly and helpful. Also, why is the bar tender so cute?! (seriously, even my boyfriend thinks so..)
Alas, the last couple times I've been in, my pizza has been soggy and almost inedible, but I've had so many amazing experiences here that I'm hoping these were just outliers, and I stand by my four stars.Wow...not sure what pizza other reviewers of Ancora have enjoyed but I was simply underwhelmed...I had been craving good pizza since torturing myself watching NY pizza competition on TV, so decided to give this place a try. Let's see, Tueday night, not crowded, and it was so loud we couldn't hear our server. We order  wine and a draft which we hadn't tried before and unfortunately these turned out to be the highlight of our dining experience. We ordered a meat plate to start, which was decent followed by Caprese salad, which was the precursor to the failings of this experience. Both the mozzerella and basil were tasteless, the claimed creole tomatoes, not tasty like any creole I've grown accustomed too...Unfortunately we also order the pizza of the day which featured of course tasteless basil, bland mozzerella, hidden garlic, and now chopped rather than sliced creole tomatoes. The pizza dough was chewy and had way too much burn taste associated with it. So like mexican food and BBQ, good pizza still seems to elude Nola.
PS Service was fine and very informative, so a non issue for us.
All in all probably went to Ancora twice..the first and last time.
SorryAncora is great. The pizzas are delicious with a thin chewy crust and the always perfect San Marzano tomato sauce. Appetizers are very creative and changing constantly. House cured meats and friendly staff are icing on the top. It may be noisy to other people but that's the sound of a successful restaurant. We love it!Just had a two Margherita pie takeaway as part of their Super Bowl special ($10 each).  Vaaa Bene - the staff was great while I waited - True Neopolitan pies worthy of their certification.Awesome pizzas! We finally found "real" pizza in new orleans. If you're fan of pizza with canned tomato sauce and a lot of though that you can eat with your hands, then go elsewhere. This eaten with knife and fork, the though is thin, and not crusty, and the tomato sauce tastes fresh!
Margherita and diavola were great! Staff is friendly and we got a good deal being there after 9pm. Definitely going back there!We had very high expectations based on the reviews and their website - maybe too high.
Service was great, we liked our waiter and he led us to tasty wine choices. But the deafening atmosphere made it hard to hear each other yell. 
The food itself was fine, not stellar as other reviewers experienced. The fact that neither of us remember any of our appetizers says something.
The pizza we found to be good but not great, and we caught ourselves missing #29 in the West Village. It was disappointing due to our excpectations.
So, maybe a bad night for the kitchen, maybe just not our style. We wouldn't return during a busy time, it was simply too painfully loud to enjoy.Fantastic authentic pizza in a casual yet stylish atmosphere. Ancora has quickly become one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants. While Freret Street is not technically my 'hood, it is a very short trip and easily accessible.
Ancora not only has great pizza, they also make great use of local vegetables, either on the "Little Bite of Everything" anti-pizza platter, as contorni, or in market salads. They also have delicious, refreshing cocktails (and I have noticed that cocktails and wine pours have gotten larger since they first opened). As important as these things are, you're going for the pizza! The thin crust pizza is cooked in minutes in the imported pizza oven. It's so light, I could eat it daily. My favorite pizza is the Maria with capicola, mascarpone, arugula, and tomato. If this pizza is not on the menu, I'm also a big fan of the Bianca with Fior de Latte, basil, olives, garlic, and chili. I like their pizza so much, however, I would probably be happy with any of the choices. If you love authentic pizza, check out Ancora.I had an amazing experience dining here tonight. I like to frequent this restaurant whenever I'm looking for a good pizza with some delicious contorni! The food and ingredients are FRESH FRESH FRESH! It's a win win with great service and food!Ummmm ok so I realize we were eating dinner a bit early, but there were 7 people working with only us in there. The atmosphere is chill,... but it seemed like they were trying too hard at the same time.The whole reason I came was because I saw something about a Gnocchi special on their Instagram. Asked the waiter if it was big enough for two to split, and he said yes. 9 pieces of Gnocchi. Great sauce, good crawfish with them, but not nearly enough. Ordered a small pizza because we weren't full. Every one either looked very bored or like they were trying way to hard to look like they were doing something. Two people actually cooking and working the oven, two people possibly flirting/on their phones, one lady fingering the iced tea spigot.This entirely blew my mind! To be frank, I had sort of expected a fast food restaurant when first told about it, but the entire experience was fantastic. From the prosecco and st. germaine cocktail to the locally sourced meat sampler, the enormous arancini balls, the roasted sweet potatoes, to the buffalo mozzarella pizza, I have 0 things I would change. Perhaps come with more people so that I can try more things next time! 
A great place to take the parents or go on a first date, this place is casual, yet has a very high quality appeal to their food and drinks. Two thumbs up!Words cannot describe how absolutely amazing this place is. My husband and I had our rehearsal dinner here last weekend. The food was on point and the staff went so for above and beyond the call of duty to make our experience everything we could have dreamed of. 
Many of our guests told us that the pizza was the best they'd ever had, and I regularly dream about the delicious arancini. The manager is a dream to work with, and we are so grateful for his hospitality!I can't think of a better dinner on a cold rainy night than a thin, crispy pizza and a good Old Fashioned. Lucky for me, Ancora can give me both of these things in the same location for a decent price. The decision to tote that pizza oven over here from Italy was certainly a wise one. The atmosphere could be a bit warmer and a little less noisy, but the casual dining and the neighborhood feel helps put the patron at ease when entering. I love that you can see the oven and watch as they make your pizza. Check out the board (although sometimes hard to read) for the specials, there is always something interesting to try. The fresh veggies that I get on my pizza or salad are always appreciated. And as mentioned before, their take on the Old Fashioned is one of the best in the city. Overall: Fresh veggies, quality cocktails, and thin, delicious pizza make this a great stop for dinner on Freret.Superb food. Most interesting pizza in town. Excellent drinks, wine, and beer. Very casual. Great bargain. They cure all of their meats in house. Very interesting Italian specials daily along with multiple choices of pizza.We went here for an alumnae group happy hour and we had a blast. We were not sure how many ladies would show up so the waitress pushed two tables together for 8 (it was pouring that day so we figured people would stay home). 
The manager (or maybe the owner) made a special blueberry mojito four our group and it was delicious. Every time our organization hosts a happy hour, the organization pays for the food/apps and the individual pays for the pizza. We ended up getting two pizzas.
The pizzas are the reason why this place got only 3 stars. The crust was good but everything else was pretty soggy. The first pizza we got was warm while the second was boarder line cold (we ordered the pizzas at two separate times). 
I would have liked to try some of the apps but maybe I will go back and taste them.Pretty good pizza but could easily become pricey. The waiters were very attentive and knowledgeable. They even sell cheese-less pizzas which are actually good. The restaurant is buzzing, so one may not be able to sit right away; however, the wait didn't seem long on a Friday night.As soon as you walk in you're greeted with a smile from all staff. Once you order, pizza is served quicker than you can take the first drink of the beer you just received. The pizza comes out from the wood fire grill and is sliced right at your table. The fresh ingredients topping the pizza give it a magnificent flavor and before I knew it my pizza was almost gone. Our party of four each ordered a pizza pie and we all shared and got to indulge in 4 different kinds of savory Italian pizza.Ancora is definitely the BEST pizza in New Orleans and I've tried pretty much every pizza joint in town. I'm so happy this place opened up because i was desperate for some real pizza. the crust has the perfect amount of wood oven flavor and creative topping combinations. Be warned!!! some pizzas do not have cheese on them. This may seem un-American but this is how the real italians do it. And if you're a cheese kind of man (or woman) they do have some cheesey options. The one thing that I felt was missing was a wide variety of fountain sodas.My Italophilia is well documented, but let my real gushing begin in earnest now. While I do thouroughly enjoy "American style" pizza (as my raves about Slice will attest), there is nothing like the real deal, pizza Napolitano. The most mediocre one I've tasted in Italy beats the best American for me, so my first visit to Ancora almost brought marinara tears to my eyes.
      My gal and I went for lunch (what a deal!) and before I get to the pizzas, let me give a shout out to a perfectly balanced salad of red sail lettuce with Grana Padano and a subtle citrus dressing. Delicious and the perfect guilt removal device for the utter devestation I wrecked upon my Pizza Bianca (Fior De Latte, olives, garlic, chiles & basil) which had wafer thin crust and a perfect amount of char along the edges. As good as it was, the Bianca paled (pun intended) to my sweetheart's textbook classic Margherita.
     Her pizza's crust was as flawless as mine, but the sauce and cheese balance transported me to Pizzaiolio in Florence, my brain fogging in a gustatory Stendahl's syndrome...and Ancora doesn't have the advantage of fresh  Mozzarella Buffula from Campagnia Italians take for granted.
    I can't wait to try dinner there for the (slightly) expanded menu options, but I can't imagine ever eating at Ancora and not devouring at least one perfect pizza.The pizza is very good; I like all kinds of pizzas, and this didn't disappoint. The flavor was great with the right amount of everything. I think when using an oven such as theirs it's easy to "burn" the pizza. I use quotations because what I think is burnt most people won't mind. I don't like a lot of black crust on my dough.
The service was okay - a little slow, but the server was nice. He said we could even go look at their oven, which was made in Italy. We went on a Saturday night, and there were so many kids! I don't really mind kids yelling and running around so much, but almost every table had a kid(s) with them.Food was great, our server was not.
Ticket said his name is "Server", lol.
Beard. 20s. Avoid.I've been waiting to go here for quite some time now and was not disappointed. This is how pizza should be. While I like the Americanized versions most are familiar with, these wood-fired beauties are far superior in texture, taste and joy.
Yes, I said joy!  When the Putanesca slice hit my palate with her salty garlic anchovie love I was transported into Italian heights.   
The dessert was a blackberry walnut toasted bread served with marscapone and honey. A wonderfully crunchy bite married in a bed of not-too-sweet cream.
We loved it and will be back!Our favorite pizza place and so much more. Brick oven baked, thin, fresh pizza. Nice bar and unique specials. The wait staff is top notch, and you're always seated quickly.Perhaps I'm not quite as refine as rest of the writers, or maybe I'm just more honest. I really wanted to believe this to be the best pizza in all of NOLA but that just is not the case. 
The pizza is a very rustic, traditional, Italian pie. What ever is on the menu is what you get...don't even think about asking substitutions or eliminating an item. All I could really taste was the burnt dough from the oven. 
The atmosphere was nice and led me to believe that the food would be great too. The service was A-ok, i found it interesting that utensil es were stored in a paint can in the middle of the table. I wasn't really a fan, considering I didn't know who was at the table last and if their hand grazed my fork. Another oddity, if you get ice tea, be prepared for no sweet and low, but a cup of sugar that will be promptly picked up and shared with another table. 
In the end I hope they refine whats happening at Ancora and they go on to be a bright spot on Freret for years to come, until then come see me eat'n pie at Theo's.this place has great food.   
we started off with a salad and medium meat plate.   they were both very fresh and tasted great.   The salad was a little pricey ($10) for the portion size.   it should have been bigger.   the med meat plate was perfect for 2.   it was reasonably priced at $12.
the wine by the glass should have a cheaper option.   No glass cheaper than $8 from what i saw on the menu.   I don't think this is fair.   For $9 i only got about 4-5 ounce pour.   I think they need cheaper options.
pizza was great.  awesome crust and fine fresh ingredients.   reasonable price too.
i really like this place, i just wish they had a happy hour or cheaper wine and salad options.   
service was very good.    
wonderful and originalI feel like I may need to go back and get some different things on the menu in order to really write a fair review here. I went with a group of people and we got the Diavola pizza, a bottle of red wine (I forget which one), and the meat appetizer plate. 
Now, it's hard for me to take "fancy" or "pricy" pizza places very seriously but I appreciate the whole "quality pizza made from wholesome and simple ingredients" theme they are going for. 
Visually it's very stunning. The service was great. The pizza was...ehh...just ok. All the descriptions of their pizzas on the menu left something to be desired. Most of them only have 3 toppings/ingredients involved so don't expect anything terribly filling here. We actually requested some calmatta olives and red pepper flakes on the side just to give our pizza a little extra something.
However, I WAS eying a girl next to me eating the Margherita pizza and it looked MUCH more appetizing than my Diavola. My gut was telling me to rate this place 3 stars based on my experience with the food, but the more I investigated the menu during my meal the more I realized I should probably have gotten something different. But ya know...it's hard to please everyone in a group sometimes.
I'd definitely go back for that Margherita pizza and maybe some cocktails. I think that might be where it's at!I have to confess that we only came here because we couldn't get a table at the more famous place in Magazine. I'm SO glad we did. 
The pizzas are inventive and true to the type we have had in Italy. In addition, the service was spectacular.THIS PIZZA. IS. LEGIT. That is all I have to say. They have some great cocktails, salads, and other specials, but I always come around to the classic Margherita pizza, and I never regret my decision.
The service can be slow at times even when the place is super empty, though, so don't go if you're too hungry to have an ounce of patience.If one word could describe my experience at Ancora, it might be "meh". 
My boyfriend and I decided to split the market salad, cured meat plate, and a margarita pizza. Simple enough. Well, the ingredients in the market salad aren't listed on the menu (neither is the price), and the waiter didn't inform us of what was on it. I glanced at the specials board and noticed that the salad contained melon, which I am very allergic to. We asked the waiter if he could substitute tomatoes for the melon, and he said that the restaurant doesn't do substitutions of any kind. Really?! I understand a complex dish where every ingredient is essential, but a pile of arugula drizzled with olive oil can be easily changed. Come on. 
The cured meat plate was divine, and it was served with peppers and a cherry hot mustard sauce. Unfortunately, the plate arrived before our drinks (water + a beer) did. Our waiter was inattentive throughout the meal, but the proprietor seemed nice and walked around the restaurant all night. 
The pizza was okay. The sauce was too watery, but the crust was nice, and the flavor was there. Could have probably used a little more cheese as well. The BF thought the crust was too soft, and if you're going to use a wood burning oven, you need a crispy crust. The waiter also walked up to our table, stood there silent for 30 seconds, and then pulled out napkins from a holder at our table and gave them to us when we were mid-meal and clearly had napkins. Weird. 
When our check arrived, the waiter had forgotten to take off the $9 salad we ended up cancelling. Oops. 
I will go back to Ancora to get another cured meat plate and try the other pizzas (and a cocktail!). I know they're a new business and need time to get their stuff together.The pizza here is very old school and traditional style.  The crust was very good but the flavor of the toppings left a great deal to be desired.  I had the margherita pizza and I found it to be very slack in the basil area.  I would have to say that this was one of the blandest pizza's I've EVER had but the crust was fantastic so that it evens out to about a 3 star pizza.  Pizza Delicious makes a far more fantastic and VERY flavorful margherita so I would greatly suggest that one over the version at Ancora.  The service was acceptable and my pizza came out very fast.  Ancora also makes all their cured meats in house but they seem to focus only on the pig to the exclusion of all other meats.  The price for their one available (and small) single serving size of pizza is way too much for what it is.  I would be willing to pay around $5 (like at happy hour at Domenica for very similar pizza) for this size and type of pizza and certainly not the $13 price.  I probably won't be returning here as I find it extremely over priced for the very simple, basic, and cheap food that it is along with the bland toppings (at least for the margherita).A welcome break from those deep dish doofuses! Idk why we're even eating d.d. pizza at this point when thin woodfire oven pizza is obvi way yummier and chill. 
The interior of ancora is right purdy, with a generous view of the blue mosaic oven and kitchen! We ordered a margherita ($13) and the special, a mascarpone arugula and cappicola pie ($18). Imho a pizza restaurant should be able to stand by its margherita, and this one did not disappoint. The dough was fantasticc, crusts were a highlight just a little salty a little sour and lots of that smoky woodfire taste! The special felt less coherent but I'm also not so into the ~pie with greens and cured meat added post-oven (too often the subtler flavors of the meat are lost to the cheese, dough, etc). Our service was friendly and professional and we were seated quickly! Of course there could be a server who isn't friendly there but we didn't meet them! Also if it were busier or a weekend maybe we wouldn't have been seated as quickly. But as they say, c'est la vie!This place is okay. Ordered 3 pizzas, an appetizer, and drinks.  
The pizzas were average and were a bit burnt (fire oven was expecting this a bit). Other than the burnt bits the flavor was very good (The Special was a pulled brisket that reminded me of a very good roast.)
The appetizer was a bit underwhelming. Ordered the peach and acorn pancetta. It was peaches with ham. No crackers, nothing, just peaches and ham.  And just a bit awkward. 
The drinks were great. A bit pricey (not overly) but fresh and crisp.The pizza here is ok, but thats ok,  its half off after 9pm!  The atmosphere is nice and the staff are really helpful and accommodating. Their pizza isnt bad, but they are a little skimpy with the toppings.Woohoo! This pizza is as good as it gets!  I know I am stealing that from Yelp's 5 star description, but that is a perfect way to describe it.
I can't get enough of Ancora.  The pizza, the bread used for the bruchetta, the drinks / beers, and the employees... all 5 stars.  Ok, I have had the meatball pizza and was disappointed once, but that is my fault for not getting the Enzo or one with prosciutto and arugula.
I don't live in New Orleans (about an hour away) but I eat at Ancora at least once a month.  If I'm not already in New Orleans for something else, eating at Ancora is enough of a reason to go.Yum yum yum! The atmosphere and food was deeeeeelightful-- great date place ;) 
I gave it three stars instead of four simply because their options aren't as prevalent as I had hoped! They have an array of meat toppings, specifically salamis and sausages, but as for vegetables they don't have much of any. They do serve local produce (beet salad was perfecto) and until-it's-gone appetizers that are quite nice. 
Overall, their pizza was delicious and I'd go back in a heartbeat when I can pull myself to spend that kind of dough on my dough.Best pizza in New Orleans. They always have great appetizer specials as well.....try the arancini. Great service & unique wine & beer selection. There is nothing to dislike about this place.This is the best Italian style pizza I have had in the US. It feels like I am transported right to Italy! Truly fantastic. The classic margarita is TO die for. The fresh ingredients, mouth watering sauce, and perfectly done crust...this restaurant is amazing. You will not be disappointed!!Popped in on a whim with my BF after doing a search on yelp for pizza. Pizza is great- I had the margherita and the BF had the Bianca with salami added. It was sooooo good. And the pizzas were ready fast after ordering. I tried the strawberry Italian soda. It was awesome as well. Prices are about average and the vibe of the place is very comfortable. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I feel like the customer service could hv been better. A little more welcoming would hv been nice. Also, a lot of the menu is in Italian it seems and I had to ask for assistance. Service wasn't the worst but def could be improved. I think we will make this one of our summer spots.This place is totally amazing. The pizza is life changing. Anything with the fiore latte is delicious. The bruchetta is great and the service is lovely. The margaherita pizza is simply perfection. Blows Domenica out of the water.One of my favorite pizzas in the N.O. area. The crust is damn near perfect. The thing that I enjoyed the most was their marscapone/honey dessert served with homemade cherry bread... yummy.For a town that ofen gets pizza very wrong, Ancora gets it exactly right. This is easily the best pizza in New Orleans, and it's pizza made the way it's supposed to be made. Delicious light tomato sauce, thick slices of cheese, super crispy crust, perfectly flavored meats and vegetables - FANTASTICO! What's also great about this place, is that the sides are equally delicous. Gnocci, meatballs, arancini - phenomenal. For an authentic Italian meal with the emphasis on pizza, this place is tremendous.
I would give this five stars, but I had to take one off because the price for beverages is way too much - especially for what you get. Most glasses of wine cost $9, and they put barely a splash in the bottom of a tumbler glass. Seriously - I doubt it's much more than 2-3 ounces. That part could be improved by knocking off a couple of bucks from the price, or just pour a few more ounces. I should be able to have three sips of wine and still have some in my glass - especially if you are charging me $9.
That said, I love this place.Really nice atmosphere. Tasty pizza. Appreciate the use of local and in-season ingredients. Nothing extraordinary, though. 
Would have given four starts except...a member of my party was allergic to nuts. We asked the waiter for the pizza on special sans nuts but mentioned that if there was anything the kitchen felt like putting on our pizza in lieu of nuts, go for it! Our waitress made a note of that but when we got our bill we were charged an extra dollar for the basil the kitchen added to our pizza. I found this irksome because 1.) nuts are way more expensive than basil 2.) they added basil of their own fruition, we did not request a particular ingredient 3.) defeats the point of a "substitution" 
Didn't notice the charge until we left the restaurant, so they may have taken it off had we requested it.On my first visit for a Friday lunch I was disappointed that they were serving only sandwiches and salads.  But, after reluctantly deciding to give it a try anyway, I will tell you that their sandwiches completely erased any no pizza disappointment.
Second visit was intentionally on a Friday and specifically for the BLT.  It is now my favorite BLT in all of Louisiana.  Quality bacon, their own delicious bread, tomatoes that  really do taste like tomatoes and for lettuce, they use arugula.  I used to think I didn't like arugula, but it works fine with this sandwich.  Oh, and they are generous with the mayo -- not grossly, just right.
The sandwich is huge and comes with a side of serveral slices of their home-made pickles which are a treat.  
It's comfortably quiet for Friday lunch; and service is friendly, prompt, low-key, and unintrusive -- just the way I like my solo lunches.  
*Side note -- After learning on my first visit that they don't have Splenda, I simply brought a couple packets with me for the iced tea.  While I appreciate wanting to be  natural, I think that in 2012, it would be reasonable to have a stash under the counter.  For some, it's not about wanting to be unnatural, but could possibly be for medical reasons.  Or maybe they're prone to cavities.  Or maybe using Splenda is one of the few ways they (i.e. yours truly) cut calories.The food is good, but I can eat good food at home. The staff is condescending and the service is terrible. Visit another one of Aldolfo's restaurants, skip this one.Probably the most authentic pizza in town.  The waiters will tell you this, at great length.  However the pizza is indeed the real deal and the quality of the ingredients is awesome. Good regional italian wine list.  They did seem to struggle with service in the early days, but problems were politely and quickly dealt with.  After a particularly long wait the manager sent over the mascarpone and honey desert.  I mention this because I never would have got it otherwise but it was excellent - recommend.Perfect pizza. Hands down. Great thin crust with a delicious red sauce. Not a bad bourbon old fashion also!Garlic fried green beans, bruschetta, Bianca pizza... Pinch me.
This place can do no wrong. Oven baked pizzas, great wine, correct pronunciation of bruschetta...
After an hour and a half at Freret Street Yoga, I need you.Ancora is the only place where my man and I will spend almost a hundred bucks on a pizza dinner and be happy as clams to do it. 
The food is spectacular. Fresh, fresh, fresh, and the ingredients are put together in such a thoughtful way you just can't go wrong with anything. 
Try the sparkling red wine. It is fabulous. Never had sparkling red in my life and I am hooked. 
We ate at the bar and couldn't be happier with the service that the gentleman gave us. He was helpful with suggestions, offered several tastes of wine and beer, and was just a generally nice person. 
I love this place.These guys know what they're doing. The waiter was extremely knowledgable, the pizza tastes pretty authentic and they even have a vegan option. It is a tad overpriced, but I'll give them that one because it just tastes so good. I would only come here if I wanted a reward, or something, definitely not a regular spot I'd hit up. The service was also pretty quick (seating and getting our food), so I'm a bit confused by other conflicting reviews.
Warning. Don't get the pizza with capers on it (I forgot the name) unless you're a fan of salt on salt. Not only are the capers salty, they added salt on the crust. Weird, I know. That's the only negative I have.
Also, leftover pizza makes for a good lunch the day after.Pizza was good to great. We got the Diavolo and the Margherita. Good, chewy crust, bright and delicious sauce, really quality mozzarella cheese. Very impressive.
But the service. Our waiter had not been trained in basic table waiting. I'm usually OK with a no-nonsense, transactional approach, but if you're going to be that way at least check up on me. We had to flag him down whenever we wanted anything. And the pizza took quite a bit of time (over 30 minutes) to come out, which I thought was too slow. 
Also, the wine is a huge rip-off. They serve it in cocktail glasses so it's hard to tell how much you're getting, but it is about half of what you should get at this price point. Cheapest wine on the menu is $9. 
If I lived in this area I would take out the pizza, buy my own wine, and skip the indifferent service.Good food, good service. The server was very patient with us and answered all of our questions easily and was very helpful. We ordered the meat plate for an appetizer. Excellent! We all loved it. We had the Filleti and Diavola pizzas. Both were very good. My only issue with the Filetti was that the crust got a little mushy due to the juice from the tomatoes. Not sure if there's a way to fix that, but the overall taste was great. Fresh gourmet pizza. We would definitely go back!far and away the best pizza in nola: their sauce and cheese handily crushes domenica, they're in an entirely different league than pizza delicious, and most everything else in this town doesn't deserve to be mentioned in the same breath. let me reiterate: this pizza is no joke; as good as many of the best pizzas ive had in NYC, chicago, the west coast, and between. 
sad thing is, it's pricey to the extent as nearby cure, though without a happy hour, like cure or domenica, to redeem it (thereby making it approachable to middle-class folks, not to mention those living in the surrounding neighborhood). i've been here around five times, and only because i haven't been footing the bill. i don't understand why craft microbrews have to be $7-9/pint on freret when the same can be had for half the price in bigger, colder cities.I had the Pizza with lardo and it was deliciously rich and tasty without being overwhelming.  NOM!Just an update, I haven't been back and so you should still check out Ancora for yourself, but having just ate an awesome Italian pizza at Domenica tonight, I would recommend that as an alternative. I have nothing against the people at Ancora, but the pizza is better at Domenica IN MY OPINION. 
I would however like to give Ancora another go sometime. Someone invite me :)Three things you need to know:
(1) The oven has a passport hailing from Naples and being only 1 of 20 stateside.
(2) The dough takes three days to prep so when they're out, they're out.  As such I'm not looking forward to the day when some big budget movie rolls into town, hears about this Freret pizza mecca and orders up the inventory for the day because Brad Pitt or whoever and 300 of his closest friends want a slice.
and 
(3) They have Racer 5 on tap.
This is pretty much all you need to know.  It's an experience you will want to repeat.  Okay, four things.Doesn't seem to be as good as it once was. Service was seriously off and ingredients seem to be a generally lower quality. The Margherita pizza was distinctly disappointing it terms of sauce, cheese and finish. Hopefully they'll regroup and get back on track.First off, I love the ambience of this place. The brick oven in the corner and the bar set up is pretty cool.
As for the food, it's good but not my favorite. I went initially when it first opened and I remember ordering a pizza, I think the white pizza and there was barely any cheese and the flavor was just ok.
I went last night and I got the quattro formaggio which was pretty good. It still wasn't my favorite, but I don't always order that kind of pizza and I really wanted to make sure this pizza had cheese.  We also ordered the Fra Diavolo pizza which could have had just a little more sausage. The chili oil was a nice touch.
the crust is great, i dipped that in the olive oil that was leftover from the bruschetta, also great. 
Their pizzas are a little expensive and I recommend it for people who want oven baked pizza uptown but I still prefer Domenica's and I haven't tried Mondo's.We had a fabulous meal but the staff was even better. The food is creative while creating a sense of home. The freshness of each course was excellent.  I would highly recommend the meatballs and arancini. I was especially impressed by the unique creations from the bar.  Just let them know what you like and they create amazing cocktails that are well suited to your tastes.  Thanks to Bryn and team for an amazing meal.I was very excited to go to Ancora and I was not let down.  We started out with cocktails and then had the anti-pizza plate which is a selection of apps and was very good.  I loved my old-fashion!
The pizza did not disappoint. We ranked the pizza as the favorite was the special of the day, then the Margherita, and finally the putanesca.
I can't wait to go back and try more of the the menu.My family have been regulars at Ancora since their grand opening. Personally, I have only been here twice. The first time was good - It was a damn good slice of pizza and delicious bruschetta, but there wasn't anything that made it extremely memorable. Just enough to recommend the restaurant to others for a place to get some nice pizza in New Orleans. 
However, tonight has been by far the best experience I have had service and food wise, ever. At first their was a bit of a rocky start since their was some confusion with our seating arrangement, and we waited as a number of parties were sat before us. 
Now, my family has a tendency to be...let's just say "vocal" about restaurant misunderstandings (it's a burden i've lived with my whole life so I feel the pain of every waiter(ess)/busser/bartender/owner who have had to experience my otherwise extremely grateful and appreciative parents when it comes to their bad dining experiences.) So when the bartender came over after we had finally been seated and told us our drinks were on the house, we were shocked. I mean they were already so kind with their apologies that we were back to being happy as clams way before even being seated. 
But that is only the beginning. After placing our order of way to much food to begin with, our waiter brought out a complimentary appetizer which was SO good. THEN they accidentally brought us out the wrong pizza that we ordered, and let us keep it, along with our corrected order. Which, again, floored us because they could have very easily kept it in the kitchen for staff (which is what I would have done) or brought it to another table. At this point we are not only sated but elated by the amazing service. At which point our waiter brings out a free dessert for us to try and my jaw just falls down. 
On our ride home my parents told me that they have always had great food and service at Ancora, but this was just impeccable.  
Now these lagniappes probably don't happen that often, nor should they as their food and service really does speak for itself, but we are so grateful for the hospitality and can't wait to come back soon.  Thanks Ancora!I friend of mine recommended Ancora after I told him our preferred style of pizza is Neapolitan.  We love this section of Feret. So many good spots. 
We had to pick up because of time constraints. All their pies are made to order so in the end, it didn't save us much time. We totally could have eaten there. The pies are quick to come out. We ordered at the bar and they were ready in 10 minutes. 
We had a margherita and bianca. There are two types of margherita. A regular version and the DOP version. We got the regular one. Killer. 5/5. Thin crust. Good sauce and big hunks of mozzarella. I can't wait to try the DOP version which I overlooked originally. The bianca was ok. I wasn't a fan and either was Shari V. 
For Ancora, we will definitely repeat. This is my front runner for best NOLA pizza. Cannot wait to try that DOP margherita.I love Freret street and how its being revitalized by local businesses. The Cure, Company Burger, High Hat, Dat Dog and Ancora Pizzeria have really made this street the place to be if you are looking for good food followed by great drinks at the Cure. 
We ended up at Ancora Pizzeria on a Monday night feeling confident that the wait would not be long. And we were right. There was no wait to be seated since half the restaurant was empty- rightfully so on a Monday night. However, we were starved. And I mean S-T-A-R-V-E-D. I had not had a real meal all day looking forward to my pizza and being too busy running around with last minute errands prior to the move. Our server took our order in a timely fashion but failed to warn us that there was only one chef on staff that night given the night of the week and that there were three tables ahead of us. This resulted in us waiting over an hour for our pizza. Had I known that the wait would have been so long I would have ordered a starter to settle my stomach. Anyhow, this was only a slight hiccup as once the pizza arrived it made the wait well worth it and all else was forgotten.
Ancora's pizzas are made from flour, water and sea salt. No commercial yeast is used as they make clear on their website. In fact the dough takes three days to prepare from start to finish. Now that is dedication. The selection is limited but all the better since every single dish uses high quality products resulting in one delicious pizza. Staying true to their name they only serve pizza and a selection of house cured meats. 
The pizza crust was thin, crispy and chewy. It was perfect. There were minimal toppings but all of high quality.  We ordered the Margherita and another one which is not on their online menu. Both pizzas consisted of fior di latte mozzarella cheese, tomato sauce and basil. The second pizza had fresh tomatoes and garlic added to the mix for a wonderful burst of flavors.Best pizza in New Orleans, attractive, cozy setting, great drink menu, friendly service, reasonable prices. Half off many of the pizzas after 9pm is a incredible deal. Get the Bianca, the 4 cheese, and the margarita.Visually attractive, could probably use some eye catchers on the walls, nice atmosphere, very comfortable, full bar.  
Lots of parking in a public lot kitty-corner from the restaurant.  
Service was exceptional.  Immediate attention when we walked in the door.  Drinks were quickly served and prompt followup through out the meal.  
Short menu - not a lot of choices.  Also, you might want to bring your Italian-English dictionary to figure out what they are serving.  
Pizza aficionados - cracker thin crust with high quality toppings.  Great cheese.  The crust is very tasty.  As mentioned above, not a lot of choices.  Didn't appear to be any classic veggie type pizzas.  A very petite pizza, good taste, but nothing that you will be bragging to friends about.  
Meals were quick, probably about 15 minutes from placing an order to having a pizza arrive.  
I'm looking at what I have written - mostly positive and still only three stars.....  I guess it comes down to the fact that there are places doing the same thin pizza theme,  just better.  Slice, Domenica, even Reginellis have equally tasty pizza, great atmospheres and a lot more choices.  
I would have no problem recommending this restaurant if Midway, a couple of blocks down the street, was full.  Does that count as a recommendation?Ancora as some of the best wood fired pizza I've had around the country.  The contorini are all creative and tasty & there's no better way to verify that than to partake in the Anti Pizza Plate (a word play on antipasto).  The thing is a monster in portion size and taste.  It was perfect for our table of four with two pizzas.  Delish dinner!Thanks to Brim we got seated quickly and our server was Suzi...gave us the menu specials and we ordered.   With a bottle of wine we had the house salad and oven roasted shrimp. .also ordered 2 pizzas. .the blanco and Margarita. .qow..dough was perfect and toppings were perfect.   A wonderful dinning experience and we were very happy.I'm keeping my original 1 star review because I haven't been back to try it.    Just wanted to update and mention that I noticed that their website now has the info on the limited menu on Fri and Sat.Excellent place to eat, away from the tourists and away from the 1.5 hour wait time.  I'm sure it will work itself to being that famous. Everything was great, the service the Italian soda and the food!  We had the charcuterie and it was delicious.  We also order the burrata and it was fantastic, the only bad thing was that I had to share it!  Last we order a pizza, Diavola, it was perfect, just a bit of spicy.  Still everything was great!I've heard complaints that dissuaded me from trying Ancora sooner.  I can only speculate that all issues have been worked out.  Nothing was less than stellar.  The cocktails were well crafted and nuanced.  The cured meats were some of the best I've enjoyed.  Everything else was fantastic as well.  Service was helpful, friendly and efficient, a flawless dining experience.PROS:  
Great Freret street location. 
Interesting toppings and offerings. 
Great happy hour prices, including a late night one that offers 4 different pizza options for $7 each. 
Quality ingredients. 
Pretty atmosphere. 
CONS:
One small round of salami on each slice of pizza. Very chintzy. 
Crust had mediocre flavor, and had no crisp to it at all. 
Mid City Pizza remains my favorite.After 9pm they have certain pizzas at 50%.
Not the best pizzas, I really need more cheese you know... and a more sharp tomato sauce. However their dough is very good and their drinks are on point.The place is great. The waiters and waitresses are very friendly and the  Diavola with a fried egg is awesome.  I have been here many times and will continue to go.I'm very picky when it comes to Italian food, but ancora really takes the cake. Their burrata bruschetta is mind blowing, their pizza is delicious and their cocktails are spot on. Kelly has been our server twice now and she is a rock star, even when she's busy. Love this place.The anti-pizza plate is amazing. Seriously. Everything I've had here has been great if not amazing. The Diavola pizza is so on point. The wine list is a bit tricky since everything is Italian and I have no idea what most of them are. Not to worry though because the staff is super friendly and knowledgable. Great family place, too! Will continue my weekly visits!This was recommended to our party by Chef John Currence. And it did not disappoint. The pizzas were so delicious. I haven't been to Italy myself; however, others in my party had and they believed it all of the food tasted true to the region. The house made sodas were delicious with fresh squeezed juice. I made mine "Adult" and added gin per the waiters recommendation. Also, the daiquiri was unlike anything I've had before. A cup of shaved ice and the. A separate cup of the rum and juice to mix to my liking. This place was outstanding. I will definitely return.Hands down best pizza in New Orleans. Also try the meatballs, aranchini, gnocchi!The pizza was very good. I ordered the white pizza and the crust was awesome. Their pizza is not even comparable to Papa John or Dominos.  I usually refer to food of this quality and price as an "Upscale Pizza". Quality over quantity!First time in since they are only open for dinner, but it was worth the wait! Candace our server was the best...so fun and friendly, and spot on with her recommendations. Do go with the recommended wine pairings! The Enzo Diavolo was amazing and had an awesome kick. I was so into it I didn't snap a pic! If you love pizza from an 800 degree brick oven, give this a try.My friend who is of Sicilian heritage went with me to Ancora. Of course, he knew that any pizza he had in the U.S. would not come close to what he had had in Italy. However, he said that Ancora is the closest to what he had in Italy and therefore, the most authentic pizza place in the city. 
I've read Ancora's pizza rules on their website and their goal is to produce a product that contains simple and fresh ingredients. The toppings on a pizza are unimportant if the dough and sauce are not done correctly and Ancora does both very well. Their dough is very simple, no oil or added ingredients. Just flour and water mainly. Their sauce is also well done as it does not overwhelm the pizza. All their pizzas have very few ingredients, not ten things thrown on top like some places.  It is a little pricey compared to other pizza places but I look forward to going backFood: 5 stars
Service: 3 1/2 stars
I'm very conflicted when it comes to Ancora, but one thing I know for certain: I really like their food.
What got me looking like (-.-) really?... was that we called right before we went, and were told that the wait was 15 to 20 min. Then when we got there, it changed to 25 min as we put our names down. Actual wait time: pretty much an hour. So what happened? Well, they passed us up when it came to our turn for a table because apparently they couldn't find us... even though we were sitting at the bar and didn't move since we sat down (and the bar wasn't crowded so we were in plain sight). When we asked what happened, a little argument ensued because the guy insinuated that it was our fault that we couldn't be found because he checked where we were and didn't see us. I don't want to bore you with the details, but let's just say that 1. I hate waiting, and 2. I hate it when people play the blame game.
What saved our meal, in addition to our food, was our waiter. I love it when people are extra helpful! I wanted hot water because I was hella cold, but since they didn't have hot water, the waiter poured water through their coffee maker without grinds to make hot water (brownie points for makeshift plans that totally work). Plus, we got a complimentary dessert for the miscommunication earlier about seating.
Drinks:
-homemade plum italian soda [sweet and tart and fresh; totally recommend it!]
-Ancora Old Fashioned [I'm not a big drinker, so I can't really judge fairly]
-chilled cello [post-dinner alcoholic beverage; definitely packed a good punch]
Food:
-anti-pizza plate: HIGHLY recommend! Good deal, variety of everything, satisfying! [bruschetta, house-marinated olives, blood sausage, meatballs, fried risotto ball with mozzarella inside, eggplant stuffing, shrimp, etc.]
-filetti [I think...] pizza and pizza of the day: fresh ingredients, savory, crust is different [kinda tasted like my mom's Chinese-style wrap things haha]
-homemade apple pie [buttery crust, apples cooked nicely, nice end to a meal]
P.S. Bring your own SWEETENER for iced-tea if you choose to order it!Sit at the bar everytime I come. Excellent service. Food is amazing as are the drinks. Would take anyone here. Great atmosphere.Best Margarita Pizza I've ever had. The double meatball pizza was swell as well. Thank you Dale Fontenot for all your help today. My kids are going to love  this food.Yummmm. Some of the best pizza I've ever had! We tried the Maria (gorgeous), the Bianca (dee-lish) & the Diavola (pretty good).  We also had the "little bit of everything," which included some sauteed greens, white beans w/ lardo, olives, 2 kinds of bruschetta (my favorite part) and some house-cured smoked meat.
The bartender was a little flustered when we arrived... a barback would be a good idea, since they offer a pretty full bar and some interesting cocktails. As some other yelp-er mentioned, the wine is a little on the pricier side. I'd like to see them offer more by-the-glass affordable options.
We'll definitely be back!Fantastic pizza made in wood burning oven. Absolutely the key to great pizza is the crust, and this place does it perfectly. Thin, perfectly done with simple toppings. Absolutely great!Pretty good. Nothing amazing. Service was ok. Soggy crust. They only have expensive beer.Some of the best pizza in the city.  easily top 5.  very fancy.  awesome beers on tap too.  i really really like this place when i want pizza but not low quality stuff that makes you feel kinda gross.  this place is great.  
my lady got a salad but it sure didnt look like a salad.  just roasted veggies and it was awesome.  i really liked it and i hate salads.  
high quality place on all fronts and in a good location of town so you can go out afterwards.Ancora is a great addition to the Feret St Restaurant Scene! Great Anti Pizza plate with housemade meats and sides.Had a great lunch today. The cheese, sauce and salumi on the pizza were outstanding as was the crust. Great beers. Now open Sundays. The server obviously was interested in providing great food sine he was knowledgeable.This is not just my favorite pizza joint in town, it's my favorite restaurant.  The pizzas are all made with 00 flour just like in Italy and couldn't be closer to the real deal. That said, don't overlook the anti pizza plate, it's a tremendous bargain. Oh and the cured meats are all made in house, don't miss the blood sausage. I could go on, but suffice it to say you should try Ancora if you haven't already.Authentic flavors, great variety and I love that the menu includes some Italian cured meats and imported wines.
Pizza was amazing. I will be back for sure!When I first tried this place, it was okay.  However, it's grown on me. 
We started off the some of the contorni - the flavors change daily, and they put them up on the wall at the back. The burrata bruschetta was delicious - they brought out three big pieces, which is nice for sharing. The arancini was delicious - perfectly cooked. Is there anything worse than uncooked risotto? Well thankfully, this wasn't. 
The pizzas were good. We got the Filletti (Finletti?) which was AMAZING.  The ingredients (which I believe are all local - they have an aside of their menu) were so spectacular. The tomatoes were sweet and delicious. We also got on of the other pizzas, which was fine. Just a pepperoni pizza. 
All in all a good experience.We rented out the space for the rehearsal dinner for our wedding. The food was amazing; traditional pizza with Italian (and Italian-inspired) appetizers.  The boudin ball and meatball combo was particularly memorable.  The staff was expert in both execution and service.  The drinks were generously poured and delicious.  Inside, the space is somehow simultaneously intimately personal yet comfortably spacious, even for our party of 40.This is the best pizza place in the city. Read their "pizza rules" and you'll see how much care they put into making an authentic Neapolitan pizza. I've had similar pizzas at other places but the dough is never quite as good as Ancora.First of all, really fantastic space. Very open and stripped down, doesn't strike you as  a place you'd typically find in NOLA. Great vibes. However, my (first) dining experience tonight was meh, although I think I just need to come back and try something else. We split the Margherita pizza, which was just OK for me. However, I also don't know how big of a fan I am of European-style pizza.. I kinda like the heavier American stuff better! We also got the house salad, which again was meh - I personally don't like romaine leaves though, so that might be why. There just wasn't anything special about it, although to be fair it WAS just the house salad. Although the croutons on it were really delicious : ) We also ordered the pancetta gnocchi, which we hated - we sent it back because we didn't want to eat it, it was too salty and slimy, and the waitstaff were really cool about that!I had a glass of red wine as well, and our total (sans gnocchi) came to about $34. I'm not in a hurry to come back but I definitely wanna give it a second chance sometime. Also, my pizza-adoring friend highly recommends this place, and I definitely respect his pizza opinion, so I think I have to try again before I make a final decision. They appear to have addressed the previous Yelper complaints about their waitstaff, because our waiter was attentive and nice, and the manager came by to check on things as well.I had been wanting to try Ancora for a few months now. So after a couple days of leftover  Thanksgiving turkey, I decided to stop in. I was at first put off by the limited menu.(This is not an Italian eatery, It is a pizzeria. My bad.) The service was polite. The atmosphere was hip and relaxed. The choices on the menu seemed to be limited. I really enjoy a good hearty, rustic, meaty pizza. As I read the descriptions, I could not find one... SO...Since I'd already been gorging myself on holiday feasting, I decided to go light and chose the margherita pizza and the market salad. The market salad (roasted beets, pistachios, strawberries, and Gorgonzola) was really good. The Pizza was disappointing. Now no, I've never been to Italy, and I've never sampled pizza in Naples, so I'm not saying "I KNOW GOOD PIZZA". But I do know what I like... And I didn't like this...  The outer crust was unseasoned and really charred for my liking. The inner crust was soggy and limp. The sauce tasted like it came out of a can.... Very disappointed, since it's two blocks from home... Don't think I'll be going back...This is the best pizza I have ever had. I always get the pizza with marscapone and arugula. The last time I was there it wasn't on the menu because the chef could not find fresh lettuce. I requested one without the lettuce and with as much marscapone as possible. It's still fabulous even with out  the lettuce. The crust is very thin and absolutely delicious! I highly recommend this restaurant!This is hands down the best gnocchi we have in this great city of New Orleans!  Pizza is amazing too !This place is 2 blocks from my house and I have to say that makes me very happy. They opened up not too long ago and have a minimalist trendy kind of industrial theme going on which seems to be increasingly popular nowadays. 
The first thing that caught my eye when I walked in was their wood burning pizza oven decorated with small tiles. This made me even more excited because I know how wood fire cooking really enhances the flavor of pizza by giving the crust a slight char that makes it taste authentic. 
I used to work at a small bakery back in Georgia and we had ovens that have a large door for baking entire racks of sheet pans for making things like hamburger buns, etc. and we also had a large deck oven for cooking more artisanal loaves. A few times we made pizza just to eat at work and it tastes good coming out of a commercial deck oven which is how I believe most pizzas are made but it lacks that smoky flavor that comes from the fire. 
I went for dinner with a friend during their 'happy hour' that starts at 9 p.m. where pizzas and select cocktails are 1/2 price. It was a little surprised to see the place had very few people in it which always makes you wonder.
I ordered the marinara pizza, and I found it unusual that it actually did not come with cheese, you have to pay extra for that. I have never heard of a pizza with out cheese. However, it was not much and it is not a big deal I was just surprised and think it may only be that way for certain pizzas. Also, since it was 1/2 price even with extra for the cheese and tip it was still very affordable and an good deal for the quality. 
Speaking of quality, it is one of the reasons that prompted my friend and I to try this place. They use local ingredients and are very transparent about who they get them from (check out their website) which is a thing I wish more restaurants did. 
The service was friendly and the server was attentive and knowledgeable. Our pizzas arrived quickly and were pretty filling, I took a few pieces home. The pizza I ordered, the marinara, came with tomato sauce, garlic, and oregano to which I added mozzarella. The amount of toppings was spot on but I do wish that my crust had been just a tiny bit more crispy but all in all it was good. 
There are two major things I really like about this place: 
1) That they have a relatively small menu which to me means they are not trying too hard but care about doing a few things really well instead of a ton of things average or even below average. It also makes choosing what to order much easier and probably has the effect of streamlining communication between the kitchen and the front of house. 
2) They are a local business, have a good deal during happy hour, and they tell you where they source their ingredients which is rare these days.Ancora has the best pizza in New Orleans- hands down!  Actually, the best pizza I've had in the US.  Every time I eat here, I'm transported back to Italy with their homemade crust, house cured meats, and delicious cheeses.  Don't miss out on the arancini either.  Delicious!!Best pizza I have ever had! The service is great and the food doesn't take that long to be prepared and brought to the table. I strongly recommend this place.So I had friends in town who have been to New Orleans quite a few times and they wanted go some where new. I heard about all the new stuff on Freret St. and decided to check it out. I had the Brooklyn Ale, a pizza, forgot fancy name but it was delicious, and the most amazing pate salad. We had a party of five and were accommodated nicely. Our waitress was super friendly, attentive, and even funny. I think Ancora might make it into my restaurant rotation.Another fantastic pizza and glass of wine, everything is so unique feel like I'm in southern Italy ok maybe not but damn close the Pizza diavola is exceptionalDelicious NY style pizza! Authentic and delicious. Got the bruchetta appetizer and Margarita pizza. Favorite pizza place in NOLA. Highly recommend!!!This is the best Pizza in New Orleans! It takes 3 days to raise their dough and then it is baked in a wood fired oven. The topping choices are lovely, I especially like the Meatball Pizza topped with fresh arugula!  Then there is their charcuterie. Always a lovely board with all the extras like pickles and figs and honey. Everything is made by loving hands and you can tell b y the taste!Wonderfully delicious and different and quality food. Great atmosphere in a trendy-yet-casual, well-lit space on Freret with insanely amazing service.  I just can't say enough about how great the experience was. 
We went for our first time thinking we can get a light dinner for relatively cheap. After a short wait (surprisingly packed) with an extremely attentive hostess and waiter- keeping us updated and comfortable- and after a cocktail from the bar (amazing "alpha ginger"! Good selection of presecco or bourbon cocktails and a great beer list) we ended up excited to eat a bunch. 
The "anti-pizza" is wonderful. Their olive oil is on point. Homemade cheeses and salamis are even better than they sound. Bread is insanely perfectly charred/toasted. Plus the everything else that comes with it..,,,, I want to eat this every day. 
Italian wines are sooooo gooooooood.
There's a board explaining the top tips for authentic Italian rustic pizza. They abide by the rules. Not burned tasting (ahem..,,other fancy trendy thin crust pizza joints in the city.........) and plenty of quality toppings and cheeses. We were not disappointed. 
Can't wait for more. Thanks Ancora!This was a hard review to make, teetering between a three and a four. I bumped it up to four because the ingredients were very high quality, they had some very exciting menu items, and the ambience of the restaurant itself was lovely. Still, I probably won't go back, which, to me, is usually something I consider when placing my reviews. 
We had a puttenesca pizza, which is usually the type of pizza I really like. It was good, and our eggplant appetizer was good, but just not knock-my-socks-off good. 
That being said, I'm a fan of very saucy pizzas. The kind that fall apart. The pizza here just wasn't my thing, but something not being my thing shouldn't be the basis of a Yelp review. 
The friend I went with on this visit has been wanting to come here since forever, and he fell in love with it. He's travelled the world and has much more sophisticated pizza taste than I do, and he would probably give Ancora five stars. He raved the entire way back to his place. 
This is DEFINITELY a place you should go if you live in NOLA. I'm glad that I added it to my pizza tour of the city. Service was spot on, there were quirky little touches to the decor that I loved, and it's in a very accessible part of the city.Diavolo pizza and arancini are outstanding. Ancora's old fashioned is very good too. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the place is really loud and acoustics could be tweaked. Delicious.I would say that this place more of a 3.75 star rating. Very great service and friendly staff. Recently I took a trip to Rome and I tried Neapolitan pizza for the first time. I instantly fell in love and did not want to come back to "American pizza". 
Ancora, so far is the closest to the slightly crispy, chewy crust that I had back in Italy. The only thing that I wish was that the pizza sauce was a little too acidic for me. Maybe it is the type of seasoning or the type of tomatoes used in the sauce that can be adjusted and it would be perfect to the pizzas in Italy. 
I would love to come back and try the other pizzas and give a review update.Tried to go to Ancora on weeknight and arrived an hour before close only to be told they were out of pizza. I asked how can a pizza joint be out of pizza and they said they messed up the dough. Not very impressive!!!The best pizza I have had outside of Naples. I've been to several "Neapolitan style" pizzerias in the states, and ALL have failed to live up to anything close to what I experiences while in Naples, Italy. Ancora is the exception. The food is ridiculously good, the ambiance is casual and great for adults and children. Definitely give this place a shot!Holy cow! This place is awesome!!!! Cool vibes, great service, impeccable food!! We accidentally stumbled into this place last weekend and it blew me away!
I used to work in Naples, Italy and the food there is so so good. This is the closest I have gotten since I moved back to the US a few years ago. They use the most amazing ingredients, if they aren't local, then they are imported from Italy. I would recommend ordering only from their specials board. You will not be disappointed!
Some of the items on the menu do need a little bit of translation. Don't be afraid to ask questions, the servers are really friendly and happy to explain. 
The pizza is amazing. It is made on an oven that was inported from Italy. You can pay a bit more to have the real deal Italia Buffalo Mozzarella. We ordered the gnocchi and it was literally perfect. I wouldn't change a thing. We also had the Arancini (stuffed rice & cheese balls which are coated with breadcrumbs and fried). It came served on fresh tomato sauce with a big basil leaf. 
Amazing date night experience at Ancora. Will definitely return. Not the cheapest pizza place in town, but your tastebuds will thank you.Came for happy hour and was really excited to try their pizza as friends who have been here before hyped this place up. We ordered a bunch of various pizzas and while they were tasty, they weren't amazing. Most of the toppings slid right off the crust and it's a bit bothersome to me to eat the crust and then use a fork to eat the toppings afterwards. Neapolitan pizza is my absolute favorite pizza in the world and this place just fell short for me. I appreciated the wide arrange of pizzas, but felt they were lacking in options to customize. 
Service, was absolutely great. Everyone here is so nice and accommodating. We had a party of 8 and they seated us fairly quickly during a friday night.Tempura broccoli.... Yes Lord. . . 
Meatballs.... Is it legal to marry a meatball in Louisiana?
Arancini....I love you more than Matthew McConnaughey. Pizza, I am your humble servant. 
I will be having fantasies about eating in this restaurant until the end of my days. I think it's reasonable to drive from Little Rock to New Orleans for a meal here. Drive. There. Now.It's not so often you walk into a restaurant wanting more. On a random Tuesday I walked into Ancora and the place was packed. I started with the Affetati and I was sold, all their cured meats are made in house. Possibly, no wait not possibly, their cured meats where some of the best I have tried outside of Italy. The best was the sanguinaccio, it was outstanding. Then on to the pizza......I travel a lot for business and I make it my business to try the best Neapolitan pizzerias around the country. All I can say is Ancora is a "must" try. I made the haul from the French Quarter and it was well worth it. The owner makes all the pizzas himself and the staff is outstanding. They are aimed to please. If you are ever in NOLA visiting make the trip to Freret Street to Ancora Pizza, you will not be disappointed.I was quite impressed with the Neapolitan Pizza! The best in the city. If you do not know what Neapolitan Pizza is, and if you have never been to Italy you should not comment. This type of pizza is the closest to Italian Neapolitan. If you're seeking NY thin crust and/or Chicago deep dish this is not the place for you. Go somewhere else. Again, you should not post negative comments if you've never been to NY, Chicago, or Italy and experienced pizzas from those regions.
Thank you Chef and your team!!! Amazing Neapolitan Pizza!I'll start with the bad and end on a good note.
Went here on a Saturday night around 7:00, which I'll agree is prime dinner time. I called ahead to see if they took reservations, which they don't.  When we first walked in (group of 3), we were told it would be a 25-minute wait. There was one table that was completely cleaned and open, with no one seated at it. This struck me as a bit odd.
We sat at the bar and ordered drinks while we waited. The bartender got to us eventually and took orders from my friends and completely ignored me. I do look young, but he didn't even bother to address me, as I was standing AT the bar staring at him. I had to have a friend order my drink for me, and then he finally started to address me. His drinks were fantastic. I had the Ruby Red Toddy (I believe it was called) and it was delicious. Not sure I'd pay $10 again for it, though. Also while at the bar, we got to take a peek at the stove imported from Naples. That thing is a BEAST. Very beautiful. 
Almost immediately when we placed our drink orders, another table opened up, was cleaned and menus were placed. We waited and sipped our drinks, and about another 10 minutes later, they seated us at that open table. I think they could do a better job being quicker about seating people. Up until this point, I was a little uncertain and the people seemed pretentious.
Once we sat down, though, all of that went out the window. We stared at the menu helplessly until our waiter came up to us. He was great, asked if we had ever dined there before, and we all said no. He explained the menu for us, saying half was on the chalkboards. 
We ended up getting the Anti-Pizza Plate which was a bit of everything for $20. It came with a wide variety of food, and was perfect for 3 people. If you have 4 in your group, it wouldn't be enough, but that's just my opinion.
We tried two pizzas: Maria and Diavola. Both were delicious. The cheese on the Maria was so hot it was literally dripping off, it was very creamy. The Diavola could have had more salumi on it, but it was still very tasty. The food came out pretty quickly and we had our drinks to tide us over during breaks.
I would suggest you give it a try and try not to be turned off by pretentious atmosphere.  
And one final note, they need some ARTWORK! The walls are almost completely bare.FINALLY! A traditional neapolitan pizzeria. I sat by myself at the bar. I wanted pj it Grigio but that was not available. The bartender nailed recommending one of their wines. I wanted to order so many things but decided to keep it wit a classic margherita pizza. They nailed it! I'm been to Naples and I know how that pizza is suppose to look and taste- and they crushed it!!!! Moving to New Orleans from the northeast, I just assumed good pizza was not an option until I had theirs. I cannot wait to go back and try everything! You must go, especially if you can appreciate that type of pizza. A couple next to me ordered a few of the specials and I was envious. I overheard them raving about the dishes.The more I think about Ancora, the more I really liked it. 
I am not a pizza snob, more of a pizza slob. We tend to order Papa's once a week and break out the Tabasco, homegrown banana peppers, and ranch, yes I defile my pizzas with a ton of ranch. 
Back to Ancora...We were going to get it to go so we could marathon watch American Horror Story's The Coven, but I begged that we stay in and eat. The space is expansive, with a great big window similar to other businesses on Freret.
We received our menus and the beer menu, were told specials were on the wall, and left to decide. We were kinda hangry, so after deciding, we're like, "yo where'd our buddy waiter go?" but I think it was the hunger pangs slowing down time between menu receiving and ordering. 
We scooped up an order of the Lardo Bruschetta, which the waiter was kind enough to let us know it wasn't cheese since some peeps think it is. It's strips of  fatback cured with herbs. It seemed to be very very thin on our Bruschetta, but I loved the taste (though unique and kind of hard to explain) and it was great to dip the rest of our bread in the special app, Arancini Balls; fried rice and cheese balls with a marinara sauce underneath. Open these up before biting into since the cheese is like molten delicious lava. 
Then on to our pizza, the Diavola. Wait till it cools just a little or your toppings may slide off. Coming out, it doesn't look like much since it's 12" and a thinner pizza without being New York size(#pizzarules) but the flavor is so much more rich than what you'd expect. The salumi packs a lot of flavor in the little slices, and is just enough on each piece. Robert joked about them having ranch, but we did request red pepper flakes. The waiter (who was on point and informative after the hangry wore off) said he would bring the pepper flakes, but also suggested a chili paste that he though might go better with the flavors. This attention to complementary condiments to their menu items is a huge plus to me. We ended up not using the flakes at all and putting the chili paste on our pieces (sparingly, because it is quite spicy). 
I thought this was the perfect amount of food, and well priced for what we ate. I think next time I will definitely have to complement my pizza with a glass of red wine. While I still love my Midway across the...way, these pizzas are night and day, and both equally delicious in their own right. 
 Diavola: Spicy Naples Salumi, Fior di Latte, Chili and TomatoGreat pizza & antipasti in a contemporary yet casual atmosphere. Ancora is one of Adolfo Garcia's latest offerings on Freret Street. Ancora serves authentic Italian wood-fired pizzas, house cured meats, and other side dishes. The restaurant is a bit sparse by design, with a bar along one wall and the beautiful pizza oven in the corner. The service is fairly informal and DIY (find your forks & knives in the can on the table).
I started off with an Aperol spritz, one of my favorite Italian cocktails. It was refreshing as always but my favorite version is still at A Mano. In order to fully experience the menu, my friend & split  several dishes. We ordered the bruschetta (changes daily- ours had nduja with pickled onions & pepper), whipped ricotta, stuffed heirloom tomato with anchovy, garlic, and mozzarella (the contorno- side dishes- change daily), and the pizza special of the day (Swiss chard & bacon). I drank two glasses of wine with my meal- a nice white, following the waitress' recommendation (all of the wines are Italian). Everything was delicious, with great flavor. The pizza was very good, although maybe not quite as good as the pizza at Domenica. I thought the drinks were REALLY small for the price. Otherwise, it is moderately priced and a reasonable value. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal.
If you are on Freret & craving authentic Italian pizza, head to Ancora.A visit here was a reminder of how long it had been since I'd had a legit Neapolitan-style margherita, and how much I'd missed it. If you haven't had the pleasure, the salty taste with a bit of char on the crust, the crust deliciously crisp on the outside and soaked from the fresh mozzarella on the inside, and the bite of fresh basil will probably win you over.
Their menu is quite short, so if you're not up for the margherita you'll only have a few options. I wasn't enthused with the daily specials and such they had on this occasion. I was, however, pleased that on a quiet night my pizza was made in less time than it took me to read through the menu and decide to order it (with a good oven, Neapolitan style cooks very fast). All in all, I was satisfied.This is hands down the best pizza in New Orleans, even better than Dominca.  My wife is from New Haven, pizza capital of the U.S., so I've become sort of a pizza snob.  Ancora is the real deal.  We only wish they served a fresh vegetable salad every day.  They always have a market salad, but the veggies are usually fried.great specials after 9pm - salty food = good but not amazing and im too old to wait till post 9pm to eat
We ordered 4 pizzas for 5 people after 9pm when they are half off.  I like the margarita pizza but most of the others had meat on one without cheese was everyone's least fav as it was strong with the herbs and garlic.  It was ok pizza but really salty for my taste and I chugged a gallon of water after eating.We had a very good pizza at Ancora. Pizza has thin crispy crust and there are a lot of well paired choices. We started off with the meat board which also was very good. 
Interior of restaurant is nicely decorated and a good view of the huge pizza oven. Service was good and we'll be back.This was my second visit to Ancora and I enjoyed both. We started with the Arancini. I liked how crispy the outside was. The inside is just rice, and it is served on top of sauce. We asked for extra sauce. It was good but next time we go, I will try the meatballs instead. We split 2 pizzas: the Quattro Formaggio  and the Diavalo. They were both delicious. The pizzas were bigger than expected, and my husband and I had leftovers to take home. I definitely recommend Ancora and will dine here again!I sat at the bar and the service was mediocre at best. There was a person practically choking near me and the bartender barely noticed -- and the person had to ask for more water. The pizza is pretty good, but not really my style. The cheese/sauce was kinda watery and literally slid off the crust on certain slices. However, the crust itself is excellent -- soft and fluffy but with some substance. I'd give the pizza 1-10 a 7.6? Pretty decent score. If you like that Neapolitan-style pizza then you will enjoy it.And now, for my most equivocal review ever...
Ancora did one thing well for me: expensive artisanal pizza. If you go expecting exactly that, you won't be disappointed. If you want to pay $20 a person to be full or if you want to be dazzled with flavor, maybe hit up Reginelli's or Theo's instead. If you want to pay $20 a person to eat pizza the way people in Italy have apparently made it for hundreds of years (because that ALWAYS means it's good, right?), get thee to Ancora!
Also, it was Friday night and the bartender was a huge tool. I'd trade twelve imported ovens for good service pretty much any time.Probably the best Italian style pizza I've had on this side of the Atlantic. As a pizza connoisseur (some would say pizza megalomaniac..), I critique a pizza by trying first the standard Margherita pizza, followed by a specialty pizza. The pizzas at Ancora will rock your world, and not only did I eat to satisfy my stomach, I ate continuously to satisfy my taste buds. The Margherita had a wonderful savory taste, the mozzarella was of supreme quality, and the undertones of sweetness from the tomato sauce shall send your taste buds in a ride for the ages. Ancora follows traditional Italian standards for their pizzas, and if you find yourself in New Orleans, this place is a must -- for anyone who appreciates a bite of pizza.This place is so underrated, the drinks are great and THE PIZZA IS THE BEST OF THE CITY. Prove me wrong, I'll wait. 
Told you.FINALLY! A traditional neapolitan pizzeria. I sat by myself at the bar. I wanted pinot Grigio but that was not available. The bartender nailed recommending one of their wines. I wanted to order so many things but decided to keep it with a classic margherita pizza. They nailed it! I'm been to Naples and I know how that pizza is suppose to look and taste- and they crushed it!!!! Moving to New Orleans from the northeast, I just assumed good pizza was not an option until I had theirs. I cannot wait to go back and try everything! You must go, especially if you can appreciate that type of pizza. A couple next to me ordered a few of the specials and I was envious. I overheard them raving about tjeWorst pizza and service ever!!! Shrimp was fishy because it was not cleaned. I placed an order and 12:10 because I was on lunch break and when asked how much longer they had forgot bro make it. Received a raw pizza.My husband and I went to this restaurant because a friend told us that is kid friendly. However, the diavola pie was not good or spicy at all. The burnt edges tasted super gross. The market salad was good, but the blossoms were only deep fried. Very simple salad for how expensive it was. We are not coming back.A lot of reviews here complaining about the service but I had no problems. Pizza came out very fast and the staff was very friendly. I had the margherita pizza, and it was definitely the best I've had anywhere in New Orleans. Only pizza I've had that I liked better was in New York. Also not too pricey at only 12 dollars a pie. I definitely plan on going backQuality restaurant -- everything made on site, even the Italian Sodas.  I wish they served non-Napolitan Pizza I would go back.  Loved the crust; what was on top, not so much.
We had the Margerita and Bianca, and as others have said flavor was bland-ish to my plate though quality is obviously high for a pizzeria.  The margarita pizza does have runny sauce.  However, when I was in Rome and had pizza at a neighborhood place I was surprised to find the sauce there was like this also.
The gnocchi with cream crab sauce ($14) appetizer was delicious.
Gnocchi, 2 pizzas, 2 cocktails were $66.  Nice to try if you have a little extra cash on hand!
This food is clearly a cut above but not the traditional pizza fare.  I would definitely return if they added more traditional pizza to the menu, keeping the same delish crust and perhaps a few more inexpensive items.  That way you could go either way.Not only is Ancora consistently slinging out the best pizza in the city but they're also real friendly.
Their pie is second only to the pizza found at Mercato Centrale in Florence.Excellent Place to get an authentic Neapolitan Pizza. The food was superb and the staff were super friendly. I was surprise how big the pie was (you can split it for two people). Will definitely return ASAPThe Enzo Diavola is my favorite pizza here. The chili oil is the perfect amount of heat. Their in house made Italian sodas are fantastic if not addictive plus they're open for lunch now too!Every time I visit New Orleans, I try my best to make a visit to Ancora. The first time I went, I was in love!
The pizza comes out in perfect time, so the service is great...consistently too! Love the Arancini because it's fried perfectly and I'm usually able to split it between 4 people. For the 4 of us, we normally order 3 pizzas. Margherita is a classic, and Ancora makes one of my favorites. The other two pizzas I love are the Enzo Diavola and Quattro Formaggi (all cheese for you vegetarians!). Sometimes the crust gets a bit more charred than I would like, but I still give 4 stars because I just dip that crust in marinara (which you can ask for a side of). 
Can't wait to come back for more :~)Everything is made from scratch, the service is super attentive. Must try the shrimp appetizer! And the desserts are usually great as well.The food at Ancora was delicious. I'm not a huge fan of thin crust, Neapolitan style pizza in general because it usually leaves me hungry, but the pizza here was so good that I'm more than willing to ignore that. They've got an awesome oven in the corner, and all of the pizza comes out of there in a very short period of time. Similarly, their bartender is awesome. Presuming their is more than one, the one that was working when I went was great, deliberate, and precise. Watching him mix my drink was almost as good as drinking it.
The decor is modern without being pretentious, the tables worn without being dirty. If there was a single thing I'd say negatively about the atmosphere is the high ceilings, which are really high. It may just be me particularly, but high ceilings in a place tend to feel awkward. I doub tit's something they could really control, but regardless, it's a little thing that I'm not  a fan of.
Overall, Ancora makes really good pizza, but is not quite my cup of tea. While I enjoyed my experience, and would gladly go with a friend if this was what they were in to, its just not my thing. That said, I think it's a great addition to the booming Freret St. and would recommend it to any pizza connoisseurs in the area.Two recent visits to Ancora have me hooked!  The service has been consistently 5 stars.  I love all the food I've eaten there too.  
My hands down fav drink there is the Kalimocho(sp?) cocktail with red wine and I *think* Italian cola.  Sorta like a bitter sangria vibe, it's so good I can't branch out and try something else.
I suggest ordering a few apps and then splitting pizza.  For the 3 of us, 3 apps and one pizza were plenty!  The beurre gnocchi is buttery and light and made from scratch- the best gnocchi I've ever eaten. The fried brussels have been a special on both visits and should be incorporated into their regular menu!  Honorable mention to the buratta tomato bruschetta.  Yum.
We had a special pizza last night with asparagus and spring onion.  It was good but the toppings were haphazardly thrown onto the pizza with some slices having one or two bites covered, and mostly crust.  That would be my only complaint.  I get that they were busy, but evenly distributing toppings is pizza 101.  They of course get a pass because of the flavors and freshness of everything.  
Bonus points for lots of vegetarian options.  See you soon, Ancora!Got the special which was a supreme pizza. They made it pretty quickly. It was pretty good. Ingredients were high quality. Little more burnt than I prefer but might just be how wood burning ovens are. Staff was also friendly. Would recommend!Best pizza in town. Late night happy hour special brings me in a lot. Only complaints are drinks are expensive (there should be a $3 pbr) and there's no tv at the bar. I would love to watch a game there but im guessing there's no tv to keep it a chill foodie atmosphere.In a word... gnocchi!!! Ancora's gnocchi is on fire! The entire staff is so awesome and great pizza, drinks and specials ! I love this placeI stopped in here by myself for the first time on Monday night. The bartender was extremely accommodating. He helped me create a beautiful vegan pizza. He even had the kitchen add the shaved brussels sprouts that are not on the regular menu but we're on the special of the day. He also helped me pick out a nice red wine to go with my pizza and my appetizer. I am very happy with his service and I will return. I did not ask his name but the receipt said Bart at the top.THE BEST pizza uptown! The ingredients are fresh and great quality, and they have a unique menu! The gnocchi is a must-order. We also tried the olive oil and black pepper ice cream which was great.Ancora's is easy to pass by. Luckily we did a double take and saw it. It is off the charts awesome! The attention to detail from the cocktails to dessert were unique and delicious. I can't say what was my favorite item. The fresh farm to table salad was not an ordinary salad by no means. The pizza from the custom brick oven was phenomenal. The ingredient combinations that were offered were so yummy!! The home made ice cream with the delicious light merangue type cookies were heaven!!!
Do yourself a favor and try this place.
My new favorite!!
P.S. I love the staffHands down the best pizza in NOLA! Have been coming here for years and everything is always consistently excellent, including the service and staff. The Bianca (white pizza) is addictive and would also recommend the Italian sodas, all of the apps (but the gnocchi, arancini and meatballs are favorites) and also any of their creative dessert options (especially the ice cream). When the Maria is on the menu (pizza with arugula, mascarpone and prosciutto)- get it! They take their pizza seriously and it shows!This place has the best authentic pizza napolitana. Wood burning pizza oven, great atmosphere, great service...the best in town.
Jose GarciaFirst time in NO stopped in for food and a drink and it didn't disappoint. Owner was awesome great recommendations were on point. Pizza is a must try authentic and very good. Would definitely stop by again.The pizza was great! I really loved the crust, it was flaky on the outside and soft on the inside! My bf and I loved the atmosphere and the staff was wonderful! We forgot our leftover slice on the table and our waitress ran out and chased us down to give it to us! What amazing service! I definitely will be returning!This is my go to pizza place in New Orleans. The wood fire oven give the dough this crispy but chewy texture that just works. My favorite is the sausage and margarita pizza. They also have homemade ice cream/ gelato. The service is very New Orleans, welcoming and the staff is very conversational.This was a recommendation from our Airbnb hostess, who said this was a cute little spot for dinner or drinks. We walked from our Airbnb, which was nice to see the little shops and bars along the street. 
Our waitress was absolutely incredible. She was funny, had a great personality, and kept us laughing the entire dinner. We of course gave her a hearty tip!
My boyfriend and I both ordered the Margherita pizza. It came out almost immediately and was piping hot! We are from NY, so we are picky with our pizza... but this was very tasty! A little thin for my liking, but I enjoyed it. I would definitely recommend this spot for a light dinner, some casual drinks, etc.Place was extremely underwhelming and overpriced for what you get.  I wouldn't give my money to them again.  Trash.