Heard a lot of hype about this place, but from my experience I can tell you it wasn't worth it. When I went in to the store they only had one type of cannoli in the showcase and the filling in the sfogliatelle that I got was completely dried up. Maybe I'll give it another chance but I'm not going to go out of my way to go to a place that serves old pastries.I have had gelato at many different places in New Orleans.  The ambience is amazing.  The staff is always friendly.  I've been going there for years, and I never get bad service.  Only good service.
And the gelato.  I'll be honest. Brocato's bought gelato to life for me.  I love it.  My favorites are Tiramisu, Rum Custard, and much more.  It's a must visit. 
And I promise, once you go once, you will be addicted to this places.I loved everything about this old school spot.  The desserts and the spumoni were fantastic. They also had Roman Chewing Candy which I had been looking for across the city.There is a reason that this little Italian bakery is the best restaurant in New Orleans.  Everything is amazing.  Tira mi su, gelato, hot chocolate,  cheesecakes, & pastries... You cannot go wrong.   
The spumoni is a must try.  Don't be afraid of it!
   There is almost always a line.  You may have to park around the corner or down the street.   It's worth it.This local gelato place has so much character! I love how the inside is old time-y and very quaint. Really brings out New Orleans. Gelato here is very good and fresh. The flavor is so different from what you'd get elsewhere. The pastries are so delicious as well! My favorite dessert is the spumoni, which consists of various flavors of gelato wedged into a single slice (kind of like cake). Definitely come here if you're craving for something sweet. You won't be disappointed.Amazing gelato for a decent price. The large, which comes with four flavors is around $5. If you get the small, you get to choose two flavors. I got the hazelnut, the strawberry ice, the mocha, and a flavor that tasted similar to banana. I got to try the pistachio and it was pretty good too! If you're looking for a delicious, decently priced dessert place, I definitely recommend going here. Each gelato hit each flavor right on the dot, the mocha flavor tasted just like a cup of mocha coffee and the hazelnut was perfectly creamy with pieces of hazelnut in it. I am in love with this place!If you don't eat anything else sweet in New Orleans, you MUST visit Angelo Brocato. 
I would happily park a mile away and wait in line forever for one of their cannolis.  The napoleon is equally out of this world, along with the hazelnut gelato.  
Cannot wait to come back to enjoy this special place again!Cannoli please!  They fill the cannoli when ordered so they won't get soggy. They are so good, I am drooling while typing this review!  Also, don't forget to pick up a pint of Italian ice.  I like the lime, but they are all really good. They have other assorted desserts and ice cream.  My husband likes the tiramisu, too.Angelo Brocato is a great place for everyone that has a sweet tooth. 
The place is cozy and although I know nothing about traditional Italian places, it seems pretty legit to me. They also have one of those pretty impressive mega coffee machines.
I have tried the gelato, tiramisu and eclairs.
I really liked all of the things I have tried. The cantaloupe gelato was my favorite.
The staff was not necessarily super friendly, but I did like the place a lot.
I would go back when I visit NOLA again.Came here twice on my trip to New Orleans. Both times the service was top notch they have just about one of everything Italian dessert wise. First time tried some Italian ice cream cakes and wow perfect on a hot day. The cannolis were amazing two kinda of filling vanilla and chocolate dipped in pistachios. Will go back anytime I am in New Orleans. Glad I found it on YelpStopped in last week after grabbing some tacos next door -- lured in by the promise of authentic spumone and the scent of nostalgia. 
Feeling inspired by the season, I, like the reviewer before me, went for the Pumpkin Gelato.  it was AMAZING.  Pumpkin-y, but not overwhelmingly so-- with a delicate balance of cinnamon and spice.  My boyfriend had a slice of Spumoni which he thoroughly enjoyed.  Also, the prices were very reasonable. 
Can't wait to go back to try the almond cheesecake, a cannoli, or whatever it is that's shaped like a swan.A large cup of gelato gets you four flavors (four scoops)! It's only about 6 bucks so it's a great deal that allows you to sample what you want, and it's a lot of gelato so definitely get it to share.
My boyfriend and I got coconut, tiramisu, rum raisin, and stracciatella. All four flavors were great. Probably one of the best gelato I've ever had! 
We also split a mini cannoli. They make it fresh behind the counter when you order it. The cream filling was super rich and decadent, and the cannoli shell was just the right amount of crunch and thickness. Probably also one of the best cannoli I've ever had! 
The other desserts on display all looked really cute and I would definitely visit again to try some.One of the best dessert stops around! No complaints. Excellent service and even better products. Must try!Best gelato ever!!  Ride the tram up to Carrollton and then walk  2 blocks. The line is out the door. Everyone I talked to said it is the best in New Orleans. We went 2 times in the week we were there. Worth the trip.We always stop and get our Cannoli for special occasions! 
Service is always good, love everything 
Best in city !No trip to New Orleans is complete without a stop to my favorite little shop. I was so full before I arrived, I could only grab a coffee, gelato and mini cannoli. Always worth the hassle of the drive from another part of town and circling a few times for a parking spot. I almost bought a to-go cannoli kit.... but I didn't have a cooler on me and I had hours to drive still.  I forgot to ask for a cannoli without the chocolate (personal preference from a childhood in central NY), but it was so delicious, I didn't care. The interior is so cute I wanted to sit and rest with a cup of coffee for hours.I luv This Place, one of my favorites! Im glad my ex introduced me to it lol. I cant tell you whats the best here bc honestly everything they have taste good. Its Definitely a place to try after lunch!I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! 
Through hurricanes and all the place has not changed one bit and that is what makes it so perfect. The cannolis, gelato, coffee, macaroons, Italian cookies are some of my favorite treats, which makes it very hard to pick just one or 2 items per visit.  
I have memories of coming here as a kid after school and ordering a spumoni and cafe au lait (I had very advanced taste buds at the age of 6), some of my best childhood memories. I guess that's why if anyone doesn't like this place I instantly cast them as unlovable and eliminate them from my life.This place is amazing if you haven't been here you are missing out big time clean freshest yummiest sugary Italian sweets ... People are nice clean bathrooms cheap prices ... I had the best time cannot wait to go back ... It's worth having to walk or drive around until you find a place to park ..I have always really enjoyed the ice cream here.  Great selection of ice cream and gelatos to choose from on a hot day!   The atmosphere is great as well.Even though I only recently moved to the city, I have been coming to New Orleans for over a decade now. I was kind of shocked that I had never heard of Angelo Brocato until this pass weekend. So Sunday was my first time getting gelato and some other goodies at AB and rest assured it won't be long until I go back. They have perhaps the best selection of gelato in the city and a plethora of Italian goodies, such as homemade canolies, spomani, and other pastries. They also have the coolest espresso machine I have seen in a while to satisfy your caffeine cravings. The staff was helpful and friendly and the price point is spot on for the quality of the desserts and beverages. The only drawback was the line that was monitored by a police office that only lets people in the building when there is enough room, in other words, it was packed! Very good Italian dessert venue which I highly recommend.Cannolis!!  Cannolis!!  Cannolis!!  These are amazing.
But FYI, you are stuck taking the canal streetcar afterwards, unless you have a car.  We needed a taxi & it took us almost an hour to get one, despite calling 3 different cab co's.I absolutely love this place. I'm sure somewhere in Italy there are better gelaterias and pasticcerias. But there aren't that many in the U.S., and very few on the level of the 110 year old Angelo Brocato.
Every time I go I get a gelato, and every time, a different suite of pastries. They're all perfect, mostly traditional, and with all of the favorites you might expect.If you notice there's always a line out of the door here, there's a reason why. Such a classic spot in Mid-City. Their cannolis are just beyond belief delicious. The only bad part about coming here is trying to decide what to get.Stopped by for a snack while exploring mid-city.  Was really impressed by the quality of gelato and baked goods.  I lived in Italy for a few months and everything tasted similar to what I had there.  Got the straciatella, which was nice and chocolaty! 
The best thing I got was the sfogiatelle, which is a shell shaped pastry with a sweetened ricotta filling.  This was one of my favorite things to get when I was in Rome and they are difficult to find in the states.  We went into Angelo Brocato for the gelato, but when I saw this pastry I had to try it and I was not disappointed! I was brought back to Italy when I took the first bite! Delicious!!!One word: Gelatoccino. It's a cappuccino with a scoop of your choice of gelato plopped in. It's my normal order when I go to Angelo Brocato's in Mid-City. 
From Gelato to pastries to coffee, this is the place to go to have a delicious dessert. Sure it's not as frilly-looking as Sucre, but who wants over priced Gelato from there when you can get far-superior gelato for a better price here. I love going to Brocato's and hanging out with friends, sitting at the cute little old-fashioned ice cream parlor chairs and enjoying my favorite desserts. It's a great neighborhood gelato joint that won't put a huge dent in your wallet like some other places.Absolutely delicious !  Everything we had was amazing. Gelatos were outrageous...Baci had so much crushed hazelnuts, pistachio was fresh and nutty, strawberry was seedy and aromatic, chocolate was creamy yet not too bitter, Spumoni was a wonderland. Then we got to the pastries...almond fig, coconut macaroons, tiramisu and rum cake. Sugar Heaven !One of the best cannoli's I've ever had. From NYC, staten island, south florida, and even Italy, this ranks as one of the top in my book! Excellent tiramisu! Parking is tough and when I went there was a bit of a line. It would not stop me from going back. Great spot!! Can't wait to try the gelato!My favorite ice cream parlor in New Orleans!Just by reading through the first couple of reviews I can see that the highlights have been hit, so I am going to lay down an insane compliment.  Here goes:
When I move out of New Orleans, Angelo Borcato will be the only place that I will miss on a regular basis.  
Sure I'll pine for other places every once and while, but it's like Angelo Brocato sat me down at some point in my life and asked me what my favorite things about dessert are and then just said "Sounds good to me" and built his cafe to my specifications.  
Print this out and order this when you go in
Espresso 
Almond Crescent cookie (x2) 
Pistachio Cannoli (x2)
a qt of Gelato
fig cookies (x12)
dead man's bones (I'm actually not crazy about these, but I love the way they look)
Then take these items to some other trendy dessert spot and eat them in full view of everyone else there.  They will be so jealous and you will be the dessert winner.We were only in NOLA for four days and we went here twice! It's that good!
Their cannoli, spumoni, and baked Alaska were really good. They have other stuff on their menu I couldn't pronounce properly but I'm sure they're delicious. Will definitely try them when we come back. Make sure to drop by here if you're in the area!Delicious gelato! Love the atmosphere! Definitely a family favorite! Recommend to be patient because the lines can tend to be long at times.i ordered a cone with white chocolate almond gelato and it was AMAZING , i of course had to try a cannoli because i heard this place was known for their cannolis. Truth be told, i don't like cannolis and this one didn't change my mind. But that's not their fault it's just not my thing. I'm from out of town and it took a while to get to this place but i'd do it again for their gelato.This is a small dessert place and it's a great place to stop by after going to the art sculpture garden especially walking in that heat. These desserts looked delicious! My boyfriend and I decided to stop by here first before dinner. We decided to try the rum babas and the tiramisu gelato. To be honest, I didn't expect it to be so sweet. I wish it had less sugar, but I really like the rim babas. It had a very unique texture that's not similar to other cake. Maybe its due to the syrup or rum. I recommend trying the dessert that you never try before! It will be worth it!In the torrential downpour, we got of the cable Car past the Walgreen's drug store and wandered to Angelo Brocato Ice Cream, the famous gelato eatery near City Park. Angelo Brocato was on my NOLA hit list for a while now not only for gelato, but for their Italian pastries.
There were so many flavors to choose from including amaretto, praline, pistachio almond,  baci, coconut, and apricot.Angelo Brocato pastries including cream puffs, Baba Rhum and napoleans.
The cucidati and fig cookies were absolutely amazing. They were either plain, covered in sugar glaze, rainbow sprinkles or almonds.
Cucidati is an Italian fig cookie and the better version of the Nabisco Fig Newton. Boy have I been missing out. The soft, lightly sweet fig filling with a crumbly lightly sweetened exterior.
Roman candy is like a harder taffy candy rolled in wax paper, which comes in ice cream flavors vanilla, strawberry and chocolate. 
Peach gelato was THE BEST gelato I have ever eaten. The peach flavor was so fresh and a genuine bite of summer.  I felt like was eating a perfectly ripened, sweet peach.as u step into heaven... u stand upon a floating cloud til it tis your turn to order..then they ask may i help u..and hard as it is to hold back and scream "I want one of ERETHING U GOT in DIS BIATCH" u get yaself together and politely ask for a small pistachio almond gelato & baba rhum & step to the side - they hand it to you & ahhhh u  stand with that glaze over your eyes which they sense and ask..would that be all..and again though u want to put on your best Samuel L Jackson voice and scream "I said I want one of ERETHING U GOT in DIS BIATCH" u humbly say ah no thank you - pay & walk away satiated..only to hear the person behind u yell..."I want one of ERETHING U GOT in DIS BIATCH"I came here for the gelato and got something that resembled it.  I did have the real thing in Italy, so I know what it should taste like: bursting with flavor.  Can't speak much about the other desserts.  Service is great, but if you have ever had the real thing, the gelato here will leave you underwhelmed.   No bueno. :(Best cannoli in New Orleans! The pistachio gelato is even better! This place is a must try for any tourist or local. The inside is so cute and makes you feel like you just stepped into a bakery in Italy. I always feel guilt free after eating because everything is just so light and delicious. Writing this review makes me realize I need to go here today. 10/10 you must try and become a regular.osso dei morte, the All Saints Day cookie that translates as "Bones of the dead." They can have almond, lemon, anise or cinnamon flavors.  Brocato's cookies look like bones.
Italian Strawberry Ice - made with Ponchatoula strawberries.  Delicious.  (Just missed out on Blood Orange Ice.Scene: one ice cream loving, napoleon-munching, cannoli-craving MAN (late 20s, certified "snack cat")and his VEGAN PARTNER (me, also a certified "snack cat") walk in to ANGELO BROCADO (a parlour of delights right out of the movies). They've been before, when the VEGAN wasn't allergic to dairy. The MAN once went every day-sometimes twice-before they lived here. CASHIERS hum and buzz behind the cases.
MAN: It's cookie time
VEGAN: I'm not getting my hopes up
/a sigh/
VEGAN: I hope you enjoy whatever you get
/looks lustily at a sprinkle fig cookie/
VEGAN:Maybe it'll just be coffee for me
CASHIER: Hi! What would you like?
VEGAN, dismally: Is anything vegan?
The CASHIER consults a heavy tome, pointing out one...after another...after another...and more? Biscotti, dead man's bones, even those sprinkle cookies?! It's enough for a real plate of cookies!
VEGAN: I'LL HAVE THE LOT 
MAN: And a custard ice cream please :3
SCENE
tl;dr Ask what's vegan and you 100% won't be disappointed! Make sure to get a coffee with your biscotti, it comes in a perfect sized cup to be an afternoon lift.So many yummy choices in desserts! We got the Neapolitan that they had just set out in the display case. It was layered with puff pastry and custard with an icing on top. We also had praline gelato and pistachio gelato! Both were great!I am not the first to say this place is amazing, and I won't be the last.  The gelato here is amazing- I had the Praline flavored one, and I think the people with me were jealous that I ordered it when I let them try (don't tell them though).
I ordered a few cannolis (chocolate and vanilla flavored) for the group, and wasn't as impressed as I remember in the past.
The atmosphere is great here.  They have little chairs with a heart-shaped design  and cute round tables which make the experience that much better.
Be sure to go.Awesome Italian sweet shop, reminds me of the shops on Arthur Avenue in the Bronx.
Cannoli, cookies, spumoni, gelato, cappuccino, latte ... They got it all.Hands down the best Napoleons and gelato in the city! My husband comes here 2/3x a week to get Napoleons! Amazing. Keep up the great workHands down the best cannolis in America! We've been eating here for over 30yrs and we keep coming back!  There's nothing here that's not wonderful!Great gelatos! I've been complaining about the éclairs in this city a lot... Brocato makes them just right.I've been going to this place since I was a child. Great memories. I love it and always will! Their gelato is amazing, and I'm obsessed with their cannolis! If you haven't been, try it out! It's a whole experience to visit.This is the most darling place. The gelato/espresso is amazing!!!!!! The cannolis are also wonderful. My favorite part was seeing all the locals enjoying their treats and reading the newspaper. Perfect for a Sunday afternoon.I almost don't want everyone to know about this amazing gelato. We hit this place for dessert after a delicious dinner at Venezia. The seasonal flavors are a must!What can I say....truly New Orleans landmark.  It's italian gelato come on how can you go wrong.This is one of the best places to get desserts in New Orleans. Honestly, the only thing that keeps me from going weekly is the 40 minute bus from my house. I loved the mint gelato and my tiny chocolate cheesecake, and it's fun to browse the adorable little desserts. 
Unlike Sucre, where the deserts look excellent but taste just okay, Angelo's are better than they even look.Amazing place about a block from where I live. I really don't go there enough given how close it is. Only tried some of the ice creams and tiramisu so far, but plan on going back to work my way through the other delights. Although it is really very good, I think I prefer Creole Creamery for ice cream, but only just. That's no reason to not go to Brocatos though.Giant proportions of delicious gelato
ORDER:
Tiramisu gelato - small - in cup
$3.50 inc. tax
The cup was filled with a tall dollop of gelato towering above unlike so many gelato/ice cream places. And I savoured every spoonful of it! The tiramisu had a nice rum and coffee taste to it, and there were big cubes of soft ladyfinger. Yum!
If I came as a group, I would have loved to try to baked goods. They looked delicious!
AMBIANCE: Warm (not temperature-wise), open Italian-styled palor with garden-like tables and chairs. There were a few outlets along the walls, so I managed to squeeze in an hour of work. It's very peaceful (not noisy at all) around 3 pm on a Wednesday. They took credit card, which is great. No wi-fi.
SERVICE: Fine
VISIT DETAILS: Great place to spot after checking out City Park, esp. on a hot day, as was my case.The desserts worth 4 stars, and we are adding 1 star unofficially because we saw John Besh there. 
The cannoli was awesome, the best I've ever had. And we got the spumoni and another small cup of gelato. They were all awesome. While enjoying our sweets, we also enjoyed seeing everyone place their attention on seeing John Besh. We saw him on food network, but never thought we would see him in reality. He was there as a customer enjoying gelato with his family. He talked to almost everyone in the store too....don't know if it's him knowing everyone, or everyone knows him. 
I wanted to go back for a second time for the cannoli before leaving NOLA but there was no time to do that. I am missing the cannoli already.Nice little "old New Orleans" place in Mid-City. Friendly people, great coffee and delicious desserts. Gelato is a must-try. Italian pastries to die for. Go on an off-day, or you're spending time in line.Two words: Spumoni Cheesecake. Two more words: Get it! Seriously, I love the vibe, love the gelato and the spumoni cheesecake is to die for good. The first time I went there with a coworker and the spumoni cheesecake called to me. I didn't intend to have anything, but it spoke to me. I got it to go and proceeded to shovel huge bites into my mouth while I was finishing up my work at 8 p.m. on a Tuesday night. I had to apologize to my coworker because I fully intended to share with him, but couldn't stop myself. Sigh.OMG!! SOOOOO Good! My only complaint is that I didn't get enough before headed back home to Houston.  :(
I love you guys! Everything was so yummy!I wish I wasn't so full so I could have tried more things but I had to squeeze in a little dessert after a large lunch on my last night in New Orleans. I didn't like the cannoli...it was kind of hard and the filling was whatever. I'm not usually big on cannoli in the first place so i'm not sure why I got it. I loved the gelato however!If anybody tries to tell you this is not THE best ice cream in New Orleans, they are not from New Orleans. Angelo Brocato is an Italian gem that has thrived for many generations here, and they are worth all the hype. Whether you like authentic New Orleans pastries, gelato or traditional ice cream, you won't be disappointed here. They absolutely have the best chocolate ice cream called St Joseph's chocolate Almond. It may be the most delicious chocolate food to ever grace my pallet. I adored it so much when I was pregnant, that whoever made up a pint for my friends picking it up for me, always asked if they were bringing it to the pregnant lady. Yes, it's that good!After a walk at City Park, the rum raisin and caramel cafe au lait really made my day. The flavors were rich but not overpowering. This is definitely a place to check out if you have time. Added bonus: There was no line when we went! 
This is right off of the St. Charles Streetcar line. Makes a tourist's life easy =)I love everything about this place. The tradition, the recipies remind me of my childhood. The italian ice is always refreshing and some of the items can't be found anywhere else like the spumonie.Very old-school Italian-style bakery. Hubs and I went for gelato (because we eat ice cream everywhere we go) and cannolis. The cannolis were pretty good; ricotta is not really my thing, so, it wasn't my very favorite, but you gotta have one, right? The gelato was disappointing. Hubs had chocolate hazelnut that didn't taste much like hazelnut; I had praline, which... meh. It really just tasted like okay-quality butter pecan. 
I also felt like we were bothering the lady who helped us, and I hate feeling like that when I go somewhere. I wanted to get a beverage, but I didn't want coffee; however, our service was curt bordering on mildly hostile, and I didn't want to ask her if they had water for sale. I ended up walking down to the Walgreen's afterward. 
This is a NOLA staple, it seems, but as an out-of-towner who didn't grow up coming here, it left a bit to be desired.Angelo Brocato's harkens back to a different era. You can miss the antique espresso machine that glimmers with shinny cooper as you order your gelato. Great spot for a quick treat and a good place to reconnect with the past.5 stars every time! the cannolis are so divine. brought 4 home to see my parents and they devoured them. we tried the roman candy and it was too tough for my teeth... I also had a latte which was very tasty.Cute little place. Nowhere to sit outside and enjoy frozen treats and they "don't do toppings here," I was informed when I asked for chocolate chips for my sorbet. Three flavors of sorbet were available for dairy-free kids, but coconut gelato is sadly not dairy free.After driving by this place hundreds of times, seeing long lines time after time, and reading awesome reviews, I finally decided to give this place a try. Did not disappoint!! I ordered the Spumoni which was Devine. Perfect combination of pistachio, chocolate, cherry, and vanilla. My husband ordered the Sicilian pistachio nut gelato which gave us instant foodgasms. I'm salivating as I write this review thinking about it in fact. Overall, Angelo Brocatos definitely lived up to everything I had heard. Next time I'm feelin like a fatty, I will be paying them a visit.Love this place. It is a part of my childhood memories. My family every year for Mardi Gras gets a box of their awesome canolis. They are the best I've had. I was surprised when I went to Little Italy in NYC and was disappointed because they weren't as good as Brocatos.
You should also not miss their espresso (pressed, not steamed) and gelato. Just note that seating is limited, so you may need to take it to go!A solid 5 star sweet shop! Wish I could come here once a week, just for the gelato.Its everything I want in a bakery - friendly service, amazing bakery, and (very important) high quality coffee.  Had the anise biscotti, almond paste filled pastry, oh yeah and they make their own cannoli shells.  Of course we needed one of those too!
I have never experienced perfection in a bakery like I did here.
I believe they are closed on Mondays so just remember that.  Worth the trip, they also sell gelato, but I could not quite justify that for breakfast :-DGelato was great, but Torta Della Nonna was pretty good too. It tasted a little like lemon meringue, but it was more solid and filling. Plus it had a sweet subtle taste to go along with a crispy crust. The crust definitely was excellent, one of the best I've had for any cake or custard. While gelato is good, I can't say there's a significant difference that separates this place from other good gelato places. That said, you can't go wrong here.The atmosphere of this place is perfect..old school Italian ice cream parlor without being cheesy. The service was fantastic even tho they were super busy. My boyfriend got his fave: spumoni, while I got the cassata (spumoni with cake and candied fruit pieces). The boyfriend also got a double espresso. He was impressed with their espresso machine (it is really pretty). I can't wait to go back and try some gelato and cannolis!I thought these Cannolis were excellent. We stopped at an Italian place close by (which was terrible) and they were out of cannolis. I was disappointed at first but it lead me to Angelo's, which provided a delicious 1/2 and 1/2 cannoli better than what I coulda had anywhere in the area. Fantastic cannoliHad a little time to kill  before the Blue Man Group and needed something sweet to wash down the burgers and rings i had eaten earlier and having had the treats before it was an easy choice. Nothing beats an almond macaroon and a canolli.It's a great place to visit and watch the locals come and go. Places like this make this a great city to visit since i don't live here but wish i did!!!I wish I could give this place 10 stars - Brocato's makes me so happy! It's not just the delectable desserts, either - the friendly, homey atmosphere makes for a wonderful date night spot or a place to grab a coffee with friends. Plus Brocato's has firmly cemented itself as a New Orleans staple - my parents, who grew up in the 50's, fondly reminisce about getting strawberry ice or spumoni as an after-dinner treat.
Hands down, my favorite is the chocolate stuffed cannoli. They make these fresh when you order them! Which is particularly awesome because I always ask for extra pistachios. The spumoni is also awesome - it's like a gelato sampler. My gramma loves the baba rum cake, so I always grab her one of those. For real, Brocato's is absolutely one of my favorite places in New Orleans.I originally came here in search of legitimate gelato and was pretty much impressed. Brocato's gelato is very flavorful,  still a little heavy and a little sweeter than necessary, but overall it is pretty damn good.  The panna cotta and the fruit flavors are really stand out, as are the traditional flavors like hazelnut and fior de latte . (I suggest getting the panna cotta and the strawberry together). The real show stoppers here are the pastries, which are so beautiful and tasty.  I try to get something different every time I'm in. Even the little cookies (I am looking at you, almond macaroons) are something special, especially when enjoyed with the espresso.  I do think this espresso is out of this world; sometimes I stop in just for that.  This is really a fabulous place for sweets; we often take out of towners here after dinner for dessert.  It is casual, cute, and a nice place to get a bunch of different items for everyone to try.   I am not from New Orleans, but the quaintness of this place totally wins me over.  Highly recommended.Gelato and sorbetto that's worth a trip for. Fortunately, you can take the Canal Street trolley to Carrolton and walk a block-and-a-half to this is a beloved New Orleans business that's been around for over 100 years (and they have t-shirts that have that fact on them). There's a reason it's been around for that long: good products at a fair value. Evenings, this place is packed with a line going out the door. If you go earlier or later in the evening, there is a shorter wait but anytime it's worth it. Besides, life is too short and who's to say that you shouldn't have a little Brocato's before dinner?
Frozen treats aside, they also make an incredible almond horn that's the size of a horseshoe with almond paste inside pastry, covered with sliced almonds, and dark chocolate on the ends. On my previous trip, I brought one back for a friend at work to share with her mother; the next day, she said that it was so good, she would pay me to go back to New Orleans to get her another!
Well, everyone has to have a goal in life and so I'll have to try the Italian Ice sometime.What a lovely spot! The gelato's were good, but the real star in my book was the cannoli.I can't add much to the reviews that hasn't already been said. Amazing service, and everything is delicious. I wanted one of everything in the cases! We ordered tiramisu, spumoni, cannoli and baci gelato. Fiancé enjoyed the gelato the most while I loved the spumoni. It was a tough choice though since literally everything was delicious perfection. I most certainly will be back!This place is amazing. I was stationed in Italy for a couple years, and this is the only place I have found that has gelato like I used to get there. My wife got a cannoli, which was great as well. The fact that they didn't put the filling in until ordered was nice and definitely separates them from a lot of other bakeries.
It was pretty busy when my family and I went, but the line went very quick. If you're eating in keep an eye for open tables because they were constantly taken.
I will definitely return to try all the flavors and the coffee as well.When you see a line out the door at 9p at a little Italian pastry and gelato place, you know something special is going on inside. I'm lucky enough to live about two blocks away from this local gem, and it's never lost it's magic on me. When you get inside of A. Brocato's, you will immediately notice the smells of the authentic freshly prepared pastries and other delicacies put out daily. That will only make the experience of actually tasting their treats that much better. I typically don't get the pastries but go directly for the creamy and delicious gelatos. Their flavors are always exotic and delicious. Don't miss out on their rotating seasonally themed flavors. It's also one of the few places I'll actually sit down to eat too. I just like the atmosphere and looking around at the happy people. It's hard to frown when you're working on a sinful cream cannoli. A must try place!as we ate our way through New Orleans and it's ice cream places we of course had to stop here. this was by far my favorite :) it was beyond delicious. I wish I could go back and will for sure if in the area again.Do you know how to tell if a trendy dessert spot worth going into is in New Orleans? If the NOPD IS DIRECTING THE LINE JUST TO GET INSIDE, go in.
The first time I tried going here that's what happened. Plus there was nowhere to park. I left, not really knowing what I was missing out on.
The next time I was lucky and scored a spot up front next to that shady Mexican place. A very drunk guy coming out of that place stood way too close to me and made my guy get very protective, very fast.
These things should not deter you from going to this dessert heaven. Cannolis, cream horns, eclairs, cookies and any other yummy dessert you can think of awaits you here. 
Parking may be a challenge and shady people may be coming out of the neighboring shops, but a trip to Angelo Brocato is totally worth it.One of a kind! Cannot make myself to go anywhere even though I live in another part of the city. My travel is always worthwhile. Their Chocolate ice cream with roasted almonds are divine. Almonds are so perfectly roasted with tons of umami. One time I was not happy to receive sufficient amount of almonds in my ice cream and the fantastic girls, who work there immediately remedy the situation. The employees are amazing. Coconut macaroon is out of this world. It is light, not overwhelming coconut and appears to be low fat. Delicious. I am avoiding to get fatter, which is the only reason I am not there more often.The best tiramisu I can find in New Orleans, very moist and reasonable price. They are busy most of the time I was there so the line is always long sometimes to outside. It's a good place to get a little dessert after lunch and hang out with friendsI'm sitting in my dorm room right now and craving Angelo Brocato's. If anyone wants to overnight me a cannoli, I will send you much love.
Anyone lucky enough to be in the area, make sure to go here. The gelato, cannoli, and I'm pretty sure everything else in the store are just magical.This place is good. I often see a line to get in and now I get it. Fantastic...I went with a group of people and we all sampled each others desserts. Each one was amazing. Spumoni, gelato, cannoli, macaroons. EAT IT ALL!Had some king cake flavor and praline scoops of gelato. Cute atmosphere with lots of small tables.Great bakery and gelatteria. Truly a gem. The highlights were the freshly made cannolis and the holiday-flavored gelato like the Roasted Chestnut--so rich and creamy.If you want gelato, and beleive me, you do; you'll want to go to Brocatos.  The best.  Spumoni, espresso, gelato, ambiance.  This is a place I don't mind waiting in a line out the door.I love their ice cream, maybe even better than Creole Creamery. I got Baci (Italian Chocolate and hazelnuts) and Italian Chocolate Chips in a small cup (~$4).
I also got mini-canoli which was pretty tasty and goes great with coffee. I also tried a slice of tiramisu cake. It wasn't too sweet, great balance of flavors. 
They close on Mondays!I just love it so much I needed to add.. before Adam and Eve I'm pretty certain God was like, hold up.. I gotta create the cannoli for my people! And then he created Angelo Brocatos. Amen.After reading/hearing rave reviews about the Spumoni ice cream on Yelp and from local recommendations-it was pushed to my #1 priority dessert place to try in New Orleans.  We came here on a Tuesday evening and the line was already out of the door.  We had quite a few questions-but the staff were so patient and accommodating.  I'm very impressed with the spumoni ice cream-it really lives up to its high expectations.    It's a combination of some of my favorite flavors.  The sweetness is just at the right level and not overpowering.  The texture is ultra creamy.         We also tried other gelatos...but the Spumoni ice cream is all I can mesmerize about.I can't believe there are ONLY 6 reviews!
I also can't believe no one has commented on the Italian Ice!!!
We used to live around the corner from this establishment and Mid-City New Orleans staple.
My addiction is the Strawberry Italian Ice. My husband LOVES the Lemon and Watermelon flavored Italian Ice. I love the Mango and Raspberry and Blackberry and Lime. mmmmm
and the Shnozberry...now I'm just kidding, although, Willy Wonka would be delighted to taste these Italian treats.
The only ingredients for the Italian Ice are fruit, sugar and ice. Seriously.
There are seasonal flavors too. Lime is one of them. 
You can view the seasonal flavors on the chalk board behind the counter.
Call them first to check their hours.
We make a stop here every time we return home.
The Italian Ice is a lactose-intolerant person's dream!First time here was yesterday. There was no wait, luckily. The staff was helpful and the pastries were amazing. Got a mini cannoli and tiramisu. The cannoli was perfect, the tiramisu could have been slightly better (it was in the form of a cake slice versus the traditional) but it was still really tasty. Will definitely be going back soon!ridiculously good gelato.  for serious.  
i recently visited and got two special flavors--panna cotta and pumpkin.  in the LARGE size.  yes, i am a glutton when it comes to something so deliciously tasty.  at 5.45 usd, i was well sated.
there were some beautiful pastries in a case adjacent to the gelato, but since my intestines lay siege on all wheat products, i had to just stare at them ~longingly~.  
servers behind the counter are efficient and fast.  tip jar at the register if you want to be nice.Been coming here for years and haven't been disappointed yet! Then again, I cannot vouch for anything other than ice cream because that is my go-to...This is the spot for your gelato cravings!
This place is authentic, and the environment shows its authenticity, and the has the right to reserve its spot for serving over 100 years!  The gelato and pastries here are awesome, when in town, I always take an effort to make a trip here, its hard not to!Get the Spumoni!!! It's so so delicious!! Got some other cookies haven't tried yet, almond chewy, alone ricotta Cookie and Black Forest cookie.
The Black Forest cookie is delicious!Awesome italian desserts and coffee! Their gelato and local seasonal flavors of italian ice are the best in town. Don't be discouraged by the line at the counter; it's a NOLA tradition that's worth the short wait!Angelo Brocato not only has wonderful gelato and sorbetto but also some very good Italian pastries as well. Chocolate almond horns, 2 kinds of fig cookies (with color sprinkles and without), individual Baked Alaska slices, and cream horns are just some of the treat choices I've enjoyed there. Plus, there aren't too many ice cream stores that sell a t-shirt exclaiming that the business has been around over 100 years!Hands down the best cannolis in America! We've been eating here for over 35yrs and we keep coming back!  There's nothing here that's not wonderful!After catching Jon Cleary's early set at Chickie Wah Wah on Tuesday, I was pretty tired and was headed back to the church dorm where I and fellow volunteers were staying but first, a quick stop nearby to Angelo Brocato. Some of my friends attending the show also wanted to go back but were willing to stop at Brocato, and many had gone with me to the Uptown Creole Creamery the night before.
Angelo Brocato is a long-standing New Orleans Italian ice cream and bakery that I've frequented on my 18 trips to NOLA and have always managed to bring friends there with me. I usually bring fellow volunteers on home rebuilding projects here who have been on previous trips that included Brocato but there are usually a few newbies to not only NOLA but Brocato as well. Luckily, they are neophytes no longer. While Angelo Brocato doesn't have the variety of flavors that Creole Creamery does, the ones they do have are all solid choices. We all enjoyed our various gelatos and sorbettos, and I finally got around to trying one of the Italian Ice flavors - lemon; it was sweet and slightly tart with great lemony flavor. 
It was rather funny talking to the young lady who served the Italian Ice because I mentioned to her that Angelo Brocato had been a New Orleans business for about 106 years and she said that it had not been around quite that long, only for 111 years. 
I will continue to return to Angelo Brocato for both their ice creams and pastries no matter how many years they've been in business, and bring friends along as well.After having lived in Sicily for three years I have been constantly disappointed with America's version of gelato, but judging by the pistachio nut gelato I can say it's probably the closest I've had to authentic Italian gelato.What a cool place it's like stopping back in time.Watermelon and Cantaloupe ice is out of this worldAngelo Brocato bakery is the best of its type I've ever visited. The variety should satisfy everyone. Try the chocolate eclairs.If I update this review from birth until I or Yelp is done on this earth, I can't believe I'll ever rate them less than 5 stars. If for some reason I had to, it would probably break my heart. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place.
Yesterday, was St. Joseph's Day and when fellow yelper, Lindsay A and I were talking about dinner, we didn't know what we wanted but we knew we wanted dessert here. We wandered in (and there wasn't too much of a line!) and ordered mocha gelato and a blood orange ice plus we each got the special for San Giuseppe Sfinge, which was puff pastry with cannoli cream with a cherry and candied orange. So much goodness. We got to check out their altar (which is much smaller these days than I remember it in the 80s) and enjoy all the passersby.
At Jazz Fest, Brocato's has a booth at Food 1 and sells spumoni and few other items so I always try to stop by. Back when I was a little girl and fest was MUCH less crowded, I was allowed to cross the fairgrounds by myself to buy myself a wedge (for $1) and then I would gobble it up as I walked back so I wouldn't have to share it with my brothers. 
In my family, the mango ice is one of the first real people foods that new babies are allowed to eat, ensuring that their taste buds are set for life. 
When they reopened after K, I cried and cried because I was so happy they were back. See it's just true love.Delicious, fresh pastries. The gelato looks really good too, but I did not have room in my tummy.
The place is cute and super clean. The staff is friendly, smiling and very patient while I decided what I wanted to order. 
Will will definitely return!What else can I say that hasn't already been said? Nothing, I just gotta jump on the Brocato's bandwagon.
BEST ICE CREAM IN NOLA!!  
I'm a super-creamed ice cream kinda gal and have been terribly underwhelmed by the shops I've tried before going to Brocato's. I had given up on getting good ice cream here (not that I'm sad, since I'd swap my fav ice cream for a Hansen's Sno-bliz any dang summer day!!), but no longer. 
You want  creamy textures in delicious flavors, come here. Try the Regina flavor!
P.S. They're open Thanksgiving day, but only for take away orders, no "dine-in"...Happened to be watching Lydia's Italy on PBS about 2 weeks before going to NOLA, and she featured this restaurant-I  KNEW I HAD to come here, and was not disappointed.
First, since we were staying very close to the French Quarter, we took the Canal Streetcar line up to N Carrolton (a very fun ride, and for only 1.25!)-totally worth it.
My partner and I split a chocolate dipped cannoli, a Napoleon and a slice of tiramisu, and each had our own cappuccino.
Let me just say that it's a VERY good thing that they're not located in Birmingham, because otherwise I'd be getting desserts and cappuccino here EVERY. DAY. Everything was fresh, fresh, fresh. And ridiculously delicious.  I've had tiramisu that tasted better, but was nowhere near as fresh as this was.
The waitstaff was very pleasant and patient as we tried to decide what to try (they have A LOT of choices) .
When we went, it was early evening, around 7.30-ish PM; it was not busy at all which made it even more perfect. Ambiance is like you're in Italy.
I'm happy that we got a chance to go here, it was everything I had hoped for when I saw it on TV.
Bottom line-if you're in NOLA-GO, GO, GO here.One of the best ice cream places in town. The best cannoli in town. They have a white chocolate almond ice cream right now that is divine. Get in there now!The best and only place I'd get a cannoli. They are to die for! Cream in one end and chocolate cream in the other. Piped in fresh!Angelo Brocato's has pretty tasty gelato in all the flavors you'd expect to find. I also like their pastries. The restaurant (gelateria?) is pretty small, so if you go while they're busy, expect to wait in line a while and take your food with you because there aren't a lot of seats. They have cream puffs, cream puff swans (neat!), tiramisu, canolli, cakes, gelato... it's all good.Went a bit out of our downtown hotel to try this place. We tried the cannoli, and found the filling to be too sweet. The shell was good and crunchy, though. 
The cream puff was good, but have had better elsewhere. 
This is a popular italian dessert spot in NOLA, and I would recommend it, especially if you like the advice desserts on the sweeter side.the straccitella is amazing - also love the Baci flavor!Great first time experience. Was a little crowded due to its location and popularity. Service was efficient but space is a bit cramped. Try the gelato!They have a great selection of Italian desserts and gelato to choose from. My favorite desserts here are the spumoni, cannoli and tiramisu. Angelo Brocato's is defiantly a New Orleans institution that is a must for anyone who enjoys desserts!So so gelato.  I was not that impressed with their gelato even though they had a great selection of flavors. I just found them too rich.  I wouldn't go back unless I was with someone that really wanted a baked italian desert.We love this place. Many Italian desserts that you just do not see that often. Great assortment of ice cream, gelato, Italian cookies, and parsties.DON'T leave the cannoli. 
Affordable classic cafe. One of the best in the city and one of the few places in the city that's even better since Katrina.Went here today.  I bought 2 Italian figs, Tiramisu, and mini cannolis.  Everything was great!Brocato's has the BEST cannolis I've ever eaten. plus, it's way cute inside! any time I go back home to New Orleans, I always make time to stop here. you can purchase a cannoli-making "kit", which includes cannoli shells, 2 kinds of cheese filling, and a small container of each pistachios & powerdered sugar. I always buy a kit to take home to Phoenix with me so I can share the magic of fresh cannolis from Brocato's with everyone who missed out.Cute Italian bakery. Very authentic. Went specifically for the cannolis and they did not disappoint! Tables are antique and so much history in the photos on the walls! Definitely recommend if you're in the area!Great place to take a date or the kids for their sweet tooth.  Ice cream is great and the cannoli is even greaterWent on a Sunday afternoon. Great atmosphere and even better desserts! Had the amaretto cheesecake and the strawberry cheesecake gelato. There was a line when we walked in which went by really fast. Parked around the corner as the spots in front of the place were taken. Overall a great experience!I love this place.  Every trip to New Orleans is met with a visit to Angelo Brocato.  I have not tasted one thing there that I didn't like.  My two favorites:  The Spumoni and the cannolis.  Spumoni is a traditional Italian dessert, but not very common in Italian restaurants.  It's delicious.  The cannoli is prepared as you order.  So many places will pipe the cream earlier in the day, which makes the Cannoli incredibly soggy -- no good.  Lastly, they have great coffee drinks made from a traditional espresso machine.  As a former Barista (and not a S'bux barista), I know how much time and effort it can take to make a great Latte -- and Angelo Brocato makes a great latte.  Try it out!We went right after the St. Joseph day celebration so the St. Joseph day altar was still standing in the back. A nice touch for sure on a lovely evening of enjoying gelato and cafe au lait. 
The gelato is very creamy and oh so good. I am really a big fan of how they make their cafe au lait. Perfect combination of chicory coffee with warm milk. Can not say enough of how good that coffee was! There was a line out the door and a police officer ensuring traffic was smooth. Great establishment and can not wait to try it again!This place is a great little gem in Midcity.  I found out about this place from some family when I first moved to NOLA and it became a quick favorite.  Living both uptown and in the lower garden district I would drive to midcity just for this shop.  
The inside is very cute and very comfortable.  They have a ton of different options to order with both pastries and ice cream. I always order either a cannoli or a napoleon.  Both are fantastic and they are so big I usually eat a few bites and then save the rest for later. Whenever people came into town this is always one of the stops and whenever I am back in town it is a stop I make.  
The only issue I ever have here is the parking situation. The parking is right out front and coming off Carrollton that can be a little scary to pull into and out of.Wow! Make the trip! Very easy to get to from the French Quarter, take the Canal streetcar to City Park/Museum and get off at Bienville.
People are awesome, coffee is fabulous and the cannolis and gelato are wonderful.Delicious! I'm a cannoli snob and gotta say the half chocolate half vanilla cannoli is amazing.  Great old time feeling atmosphere. Be willing to pay a little more for high quality.After leaving the Mid-City Bayou Boogaloo and snacking at Parkway Bakery/Tavern, we walked in 90 degree sunny weather to Angelo Brocato for some cold dessert. I wish we discovered this place earlier. It is wonderful, especially when its air is well conditioned. We had a spumoni ($3.25), a small blood orange granita ($3.19),  and a cannoncini ($2.95). The granita was my favorite but they have a lot more Italian cookies, pastries, cannolis, coffees, and gelatos to choose from. I even saw some Italian baked Alaska! I wish I had one of these shops in my neighborhood.This place is the real deal. Espresso, coffee and of course the desserts are amazing.The best of the best.  Cannolis filled to order. Everything here is authentic New Orleans Italian. So glad to see it come back after Katrina, still the same great placeGet the cannolis!  I eat too many any time I go and I love them.  We go occasionally and love the desserts.Legit Spumoni cut by the slice or you can buy it in quarts. Took one star off because they didn't have Spumone as a scoopable gelato, and the slice, albeit delicious, was 45 cents more than the large serving of gelato (Where I saw my friend get four scoops of all different flavors) and was quite small portion wise, which I thought was pretty dicey seeing as Spumone is the traditional Italian dessert and this is a traditional Italian gelatory.This should be 4.5 stars - great lady behind the counter who made the visit fun and memorable, the most Amazing gelato flavor - Zuppa Inglese - really good, fresh cheesecake and cute place. We arrived in the afternoon and there was no line to speak of.Had the regular cannoli and the tiramisu. Cannoli was freshly filled and delicious. Crispy shell, and a smooth and creamy ricotta filling without being ridiculously sweet. The tiramisu was perfect. Not very sugary sweet, with delicious mascarpone, just as it is supposed to be. It went very well with the cappuccino. The place is an old world, independent, authentic dessert house (since 1905 as I learned). Highly recommended.Sooooo good! I got the cassata cake and it was incredible. Also got an Italian soda which was very good. Staff was super friendly tooA delight! Made to order cannoli - what more can I say??? So delicious. I'm so darn happy I made it out here. And this part of town is completely unlike any other area of New Orleans I've been in.Great spot for Italian pastries, coffee, and ice cream/ sorbets. I recommend the cream puffs, and stracciatella.The gelato took me back to Rome..where I had my very first Italian gelato..so smooth, so delicious.  I got the Pistachio nut gelato which is pretty much AS GOOD AS IT CAN GET to authenticity.  I love this place!We have been going to the little bakery/gelato parlor for years but I have never seen it this busy. We waited in a 20 deep , but fast moving line. We were certainly not disappointed. The bakery showcase was still filled with treats and we were able to pick out our favorite gelato flavors. The cannoli is on point and made to order. The box with the baker's string makes me feel like I am opening a present.Of course, I had to check this place out because of the reviews. Had an apple strudel ($2.25), apple turnover ($2.25) and tiramisu ($3.95). The apple turnover was pretty good, but....it wasn't sweet enough. Is that possible? I know, it sounds crazy. I don't have a huge sweet tooth but I thought that it could've been just a tiny bit sweeter. I didn't taste the strudel but it looked delicious, and my boyfriend said that the tiramisu was 'weird.' I may go back should I crave an apple-y treat, but for now I've had my fill.Great Italian pastries and amazing ice cream! Super packed on a Wednesday night 15 minutes until closing, which is a great sign in my opinion!This is THE place for pastry!   My absolute fave cannoli are here.  I can eat them till I burst!  They also have a great selection of cookies and gelato.  Nothing else is better in the city.  Nothing, so stop looking....Fantastic old school Italian bakery ambiance, they have everything from gelato to biscotti to cannoli. However, what bowled me over was that they have marzipan! I've had a strange craving for that bizarre treat of almond paste sculpted into fruit - and while it was expensive at $2.25 for 3 small pieces, thoroughly satisfied that craving!Brocato gives you high quality gelato and Italian pastries, the service is always excellent. I recommend the praline but all of the flavors are great and they are always happy to let you sample as much as you like. The one drawback is parking, don't park in smoothie king parking lot, you will get towed, best bet is across the streetBest. Ever. I still remember the jasmine ice cream I ate there the summer before Katrina. The last thing I had from Brocato's was half of a small baba au rhum pastry on Christmas Eve. It was so good. If you are ever in New Orleans, this is a delicious and historic place to get desert.My oh my what an arrangement of of delicacies they have to offer here.
Walked in here last night after walking past and seeing the line inside at least 50 times.  Since there was no line yesterday I figured I'f finally give it a shot.
I ended up getting a chocolate eclair.  Something simple and something that would give me a good base of how the rest of their products are.  The pastry was very light and fluffy.  The filling consistency was a little off but it tasted great.
I'll be stopping in again sometime when the lines aren't long again and trying some of their gelato, coffee, and other pastries.I have been to this location on multiple occasions.  It's such an awesome place to visit for both locals and out of towners.  I have had the gelato, cakes, spumoni, casata, you name it, I've probably tried it.  You won't go wrong if you go here, it's so delicious.  OH the cafe au lait is quite good too!It was like I had died and gone to gelato heaven. Thick and creamy and full of rich flavor. This, my friends, is a truly magical place. Outside of Cafe Du Monde, it's the only other "must eat" dessert in town. Run, don't walk, to try it.Great traditional ice cream parlor with a home made flavor. The coffee is excellent too.
Kids loved the ice cream flavors and adults the pastries.When we were craving a nice cold dessert, my girlfriend and I came to this small cafe, it was well lit and had old school ice cream parlor seating, and the staff was outgoing and friendly. We shared some ice cream, it was the perfect combination of creamy and sweet. We even came a second time to try the blood orange gelato, MAN that was amazing. They said it's freshly made and it was fantastic. If I'm ever back in Nola, I'll definitely come back here.My, my, my....some things never change. And for Angelo Brocato's that's a good thing. 
It's more than a classic - it's a tradition. The best spumoni anywhere. Yes, that is a FACT. And those fig cookies? Out of this world. Assorted pastries - damn good. Gelato - maybe not the best in town but still very good. Want to experience bliss? Try a cappuccino and a slice of that spumoni with a fig cookie on the side. Totally worth the calories. 
A word about the coffee - these guys have been serving espresso based coffee drinks long before a single Star was ever Bucked. 
like I said - it's a tradition.Wait in the line, it's worth it, been there forever and will be there forever because it never gets old.  Order a tray of cannolis and bring them to a party, you'll be the most favorite person there.  Rum cake is amazing and gelatti.A little bit of heaven here on earth. It was not crowded at all when we went, and the cases were full of old memories. I had no clue I was eating biscotti 40 years ago! Today I ordered the spumoni wedge and hubby got the praline gelato. Mine was incredible since no one does it like they do. His gelato was smooth and delicious. I couldn't leave there without getting some cookies. The fig biscotti--a blast from my past. Thank you for keeping it original.As I sit here eating this delicate, flavorful Peach Ice, I am reminded of the time my old high school teacher took me here years ago. Indeed, I have a much stronger appreciation for great food than I did then. However, I remember how bustling this place was with people. Nevertheless, there is a reason why this place has been here as long as it has. There is a reason this place has the history that it has. Okay, now back to the review. In my mouth, it is almost as if beautiful peaches and cotton candy married and had children. No, no, not overly sweet - superbly right. Yes, it is that smooth. Ahh, the joy and love of the most simple things in life. Thank God for life. Stop by and enjoy!I believe it was Emeril Lagasse that declared that the cannolis here at Broccato's were among the best in the country and possibly even the world.  While I haven't been on a world cannoli tour, I can say that yes, these are spectacular!  Every single time I have one they give me the same special, warm feeling of a happy celebration!  Either I had one as a child and it left one hell of a neuronal pathway, or they are just that good.    Or maybe they just remind me of the way things used to be, when grocery stores here had real bakeries, and they had McKenzies, and I can still smell the powdered sugar in the air.  Broccato's is still here, exactly the same as always, and is continuing to be a success...and I hope they stay for generations to come.  Other delicious things there are the cheesecake, spumoni, prussian, pannacota, pistachio gelato, jordan almonds...but I usually stick with the cannolis.  5 stars!Great spumoni, known for the right reasons. A lot of pastries to choose from. Parking sucks but it's New Orleans, it's a given. Gelato is smooth and rich. Great staff. Clean bathrooms, yes that does matter.The service is always fast & sweet! The ladies working behind the counter are always so nice and patient while you're ordering. 
Their Italian chocolate chip + pistachio almond is my favorite! So rich in flavor! My boyfriend's favorite is the Italian ice + strawberry  cheesecake. That's good too, if you love strawberry! The tiramisu is good, not great. Their brownies & Roman candy are not my favorite. It's just something about the brownie that isn't quite right.. 
One of my favorite dessert spots. I will definitely be back to try more!I have been coming here for over 30 years and I feel like that little kid every time I get a cannoli!! This is where I had my first cannoli and it is the standard that I rate all others!!  This place is a New Orleans ICON and a must visit for anyone looking for amazing coffee and homemade desert just like they made them in the old country.OMG, you will gain 5 pounds just by walking in the door, guaranteed! There is so much ice-creamy goodness in this store it should be mandatory for anyone who is thinking about going into the ice cream business to pay a visit here first. The rum raisin - there just aren't words! Do yourself a favor, get yourself to New Orleans, go to Angelo Brocato, get whatever flavor you are into (they will let you taste as many as you like), and then go home and run a marathon. Your body will never be the same, but you will never regret the experience!An old friend introduced me to this hidden gem and I still come!! The line on the weekends are always out the door but today (a Thursday) I walked in had a few people in line and several tables filled with regulars and some newbies. The service is always great and the gelato is always in point!!! All the dessert are always fresh! I Love this place!!This place has become a problem for me. If we are at city park, I can't help but ask, "Angelo Brocato's?" I even went on a Monday and sat sadly parked across the street when I realized they were closed. So, the gelato is BOMB!!! We really have only gone twice (apparently I have more self-control than I give myself credit for), and both times we were scraping the bottom of the bowl. The gelato is so creamy and the flavors are exactly what you expect. I mean this in the best possible way. None of that, well I guess it tastes cannoli-flavored. (This is an endorsement for the cannoli gelato! Out. Of. This. World.) The desserts were all wonderful as well. We tried the cassata cake, amaretto cheesecake, rhum cake, and strawberry cream puff. I figured I would dislike at least one - didn't happen. I read a lot of reviews before going and don't let the mention of lines scare you. The staff is efficient (without rushing you) and the line moves quickly. It is also just a sweet little place to sit and enjoy your treats. It has such a genuineness to it. It is what it claims to be, a delicious Italian bakery. I'm sure we will back, hopefully just not too much!!! ;)More than a hundred years old, the shop reminded me of those old shops in my hometown which I frequented during my college days. The tiramisu was outstanding. We also had cannoli which tasted different from what we had before, but I guess this was the authentic one. We also had a spumoni which tasted wonderful. I liked the note on the table saying that we shouldn't move it since it is older than us! Definitely a must-visit place in NOLA for dessert.My favorite bakery/gelateria ever. Friendly and family-owned, this place has a lot of history in addition to its charm and authenticity. (Check out the waterline by the door from Katrina.)
All of the coffee served here is made using their custom-built one-of-a-kind espresso machines (which make incredible espresso, by the way). My go-to is a Napoleon pastry and a cappuccino, but I haven't had anything I didn't like! The almond crescent, spumoni cheesecake, and tiramisu are other favorites, and their gelato and Italian ice are wonderfully flavorful. I have yet to find a better cannoli this side of the Atlantic. You can fill them yourself if you get a cannoli kit to bring home. We love having out-of-town guests over for dinner and making Brocato's cannolis afterwards! You can even freeze the shells, then thaw and toast them when you're ready to serve if you want to keep a kit on hand!Had dessert there after dinner at Venezia. Ate the Strawberry Cheesecake gelato. so creamy and tasty. It's been a while since I had been to Brocato's. My wife had the Strawberry Ice. This place was busy, busy. I love the small, family atmosphere of this place. To think it has been in business for 100 years is mind boggling. They are obviously doing something right. A great place for ice cream or cannelloni, or coffee.I went here on a recommendation from a friend who had lived  in this area of mid-city and said it was his favorite ice cream shop. The gelato was fantastic!! I had a scoop of Tira Mi Su and an espresso which was delicious. The interior of the restaurant was nice and very comfortable with a bunch of small tables. The servers were very friendly. I highly recommend getting gelato or coffee here.One of my favorite places to visit today and in my childhood!
The best ever!  Holy Cannoli, Miraculous Spumoni and OMG pastries!
Love, love, love!As good as other places in the city that serve gelato are, there is no topping Brocato's.
Brocato's is a classic Italian dessert place.  They serve gelato, Italian cookies, Cannolis, and more.  You can go in after a nice dinner and get a sweet treat with some coffee on the side.  I have never been in this place where it hasn't had a nice crowd.
This is a New Orleans institution and the people who go here are serious about it.  Really.  I've met people who have gone to this place their entire lives and are now bringing their grandchildren.  A definite New Orleans "don't miss".I think I'm in love. I've never felt this way before. You've ruined me for all others. Thank you Mr. Bracato ;)I was never one for dusty, dry Italian cookies, but I always love me some good gelato, which this place definitely has.
They have a ton of good-looking flavors to choose from, as well as the classic style of Italian ices. I went with a small with the safe, standard Stracciatella, which was excellent, and also tried the Chocolate Almond, which was a million times better. The chocolate was nice and creamy and it had full pieces of almonds in it, whichever for an excellent taste. Definitely one of the best flavors of gelato I've had.
This is a nice shop that is a perfect place to stop in for a little dessert. They have plenty of seating with several tables and chairs. Also, from the looks of it, if you are in the market for some of the aforementioned flavorless cookies and any other possible Italian dessert you can think of, then this is definitely the place to come.Doesn't get better - delicate pastries, gelato, coffee even decaf, cappuccino - all he real deal! A New Orleans landmark for locals and tourists alike for over 100 years/The place simply speaks for itself.....what could be better than ogling the delicious goodies in the dessert display and gelato case while waiting in line? Well, tasting them, of course! 
After picking out a variety of things I "needed" to bring home (you know, essentials, like almond macaroons and chocolate dipped cannoli), my daughter and I sat to enjoy a dish of salted caramel and chocolate gelato, respectively. Love the quaint, Italian atmosphere (and even better, it's actually authentically quaint).  What a great place to share a treat with your sweetie or your kids or anyone else you love.  Hell, I'd even take an enemy here if I truly had one!  
Bonus: They put your take home goodies in cute, nice boxes (read: not flimsy) wrapped in string, which is terrific for their safekeeping on the ride home.This place has been opened for more than 100 years and there's a reason why... it's amazing! The Gelatos are the best in the city, pastries and cake selection is gorgeous, and I've yet to have a bad cup of coffee here. Whenever I have someone in town visiting this is one of the first places I bring them. Sometimes there is a line out the door but don't get discouraged. It moves very quickly and the staff is competent at moving everyone along while not making them feel like they're being rushed.Great little dessert parlor. They have outstanding gelato and pastries. Parking is a little bit of an issue but worth the walk. The desserts are almost too good. Very happy that places like this still exist among all the chains.Best gelato ever! I agree with all the positive review. Here is another tip, try their cookies and pastries. You can't find them anywhere else but an authentic Italian shop.Classic New Orleans! Locals love it. It's very homey and laid back but can get pretty packed on the weekends.This is an amazing neighborhood place that sells perfect pastries and delicious italian sodas. It's the kind of place where the people who work there recognize and appreciate their regular customers :) My favorite treats to snag from here are greek caps, coconut macaroons, cappuccinos, and strawberry italian sodas with whipped cream.The perfect sweet spot. You must go there. Cannolis are incredible. No doubt biscotti are so yummy.Great service and treats! I am warmly greeted every time I visit. The Italian Ice here is great,  better than any "snow ball"  you could ever get.Being from the west coast, you don't need to go far to find ice cream. So when I looked for some in NOLA, knowing that when we visited that it'd be hot, you'd imagine my surprise to find out how far we'd have to go to find some that didn't come out of a grocery or convenience store. We ended up with a cone of straciatella, a cone of pistachio and a cannoli. The gelato were sweeter and melted faster compared to others that we've had. I wasn't the hugest fan of the cannoli. Although the shell was extra crunchy, the filling was too thick and sweet for my tastes. I wish I could've tried their other pastries.We came at 9:15pm after having dinner, the place was packed. There was still a line. We all had different flavors gelato and they were all good. The canolis were also good. Must try.Amazing gelato and hot chocolate. Fast and affordable. Will definitely recommend and come back when I visit.Wow! Italian desserts this place does it. I had the gelato on a hot day and it was perfect. Many tourists, locals stopping in. I had the strawberry and it was made with real fresh fruit. Cool old school place. My mom met a family member who owned the place. They take so much pride in what they do.Yes they're known for their Italian ices and yes, they're amazing.  But expand your horizons!  The ice creams are awesome - chocolate tastes like you're munching on a Hershey's bar.  With the old-fashioned barista machine, the cappuccinos are quite good, especially when served with my favorite, the fig cookie. They also make their own Italian cookies, which you can buy singles or by the bag. Not to be missed, however, is the coup de gras, the cannoli. Half vanilla and half chocolate, it practically melts in your mouth as the crisp shell adds a texture to the flavor. If you've never had one, you MUST try one; it's simply that good.The spumone here is the best spumone on the planet, and the espresso is ambrosial.
Okay, so "best spumone on the planet" may sound like hyperbole, or may at least be hard to verify, but I've heard at least two other people say the same thing. It's served in wedge form on a doily on a real plate.
The espresso machine is wonderful to look at. It's not the largest or the most ornate, but it's up there, and of a scale appropriate to a small, family establishment. And, more to the point, the various people behind the counter know how to use it. Your espresso is served with a wee clip of lemon rind on the side, should you care to squeeze the lemon oil into your cup.
Brocato's is obviously a family business. At various times you'll see fresh-faced young people behind the counter, hired help, but you'll also see people of other ages. And once or twice I heard a snippet of Italian conversation.
So, the spumone. If I told you I flew into New Orleans one time just to go to Brocato's and have spumone and espresso, you wouldn't believe me. But let's put it this way: one time I flew into town and only had time to do a couple of things, and this was one of them.
(I'm noting that this place is wheelchair accessible because there are no steps that need to be negotiated. In reality, though, you'll probably want someone to help hold the double doors open.)The dining area is not always packed, but you never wait too long, before you get your order taken. I love their old style espresso machine, and the magical way it seems to make the coffee taste better. 
Honestly you go for the deserts, just go when ever the hell you want it's that tasty, not even that expensive, but it can get pricey. hahahaIf this doesn't remind me of Europe and New York nothing willI truly appreciate the years of service from Angelo Brocato vision an Italian immigrant in the United States in the early days. I appreciate the family for keeping his dream open and functioning just as he would. One place I truly appreciate in the complete state of Louisiana.Also great location we can ride the trolley from downtown to midcity to eat the delicious desserts and get that complete New Orleans/Italy feelGreat desert and Gelato shop. All the sweets are authentic italian and delicious. The Gelato is one of the best around, I'd probably say it is THE BEST that I have tried. Although, Ive yet to have La Davina Gelataria and people keep telling me that is really good. You cant go wrong with Angelo's, everything here is great.  I personally like the italian chocolate chip (i forget the real name for it) and the italian ice's (which taste like smoothies in gelato form) and as someone already said before the only ingredients are fruit, ice, and sugar.  Its a must experience for ice cream and sweet lovers. O and its not very expensiveHow can you not love Brocato's? Stopped in for dessert and coffee. The only problem is trying to limit yourself to one item. Our party opted to get a few things and share. The salted caramel gelato is to die for! We also ordered the almond crescent, an apple turnover and pumpkin cheesecake. All were very good! Looking forward to the next visit!Good gelato, phenomenal espresso (sorry reviewer David... you must not know espresso).  
They've got perhaps the only *real* espresso machine in town.  The huge brass machine looks like an idol on the counter and should be worshiped accordingly.  
Reminds me of the espresso I had in Italy this summer.  MMMM... Good.best gelato in the city, hands down. don't let the long line deter you - it moves fast and the service is super friendly.I remember speaking to a journalist for a Southern magazine about the Italian culture of New Orleans and being told that no one thinks Italian when they think Nola. Huh. Funny considering we were called Little Palermo in the late 19th century and considering all the amazing Italian-Creole restaurants around the city: Irene's, Mosca's, Pascales, etc.  When you step into Brocato's you step back into an earlier time in this city.  The sweet ladies behind the counter, the old style decorations and the pastries and gelato and spumoni and ices!!!  Big love to the Baba Rum Cake, sponge cake with creme and soaked in rum, yum!   Plus despite an avid search in italian enclaves around the country I can't find a better cannoli anywhere.  The key being that they don't stuff the pastry shell until you order, so you have a crunchy exterior and a luscious filling.  I might not agree with all the old-timer's who say the city was betta back when da mafia ran it, but I do love all my Italian and Sicilian brothers and sisters culinary gifts to my hometownGelato is top notch.    The canolis were most excellent as well.   Very cool, old timey atmosphere.
Very glad we stopped in.Old school Ice Cream and Pastry shop with amazing ambiance and great prices. The staff was friendly and efficient, the selection of gelato and cookies were plentiful and  the coffee tasty. Why 4 stars? The parking situation really stunk. If you are walking around the area however, stop in, you'll be pleased and then can burn it all off afterwards going back to your car.Napoleon with flaky layers and creamy filling, some Toroncino that was delightfully cinnamony, real-home-made Cannoli with crunchy outside and creamy filling (notice the trend - remember the cannoli in the box with string around it in the GodFather for Uncle at the Opera?? - they got it here!) and Tiramisu like you mama used to make!I'm a gelato lover and this place did not disappoint!  Did not try the cannolis which was dumb of me but this place was really good.  I strongly suggest that you swing by there to chillax with some great sweet treats.Finally made it to this New Orleans staple. Cute bakery and plenty of seating for a 2:00pm visit. We each had a yummy snack - an apple turnover & a traditional Italian cake with marzipan - both delicious. I also had a wonderful latte. We also took some eclairs and almond cookies to go. Not much of a cannoli selection. Overall, I was a little disappointed - selection seemed a little thin. Did not try the gelato, but it looked great!We came, we swooned, we wanted it all.
OK, I live in the Bay Area. I go to North Beach so I have seen some Italian bakeries but  this one truly had one of the most diverse and unusual selections I have seen.
The cannoli were awesome and beautifully presented. It took us forever to decide what to have as there were choices I had not seen before, like the lemon ricotta(?) pie my daughter selected, light and tangy and different. My other daughter choose a berry and cantaloupe sorbet which was also wonderful. I didn't try the clove cookies shaped like  bones or the spumoni cake but seriously wanted to. We bought some anise cookies to go and they were melt in your mouth wonderful later when we ate them. 
It is probably good I don't live near here but I would recommend this place to anyone who likes pasties, cookies or ice cream and perhaps wants to try something they have never had before.The best in town! Everything tastes delightful! It is such a cute, tiny place for a sweet treat and socializing with friends. Spumoni cheesecake and pumpkin cheesecake just bring me joy in every single bite. They have a variety of ice cream and all of them are just the perfect amount of flavorful, creaminess, and sweetness. I do hope they have frappuccinos or green tea lattes. Their beverages menu are okay, but nothing too fascinating. I hope they will ameliorate that soon. With that being said, I will still give this establishment five stars for their desserts specialty and hospitality service.