Good atmosphere.  Pasta was way overcooked.  Certainly not al dente the way I like it.  Sauce was way too heavy-laden with cream.  But the service was friendly and attentive.  Laid-back bohemian atmosphere.Typical list when looking for food/Looking for food while intoxicated in the Quarter:
Vegetarian dishes: Check 
If no vegetarian specific meals, Pizza?: Check
Reasonable prices: Check
Open almost every time I've walked by: Check
There once was a thing called mimosas, and during Mardi Gras, those said mimosas sometimes got switched with vodka. Fast forward to lunch time during a brutal Saturday storm and we're strolling Frenchmen, soaked, starving and drunk, in search of food. We end up just past the rows of Jazz bars and in this fabulous dining establishment. 
Angeli has some of THE BEST pizza I've had and despite the rather interesting decor, I look forward to coming back here very, very soon.Amazing pizza at a reasonable price. I order from them at work from time to time, and have never been let down. The pizza has a good. homemade taste, and you can tell the ingredients are fresh. They also have really cool names, like The Lucifer Special and stuff like that.
I can't rate the inside as I have only had them deliver, but they are always fast and courteous when I call.
The best thing though, and the reason for the 5 Stars, is these folks get modern business. They take credit cards! YES, someone around here that actually wants to MAKE MONEY instead of turning off their potential guests by hanging on to the 1950's gold standard.
Try them out, you'll be glad that you did.*Update*
This USED to be my favorite restaurant in the world, but... I feel the magic is gone. Every time I visit NOLA, I come here, hoping to regain the loveliness of days long ago. But.... The menu's changed. And they don't have syrup anymore for me to put in my coffee (but the dude waiting on us remembered that I used to do that, so points, I guess?). The pizza's still decent, and there's still Lower Decatur people watching to be had, but it's just not the same. Maybe I should gather all my college friends and we should meet up here some night, then see if that does anything?PRE-KATRINA REVIEW!
Love love love this place.  Unique and tasty food!  Yummmmy!  Had the veggie burger where it is HOME-MADE (none of that frozen Gardenburger pass-offs).  Had the salad, but totally stole my friend's fries - SO GOOD.
I remember this portabella/spicy chicken appetizer dip, served with warm and chewy pita triangles.  SOOOO DIVINE!!!!  AHHH!
I love the atmosphere, it's really eclectic and totally all inclusive.  Yummy!Amazeballs, but not always the best service. This place has amazing pizza and cheese bread. I have ate here sober and drunk and both ways I love it. It stays open late which is nice when it is 1 in the morning and you are hungry for something other then what someone is selling on the street or krystal's.
The service here is not that great, but it is on a busy street in New Orleans. It is more of a dive-y place. If you want super clean bathrooms and super nice servers go to a more tourist-y spot.
Yes there is no split checks or separate payments. But I understand. They have it all over the menu so you won't be surprised when the bill comes. 
All in all this place is great. I can't believe all the reviews saying this place will never last. It has been open since  before Katrina, and it still amazing.Angeli is the requisite hip eatery on Decatur.  Now a veteran on the street, the food is above average and fairly priced, but you might have a hard time with the service.  Great place to people watch, or to sit and read on a stormy night.GO HERE.  NOW.  Nooope, wait, on second thought, don't.  Let's keep it our little secret.  A friend of mine went to NOLA last year for Jazz Fest, I couldn't even remember the name of the place or even if it was still open post-Katrina, but I found myself texting him directions to get there at 1:00 am.  It's just that ridiculously good.  The Divine Portabella--named that for a reason.  One of my favorite haunts when I lived in this most amazing of cities full of good food...The service is a little wonky late-late at night, but I guess that's to be expected.  The pizza is good, the hummus tasted kinda weird, but all in all, it consitently hits all the drunken-binge-eating spots.Our bartender (Lindsay) was amazing! Great food, great service! Can't wait to come backChill place with friendly waiters and delicious food. I love love love to grab some hummus and pizza.Back pre-Katrina, I used to get food delivered from here. It was usually cold and took forever, but the flavors were pretty good.
When I went in, the bartender was the nicest thing ever. So it made me forgive the less than perfect food.
It was always a bit grungy but comfortable.
I hope it has still kept that level of comfort. I should really go back sometime.
I loved the flat bread.i've been here twice- once for late night food after a night on Frenchman, and on Christmas Eve with my family who was visiting (our Christmas Eve tradition is eating pizza). The place was almost entirely empty, but it was Christmas Eve, so that wasn't surprising. Our server was really friendly. We got cheesey garlic bread, a couple of pizzas, and a few beers. My parents were really happy with our decision to go there. The food and service were both great, although be aware of their policy of not splitting checks or taking separate payments. It wasn't a problem for us, but groups of random people should probably know that.Angeli is a personal favorite of mine.  Open till 4am on the weekdays and 24hrs on Friday and Saturday, it's perfect for the end of the evening wind-down.  Old films are projected onto the wall behind the bar, and if that doesn't keep you occupied until your food eventually arrives, you can watch the rag-tag late night strollers walk past the windows.  Their pasta salad is divine (vinegary but with smooth flavor and chunks of tomatos and kalamata olives).  Both the Angeli Special and the Portabello Mushroom sandwiches are delicious.  Bring a cardigan, it's always freezing inside.A great restaurant for late night eating in the Quarter.  They have deliciously greasy food to coat the lining of your stomach with after an all night drinking session.
I think I'm addicted to their pasta salad.  Seriously good.
The place is low-key and has a nice atmosphere with great big windows for people watching on lower decatur.  Wait staff ranges from okay to great.... although that opinion is based on several years of eating here...
I usually get grilled cheese which is served on a nice bread with spinach dressing.  Yum.  The garlic bread is also another favorite of mine.  Cheap and delicious, just made sopping up alcohol.  But, no matter what I get, I've never had a bad thing here.I cam here for a class project and we had allllllllll differente types of pizze.  There's really no way that you can go wrong.  All of them were good.  A tad greasy but it's pizza! lol  Nice casual atmosphere inside also.This is also a great standby of the Quarter- a good place to go especially after a late night of drinking, or when you want a good solid food experience. 
The pizzas are really great.OMGness! if I was to start a restaurant, it would be exactly like this. I kept exclaiming with delite at every little detail!
gorgeous vintage interior- with lots of class & charm. 
projected movies on the wall, 
and yummy yummy hummus.
a haven for visiting veg-heads in New Orleans! Plus, it's right on Frenchmen Street so we checked out some live blues afterwards.I am absolutely appalled by the service I just received. Today I ordered a large cheese pizza and a can of Diet Coke and it came out to being $18. No issues, I understand everything is a lot more expensive in the Quarter. So he brings the pizza, calls (my phone happened to be on silent and I wasn't able to hear it) but just 3 minutes later I called him back and received no response. Finally, I call the restaurant to see that he left, after just 5 minutes, and was told "What did you expect, I would wait for you all night." At this point my family is starving and I just tell him to bring back the pizza. He brings back the pizza and I don't tip him based on the horrible service over the phone. I then receive a scathing text message about how I did not tip him. This just sent me over the edge, I call back the restaurant to speak to a manager, of course the manager happened to not be in yet. I then tell the waitress about my correspondence with the delivery man and she goes on to tell me off and hang up on me. Avoid this place at all costs, worst service I have ever experienced.Stopped in for  lunch on a recent cold day.  The food was great - we said we were hungry and the hummus came flying out (figuratively).
The sandwiches were VERY good, and the pasta salad was a very good side.  Prices were reasonable, but they do charge you for everything.
We asked for a little bowl of plain pasta for a 2 year old boy, and we were charged $6 for .30 cents worth of noodles.  Requested additional pitas for hummus set us back another $1.25.  With out being nickl and dimed, I probably would have given 4 stars.So I used to love this place, and don't get me wrong, I still love the food, but the establishment itself needs some work. I've enjoyed everything I've ever eaten from here in the past, and I've mostly had it delivered to me. But recently I went in to dine and had a not so pleasant experience. The service was not exactly friendly, and didn't pay much attention to us. The restaurant seemed pretty musty and not very clean. I didn't notice it until a few minutes after sitting down, but the restaurant started smelling like terrible body odor. We all know that smell and that's exactly what it was. We ordered our food and drinks and from then on I was nauseous. My girlfriend and I tried to rush through the meal, but could barely stomach it. We would've taken our food to go, but by that point, eating the food was even nauseating. Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be ordering from them again because of this experience.  I hope they make some changes soon.This place was great BEFORE the sorm, a local secret.  But now, it blows.  Overpriced and the quality of the food is very poor.  I have lived in NOLA 12 yrs and I will never go back, not even for a beer. It is a tourist trap!!!!The best sit down Pizza place in New Orleans French Quarter. My favorite is the chicken diablo, hot and spicy pizza sauce with tender chicken and peppers. The lucifer is next. The salads are big and great also.Oh my goodness this is some good pizza. We got the heavenly able veggie pie, and just amazing crust, fresh veg, and very very impressive. Nice atmosphere with big windows in a good people watching spot in the quarter. Also got the Cesar salad, which you can skip, it's nothing special. But wow, that pizza. Mmm.Angeli has been a fairly regular haunt of mine since they opened.  I didn't even live here then.  After driving down for some lower Decatur debauchery, I would always eat here.  However, it wasn't until last year that I tried anything besides the Divine Portabello.  I figured that the rest of the menu was probably great, but I just couldn't part with that mess o' divinity.  Finally, I decided to branch out and start seeing other dishes.  I still hope the Divine Portabello can find a way to forgive me.  So far, everything is pretty good to freakin' amazing with the exception of the Pasta Marinara, which is, apparently, a fancy way of saying "mediocre spaghetti."  The pizza is one of the best in the Quarter, and the Angeli Burger stands out because it's served on panini bread instead of the usual roll.  I ordered the burger with chips yesterday for a lunchtime delivery.  Whoever answered the phone seemed to think that "chips" sounded a lot like "pasta salad," but hooray for serendipity.  The pasta salad was excellent - almost certainly better than chips.  Let's hear it for deaf people answering phones!  Oh, right, they can't hear the applause.  Just wave to them.  In my humble opinion, they should dice the kalamata olives, though.  That way there would be an even olive flavor to the salad instead of several bites without olive and then a bite in which olive is all you can taste.  
However, my new favorite thing here is the Angeli Special sandwich.  Roasted red peppers make sandwiches awesome.  If this sandwich was a woman, I would have dirty filthy porno sex with it.  If I ever order one to go, who knows?  I just don't want to get arrested for public fornication with a sandwich.  The OPP regulars would tear me up for that one.  But it is that good.  
Since smoking was banned in restaurants, Angeli isn't too jumping as a bar anymore, but the food and drinks are still wonderful.  And if you're not into the whole "my lungs must be punished" scene (crazy fools, KOFF), Angeli is now a pretty relaxed place for drinks.  It just seems like it used to be more lively.
Overall, Angeli is a great place for affordable quality food.  Start with the Divine Portabello appetizer, then get yose'f an Angeli Special sandwich.  Your stomach will thank you.It took half an hour to figure out a messed up sandwich after everyone else had eaten. They messed up the bill. No service after the order was placed. Dead roaches on the floor. This place is horrible.I've never been in angeli's before midnight. This used to be my favorite after work spot when I waited tables in the quarter and would some nights work until 2am. Definitely quirky often there's an obscure film playing on the projector and the staff are quirky as well. 
The food is well priced and extremely good. They have great pizza, quite possibly the best in the quarter. Their sandwiches are top notch and they are served with some of the best pasta salad I've ever had. 
All in all even if it's not midnight I'd recommend Angeli's.My husband and I came here after someone recommended it for good pizza.  We decided after a night of drinking we would give it a try.  We walked over and were seated immediately.  The place was pretty slow at around midnight (I think?) when we went.  From what I recall, they have a good variety of items on their menu, but since we were told the pizza was good, that is what we ordered.  This place has some of the best pizza I've ever had! Who knew a place that serves all kinds of food could have such good pizza!!  I like pizza with a crust that is somewhat soft (not crunchy) and has a little substance.  Not super thick, but also not crepe thin.  The flavor of the dough and sauce were impeccable.  I think they're open til 1am, so it's a great, late-night eatery. I'll definitely go back next time I'm in N'awlins.The pizza is fantastic, as is the pasta salad. Great for people watching. Lots of options for vegetarians. No separate checks though.Wow, Angeli is nothing like it used to be.  It was absolutely empty on a Saturday at lunch time, which should have been a clue. But I went in anyway, I guess nostalgia drew me in against my better judgement.The food was subpar at best and totally prepared and not fresh at all.  The decor was also totally trashy; not interesting or funky like it used to be. I felt like I was looking at all of the trash they have hanging on the gates at Jackson Square for tourists to buy.  The waitress was friendly and attentive, but that's only reason I'm giving it 2 stars.Salad!!!!!! At last!!!! I had the worst time trying to find some vegetables while in N.O. So I was super grateful to find this place via yelp and see salad. this salad was one of the best salads I've had too. It was the Greek salad and I added chicken.  First of all the portion was huge!!! I had so much left over that I munched on later. It was very flavorful. The best part about this salad though was the dressing.  You must try the sun dried tomato dressing!!! His dressing was so good I tried to look up a recipe when I got home, I need to find this dressing it was so good.  I went in the pouring rain on a early Saturday two weeks ago, place was empty then idk why because that salad was on point.  Definitely one of the places I would return toI recommend this place to anyone! 
My boyfriend and I arrived here late on a Thursday night with the help of my iYelp, and after going inside to make sure they were open (very dark and not highly populated) we took a seat and began debating over the menu. 
Okay, I know it's not traditional to rate a soda, but these sodas were great. Very sweet. Very refreshing. 
After quite a bit of consideration and telling the waiter we STILL weren't ready (which he was very cool about) I decided on a sausage calzone and my boyfriend got the Angeli special sandwich with pasta salad. 
The calzone was HUGE! I was a bit concerned it would try to eat me! But, the crust was cooked to perfection. Crusty on the outside and soft and slightly gooey on the inside. Cheese poured out of this thing! It even was cooked with a little sauce (which I'm only used to coming on the side) so I didn't need the side of sauce they provided. I wish I could have tasted more of the sausage but the cheese did overwhelm it a bit. The sausage was good though! 
My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his sandwich but he couldn't stop talking about the pasta salad. It had pieces of mushroom and roma tomatoes and was a little tart. 
We even got some of their tasty soda to go!From the looks of it, it isn't promising. However, I had the Mediterranean Burger and my friend had the Portabella Mushroom Sandwich and they were both absolutely delicious! Don't judge a book by it's cover, go ahead and try their food p.s two burgers, a sandwich and a coke cost about $28! How good is that?When I lived in the Quarter this was my staple.  
Pita Points and hummus, french fries and a milkshake.  I'd come here and watch the movies late at night.  It seemed almost magical, not the healthy kind of magical, but just as good.Atrocious service, mediocre food. 
We stopped by for a late-ish dinner on a holiday. Though we were still about two hours before closing, the place was complete dead and my party were the only people in the restaurant.
However, despite that, the service was beyond terrible. First the waitress took our drink order (three Diet Cokes) that turned out to be flat. When we complained she indicated that other customers had complained prior but they didn't either check it out or warn us there was a problem. That began our service frustration.
We needed a fairly quick meal so we opted for sandwiches. Two of us had gyros and one had an Italian feast. The food was mediocre. The gyros had only one tiny slice of meat in each and were slathered with the cucumber sauce but the Italian Feast was actually pretty good. Pasta salad was also decent but the regular salad was lacking.
To be fair, I've had the pizza here before and it is better. But we didn't have time and were actually happy about how quickly the food came out, almost making me forget that the waitress had dropped the dog earlier.
However, when we went to pay (after nearly finishing our meal, we were told that they weren't accepting credit cards today that the reader was "not working" and that we'd have to use their ATM (with a hefty surcharge I have no doubt). We were not warned before we sat down, we double checked and there were no signs on the door and they proudly displayed credit card logos on the door (something we checked before going in). 
Unfortunately, this is a pretty common scam by restaurants, claim that the credit card machine is down to get the ATM surcharge and avoid paying card fees. Taxis do it too. While I assume that this was completely honest in this case (I had no problems in the past), the fact we weren't warned anywhere and the first we heard about it was after our meal means that, at the very least, it was incompetent service.
Fortunately, we were able to scrounge up enough cash to pay the tab. I've eaten here a few times in the past and had mediocre experiences, however, after this, I'm never coming back. The food just isn't good enough to justify this terrible of service.Craving pizza on out last night in New Orleans. Found this place and loved the pizza! The lucifer pizza was amazing! Great prices and good service. Definitely recommend this spot. Only problem was the short drink menu, but I wanted wine with my pizza, so a non-issue for me.Absolutely amazing food and friendly staff! Sandwiches and pizza are top notch!
Under new management over the last few months and they've done a world of wonders. Great prices and close to everything.Excellent excellent EXCELLENT food & service! Our waiter was really welcoming, really cool, really kind. He had a sleeve of some random tattoos that I enjoyed looking at. He had everything from popcorn to Tony the Tiger. It was past midnight on a weeknight when we ate here. There were only a handful of people here, which was nice because it was a break away from the chaos on Bourbon Street. I had pizza and one of the BEST caesar salads that I've ever had. My friends and I enjoyed looking at all of the art on the wall. It was very unique. Next time we are in NOLA, we might have to come back here! One last thing, don't bring your friend here if they get loud and obnoxious when they are intoxicated. Why? I noticed a section in the menu stating that 18% gratuity will be added to your bill, but I would say that's totally fair. Who wants to deal with an obnoxious drunk when they're just trying to do their job? I would imagine these people deal with that nonsense a lot, though. Anyway - highly recommend this place!I was in NOLA on business for 4 days and ate at Angeli twice.  Twice!  Before I left California, I was committed to breaking my commitment to vegetarianism for the sake of seafood in NOLA.  But thanks to hotel food and Angeli, I didn't need to (which may or may not be a good thing).
The sampler plate and pizzas were yummy at Angeli.  Good beer, good service, good times.  Very laid back pubbish environment.  Minus one star for the mouse we saw on the floor in the dining room.  !!  Total violation of the heath code, I'm sure.  My coworker told me not to alert management because - gasp! - they would surely kill it (which may or may not have been a bad thing!).  I don't care what they say about old cities and mice going hand-in-hand because mice belong in a snake's stomach, not the dining room of a restaurant!Let's start with the fact that I could eat Angeli's pasta salad everyday, all day. I actually googled to see if the recipe has been copied or posted anywhere online just so I could make it at home (no luck...help?).  
Everything I've ever gotten here has not only been delicious, but has really had a great homemade quality to it that makes me love it even more.  The grilled chicken is moist. The sandwiches are great. The pizza/calzone crust is chewy perfection, and the meatballs in the calzone are exactly as spicy as I like--I almost don't have to add crushed red pepper.
The Tequila Blues monstrosity just opened up across the street so it may be getting much busier...great for Angeli's, but I hope nothing changes!  I agree with previous reviewers that it's just a tad dirtier/divier than I would like, but if you eat here all of that is overlooked easily.
If you are in the quarter looking for a great casual meal, this is ALWAYS the place to go.  Now I need pasta salad.We stopped here for a bite to eat last minute to avoid the craziness on Bourbon Street, luckily we got sat right away. The servers were friendly but a tad slow on greeting us and taking a drink order. We ordered the pasta salad that everyone was raving about on Yelp, it was good but nothing exceptional. We also ordered a Caesar salad which was good and we shared the Chicken pizza. Overall an easy dinner night in New Orleans, not somewhere we would make sure to stop at each visit. There are many amazing food options around town. Would recommend if you want something super laid back, you don't appreciate the amazing Cajun New Orleans cuisine  or you have small children.Saw all the negative reviews but also noticed latest reviews showed improvement. Big mistake. Only ones in restaurant and food took 45 minutes. One of the employees cursed out the mgr or owner whoever he may be and walked out. Another person threw something into the window from outside and started cursing into the building. Party of 6 with all different food and none of us were impressed. Bad service! Inquired about food twice only to be ignored. Salads didn't show up, drink order wrong, and check took ten minutes due to her inability to end a conversation with coworker. Not to mention having to get utensils and napkins from other tables cause waitress never brought enough. As a local I have to say it was better before it was renovated and mgmt changed.  Not good! 5 never agains and a no way! :(We stopped here for late night dinner. This place is loud and grungy.
Food:
Spaghetti + meatballs: $10.25
Pizza - Small Lucifer special - pepperoni, sausage, ham, peppers, onions: $11.50
Honestly, they said the meatballs were spicy, but it wasn't just the meatballs. This dish was so spicy and salty, I couldn't eat it. :(I have a funny little story about why I love this place so much:
a friend and I were starving one night and found Angeli on the interwebs, decided to give their delivery a go. We ordered two entrees and some tiramisu. They dropped off our orders and once we got inside we realized that they forgot our dessert (that we paid for already, otherwise we wouldn't have cared)! So my friend called the delivery guy's number, and though he seemed surprised he was very nice and agreed to go grab our tiramisu and bring it to us. That, my friends, is some bad a** customer service! Thanks, bike delivery guy!
I came in here recently for my first eat-in experience and it didn't fail me. Yummy portobello peppery pasta, and my friend got a huuuge grilled chicken salad.
The food isn't groundbreaking or anything, but it's yummy and filling enough to fuel a day in the French Quarter. I don't think that you could go wrong eating here!Good pizza and quick service- granted we were the only customers in the place--it had just opened.  Would recommend for pizza lunchAngeli's is our second home. We visit once a week, and get the same thing every time. Me: Chicken sandwich, Pasta Salad. James: Grilled Cheese, Pasta Salad. The bill is always incredibly low. Sometimes we get cheese bread and the pizza has always been awesome. 
This is not a place to go for service. It's an experience, though. Expect hipster music on the radio and a geeky throwback movie being projected on the wall above the bar. The uniform for employees seems to be the inspiration for most of American Apparel's bad ideas. http://www.americanapparel.net/gallery/ The servers are a little standoffish and even rude sometimes, and have very little patience for ambiguity. Trust me, though, the food is consistent and awesome, and they are fast to bring it when they're not busy. It's also cheap, and that's not necessarily common in the Quarter. 
Angeli is open late, and really good for stumbling drunk off Frenchmen. For that noble purpose, it's as close to fast food as you'll find this side of town-- I don't think there is a McDonald's within walking distance of Bourbon Street. 
A couple other things they don't tell you at Zagat: I don't care if it's August 25th or January 3rd, the temperature in Angeli's will have you longing for your favorite blanket. It's always FREEZING. I consider this a solid bonus. Further, the people-watching out the huge windows onto Decatur street makes for better viewing than most summer blockbusters. We've seen some memorable things out Angeli's windows. 
Wholeheartedly, I recommend this place for non-foodies and tourists who want to take a break from fried food.So glad I found this place on yelp, but wish I would have found it sooner!  Great food for a great price and just across the street from the French market. I got there too late to be able to shop but this would make a great place to grab a bite to eat before or after shopping the market. Great meal for my whole family. Very pleased!Unfortunately the staff is very unfriendly in my dealings with them. I work at an establishment on Royal street in which there was a dispute over a food delivery being paid properly between one of our Owners  and a driver of theirs. The delivery driver cursed out the entire staff while customers were in our shop. Needless to say, they are assholes.OMG Amazing pizza - I can't remember the name but it had spinach, artichokes, and mushrooms on it.  Sooooooo good!  The decor was really cool too.  I heart this place and will definately go back next time I'm in New Orleans!Maybe you're in the mood for something non-Cajun. Maybe it's late and you need a midnight snack. Or maybe you just want some of the best freakin' hummus in the quarter. You go to Angeli's, eat your fill while watching some obscure film projection on the wall and leave smiling with leftovers in hand. 
For appetizers, Angeli's hummus really is the best. Kind of hard to screw up hummus (but I have!) but this stuff is really great and is served with warm pita and kalamata olives. Better yet, go for the sampler platter with the tomato spread and red peppers too. You could easily make a tasty vegetarian meal out of it. 
If you're in the mood for a sandwich, go for the Angeli's Special or the Italian Feast. They're both chock-full of deliciousness and come with a side salad or pasta salad. Both salads are dressed with the house vinaigrette which is so good I could almost drink it. 
Finally, if you opt for a calzone don't be a hog and order more than 3 stuffings. I got the chicken with mushrooms and bacon and it fed my boyfriend and me for two days.Thank goodness for Yelp while on vacation!! My boyfriend and I were looking for a good vegetarian friendly restaurant in the french quarter and came across Angeli's through a Yelp search. This place was great! So great that we ate there two nights in a row (and had the same waiter both times). The sandwich selections were great but we didn't end up try any of the pizza. We really enjoyed our dining experience(s). I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a yummy meal that isn't a tourist trap with an exponentially long wait.Customer service at this place licks ballz! Driver wouldn't deliver. We even offered an extra tip. We called an hour later asking where our pizza at, guy hung up after he knew he was talking to the guys that didn't get their pizza. Don't know how their pizza taste but I wouldn't taste it now their customer service already left a bad taste in my mouth.Was visiting New Orleans with a group of friends, searching for a break from the hearty cajun/creole fare that we had been experimenting with all trip. Angeli On Decatur was a delightful change of pace. 
First of all, the service is helpful and friendly. The atmosphere is laid-back with tons of cool and quirky art work on the walls. I particularly loved facing out towards the large windows in the front of the restaurant. Great people watching lol!
We had: 
-Mystical Pizza: Gooey cheesey, meaty, deliciousness! Nice bits of crunchy red onion in there too for a contrast of textures
-Greek Salad: Refreshing and large portions!
-Pesto Pasta with Chicken: Wasn't blown away. The pasta was overcooked and the chicken was tough. Large portion
Take home point: We tried such a limited selection on the menu that I can't comment on their other offerings. But definitely get the mystical pizza when you visit!I never knew what Angeli was until last week.
Angeli is an interesting place. The clientele seemed to mostly be hard partying people trying to fill their bellies so they could consume more alcohol. That is in no way a bad thing, as everyone knows, good food helps you party longer.
The menu is different than most late night eateries and I chose the gyro with pasta salad. Apparently they are known for their pasta salad (what a thing to be known for), and it didn't disappoint. In fact, it was the best pasta salad I have ever had. The gyro was OK, but not great. I think I would order something different next time as long as it came with pasta salad.
Service at the bar was a bit slow, but the place was packed. I felt like the meal was a good value, but the gyro just wasn't very memorable.
I was glad to discover Angeli and will update my review after subsequent trips.I'm a little disappointed in the downhill slide the quality of the pizza has taken. I order a lot from them and the last few times we've had nothing but problems (nothing on half one time and dough fused to the box the last). I've said before that their pizza has been consistent, but I don't think I can stand by that any more.
I'm downgrading a star  based on my average of experiences (2's and 4's) because when they are good, they are good, but when they aren't...Sandwich plates were so tasty, the combinations complimented perfectly. Perfect portions of food, and pleasing environment.I live in the area known as "The Pizza Capitol of the World". You can't spit  without hitting a pizza place around here, and they are different in various ways, but you're hard pressed to find bad pizza in NEPA. So we've always found New Orleans to be lacking in good pizza places. But in a city known for its food, who cares if you can get a good pizza with so many other options right? Except that sometimes, you just crave pizza! 
Since we are spoiled by the multitude of amazing pizza places, we will never eat Pizza Hut, Domino's, Papa Johns or Little Caesars. That would be like going to NOLA and eating at McDonald's or Subway. You just don't do it. 
But then we found Angeli's. Have walked by it many a time and a few years ago we finally decided to give it a try. We got the Lucifers special. It is sooo good! Love the hot peppers on the pizza. Crust is done just right and the sauce is tasty.  Service is quick and they can accommodate large groups. We've even done take out and our pizza was cooked to perfection.  
Typical folksy New Orleans decor., sit at a table by the windows for people watching.I've been here several times. I'm a vegetarian and this is one of my favorite place to go in the quarter. There are several options, which is a nice change.
I love their veggie buger. It's house made - Spicy black bean goodness. My husband really enjoys their portebella sandwich. 
The pizza is pretty tastey as well. 
Another plus is that they deliver. Which is great for the days I don't feeling swimming through tourist to get there.The Mediterranean burger is soooooooo good!!  I love the alternative/hipster vibe here. Pasta salad: delicious!!Food and service are both very average. Prices are resonable for the location.
They deliver! Plan ahead though because it may take an hour or so to get your food.Angeli is definitely one of my favorite eateries in NOLA.. and usually one of my scheduled stops if the drinks havent infected my sense of direction.  I would've given the place 5 stars, however, the feta triangles (phyllo dough with spinach and feta) dont have enough spinach. But other than that, everything is good on the menu, just about everything. The pizzas, arent your normal fare, super hearty/rich. Everything is pretty good, compared to the slop you can find at other places late at night. Don't miss out.Positive: We were looking to grab some pizza in the quarter, but not the gross slices on Bourbon St. Man, did Angeli hit the spot. This pizza was incredible and reasonably priced. We loved some of the original pizzas (we had the celestial chicken pesto and the mystic pizza) The crust was perfect, delicious; buttery and garlic. We still dream about it. A small (11') pizza is enough for one person. Small (5$) corking fee. 
Negative: Service was lacking. We weren't greeted at the door, we weren't seated by anyone, and the bill took a while to get. 
Overall: Great pizza, probably the best in the Quarter, and some of the best pizza we've had in a long time. A nice change from Creole/Cajun food. We'd highly recommend it.This place never lets me down...I've been frequenting this establishment for fifteen years and it always has cool servers, and delicious food way into late night in the bustling social scene of lower Decatur. "The Sampler" is not to be something to miss!!So let me preface this with we didn't get here on purpose. My wife and I were actually waiting to eat at Coops, but after an ungodly wait, we decided to move along. After a bit of wandering, we ended up here. 
We walked by the window and saw someone eating the most beautiful pizza crust we'd ever seen. That's when we knew where we were eating that night. 
We started with a grilled chicken salad, which was actually amazing all by itself. The chicken was amazing, and the greens and vegetables were all remarkably fresh. The dressing was made in house and was also delicious. 
Now onto the pizza!  The crust was just as exquisite as I previously mentioned. We got a large pie with pepperoni, black olives, mushrooms, and bell peppers. The mushrooms were fresh, which is a big deal to me. When you pulled off a slice, the cheese strings pulled for miles. It was mucho awesome-o!
All in all, great place!  A little pricey, but you're getting what you pay for.So after being away from my beloved New Orleans for a year and a half, I was psyched to go back to Angeli for one reason: Blue Cheese Burger. I get there, sit down and low and behold THEY WERE OUT OF BURGERS!!! :(
Seriously sad
I settled for the Feta triangles with spinach (AMAZING) and a grilled cheese and pasta salad. They were all delicoius. 
Get the burger, if they aren't "out of burgers".. yes I'm a little bitter.. Maybe next year!We had heard so much about Angeli's that I took my family there for lunch.  We were quite pleased with the food - especially the sandwiches (wonderful bread).  The hummus was good, but I think mona's is better.  The divine portabella was also decent, but "divine" is a bit of a stretch.
The atmosphere was good, some funky decor on the walls but nothing to write a novel about.  Service was average.
I will go back, next time I'm trying the pizza!This is my favorite lunch spot in New Orleans. They have a killer range of vegetarian options. I always opt for one of the three vegetarian sandwiches. The pasta salad is also the greatest pasta salad to ever exist. It's one of the best foods I've ever had. My girlfriend got the vegetarian wrap, which I'd never tried but it was delicious. I've also heard that the pizza is killer although I've never tried it. Angeli was the first truly great food spot I found in New Orleans. I would recommend this place to anyone, from the long time New Orleannian and first time tourist. Whenever I have a friend come to town I always take them here for lunch or dinner whenever we spend a day in the quarter.So unfortunately an old standby of mine has taken on new ownership and I am not pleased. I gave it a break at first while they waited to get a new liquor license when they first opened and got their wings. But the service (although it was never stellar) is simply horrible and the food is no longer good and the pricing is a tourist trap. Once a local joint is now a tourist trap and I won't be back. I ordered a calzone which was $10.25 (perfectly reasonable)  I opted to added some ingredients which were not priced on the menu (spinach, artichoke and sundries tomato). When the food arrived 50 minutes later (and let it be said I believe I was the only customer who ordered food) I was charged an additional $9.25 for the 3 toppings In my calzone (double the price of the item). And on top of that I didn't see the toppings in the actual calzone.   It took me asking 4 people until someone would talk to me about it and she took off the spinach which u pointed out had 2 leaves of spinach in the entire meal (cut in 1/4). So 1/2 leaf of spinach for $2.25. I didn't see much of anything else besides cheese they still charged me for everything but the spinach. I have never been anywhere were they double ur calzone price for adding 3 toppings. And beyond that the quality was not good. I came here for years before it got sold and loved it. A layed  back local joint that catered to locals is now targeting tourist and doesn't care about any of the locals or their opinions. I won't be back and honestly depressed what they turned this establishment into.Excellent salads and hot and cold pasta, and their hours can't be beat. Frequently showing weird movies with the volume off.I'm so sad! I went and got my usual, and the hummus tasted a bit like plastic.  Something was off about the pizza, too.  And there was no longer a cocktail menu.  When asked about the bar offerings, our server stated that they have "beer, wine, and liquor, but not many options of each." The ambiance seemed different as well, but that could have been a result of my displeasure with the rest of the experience.Food was good, some of the best in the Quarter  but the service makes it not worth the visit. If I wanted elitist snobs I would have stayed in Los Angeles.The best sit down Pizza place in New Orleans though I havnt been in a while and there have been some new places that have popped on to the scene. My favorite is the chicken diablo and from what I recall the salads are great too.I've always gotten good food here ... prices are reasonable - the few times I've had pizza delivered, it was prompt, and hot.  It's one of my fave places to go when getting together with a lot of friends.  Plenty of room and an atmosphere, you can talk and be heard..I LOVED my time in New Orleans, don't get me wrong. The people, the vivacity, the music.
But after day 4, the thought of eating another cajun or creole style meal began to wear on me.
Enter Angeli.
It was the most perfect intervention ever. Healthy pizzas, organic sandwiches, hearty salads. No local spices, no jambalaya, no seafood doused in cayenne pepper. Just grilled meats, fresh breads and FIBER in the form of uncooked veggies! Yes!
The decor is insanely eclectic and would make your most native San Franciscan double-check her surroundings. Yep, we're still in NOLA, it just feels like we're in Lower Haight. Post modern murals plastered on the walls, along with loads of NOLA-centric artwork. I loved it. Even better was the BEST electro-pop mixes I have heard in a long time, playing overhead. I swear one of the songs was Jay Z with Duran Duran. Plus the service was AMAZING - fast, to the point and friendly.
Anyway, if you need a break from the typical stuff, this is your best bet. I'd come back here in a heartbeat!I work downtown so I order in most days. This place always gets it right, and the food taste great. Service is usually pretty speedy too. I have tried several different things on the menu and have yet to find a bad dish.Just looking inside you might be scared away because it doesn't look like much, but the pizza was actually quite good. 
The wait staff was really chill and laidback too.Been here a few times. Disappointed every time. I  think this place tries to hard to be hip and cool and looses touch with ingredients that make this type of food great.The food here is good, however it is not consistent. Some times it is better than others.
My main problem is with the hipster wait staff. I ordered the grilled chicken Caesar salad, cost about $9 which is ok for the size. I handed the hipster waiter who never checked on me a twenty dollar bill, he had the audacity to ask "Do you need change".....really made me want to leave no tip.
Rude service. Food is sometimes great other times just ok.Food was ok, ambiance was poor and the bathrooms were deplorable.   Will not go there again.This place was really good. We stopped in after finally making a decision about where to eat and we're not disappointed. The portions are pretty large and easy to share. We ordered the garlic cheese bread, chicken chef salad, and the pesto pasta with chicken.  
All of the food was good and our bill was only $34My boyfriend and I were looking for a quick and quiet spot to grab some food after a long day of touring the French Quarter. We stopped here and the location was very quiet for its location. Our server was very attentive and extremely friendly. The Lucifer's Pizza was perfect!!! However, we didn't like the Tomato Dip.... It was more like paste.This is my default restaurant when I'm hungry and I'm in/around the French Quarter.  I love their food (though I always get the same thing, the spinach and artichoke sandwich), the service is attentive, and whenever I call to order delivery they're always really nice.  
I wish I had a better story about Angeli, but really, their sandwiches are awesome, the pizzas I've had are also great, and I eat there all the time.  If you've ever been to Fellini's or Fresco Cafe (Mid-City and Uptown, respectively) and enjoyed it, then you'll definitely like Angeli.  
They're open late, they deliver, and I've never had to wait for a table.  The food is good, inexpensive, and makes great leftovers. Win, win, win.Buyer beware. If a zero was possible I'd give zero. Bad pizza and shady bartenders. Bought 2 pbr's and paid with a twenty. He gave me a dollar back and insisted I gave him a ten. I had just used an ATM that only gave twenty dollar bills. So there was no way I gave him a ten. Total scum bags.Went for lunch on a Friday afternoon.  My friend and I split a portobello sandwich and an artichoke spinach sandwich.  Both were really tasty, and generously portioned.  Service was slow but friendly, and our food came out pretty quickly after ordering.  A good selection of vegetarian options; I will definitely return.A sandwich shop with an artsy rustic feel to draw in the tourists.  Props for an extensive vegitarian menu. I'm not a vegitarian, but after so many days of heavy french and creole food, a portabella sandwich is just what the doctor ordered. 
The sandwich wasn't amazing, but passable. I would recommend to anyone looking for veggie sandwiches or something a little healthier than the standard Quarter fare.Well I guess we were a little disappointed, but it was okay. I had the spicy meatballs with pasta - not as spicy as some reviews stated, but just not that exciting. My husband ordered the chicken diavola pizza - soggy crust in the middle put a damper in the good flavor.  
Would we go back - probably not. Did it suck - no. I'm just giving it an honest so-so.The food here (especially the pizza) was amazing. I really love it. But the service was just plain bad. The waitress was rude and made it obvious that the interaction was about her and her leisure and not the customer. That doesn't cut it. And on top of that, that automatically added gratuity for our party of 5. The mandatory tip was not justified by the quality of service. Next time I'm getting the awesome food ... To go.You might think if you've had one grilled cheese you've had them all... but the grilled cheese here is a breed all it's own... not to mention you and your date can both get a meal and coffee for a grand total of $15
Love it.One of the best pizza stops in the city but the calzone, not so much. There is an art to making a great calzone, the dough, the cheese and other ingredients have to be baked at the right temperature for the right amount of time for it to be great. Unfortunately on this one the dough was perfect but not much else. Both the cheese and the eggplant was undercooked. I still will go for a good pizza especially when they have so many varieties but no on the calzone.Been a loyal customer since birth. Try the pasta salad and spinach and artichoke sandwich. Good delivery.Great taste but do not order the gyro. There are literally 3 strips of meat on the pita bread with mostly lettuce and onions.We ended up here because we waited too long to make a reservation anywhere else and had a hungry 3 year old in tow.  It seems that the only good thing about this place is that it tends to be empty so you can always get a seat.  There were seven of us.  We ordered salads which were huge but totally mediocre and covered in Kraft Parmesan cheese.  The pizza was boring--not enough cheese and a crust that could break teeth.  The pastas were also huge but on par with something you could dump out of a jar at home.  On the plus side, the drinks were strong.  On the minus side, everything else.Stopped here while on a weekend trip with a childhood friend who is a regular. At 7pm on a Saturday the place was dead. We ordered beers, but three of the kegs were out. Our waitress was as spacey as it gets, even for NOLA. However, once the crowd picked up and our food came, my impression completely changed. Pizza and eggplant app are wonderful! Some of the best I've had! Prices are very reasonable. I'll definitely be back!Definately one of the best late night food places to be had in the quarter area.
Nothing hit's the spot during a night of drinking like a 1am Angeli's pizza.
Be forewarned, the garlic cheese sticks are essentially the same as the cheese pizza, with some garlic added and sauce removed. Not that there's anything wrong with that, it's just a tad redundant to order both :P.
I'd give it more stars, but I recently went during the daytime (late lunch), and it's just not as impressive as when it's more full of action at night.Great casual pizza for a true New Orleans experience. Located in the heart of it all. I'm sure this place is hustling at night we were there for lunch and it was slow but pizza was still wonderful. Ambiance isn't great but not necessary for good pizza! Price was affordable!I visit this place everytime I'm in New Orleans! It's always the best place to eat! The food is great and has vegetarian choices to please all!! Always adding new items and keeping old ones too! The best place for late night! Halloween weekend, movies were shown on the wall so dinner & a movie. I had the hamburger with bacon and wow! it was really good,went back again, but with Halloween crowds they ran out  of burgers so had pizza, just as pleased, The wait staff are super friendly, glad to see Angeli lives on, my #1 choice!Angeli on Decatur is a good, solid Quarter restaurant with very reasonable prices. They have delicious pizzas, good hamburgers, and great pasta salad. This restaurant is a nice casual place to enjoy some good food after a day of trekking through the Quarter and open late enough to enjoy after some bar hopping. I will warn you though that the service is a bit off. You may find yourself standing in the doorway for a few minutes before someone acknowledges you. I suggest you just relax and take a seat. Grab a waiter the next time one passes by. Don't get all huffy. It's New Orleans and no one is in a hurry. Have a beer and enjoy the food.Moved to the Quarter Halloween weekend and I have been looking for great pizza since the move. I just had the Lucifer Special today and I am delighted to share that I have found my go to for great pizza. I was extremely pleased with the quality of my pizza and they deliver!Definitely not what it used to be pre-Katrina, but still a great spot none the less.
Having worked in the French Quarter, I have fond memories of their wonderful pastas and pizzas and turkey sandwich at 2am after getting off work.
It seems like the menu has changed a bit, but all in all I consider this spot a good stand by in the Quarter that I will continue to frequent.Upon finding a line at every other restaurant, my friend and I dropped in here for dinner during Mardi Gras. Given the emptiness of the place, we were a tad skeptical of its quality, but in the end it wasn't half bad. Our server was quick and considerate, and flexible when it came to substitutions.
I requested a very strange order--a portabella sandwich with no cheese, and tomatoes in place of the titular mushroom. What?... Mushrooms make sammies soggy. Entrees come with a side, and I chose the pasta salad. My friend got an appetizer with creamy red pepper sauce and pita bread.
We ended up eating on the go for fear of missing the parade, but I can't say I enjoyed the meal any less. The sandwich came on a fluffy ciabatta roll, and its flavors were many: smoky red pepper, herbs, and garlic among others. The pasta salad, however, was my favorite part--decadently moist with olive oil and very well seasoned. Both items needed some salt, but luckily I'd brought some.
Seems like a decent spot for lunch or dinner. Their pizza looks mouthwatering, and they do fried pickles, too.This place is so convenient since I often hang out on lower Decatur at night.  So, the late hours and location are just right.
The food is pretty good.  I always get the Lucifer's special.  The crust on this pizza is not my favorite, its very thin and can get a bit burnt.  However, overall the pizza is good.
My main complaint is the temperature.  It is so cold inside that my pizza becomes cold before I'm finished eating.  I consider this a serious issue because it affects my experience of being uncomfortable while I'm there and I really detest cold pizza.I have been here a few times on past visits, Never again!.
I used to come here for their grilled cheese sandwich, it was pretty tasty.
I came here with a couple of friends and we wanted separate checks, not really a big deal or so we thought??. The waitress was outright rude and that is totally unacceptable. Had it not been for the fact of looking forward to having a grilled cheese, we would have walked out then and there....The food came and it was not even near as good as it was the past few times I had been there. Perhaps the shitty service also added to the unappetizing food. We left exact change and walked out and this crap waitress (who should seriously think about getting a job where she doesn't have to flaunt her unsocial behavior in front of people) actually asked us why we didn't leave a tip...clearly, not a rocket scientist...so there is another job opportunity missed on her part. I didn't actually hear what she said, I just heard someone behind us yapping. One of the people with us felt bad and gave her an undeserved tip. I only hope that she used this money to but some laxative to purge her shitty attitude. I won't be back. Have fun scaring away what customers you have left with your winning personality.....lolI love Angeli. I crave the portebella sandwich. Definitely not the place to go if you are in a hurry. It's a comfortable atmosphere. I tend to like places that aren't full of pretense. I have my niece hooked too. Whenever she comes in town, we try to go elsewhere, but usually end up here.Angeli's was the very first restaurant I have dined at in New Orleans. Due to some confusion about transportation, my original arrival of 12:30 AM at my bed and breakfast became 2:45 AM. At this point, I have not had anything to eat for over 14 hours and my last meal was a small garden salad. To say that I was famished by then is a major understatement. I wanted to get started with Creole food, but the concierge at my B&B (located at Esplanade) told me that Angeli's is the nearest restaurant still open and the food is really good. Also, it is along the way to Cafe du Monde (whose beignets I was more than anxious to try). Reluctantly, I took my concierge's advice and headed to Angeli's.
It did not disappoint. The bartender/waiter, Josh, is a rockstar and was my hero that night! He was very accommodating and was my first introduction to the renowned Southern hospitality. I didn't bother with the menu but asked him to recommend something that would be prepared quickly and that did not contain red meat. He suggested the Virtuous Angel pizza. With a name like that, how could a girl resist?!? The artichoke, spinach and mushroom toppings were very good with the garlicky sauce. But the cheese. That cheese..... Mmmm... I couldn't get enough of it! 
Definitely check Angeli's out. The food is reasonably priced and really rather tasty. The staff are friendly and interesting to talk to. The location is fairly near Frenchmen and the French Market. And they are open late.Solid pie in the big easy.  The pizza was surprisingly fresh and well put together with tasty toppings and a perfectly cooked dough.  Salad was fine, nothing to write home about though the balsamic dressing was quite good.
Yet another example of rushed service.  To the point that our server would literally only slow down as he walked past the table.  When we made him stop at one point to put in a longer request he looked annoyed.  Hmm.  Service not such a big selling point in New Orleans so far.
Decently priced and not too crowded on a Friday night during Jazz Fest.  Did what we needed it to, which was fill out empty stomachs.I've been coming here for 15 years and they still make the best chicken calzone I've ever had.  A few other must haves are the Divine Portobello appetizer (amazing), the grilled cheese sandwich and the pasta salad.Angeli, you have saved my drunken life more times then I care to admit!   I usually stumble in during the wee hours of the morning.   At that time, I'm hungry and desperately in need of large quanity of carbs enough to soak up the  alcohol out of my system so I can drive home.  Therefore, the cheezy bread sticks is always ordered first!   The bread sticks are loaded with cheese and sprinkled with just a hint of garlic ....A-Maze-ing!!!   I wish the marina sauce was better!   My absolute favorite dish here is the Pasta Salad.  It's a multi-color spiral pasta, mixed with Kalamata olives, tomatoes and tossed with a balsamic dressing.  Yum!  
I love this place, for it's food, the ambiance, the eccentric paintings on the wall, and mostly for the people who wonder in and out of Angeli doors.  
Staff is always cool even at 3:00 amMe and my girlfriend had this pizza on the night out on the town after New Years and this place offered the best pizza hands down in New Orleans. I'm definitely coming back for more of it. The crust just melts in your mouth and the cheese taste so fresh. The waiters are nice too. Bomb.com!!When I lived in New Orleans years ago this place was amazing. Was in town for a trip and was excited to eat lunch at Angeli. The food has really gone down hill, the gyro meat was like a strip of leather. The 'salad' consisted of some romaine lettuce and two pieces of tomato. Hummus and pita bread was $10!! 
I will never bother going there again. Too bad, it used to be delicious.We have dined in several times and were satisfied. Tonight I called in a pizza order for pick up.
When I arrived the order had not been put in, the server was gracious, apologetic and made me feel okay with the simple error which was quickly resolved and again with an excellent pizza. Great place with good products and service.A block away from home... I treated myself to a pesto dinner & a pecan root beer. They had 80s emo jams bumpin', & black & white films projecting on the dark side of the room. I dig this place. #memondayOmg! You must have the pita sampler and pasta salad. To die for! Also ask for Marti as your waiter he is phenomenal. My fianc and I absolutely love this place. Wish they would open one in Metairie too! Superb!One of my very favorite lunch spots in Nola.  Ate there for the first time in eight years the other day and I swear the food hasn't changed a bit.  Best turkey sandwich on planet Earth.  How they get the bread so tasty will forever be a mystery to me. (Witchcraft?).  Love love love.The pizza at Angeli on Decatur used to be decent... especially with the limited pizza delivery options in the FQR.
We were looking forward to the "Lucifer" pizza that was delivered tonight.  It was absolutely terrible.  It really seemed like a frozen pizza with a hard / chewy crust and sugar sweet sauce.
And the prices are much higher than on their website.  The person who took my order said it's because they have a new owner, who's raised the prices.
The pizza was so bad, that I wouldn't eat it if it were free.
Will go to Pizza Delicious or Domenica next time.Stopped in here for a bite and a drink after checking into my hotel. Ordered a margarita, a Caesar salad, and a pepperoni calzone. The salad was pretty good- lettuce was crisp and bright and the croutons the right size, but the dressing wasn't that great. The drink served its purpose, but I needed two to feel anything. The calzone came out pretty quickly and smelled delicious! I could only eat half. It was yummy! I would come back again, but would stick with a calzone and no alcohol.Checked it out based on the recommendation of a friend and wasn't disappointed. We had the Mystical which was excellent.Look, I know I didn't particularly like this restaurant while I was eating here, but that's no reason for that giant mural of Drew Brees to keep staring at me!
It wasn't my fault that the pesto pasta lacked any zest and the noodles were too hard.  I also found the portion size a bit too small and it really left me wanting more.  From somewhere else.  But at $11.25, that was pretty much dinner.
Now if the mozzerella bread this restaurant puts on the side of said pasta dish was any indication, I probably would have enjoyed my pizza if I had gotten that.  That bread was amazing with a just thick enough layer of mozzerella cheese to make it chewy with each bite.  I almost wouldn't call it bread at all.  It was almost pizza.
Just like this place is almost an Italian restaurant.  A laid back pizzeria catering to a vegetarian crowd, yes.  And I did appreciate the vibe with some really awesome concert posters lining all the walls and the punk rock waitstaff.
But a bit too expensive a pizzeria for my taste.  So stop judging me, Drew Brees mural.  Stop judging me!  Also, stop playing so well when you're on my opponent's team in fantasy football.Go here for lunch. The sandwiches are all superb and always get the pasta salad. I've never liked pasta salad and yet now I must have it.This was a nice, inexpensive place for lunch, but I wasn't impressed with my sandwich (the Angeli's special) or the pasta salad. The pasta salad had a little too much vinegar in it for my taste, and the sandwich just didn't have quite enough flavor for me. The service was also really slow. On the other hand, the lunch was cheap, the setting was nice, and we appreciated the vegetarian options.Short review.
The pasta salad was NOT as good as you all said lol I suppose I was hoping for it taste a bit cleaner...fresher...idk the word i'm looking for but it was extremely mayo-y and I was not pleased.
The chicken calzone, on the other hand, was super tasty! From the crust to the cheese, it was great!Mediocre food and terrible service.  Waited over an hour for a pepperoni pizza and a chicken salad on a non-busy Sunday night.  Waitress never came back to our table after giving us drinks.  Finally after 2 other groups after us got food I asked what was up.  She said there was a "glitch" in the system and orders had to be re-entered.  Never apologized or came to our table to let us know.  Didn't offer to discount our meal for the wait.  She really didn't give a crap.   We had Dante pizza 2 nights before on St. Peters and it was WAY better with friendly and fast service.  Don't waste your time or money here.We planned on eating at another restaurant & they were closed for lunch because of Easter. We ended up here & we hadn't been here in several years. The salad & pizzas was delicious! The atmosphere here is definitely lacking especially with its graffiti on the bathroom stalls but it's New Orleans. I have been to dives like this before & sometimes it those places that serve some of the best food.Ordered delivery and items were left off, toppings missing, and one whole pizza switched for another. Called the restaurant and was told a new pizza was on the way--an hour later we call back and they had forgotten us.After having a very difficult time finding parking this was a short walk away - what a sweet surprise! Very nice waitress, fast service, clean space, good pizza and COOL inside. What more could you ask for? We will definitely be coming back next time around.We each had a personal pizza and they were pretty good. Crust was really good though. Small beer selection and the atmosphere was lacking (might have bee the Monday evening dinner time?).  Staff was friendly but we were expecting a little more based on previous Yelp reviews.I love this little place. It's one place I stop when I'm in New Orleans. Great for a daytime beer drinking place. Food is decent and the wait staff is nice. I love this interior of this corner restaurant. They have a little bar in there that you can sit at and people watch at sidewalk goers and other passers by. I recommend it.Meh. We got take out. 2 spaghetti and meatball meals for $40. With prices like that we were expecting something amazing! 
But the sauce was watered down (and a little too sweet) and the meatballs were burnt and no cheese? Super disappointed! We've had way better Italian for way better prices. 
Staff were nice though.Walked in on a Tuesday night with some friends.  We are from out of town and it had good reviews.  We were not disappoint.  I got a pizza that was phenomenal.  The rest of the group really liked what they got.  Our only complaint was that the waiter/bartender wasn't attentive to drink refills.  Other than that, great food, questionable service.One of my favorite places to eat in the quarter.
They have delicious food.  From sandwiches to pizza.  My absolute favorite is the Mystic pizza.  Oh my gah!  It is so good. I seem to remember gettng a pasta salad here once.  I love how big the servings are here and the place is perfect for groups. Also, this place is open late, so it's a great place to stop if you need some dinner after a long night.  
Try not to be put off by the paintings on the wall that seem to resemble Angelina Jolie.
Fun fact: a friend of mine lives in the apartment directly above this place and his pad smells like pizza 24/7...a little cool and a little weird, eh?We were here back in July and it was mediocre food. But at the time we were starving so it was convenient. Here again for Mardi Gras and it was just such an awful experience. We came in with a group of friends and some ordered beers and food. The server, the red headed guy with a half shaved head, asked everyone how they were and cut off the first person to answer and said "like I give a shit." I'd like to think I have a good sense of humor and understand that working in the service industry during Mardi Gras is probably awful. However, no need to treat people that way. I had intended on ordering food but after that comment and several other snide/rude comments we just left. Never want to go there again. Dude is an unhappy dick head obviously.Lunch here was wonderful! Had the portabella mushroom sandwich with a side of pasta and a salad. The service was quick and friendly. It's also open till 4am!Service was great food was good, until I saw those rats running by our table. A customer walked out after she seen them too, poor lady. Would I come back? Maybe.I am a big fan of Angeli's.  The first time I went, my best friend and I were sauced to the point of shoveling food into our mouths without care.  I thought I remembered a good meal, but wanted to be sure, so Dave and I made up an excuse to go into the city so we could eat there.
I am so glad to have gone sober!!  While the sampler appetizer with hummus, sun dried tomato spread, roasted red bell peppers and flatbread were good, it was not great like I had romanticized. The pasta salad, even though I HATE olives, was great.  Just be sure to like dill. Dill is one of my favorite herbs, so I relished i the pasta salad.  Dave wasn't much of a fan, but his sandwich was satisfying enough. I had the portabella sandwich (so good, I want one right now), and Dave had the meatball sub (he ate the entire thing before I could get a bite).
I can't wait to go back.  I love that the place is on the outskirts of the quarter a bit, so it was away from the hustle and bustle of the district.  For people who frequent the area, it's nice to get away when not entertaining out of town guests who want a hurricane and po' boy.
If you get the chance, on the same street, there is a bar called the Turtle Bay Bar (?). Great bartender, tastes of beer if you're not too sure... fun and relaxing!  Last time I was there, I saw John Malkovich with his grandkids walking down the street!(vegan/vegetarian - New Orleans is totally doable!)
Great spot for a casual lunch or dinner. My wife got the 4-cheese pizza and said it was very good - it was definitely big enough for two to share. I asked for a vegan version of the portabella mushroom sandwich, and it was *amazing*. And filling. And I'm a pretty hungry guy. 
The great food along with the friendly and kind service leaves nothing to be desired. Yey for Angeli!Went here today in the afternoon and was blindsided by the rudeness and disdain we were confronted with. The policy of no separate checks is ridiculous. The waitress was outright rude and then mouthed off about not receiving a tip from the previous two ladies. I would assume it was because of her attitude. I gave in and tipped her because I felt bad. The food itself was adequate but the way we were treated soured the whole experience.Greek chicken salad and bread sticks. Can't go wrong for lunch. Just wish they expanded to bywater area.I really enjoy the pizza here.  I've been iffy on the other stuff, but that may just be because I enjoy the pizza here so much.
Especially the lucifer's special.
Especially on good Friday.
Mainly my complaint is that it's always cold in there and the wait staff in my experience hasn't been reliable.
But my friends swear up and down it's rare.  I just must go at the wrong times.
But good Friday is always the right time.Remember Steak-Um?  They serve something like it here.  Probably my bad for ordering a gyro at an Italian-ish place.  Bit three strips of Steak-Um?  Not kidding here - took me back to the 70's (generally don't want that).  Three identically sized rectangles of beef-food.  And them some greens and pita.  I couldn't believe it.  Still can't.  The worst excuse for a gyro I've ever seen.  I hope it's the worst thing on the menu.
On the other hand, the pasta salad was pretty nice.  I've heard their pizza is good, but haven't had it.  
Don't order the gyro.Great calzones! Love the chicken calzone, which is huge and a bargain compared to the other overpriced restaurants in the French Quarter. The chicken diavolo pizza rocks if you're into a pizza with a little kick. Overall, excellent Italian food and great sauce. 
The biggest con is the location, which is near the Decatur/Frenchmen St. divide. This is where all the angst-filled and troublemaking homeless hippies gravitate. One of them walked by the restaurant and kept sticking his middle finger at all the patrons. Wasn't too pleasant, when with the family.Used to come here all the time for late night eats. Hummus plate is off the chain, so were their chicken wings, i dont know what they do with them but it always taste great with the bleu cheese, roasted red peppers with the humms is awesome.  Only problem is looking for parking in the QuartersNever again. I'm one to give too many chances and Angeli's time is done. The service is crap when you call to order delivery. They have been out of the three desserts they claim to carry for a few MONTHS now. How do you not get around to replacing your ingredients for months?? Ordered a large cheese pizza (should be $12 or less) and two cans of Coca Cola. How then was my total $20.54? Pretty hefty price tag for two sodas that should cost about $0.50... Anyway the price isn't the issue. The product quality is. It took 45 minutes for me to wonder where the heck my pizza was to call and be told by the less than bright girl behind the counter that her delivery guy wasn't there yet. No phone call to me though to let me know. So I request a new pizza be made as I don't want a cold pizza that's been sitting for an hour by the time he gets it here when he does decide to show up to work (the trouble with hiring gutter punks)... When it finally came it was clearly NOT remade, it was cold and the cheese was hard, not gooey or warm at all like a fresh one would've been. Even the crust was already cold and hard. DEFINITELY not remade. To top it off, it didn't even come in the nice circle the pieces were tossed around on top of each other. Total nightmare. Save yourself the hassle and bullsh*t from these people and go elsewhere.Stumbled on this great place during my last visit.  I have to say I'm embarrassed I never knew about it when I lived in town.  Great food. Pizza was excellent so was the sandwich my daughter got but the best thing we had was the salad we ordered the Greek salad and didn't look at the dressing but it came with a sun dried tomato vinaigrette.  I would eat that on anything. Had a great kick to it and the perfect amount of oil. I'm so sad this salad is 8 hours away from me nowOK, maybe I was drunk, but that was seriously one good bacon hamburger.  And the pasta salad-- yum.  And they delivered to the bar I was firmly planted in.
Well, OK, I was definitely drunk, but I stand by my review.Food was good (3 stars) but the ambivalent service bordering on rude was very disappointing (0 stars) Not kid friendly / group friendly - don't bother going here if you have either!!! We chose this based on the recommendations of our hotel and Yelp for 3 families with 5 kids. The place was empty but for 3 other customers at 7pm on Thursday. Looking at the menu, I was taken aback by a full page of the menu dedicated to a dozen or so "no" statements / prohibitions in BOLD CAPS. I've never seen a restaurant do that - it was plain weird and felt very unwelcoming. The bartender seemed to be the only waiter and appeared annoyed to wait on us. He was distracted and wanting to get back to standing idle behind the bar - he got a drink order wrong and our appetizer order didn't even register for him. All but one dish came out and the last one took long enough I think he forgot it. At the end, I gave him the bill with 2 cards, suspecting the "no" statements didn't allow it but thinking splitting on two cards is just too easy. Sure enough, not allowed. It was just such a weird and totally unwelcoming experience.I have spent many a late night grubbing on pasta and salads at Angeli. I've never had a bad meal here and though... the food has never been mindblowing- it's consistently decent.
In January 2008, I had couple of pizzas (veggie and a meaty one) and there was the perfect amount of sauce and lots of fixin's. The Greek salad was as good as I remembered from pre-Katrina.
For all the places that I used to frequent, it's nice to come back to NOLA and have Angeli's be a constant source of food and entertainment.Went here during Jazz Fest 2011.  I am very familiar with New Orleans and not only visit every year for a week during the fest but also visit 2 or 3 other times throughout the year.  I have ate here before on my way up to frenchmen st and thought the food was pretty good.
However, walking in here for lunch one afternoon a couple months ago will be the last time I ever visit.  My girlfriend and I walked in and it was very slow, maybe 6 people in the whole restaurant.  We glance at the bartender and he just stares at us and says nothing.  I look around and waitress notices us, nothing as well.  We then decide to seat ourselves.  The waitress walks by and looks at us and says nothing.  Now we're getting a little uncomfortable.  10 minutes goes by and nothing was said to us.  Then I notice the waitress steps outside and smokes a cigarette!
We get up and I glance at the bartender and kinda shake my head and as we walk out the waitress just looks at us again and I say keep up the good work to her and we decided to head to Mona's and have a great lunch and treated the way two people should be treated when walking into a place to give them business.  
Normally I do not write reviews of restaurants but felt this was needed.  I can not ever recall being treated so terribly in my life eating anywhere.Man the employees may look crazy, but they know how to make a pie! Great crust excellent sauce cooked right! Not a great looking placeThis place rocks.
My children and I were in NOLA for a few days on vacation, and stopped by here in the middle of the week. I'm not a big pizza person, but my kids are (like most kids) and I figured this would engender some goodwill.
My kids shared a pizza (and we still had two pieces left over) and I bad the best chicken calzone I had ever eaten in my life, which was seemingly the size of a small child. As I said above, I'm not a big pizza eater, but if there was somewhere like this in my hometown then I probably would be.
The fact that it was only ~$31 for the pizza, calzone, and drinks for everyone was also an unexpected pleasure.
If I ever go back to New Orleans, consider Angeli's my first stop.Great late night eat. The pasta salad is yummy. The peppery portabello sauce is great. Opens late also.This place is my favorite restaurant I've ever been to. I live in chicago and get cravings for it all the time! It's relaxing atmosphere and friendly staff are awesome, and it's great for lunch, dinner, or late night. The tomato salad dressing is delicious, and their sandwiches are perfect. My favorite was the turkey. The pizza we got was incredible but I forgot the name. Starts with a V and has garlic herb sauce and artichokes. In terms of drinks id say one of the best bloody Mary's in the quarter. Be careful of: no split checks, no substitutions, and no separated orders.Old School pizza/Sandwiches/salads.  A great place to go if you are looking for good quality food that is affordable.
They have two different types of bread appetizers. Order the one that is pizza-like with a marinade dipping sauce.  It is the best tasting and very affordable. We were a party of five, and had Caesar salad, pizza, pasta salad, grill cheese sandwich and a meatball sandwich. I tasted everything, and everyone at the table gave the it meal an enthusiastic thumbs up (including me). Suggestion:  if you order the grilled cheese, ask for a side of marinara for dipping.
Service was just fine. We were there about 9:00 on a Friday night, and it was surprisingly slow. Food came out quick and the waitstaff was attentive.   Total price for 5 people including one cocktail each and tip was $22.00.The service ranges from mediocre to bad. But the food is delicous and when I'm on vacation I'm OK with waiting longer than I would at home. We always eat here at least once while in New Orleans and I plan to continue the tradition.Jason I. said it... old-school pizza, sandwiches, and salads.
The place was dead at 9pm but I hear it's slammin' later when drunk people come in before round two. Glad I saw it when it was slower.
Enjoyable, but nothing special, in a city full of amazing places. Slow service (considering we were the only ones there), and pretty average Italian food.Very friendly staff and fast!  It was a great break to the FQ madness... bought a bottle of wine at Verti Marte and got the food to go and had dinner in the courtyard of our hotel close by.  Really nice!This place was so awesome. The environment and atmosphere are awesome and the waitress was super nice. The food came out fast and was super good. We got the 10" Lucifers Special pizza with jalapeos, very much recommended. The lemonade is house made, so there are no free refills, but it was super tasty and perfect to cool down from the Louisiana heat.it was the last night of our week long stay and me and my cousin were just strolling around. had a hunger attack so we started checking menus. my cuz dislikes seafood,and the smell of it, so he said no to all the joints we passed. we saw this place and it wasn't crowded, only had 3 tables and a couple of folks at the bar area. we had an older woman seat is and a young girl took our order promptly . we got the hummus and spinach sampler thing and 2 calzones. the sampler was really good,with the red hummus being the best. I got the meatball calzone and cuz got a tomato,ham and pineapple calzone. can't write home to mom about them , they didn't suck, kind of just made a turd. the sauce was like tomato past with nothing done to it, no flavor. great service,and friendly so hopefully other menu items are better.The pizza is reliably good (which I find to be a little rare in New Orleans) as are their appetizers (their hummus is really good). The sandwiches are a little hit and miss, depending on who they have in the kitchen that day.
They are open late, which is definitely nice and the atmosphere is generally pretty decent.
The delivery is usually pretty remarkably fast (It's gotten to me in less than 20 minutes in some cases) and just as importantly to me; it's always been accurate.Stopped here at lunch time because it was open and the prices listed appeared to be reasonable (New Orleans standards for reasonable that is). Eight dollars and fifty cents for the sandwiches with one side.
It was 20 minutes after opening time and there were no other customers in the place so there was no wait.
I had the Portabella Mushroom sandwich with pasta salad and coffee. Overall the sandwich was okay but the bun was too dry and crunchy. The actual items of the veggie sandwich were okay but the bread was dry. The pasta salad was some of the best I have had anywhere. My meal would rate a 3.5 out of five.
The other person had the Roasted Eggplant sandwich with green salad and coffee.
Let me say this, we cook and eat eggplant quite often but have never had it as a sandwich item. The eggplant sandwich was described as terrible. The eggplant was tough and overcooked which when added to the dry bun was too much of a bad thing. The green salad was average. That meal would rate about a 2.0 or lower.
The server was quick and courteous but for the first 10 minutes we were the only people there so what else did he have to do?
We tried it once and it didn't leave an above average impression so with so many other places to go in New Orleans we won't be back.Walking into this place and I'm immediately reminded of how much I love coming here.
The walls are adorned with very interesting art.  Some of which I would like to come home with me such as the hearts and angels.  
The pizza is quite delicious and brings me back time and time again.  The cheese is really what makes it.  It's gooey and creamy goodness makes me dream about the next time I"ll be coming back even while I'm still sitting there eating.  
OOO you know what else is awesome, they have pita with this tangy tomato dipping sauce so good and worth the try.
AND I won't forget to include the salads, my favorite is the greek, but the others have their place in my thoughts as well.  They are pretty big so if you want to share with your love or maybe just a friend feel free there will be enough for both of you.  Small pizza and salad and you'll be good to go for the next few hours :)
I Love the fact that they stay open so late as well, I have been known to waltz in after 1 a.m. on the weekends and you wouldn't know it was late by the sprite in their steps. YAY....!
OH one last thing take a jacket because it can get a bit breezy when the fans are on.I've been going to place long before I lived or worked in the French Quarter. Is it the best? No but it does have a lot of pluses. The pizzas are always consistently good, the calzones are great, good hummus, and a really good grilled cheese sandwich. It is very casual and relatively inexpensive. The only drawback is that the staff can be a little rude or short with you at times. Oh yes and they have Barq's in a bottle which all restaurants in New Orleans should have, especially casual dining ones like this. Overall Angeli's should get 3 1/2 stars. I will always keep going back here and keep them in my rotation of pizza delivery options. Oh yeah and they're open till 2am which is always nice.This place was a saving grace on my recent trip to NOLA. I'm a vegetarian, which makes finding food there incredibly hard. Finally decided to try this place on a Sunday and ended up eating there Monday and twice on Tuesday. Vegetarian or not, it's DELICIOUS!! I've had the pesto pasta, linguini alfredo, veggie burger, roasted eggplant sandwich, and the garlic bread. I haven't been disappointed, you should definitely check it out!!Phenomenal! Very quiet, quaint place. Very nice staff and the food simply amazing to say the least! The pizza was amazing! The sauce was perfect, the crust had a perfect crunch, and the toppings were great and they didn't hold back on them either! The Linguini Alfredo was magnificent also! I'm a tourist and anytime I come back to New Orleans, I'll come here. I high recommend it. Phenomenal to say the least.I've got to say, if you ever see cops eating at the same spot you're at, it's a good sign. 
In the two weeks I was in town, I ate here twice and there were a couple cops having some lunch on both occasions. 
The pizza here is fantastic. I had the Lucifer's special both times and it was great. We also had a salad and some apps to start and it was all good. 
Bonus: getting away from the pretentious side of the quarter and relaxing and having a quality lunch without breaking the bank.Absolutely dead on a Saturday night at 8pm.  Friendly staff, but they changed the music from rap (which I like) to Duran Duran (which I don't really care for) when we walked in the door.  Ordered a veggie pita wrap, got a meat one.  Waitress apologized profusely and tried to give me dinner for free, but I told her no.  She ended up giving the group 20% off for the mistake.  Veggie wrap was ok.  Way too many garlic cloves in the wrap.  Really big caesar salad on the side, which was nice.The hummus is still really good. That's about where 'good' dried up. The service was ABYSMAL.
 The pizza came out all wrong (missing the roasted red peppers that used to come on it) and when I asked the waitress she said "oh, it's missing roasted red peppers". She came back a few minutes later and said "Get ready to have your mind blown...they are in the sauce. If you want more I'll have to charge you for them"
Halfway through our meal, which we were devouring without any further complaints, she come by and said "oh....you ate that fast. I GUESS i'll bring you the check". I've never been scolded for eating too quickly before and you'd think she'd have offered us something else since we were clearly ravenously hungry. She clearly wanted to get rid of us though and succeeded.
My mind was blown alright, but not at all in the way she meant it.I've never eaten at the establishment, but I've consumed takeout several times.  Angeli is a fantastic dining venue for vegetarians, in a city that is otherwise not very veg-friendly.  The veggie burger is fantastic, however vegans be forewarned - there is egg in the bun, as well as the pizza crusts (so no cheese pizzas simply won't do here, bummer).  I was misinformed of the egg contents (boo!) so I actually tried both so I'm going to go ahead and comment on them.  The veggie burger used to come with two patties, which was beyond awesome - the bread is pretty thick and hearty so the two patties lent to a nice patty-bread ratio.  However, the last few times I had the burger, the downsized it into one patty.  *tear  The patty comprises of some grains and nuts it seems - maybe a tad of TVP or something in there, but it's a nice mildly sweet veggie burger.  The pizzas are amazing, as other reviewers have stated, even without cheese - but again, no point getting it sans cheese, unless you're lactose intolerant or hate cheese.  They really do it up with the toppings, no skimping here and the specialty pizzas are perfectly concocted.  There is a hummus wrap of sorts (the name escapes me) and it's easily veganized as I was informed (I hope correctly!) the actual wrap is vegan and you can just get it sans feta (it comes with mega garlic - yum!).  However, it's nothing to write home about and I wouldn't go out of my way to eat it again.  Kudos to Angeli for having vegetarian options . . . would be nice if they could start carrying vegan bread/dough.We've been coming to Angeli for about 8 years now, and remains one of my favorite spots in New Orleans.  Angeli was and is, a sweet and festive home base before a night out, perfect for grabbing a quick bite and relaxing a bit. 
I am a big fan of their delicious specialty cocktails, and very partial to their generous hummus and pita plate.  (I am not a veggie myself, but I hear this place is an oasis for vegetarians in a particulary carnivorous city.)  My partner will usually get their pizza (probably the best one you will find in town) and I can vouch that it's very tasty.
Staff is sweet, kind of southern hipster-ish, and there's usually cute local art on the walls.  A few people have told me that this is a big favorite of the Brangelina family when they are in town, and weirdly enough the current art display is a series of women who look uncannily like Angelina Jolie.  I wonder if she likes this, or feels creeped out when she comes in.This was one of my regular places to come for late night food when I lived in nola. I love this place. The lucifer pizza is wonderous. Actually all the pizza i've had here as been pretty rad. They have some solid topping combinations. The spicy tomato dip is one of my favorite dips on the planet....and I love dips. I regularly got the dip for dinner instead of an entree. Spicy sweet tomatoes and feta served with warm pita slices. MMMMMM good. I haven't had it in quite a while but the portabella pasta is sweeeeeeet. Angeli's is glorious just because this pasta has HUGE slices of portabella mushrooms not just tiny dime sized thin bites. Man, now I want it. Should've had that instead of dip when I went last week. 
The service can be slow and spotty but it's usually pretty good and the servers are usually pretty interesting to talk to. I also love that they typically play some weird/funky movies or music videos on the wall. Their alcohol selections are pretty great for it being such a tiny place. 
Oh and they deliver in the quarter too!! Yay considering nobody delivers in NOLA. Delivery is seriously lacking in the city.Service was horrible. Such a wait and the place wasn't even busy. Never came back to check on the table. Pizza was ok nothing to call home about but it did the job. The service really needs to improve.Great atmosphere and attentive friendly staff. Being in New Orleans it's not easy finding something on the healthy side, but I lucked out finding this place! While the food won't blow you away like some of the cities finest restaurants, Angeli on Decatur provides great options that will satisfy both the hunger beast and healthy minded. I recommend this place!Overall pretty tasty and a positive experience, but.... we shared a Mediterranean Burger with pasta salad, and the Angeli Special Pizza. Way too much garlic and salt on the pizza (think the eggplant was the salt culprit) and the burger and pasta salad- both too heavily seasoned to compliment each other. Service started out painfully slow, but once we ordered, everything came out super quick and the waitress was pretty awesome.Gave up on this place years ago, but was really happily surprised the other night.  We stopped going after a few times of sitting in the almost empty restaurant and being ignored for 10 or so minutes by waitstaff that was cooly unconcerned...no big deal, plenty of other places in the city and we tip big, so we are happy to drop it elsewhere.
Vegetarian Dad was in town and that usually leaves me scratching my head after the 3 we always take him for the casual meals (Benachin, Coops, and Mona's) but every place  was slow and closing early and I agreed to go to Angeli just because everyone was on the verge of crankiness...
Absolutely great waitress, sweet and helpful about the veggie options. The sandwiches were really good at 8 bucks including a green salad. Nice crunchy bread, big and filling.  Pitchers of Abita for $10? Count me in on that, too.
I'm a typically unhealthy NOLA eater, but every once in a while I get tired of shlopping up the fat (not often, just occasionally)...Angeli is back on top of the list for when we want casual, and healthier than usual food. Well, healthy for New Orleans, each veggie sandwich was thankfully covered with ridiculous amounts of goopy melted cheese. Yum.
I get asked a lot about places to go by folks from California and such places who need a break from the torture we perform on our bodies (but not souls) with our food, I can recommend this place highly.The food was terrific. I was surprised, though, that at noon on a weekday, we were the only people in the restaurant. 
The server forgot to bring us our wings, and delivered them after the meal, BUT, she comped the wings, which made up for the error. That little action speaks volumes to me.Large portions of deliciousness at Angeli!  I got the spinach artichoke sandwich with the pasta salad.  Both were really great and the leftovers the next day were just as good.  I'd definitely come back here on my next visit to NOLA.Under new management and the place has went to trash. All the art was removed, the service sucks. Stay far, far, away!The fact that I've only visited this place while creating or nursing a hangover should not distract from the fact that everything is delicious--pizza, hummus, sandwiches...they do it right here. The waiters are always cute and have more piercings than you. Come in at the right time and enjoy a movie projected onto the bar.Angeli on Decatur is one of my favorite spots in the French Quarter.  It's pretty  non-descript with the exception of their "unique" art on the walls.  It has a divey feel, but the food delivers.  
I always start out with the Sampler Plate, which is a must order.  It consists of hummus, spicy tomato spread, roasted red peppers & feta with pita triangles.  Everything on the plate is great, but the spicy tomato spread is simply wonderful.
Other the sampler, you cannot visit Angeli without trying their pizza.  In my opinion, it is the best in New Orleans.  The Chicken Diavolo is my go-to: spicy red pepper sauce, mozzarella cheese, grilled chicken, red onions, roasted garlic, and jalapeno peppers.  This pizza is simply amazing!  Look at the picture I took of it and disagree...I dare you!  
You really cannot go wrong at Angeli.  I look forward to my next trip to NOLA to pay a visit.Anytime someone I know says they are going to Nola, I tell them they MUST go to Angeli on Decatur (before or after Cafe du Monde, whatevz). I really want this place to stay in business for years and years and years. It will always have a place in my heart. 
The staff are hella friendly and are more than willing to direct out of towners on where the locals go. The food - pause for flashback of me biting into their crazy good portabella sandwich - is absolutely mouthwatering. The location is prime. This place just rocks, ok? 
We left Nola for Houston and then Houston to Charlotte. We weren't planning on stopping by Nola on the way to NC but we did and for one reason alone - to eat at this place. Enough said.Great vegetarian options (hummus, etc.) and excellent pizza.  Loved my salad, and the veggie wrap was excellent.  Whole cloves of garlic in it--crazy!
Supposedly Brad and Angelina haunted this place during their New Orleans days.  Is it coincidence that the Elvira-looking women in the art on the back wall have an Angelina resemblance??  I think not!I live in the quarter and frequent Angeli for late night nibbles. I like its unassuming and down-to-earth nature. This isn't a place where there are scores of hipsters vying for scenesterdom. You won't find $12 for a single toasted ravioli drizzled with aioli and served on a bed of arugula here. If you want that experience, there are plenty of those places elsewhere. There's usually a mix of a little bit of everyone here, and you can feel comfortable just eating, being, enjoying conversation.
Good food, generally good service, and very reasonably priced. Angeli is dark and dank in a good way, save the bathrooms. When I head to the bathrooms here, I almost feel like I'm about to check into one of those lunar-themed motel rooms with blue lights. I kind of like it, minus the waterbed. I haven't decided if this is intentional or not. The decor here is heroin chic high on folk art and cozy. I suppose that is partly why I keep finding my way back.
I like to duck into this little place when the quarter isn't so busy and enjoy some of the best pasta salad ever. I'm not kidding, the pasta salad here is just about everything you want it to be and more. Get it, you won't regret it! I think you can get a giant heaping platter of it for $8 and I usually save half for lunch the next day! The hummus and pita are usually pretty tasty as well. The sammiches not so much, but their pizza is yum too! Once you taste the pasta salad, there might be some wrong turns on the menu, but not many. I would recommend it to just about anyone if you like to eat late at night in the quarter for a good price. 
Sometimes they play great music here too. It makes for a pleasant experience. Read this review and go!Love the hummus.  Great spot post parades and if you have a large party.  Affordable food and yummy pizza.I'm a picky Yelper. I basically don't write reviews unless I really love a place; I suppose I should write reviews for the ones I hate, too, but I'd usually rather just forget that I ever ate there.
And frankly, I don't think I've ever had SUCH a bad experience that I want to actively warn other people from ever eating somewhere.
However, if I write a review for a restaurant, you'd better believe that it BLEW my ever-lovin' mind in some way. Angeli's was absolutely one of those places.
My husband and I visited NOLA for two weeks on our honeymoon, and we spent quite a bit of time on Decatur Street. Not only was there a great liquor store where we could stop for go-cups on our way to other establishments, Decatur also had our favorite bar (1135 Decatur), our favorite coffee shop (EnVie), and Angeli. We stopped there the first time on a whim, because we were really hungry, it wasn't busy, it was only two doors down from the bar, and the menu looked decent. On that first visit, I was thoroughly impressed by their hummus. Made in-shop, very flavorful, smooth, and generously dolloped onto a plate with olives, tomatoes, and pita for dipping (and they didn't hesitate to bring more pita bread when we asked). Our server was polite, friendly, and had a great sense of humor. We chatted a bit about our hometown, asked for his recommendations, and weren't disappointed at all with our food. All very fresh, very tasty. 
Our second visit was a couple of days later. We were, I think, the first people in for lunch, and again we had an amazing waiter. Again, we asked for his recommendations, and he said, "get the pasta salad side. Seriously, just get it." I'd had the regular salad with my last order, so sure, why not?
First off, our sandwiches (pita wrap this time) were top-notch again. Filling, fresh, hot, and you could really tell they put time and effort into preparing good ingredients. 
And the pasta salad....I just....oh my god. Perfectly-cooked pasta, perfectly seasoned, with chunks of olive, fresh tomato, fresh baby spinach, a superb balsamic dressing...it's been almost 7 months since we ate there, and I still drool over it. No joke, it is THE best pasta salad I've ever eaten, and this comes from a woman who worked 3 years as a production cook for a very successful grocery co-op with a top-notch deli. 
As the meal progressed, we discovered that this waiter was, if anything, even better than the first one. He was on the spot refilling our waters, offering beer refills, never pushy or in the way, but friendly, intelligent, humorous, easygoing, and just all-around perfect. When it came time to pay our bill, my husband and I didn't even hesitate in giving him a 50% tip...actually, the first time I've ever tipped a server more than 35%. 
As for the rest of the restaurant, well, perhaps it's my techno-hippie vibe, but it appealed to me greatly. Walls that were full of artwork made by locals, alternative rock on the overhead (a nice change from the ever-present bayou-centric tourist music played in most restaurants in the Quarter), great big windows to watch people go by, lots of nice old wood (floors, tables and chairs, walls, pretty much everywhere), and a decent selection of quality beers. The prices weren't jacked up, the food was excellent...honestly, it became another of our favorite spots in NOLA, and one we'd definitely send anyone else planning to visit.This is one of the worse dinning experiences i have ever had.   Our server was so rude to us that i did not want to eat there.  My meatball sandwich was the worse i have ever had also.  It was awe full and then i realized why we were the only people in the restaurant.  I will never enter this establishment again !!!This place is GREAT...if you're really drunk and hungry...and there's
NOTHING else open and you want cheap pitchers of beer too.
Service was barely present. We really had to chase after
them at times to get drinks or a check.
The pizza tastes like a combination of Dominoes and the
frozen Ellio's pizza....but really, not as good as either of those. 
I've eaten a lot of really good pizza, but I understand the function
of the plain, decent slice of pizza too. This is many steps down
from that.Ate sandwiches and calzones. A lot of food, good quality, great taste and reasonable prices. Would recommend to others. Side note...if you do not have a large appetite...then share the calzone...it is huge.Delicious!! Hummus was very good and the chicken diavolo was phenomenal. (Minus onions) there are entire garlic cloves inside the pizza so be prepared. The waiter was really nice! We got there at 1:00am so it was perfect for a late night meal.So we walked in and it was dead, but the waiter was friendly and approached us right away. We ordered salad and pizzas. Some of the lettuce was a bit brown, and I was disappointed, but whatever. Started in on my mushroom and pepperoni pizza and thought it tasted great. On my third slice, I bit something hard--was chewing it and it just wasn't right. I spit out the bite and found a FINGERNAIL. Yep, that's right. Like someone had been clipping their nails and it was laid down in my pizza. I was so disgusted and we called the waiter over. He was horrified. They comped our meal, but I went in the bathroom and threw up. 
Waiter was super nice, but there's no way I could ever go back. How could that have ended up in my pizza? I don't even want to know.There are three certainties to an evening out in the fabled Vieux Carre: 1) At some point your feet will betray your sense of smell and lead you past an odor you hadn't thought even imaginable; 2) At a certain point you will feel the need to dance (fight the urge, Charlie); 3) Somewhere near the end of your evening you will embark upon a desperate almost Quixotic search for food. 
For you late night Quarter-goers, you need not look any further than Angeli on Decatur. Open late (11 A.M. to 2 A.M. Sunday through Thursday and open until 4 A.M. on Friday and Saturday) and with a wide variety of reasonably-priced and well-done menu items, Angeli is a perfect example of late night food done right.
The Angeli Special, focaccia bread loaded with spinach, fresh mozzarella, basil, pesto sauce and bacon is a must have (try it with a side of the house pasta salad).
For pizza lovers, you can't go wrong with the Virtuous Angel or Mystical pizzas, the latter of which is topped with a blend of mozzarella and feta cheeses atop a garlic herb sauce and finished off with sun-dried tomatoes, red onions and bacon.
Angeli is located at 1141 Decatur St (between Governor Nicholls and Ursuline Ave) just a short walk from the French Market and Jackson Square.returned to one of my favorite places in fq. new management, ment new chainges! the most delicious "eggplant" dishes/ irems are all gone, big mistake !   *the roasted eggplant sandwich wz the best, thats why i came in to order? instead  had to order the mediterranean burger-veg/herb concoction --tasteless & dry. also  bun was like a toasted rock., very disappointed in my selections..  this use to be great plac over the yrs of dinning  here !!...we also ordered a grilled chicken  ceaser salad, it was good thankfully! the service was ok to mediocre.. the entire meals took forever to be brought out. it not like it was too busy??  the tea wz ok , a lil clouded-filter needed to be changed
the med. burger wz served not hot, nor warm..it was room temp.
the salad was served properly, with just enough dressing. the doors were opened, it was a nice day, but too mu h street noise,especially the buses . the mens restroom needs some cleaning n an overhaul of paint n new sink, very very dirty.
this restaurant  seems to be on its last leg, hardly anyone in the place,seel
pics..dont think i will be returning anytime soon...too bad as this was 1 of my favorite places to dine, especially  their pasta salads n regular salads were so good & use to received  large helpings., but thats all changed! ocerall very disappointed if you use to frequent this place in the past dont bother to come in, its not the same items on menu, decor, nor cooks , waiters, nor i assume cooks?  sorry for bad review, i did want to give this new management a chance, but too many mass changes, and not for the better !Angeli has great food and good beer.   The appetizers and sandwiches are delicious.  The pizza is the best I have had in New Orleans.  I recommend the Chicken Diavalo!  The restaurant is a hidden gem in the French Quarter for casual meal with friends.  The only reason they do not get 5 stars is due to spotty service I have experienced.  The staff could be more attentive, but the food is worth the visit.We had the mystic pizza, and came back for the meat-laden pizza.  Both were very good, and not like any pizza we have had before.  The prices are very reasonable, especially for in the French Quarter.  I wouldn't hesitate to go back.  Service was good.Rereview! New management, new higher quality ingredients but same menu, new look. 100% better.
Our server was friendly and attentive. Our service was prompt. The new interior looks amazing. The blue is very soothing and inviting. The food is still great and they are using a higher quality mozzarella now. The hummus and warm pita are delicious and the celestial chicken pesto pizza has always been my go to item. I also love the lucifers special. The divine portobello app is definitely worth ordering. Sometimes I even get it as my meal.being a vegetarian visitor to New Orleans isnt easy (and no, i don't do seafood either, thanks for asking Mr Hustler-Trying-to-Get-Me-Into-Your-Seafood-Restaurant-On Bourbon Street). 
Sure, i missed out on pretty much all the wonderful Creole cuisine but..i discovered Angeli while walking on Decatur in search of a decent lunch on our last day in town (after buying yummy chicory from Cafe Du Monde, love, love, love their coffee)
It looks unassuming on the outside, but i am so glad i stopped to peer inside (to check if they were open, the windows are so dark, you cannot see much from the outside) and to browse their menu (with extremely low expectations- you got to brace yourself for disappointment as a vegetarian in this city, sad because i so love NOLA). This was possibly the first time during my visit where i actually had the luxury of CHOOSING what to get-so much yummy sounding stuff was jumping off the menu that i took the longest time shortlisting. Our server told me their veggie burger is absolutely delish-and boy, was she right! She warned me it looked funny (because the patty was house made and rustic) but every bite was awesome. A spicy black bean patty atop a very tasty  ciabbata style bun ( not a wimpy, getting-soft-as-the mayo-sneaks-in-on-it hamburger bun you get at most places)- not extravagant in terms of toppings- just lettuce, tomatoes and some sachets of mayo that came along with the bun, but i didnt miss the cheese or any of the calorie-laden spreads -the patty was so satisfying in itself.
Did i mention that my burger came with a humungous side portion of a wonderful (and very different) pasta salad, and all this for $7.50? Believe it!!
The boy ordered the Chicken Diablo pizza- a flavor explosion atop a chewy  pizza crust- i sneaked a few chicken-less bites, the red pepper sauce on that pizza is something else! I might wanna have that the next time with a mushroom topping if they'll let me! Warning though: it is spicy (AND it comes with an extra topping of jalapenos, optional of course) 
Yummy food at very reasonable prices, a quirky ambience and great service-
i am definitely going back to Angeli on Decatur when i am back in NOLA.Always great food. The Mediterranean burger is my fave, but everything is so yummy. Definitely a great place to stop for lunch and people watch.Being hungry at 2 a.m. doesn't necessarily mean po-boys or burgers; Angeli on Decatur has pasta dishes, artisan sandwiches and wraps, salads, and other choices that are good for you (or at least not bad for you). I am a night owl and can vouch that it's hard to find anywhere else in the Quarter where you can find a yummy meal that you'd eat at any hour of the day, and your personal trainer wouldn't slap you upside the head.I love the food here. I have been coming here for 6 years or so and sadly, each time it has gotten worse. It used to be my favorite pizza place and I'd drive from all over the city to get a celestial chicken pizza. As a local and a former quarter rat and veteran service industry worker, I'm offended by this place now. I can't get my salad before my meal? There are 3 tables that all had their food and they tell me they are too slammed to bring a salad out before a meal, oh unless I pay extra for a dinner salad instead of a side salad. I don't care about no split checks or any of the bs on the back of the menu, although it's a real turn off that it looks like a big bold Ten Commandments of "no, don't even ask". But, the people are just plain rude. I got charged for two drinks because they didn't tell me they don't have sweet tea and I asked for a soda instead. Have you ever tried to dissolve sugar in ice tea? You can't. The staff is rude and dirty and looks like they hate their job. If you're that jaded from working in the French quarter, go get another job. There is plenty of work in this city. We bussed our own table because no one felt like cleaning any of the empty tables that were all trashed. I still left a decent tip because they more than likely expected a shitty one and I'm not that girl. Maybe next time they will be a little better a determining the drunk douche bag tourists from locals who just want to eat. Oh, did I mention it was my birthday? Great night... If I hadn't been so hungry and tired from performing that night, I wouldn't have even bothered.I'll keep this one short: they deliver hot, fresh pizza; great toppings, sauce, cheese, and most importantly - crust. Try the wings. They're really good too.There was only one waitress in the restaurant when I visited and they were waiting on some more staff, but she was doing her best, so I won't be too harsh on the service. We split a small chicken pesto pizza as a snack and we're pretty satisfied.Love Angeli's! The bread is amazing, the pizzas are spectacular, the beer is local (Abita) and frosty-cold. When in the steamy heat of NOLA, it doesn't get much better than a beer-iceburg in your glass.
But the food is what keeps us coming back. The salads are fresh and loaded with all sorts of yummy things. The pastas are great, the sandwiches are out of this world. I love the roasted pepper/portabello/eggplant loaf of yumminess. I have always had great service there, so I am not sure what some of the other reviewers are talking about: greeted at the door? Why? Took too long to get the bill? Really? Who wants a bill, and when you are in NOLA, every meal is leisurely! Be prepared to spend time relaxing, chatting, and enjoying yourself. put down the freaking iPhone or Crackberry, and get reacquainted with the love of your life! Or at least enjoy the great food and atmosphere.
Go to Angeli's. Enjoy yourself.I've been going here since the second week after moving to this city 11 years ago and it has always been reliable, good food - and that's something we NOLA vegetarians don't forget. In fact its been one of the few places I was willing to brave quarter parking on a weekend night that wasn't going to involve going out for. The hours are great, especially for a between bars meal (and with a full bar of their own you need not stop drinking) :)
The sandwiches are my go to, I love the bread. And the spicy tomato spread is great (although i wish they gave more pita)