Wanted to have a nice dinner out on the town with my wife- we ended up at Angeline; very nice location, away from the crowded New Orleans party streets. Food was amazing - for apps we had the shrimp & pork belly and the chicken livers; for main course my wife ordered the Rabbit and I had the Veal. We were very impressed with the flavor and attention to detail- the plating was beautiful. Service was okay; waiter had a large room to himself and being a two top we felt that we lacked attention; he forgot my wife's coffee at the end of the meal and blamed the server assistant. For dessert we shared the apple strudel with peach ice cream, it was small and average.Happened to just find this place while walking around. Had Sunday "brunch". The best country fried steak ever!  False bloodies were quite delicious.Angeline is hands-down one of the top restaurants in New Orleans. Chef Alex's menu is focused, yet filled with interesting, delicious options and the kitchen executes each dish to perfection. The service is consistently outstanding; every server we have had has been knowledgeable, attentive, smart, gracious and never ever pretentious. Jimmy, who manages the front of house, is the model host and super-knowledgeable in food and wine. The main dining room is gorgeous and there is some outdoor seating for those who desire that and the noise level is moderate, making for comfortable conversation. For a restaurant of its caliber, I think the prices are  surprisingly reasonable. Without exception, each time we dine at Angeline we are treated to a fabulous and flawless experience.Three of us enjoyed a fantastic dinner here. It's off the beaten path a bit and that's a good thing. Nice ambience, great food, attentive staff and a great drink menu!! Try the Wisely Botched - it may be the best cocktail I've had this year!! There's a small bar if you just want to go for a drink. Next time I'm in town I'll be stopping here agsain for sure!!Our food and service were exceptional. Our server Jimmy was kind, knowledgeable, and the perfect execution of friendly and attentive. Every dish was beautifully put together, and delicious. The vegetarian options on the menu were well thought out and complex. We loved everything.We had a fantastic dinner here. We wanted to eat light and save room for dessert, so we just ordered small plates. We were so glad we did. Splitting the sweet cornbread is cake was so perfectly delicious we had to order seconds. We'll be back.I have been so conflicted (oh yeah. CONFLICTED!) as to what to rate Angeline.
On one hand: this place is amazing, as far as atmosphere goes. It might be the perfect date place with the warm lighting and patio access. The wait staff is extremely helpful and attentive and the beer list is pretty impressive.
First of all, for our appetizer we got the roasted cauliflower which was out of this world. It was delicious and amazing and you must get it if you find yourself here. For my entree, I decided on the blue crab fettucine and my dining companion chose the braised pork cheeks and grits.
My dish was okay. The blue crab was delicious, but I found that the pasta was lacking something, but I'm not sure what. I tasted a bit of the braised cheeks and grits and immediate regret set in upon realizing that should have been my choice as well (don't you hate that?). The pork cheeks had SO MUCH flavor and the grits complimented it perfectly. If I had gotten that, this would easily be a four star review.
For now, I am going to go ahead and rate Angeline a strong 3.5 with room for improvement. I definitely hope to return and you better believe I will be getting those pork cheeks.Excellent service. The creaminest grits ever. I recommend the pork belly and fried green tomato sandwich the daily doughnuts, the beef hash and the pecan pie.Possibly the best breakfast in The French Quarter. The Gritts are amazing here. I'd recommend the Boudin as well. The interior of the restaurant is also quite nice.I just finished one the most memorable meals in my recent memory banks!  The local broccoli was amazing.  My husband had the pan seared fish - superb!  We shared the cornbread and of course had to have their pie of the day!  This establishment is definitely worth a visit.  I can't wait to return!This place was delicious!! Went for HH one night and enjoyed it so much went back later that evening for more, it's a nicer place but very much worth it!Holy moly!  So delicious.  Pork cheeks appetizer, rabbit leg, and pork chop dinners. Corn bread cake dessert. Everything was SO good.  Pricey, but worth it if you are looking for a great dinner.Passed by Angeline's and made a mental note and then checked out iMaps and saw the reviews so we decided to try it, and we we very pleased we did.   Best meal in NOLA.  Chef/Owner Alex Harrel had taken great care in the ingredients and preparation.  I had the braised lamb and my wife the Drum fish special.  Both entrées were delicately prepared with exquisite tastes and textures.  I had eaten at K-Paul's the night before and Angeline's was far superior experience - in food, ambience, and service.  The wine and ports and sherries offered, as well as the desert, make me want to come back and try the other menu offerings.  I would definitely recommend it to friends and visitors to the French Quarter.Angeline nails it - the food, the service, and the atmosphere are exactly what I expected from this new French Quarter venture.  Having enjoyed dinner at Angeline twice now, I can say with certainty that Angeline is a new favorite for me.  
We started both evenings sharing dishes in an attempt to try as many menu offerings as possible.  The fried quail, baked farmer's egg, butterbean tortellini and charcuterie board are all impressive - I'm still wondering how an egg and cream can taste that amazing.   The black eyed pea & collard green soup is also worth mentioning for it's simple deliciousness - others at my table enjoyed the daily soup selection and were as happy as I was with mine.  
For the mains, the rabbit milanese, confit duck and grilled duck sausage, and daily fish specials (snapper and trout during our most recent visit) were all remarkable. The way the chef uses minimal ingredients to master dishes is impressive - nothing is overdone, and that makes Angeline shine for me.  Quite possibly the biggest surprise of our dining experience was the chicken.  It is one of the best dishes I've ever eaten.  Maybe it's the cauliflower and beet chip accompaniment, or maybe it is the way the chef braises and roasts the meat, I don't know, but it's truly wonderful!
My husband and I shared the winter citrus posset, and while we were too full to try any of the other desserts our friends ordered, everything looked great and received accolades from the others at my table.
From the friendly greeting when we walked in, to A Promise's Ghost at the bar, to the simple yet elegant decor (the Sem caricatures in the bar area add a special touch) and a beautiful banquette, to some of the best food I've had in quite a while, to the final bill which proved that Angeline indeed provides the best "bang-for-your-buck" in town, Angeline hits the mark.  I truly can't say enough about how great this place is.  I am ready to return to NOLA soon to experience all that the chef and his team have up their sleeves.For our last meal in NOLA, we found ourselves wandering around the quarter.  I wanted to go to Marie Laveau's and after that we thought we'd go somewhere near the there.  Angleine's popped up on Yelp.  I had bookmarked it as well.  What a great little place, but don't let the front dining room fool you.  There is a back bar area and another dining room.  The friendly host gave us a table in the window.
Clay took really great care of us!  The food is an interesting, and delicious, take on the southern regional cuisine of New Orleans.  I ordered the soup of the day that had a spicy kick to it!  This went well with the Cote du Rhone.  For dinner I ordered the rabbit Milanese and Scooter had the hangar steak.  But after the first bite, he didn't look very happy.  We ended up trading dishes.  The steak was well seasoned and came with these delicious crispy brussels and cornbread fritters.  Granted, Scooter had this ribeye at Kingfish that he wouldn't stop talking about and well, any other steak would probably not please him.  I thought it was great and he was a fool!
The rabbit was perfect!  Yes, I tried it first before the exchange.  Tender and flavorful and the tomato gravy a perfect compliment!  We ordered the chocolate pot de creme and the apple crisp, perfect desserts to end a great meal!  If you want to do something special, Angeline is the place!Came here fresh off the airplane as our first NOLA meal and it did NOT disappoint. Stacey was a phenomenal waitress, she was very attentive and described everything with great detail which we really appreciated, she was very knowledgable. The host on duty was also very friendly, forgot his name but overall the service was fantastic. I had the eggs in hell which was AMAZING, & the biscuits are a must.This place was so good, we ate there twice this week. The drink specials were wonderful - we tried several.  The appetizers were terrific - the oyster pie, ham hock, and mussels.  I could eat the black-eyed pea soup every night!  I wouldn't think of combining blueberries and crispy chicken livers in a green salad, but the buttermilk dressing tied it all together beautifully.  The shrimp and creamy rice with field peas was lovely.  The staff were great, and it was a nice quiet respite from the sometimes overly-noisy French Quarter.I was pleasantly surprised by my recent meal at Angeline. The food, ambiance, and service were all top notch. The atmosphere is lively and casual. Service was friendly and prompt. The food was all great. To start we had the lamb neck which was amazing and the fried quail, also great. The short rib special and pork entree were delicious. All in all a really great dinner out. Highly recommended.Incredible food! We had the charcuterie board, the pork belly, and the duck. Each dish was absolutely delicious. The service was amazing, prompt and honest staff. The ambience was nice - the lighting was romantic, the layout of the restaurant is a bit odd. We sat at the front by the street, but the room felt like an add on (tough to explain). In any case, we would go back as the food was amazing!This is a quaint spot in a quiet part of the Quarter.  A definite must try!  With a much different look than the previous -Stella, it has a warm, cozy and comfortable feel with a very friendly staff. 
     Every dish ordered by the table was so fresh, bursting with flavor and all prepared to perfection.  They have quite a variation of delicious dishes to choose from.  Seafood, rabbit, pork, pasta-all with creative and unique preparations. The wine selections were pretty impressive as well.  You can't go wrong with this restaurant.  We enjoyed every bite and had no complaints.  We can't wait to go back especially since we learned over dinner that they are now open for breakfast and brunch on the weekends!The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  The decor is simple with a quaint atmosphere. The menu wasn't extensive but it did cover the bases. Our group was split on the food but over all thumbs up.We had a large group reservation here. When we arrived we were told our reservation was for the next day - our contract did not match our long email chain with the coordinator, but we should have reviewed it better. In any case they scrabbled to get group of 18 seated. Not an easy effort I admit. While they set everything up, the large group had to wait at the bar - that is where we met her, the rudest bartender in the NOLA, if not the South. Hipster pretentiousness personified - no eye contact, snide remarks, completely unhelpful with short answers to everything. My personal favorite moment was when I asked for a jack & coke - she clearly did not approve of this and told me they do not carry jack (or coke for that matter!). I asked if they had a whiskey she recommended. "A sour mash?" she asked. Sure. "There is no such thing as a good sour mash whiskey" she smugly informed me. The fun part was we spend much of the dinner talking about arrogant things we told us - each better than the last. Food was fine, but not great. Two stars for the effort of seating a large group, nothing else to reward.Absolutely love this place. I've already been twice. Excellent service, The menu is simple but the food is very good.Nice lunch here with nice weather in town. Restaurant so clean and foods is good here too.Wow. Wow, wow, wow. Happened upon this place after passing by several restaurants with long waits for brunch. Soooo glad we kept on walking and wound up here. No wait, perfect service, and.... the food. Ohhhh, the food. And drinks. Coffee was perfect, served with fresh, beautiful creamer. Bloody Mary was nice and spicy. We ordered STRAWBERRY BUTTERMILK DONUTS for an appetizer, y'all. My vegetable omelet with bacon and grits was very good, and my husband ordered the boudin with grits and red eye gravy. If you aren't familiar with red eye gravy, get that way stat. If you are, you already know. Awesome place and we look forward to being back!Good ambience a little off the beaten path but close and you have legs so no worries. The bartenders are craftsmen very good drinks. We had the shrimp and ham and it was a 3/5 and a small portion. The roasted cauliflower was up there with the best I've ever had. Pork fat corn bread with homemade butter? Yes please. Shiitake and dumplings was flavorful but very buttery. Lastly the salad was was very good. Deserves a 3.5 or 4 but considering its $30 a plate and there are so many food options in NO and I think yelpers are generally very liberal with their stars I've got to go 3/5.Although the interior is rather bland, the food and service more than makes up for it. The charcuterie board was great, as well as the shrimp & sausage and clam appetizers. For mains we had pork tenderloin, veal, drum, ravioli, shrimp ... All fantastic. Our server was attentive without hovering, had excellent recommendations and was very friendly. Great experience.On my own one night, I had dinner here at the bar.  What a lovely, calm restaurant, perfect for relaxing with a delicious meal and glass of wine.   I was served the fish special - delicious! Paired with a glass of sparking rose - perfect!  Thank you for a lovely dinner.  I hope to return soon.One of our favorite go-tos for brunch. Consistently excellent food, drinks, service. The ambiance is casual NOLA chic. I dream about the oysters, mushrooms and grits !Amazing food!  Everything we ordered was beyond good (and beautiful on the plate).  we ended up going back for a breakfast and another dinner.  Oh and the house cocktails are really fun and have a good kick.Amazing food and delicious coffee.  Service was outstanding.  The gentleman we had was so nice.  It's a must and will def go back when back in NOLA.Lovely tea service, delicious corn soup consume, and grilled cobia special was absolutely delectable.I really liked this place. Everything was interesting and unique in its taste and presentation, which I appreciate. Truly interesting and enjoyable, we will be back. I bore easily in a town where the restaurants tend to rest on their laurels. This one is different.Thought about a 5 here, definitely would give a 4.5 if I could. This is a cute little spot in the quarter, previously was Stella and our group of 4 was very happy with our entire meal. We started off with a few cocktails and a great bottle of wine. We shared two appetizers - the panzanella and clams, both were great, had unique flavors and presentation was excellent. Two of us ordered the shrimp and bucatini pasta, one of us ordered the lamb and one of us ordered the fish of the day, which was black drum. All of our plates were empty by the end of the meal. All of the entrees had excellent flavors and presentation. I sometimes feel desert is where restaurants fall short - this is NOT the case for Angeline. The desert menu features a daily pie selection, which we ordered, and was a peanut butter pie with bananas and meringue topping. We also ordered a chocolate cremeux - it was almost like a deconstructed s'mores - both deserts were excellent but the cremeux took the cake (pun intended)! One of the downsides was that we were seated in the front dining room, which had much more foot traffic. We requested a spot in the back of the restaurant, which seemed charming, and may have improved the dining experience. Will come back to again!We gave chef Harrell a few weeks to "get the kinks out"; then tried.
Quiet, intimate, lots of wait staff.  Food was excellent, adequate choices, great attention to detail by both kitchen and waiters.  We tried several menu items, and all were just fine !
Parking is onsite, by "Terry", the regular porter at Hotel Provincial; safe.
There is a very nice but tiny bar up-front, and another, "The Icehouse Bar", across the drive in the Hotel.:
This will be a once-a-month'er for us as long as the quality holds-up.
Not inexpensive, but certainly a good value.
RickThe ambiance and environment were really nice and there was even a small, outdoor patio area that had string lighting. The service was very good and the mixed drinks were incredible. The only reason I couldn't give it 5 Stars was that the food, while still good, was lacking in a few areas. Overall taste was great for the clam & boar sausage starter, but the entrees were very small, expensive, and nothing to write home about. I would say our experience was definitely good overall, but when the plate comes to your table half empty and you leave hungry, it's hard to give it all 5 stars.OMG.  Angeline's is all about comfort.  Great drinks, decor, service and food.  I'm not sure how to describe it.  We had the rabbit and the whole fish, which the waiter paired with a wonderful wine.  Oh, and you have to have to Katz Rock and Rye.  Best drink ever.  Even down to the blueberry hand pie, this dinner was a terrific night best described as pure Southern Comfort.Fantastic food and great waitstaff (Hi Luke!!!)
My husband and I had the following:
Sazerac and a melon drink - both very good!
The bread and butter was also really good, yes the butter was better then normal butter sounds insane but its true!!  I really liked the little cornbread muffins!
ANGELINE CHARCUTERIE BOARD - It was so good and had large portions which was great since we were sharing everything.  In all honesty they could cut the amount served in half and I would still buy it!
LOCAL SQUASH BLOSSOMS - tasty and light!
SOUTHERN FRIED QUAIL - YUM!
DAILY SELECTION OF ICE CREAM AND SORBETS - Husband had the Dolce de leche ice cream and I had the blood orange sorbet.  It was probably the best ice cream/sorbet we have ever had in a restaurant.  The ice cream was especially good.
We had no problem getting seated but it was August and raining so not many people were out and about.  We plan on coming back in May and we will be sure to make a reservation as I would hate to miss out on one of our new favorite places!We had the most amazing dinner on our first night in New Orleans. It was a great start to our weekend stay. Although it did set the standard pretty high for the rest of our stayAwesome! Black eyed pea soup and chicken fried steak not to be missed. Oh, and the not Bloody Mary is a treat!Tried a cocktail with mezcal and had a cauliflower appetizer, a fish entree, and a chocolate. Everything was absolutely delicious except for the fish which was fine but just rather flavorless and the texture was a bit too soft. Otherwise it would be a 5 Star place the ambience is excellent, the service was great and everybody else's dishes looked better than my entree. I would go againWandered into Angeline late on a Thursday night. There weren't many people in there but glad my friends and I went in. Food was great - I had the clam and sausage. Tasted fresh and a great balance in the sause. The service was amazing. Never had to ask for refill.We had the most spectacular meal here! We came in on a quiet summer evening, and had food that surprised and delighted at every turn...fresh, varied ingredients  that were perfectly and imaginatively cooked, and delicious! The fried cauliflower was like nothing I have ever experienced...the thinnest shell of super crispy coating over the perfectly cooked vegetable. The pressed melon salad...you have to try it!  I had the ham wrapped rabbit leg...the ham thin as paper, the meat so delicate, the beans that accompanied them so varied, the polenta sponge cake  like air! Phil had the lamb with boudin noir, which was equally transporting. All the dishes were composed artfully, with space on the plates that invited you to look at and appreciate the ingredients. Not one disappointment! Our service was friendly, and our waitress had perfect timing. Please do yourself a favor and try this Jewel in the collection of New Orleans restaurants!The food and service were excellent! I ordered the boudin sausage on grits with pan fried egg on top-excellent!My husband and I went here while in New Orleans. The service was slow so our waiter gave us a dessert on the house.  Everything was amazing! Try the cauliflower appetizer and the citrus dessert.Eclectic, delicious, out of the way but close by everything. I adored all the fine things about Angeline from the decor and ambiance, obviously the food, the sweet server, drinks and other patrons. I especially enjoyed hearing a table next to us order a "virgin mojito with salt on the rim" (thinking whaaaa?!) and the server was 100% accommodating. 
I had a reservation on a Friday night at 7, but the place was pretty empty. It did start filling up later, but you could easily get in there at 7 without one, no problem. I ordered a bramble, which was filled with crushed ice, as it should be, but also enough liquid. My husband had a few of the sodas, but maybe a few mocktails on the drink list would be helpful (for those recovering alcoholics, pregnants, DDs, or already drunks).
Let me tell you about that charcuterie board! I am super judgmental when it comes to charcuterie boards. Especially if something is left out, the items don't go together, too much one thing, not enough other. It's a fine art putting these things together and this one did not disappoint (see photo). It was a pleasant mix or pickled items, relish, meat things and one cheese. I do wish it had maybe a second cheese, but all in all a win. Except for the okra, eww, but I understand that's likely a requirement for NOLA plates.
My husband and I both ordered the specials: mine the fish (pompeo) and his the beef (flank). Both were cooked perfectly and all the accouterments went with the meat and fish very well.
I know it's hard sorting through all the seafood choices in NOLA, but this should be at the top of your list for fine dining in the French Quarter area. Dress code is basically whatever you want-fancy or not-it's easy to access, prices are on pointe, and the food/server are spectacular. It's also not a huge tourist trap type restaurant. It's thoughtful-best way to put it.A very fancy place, we sat in the side room. It was freezing and there were two large parties seated in the center of the room so the romantic dinner for two vibe kinda tanked. The food was good, the vegetarian dishes (fried tofu with squash and a salad) were nothing special. My husband said his rabbit was great. I'd go back if they had a more exciting sounding vegetarian option.I'm going 3 here. Some food was a 5 (short ribs) and others a 2 (fish and salad). Short ribs out of this world good. Salad underdressed even though very fresh. Fish under seasoned but cooked well. Pie for dessert (sweet potato) was adequate but the crust was off. We had reservations and we were 15 min late and got a seat by the door. When I realized there was much better options in the back I was disappointed. But if the food is great I can deal with the table location. Most expensive meal we had in our NOLA weekend trip and while very good the value is not there due to other great options.Went for a Sunday brunch - everything we ordered was delicious and loved the decor & ambiance of the restaurant. The waitress was very informed of all items on the menu (both drinks and food) and gave us great suggestions. My favorite dishes were the biscuits, the grits & fried oyster appetizer, and the shrimp and grits entree. (Just get anything with grits and you'll be glad you did). Will definitely be going back here to try out the dinner menu.Just had my fourth trip to Angeline.  I so want to agree with the rave reviews or at least understand them.  Each time I have eaten here I was with a different friend.  Each said it was good but they would probably not come back.  They were all New Orleanians, very tough audience.
What I like about this place ?  The service.  So many sweet people and competent.   From the hostess to the bus person everyone was good.  Our server was knowledgeable and sincerely friendly.  
The atmosphere is good enough and comfortable.  Not exactly dreamy but modern and easy.  Every place seems to be painted grey nowadays. The back room at Angeline is painted a pretty great lavender grey.  The front room is the worst room decor wise.
The food.  This is the problem ,no dish here is bad but after four tries I have to say that no dish is truly special.  This time I had the Rabbiit which is fried and served with a tomato sauce.  The rabbit was well prepared tasted just like...Chicken served on a very first rate spoon bread.  The problem was the tomato sauce. So not special.  My friend had the crab pasta.  It was insanely salty. She was opting not to eat it, I encouraged her to mention the problem.  The staff could not have been more accommodating They did explain that they shaved a salty dry fish on the dish but happily replaced it with a new version which was much soupier but not so salty.  My friend said "Its still not good but at least I can eat it."  Our drinks were classic and perfectly good.  Angeline is very near my house I was hoping it would become my new favorite place, unfortunately it is not working out.  Maybe I am spoiled and if you are visiting NOLA you should try it because visitors seem to love it.Superb, elevated southern comfort food prepared to perfection, inventive and righteous craft cocktails, and excellent service makes this a winning combination that is well worth the price.  If you want a more intimate experience, ask to be seated in the small front room.  But the main dining room is lovely, too, located further to the back past the small bar.  The bartender has a refined palette and command of the medium, so if you're not sure what you want, I bet if you tell them what you like, the bar will not let you down.This was our last dinner in NOLA and so glad we made it here. The restaurant has a pretty and warm atmosphere with a pleasant staff.  The cocktails and wine list is well thought out and delicious. Now to the food, in a word, sublime. Every dish was flavorful, fresh, and perfect. We started w fresh local squash blossoms, delicate.  Oyster pan roast, comforting. Crispy cauliflower, flavorful. Pork hocks, delectable. We shared our plates family style as we were there with our kids and every plate was eaten clean. Coming from discernible New York palates, I'd say that's a good sign.Great service! Jasmine was very attentive and well versed on the whole menu. Chef Alex Herrell did not disappoint. Happy Hour small plates of Pate and pickles were a perfect beginning and great value, followed by crispy chicken liver salad ( pomegranate seeds were the perfect addition). Main courses of veal and pork tenderloin were both flavorful and presented beautifully.Ok... I feel bad giving it three stars because the food was wonderful and our waitress was fantastic, and while I was there I would have rated it 5 stars! 
I had the duck confit ravioli.... probably one of the best dishes I've ever had in my entire life! My husband had the fish of the day which was a red snapped with crispy skin and a pesto sauce I would literally eat by the soup full!!!! So freakin good!!!! 
Our waitress was so cute and friendly! She told us that every day the staff gets there an hour before open and they set up and then they all sit down and have dinner together! In times like these I feel like that it so important and I almost cried when she told us that, very touching!
The trouble happened after we left.... we split up our $106.00 bill between a visa gift card and our debit card... the total on our debit card was $32.56 however the next day out bank statement showed two charges! One for $32.56 and one for $90! I called the next day and spoke to a manager and she promptly found the problem and voided the $90 charge only it would take 3 days to show up in our account. The problem is that we are visiting Nola on our honeymoon and $90 is a lot for us. That was our one fancy dinner out and a perfect night was quickly tainted. Then when I expressed this was a hardship for us she said to come in and have a round of drinks on them.... I'm sorry but you just spent $90 of my money without my permission, I think you owe me a little more than a round of over priced tiny drinks, how about brunch or something more substantial? 
It was truly disappointing after a delicious dinner. I wouldn't suggest this place to friends just because of that experience, which is a huge bummer. I suppose if a $100 dinner with $90 mistakes is no big deal for you than this is your place.This is our second visit here. I know that a first time may be a little magical, but the food here is  WONDERFUL AND DELICIOUS!!
It's my husband 's birthday weekend. Hey, when you're over 60 it's  requires a few days to celebrate.
We were blown away by the cold watermelon/tomato soup. The fried chicken livers are the best anywhere, I never eat chicken liver, well I didn't until eating Angeline's. They were creamy and  delicious. Hands Down , the best!! They made a delicious fried pork hock. 
My favorite was the blue crab fettuccine. Light and so fresh. My husband enjoyed a black drum dish. 
So, be sure you try the soup if the day and never pass on the fried liver.
I forgot to mention the wile list is pretty good, not a crazy 300 page book. And also, our waiter, Scott was great.Angeline is a great spot for brunch in the French quarter.
We started with the fried chicken biscuit which was crispy and tasty. 
The Right Side of Jackson is a pleasant cocktail with strong sherry notes. Perhaps more suited to happy hour than the first meal of the day however. 
I also had the French Toast. It has a lot of moving parts. The bacon is very good, the orange zest is mildly irritating. Over all a sweet and well prepared dish. 
Service was friendly and helpful.From the cuisine to the service, everything about Angeline was superb. First of all, from the outside,  it seems unassuming- but don't be fooled by the simple entrance. They have a well stocked bar past the first room and an even bigger dining area in the back.
We came here for dinner and was served by Jimmy- who was the best server I've ever had. He was attentive, patient, and informative. Jimmy even gave us a few great suggestions on other places to visit. 
For dinner we tried a little bit of everything. I do recommend getting their fish of the day, whatever it is. Mine was prepared skin on and crispy. The bf had the pork chop, which was so succulent and juicy! Definitely get the Grits and the collard greens!!! Chef Alex makes the best Grits in town, hands  down!
We were so wowed by dinner that we came back for brunch the next day. Well, we were equally satisfied. Chef Alex even came out to introduce himself, which was a nice touch to our visit. 
One more thing: try the False Blood cocktail, a twist on a Bloody Mary. THE BEST BLOODY MARY I've ever had, for real!!!!! 
I can't wait to visit NOLA again, primarily so we can eat at this wonderful establishment again. Thank you Chef Alex and Angeline for a wonderful time!We went for breakfast this morning and we're delighted with our experience.  They say us in a small, but cozy room with 6 or more tables.  The coffee was served with sugar in the raw and real cream.  Our entrees were served to perfection.  The grits are to die for!!  Next time I am going to request a giant bowl- I wanted to lick the plate.  My dining companions had eggs, bacon, and biscuits which were also delicious.Wonderful service and food!
Please try the crispy cauliflower with olive mayonnaise which is excellent!Wandered in early on a Wednesday.  We tried a little bit of everything, starting with the clams and cornbread.  Main courses were the rabbit, the lamp, the shrimp and corn flour pasta, and a burger.  They were all tasty, but not great.  There is just better food (for our tastes at least) in the area.Really great place. Couple blocks from the noise, tucked away. Great atmosphere, loves their playlist. Service was great - everyone was amazing. Great food. We had the French toast, pork sandwich, grits and shrimp and fried chicken biscuit between us, and we were all very happy with our choices! Definitely recommend it!What a wonderful evening.  It started with a very nice, knowledgeable waiter who helped guide us through the menu and help choose wine.  We had the local lettuces salad, crispy pork cheek and grits, and the smoked lamb shoulder.  So delicious and rememberable.  Will return for sure.We went to New Orleans on St Patrick's Day to specifically eat at this exquisite eatery. We are a family that travels throughout the world and loves the local fine dining. Angeline's truly is a magical place to have all the ambience of the French Quarter. Is it even possible that water tasted like it came from the Fountain of Youth? Clay was our waiter. We welcomed his warm inviting smile with small chit chat. His recommendation were appreciated, as well as his outstanding service. The finer points of the table linens, flatware, and glasses made our food even better! Nothing is overstated, because it's all about the menu of beautifully crafted cuisine. I can't wait to come back again and order another selection, but in truth I'm going to get the BLACK GARLIC BRAISED BEEF SHORT RIB
peanut romesco, swiss chard, fregula, winter squash conserva!  It was the most savory Braised Beef with the melded flavors of the Mediterranean.This is Five star fine dining with matching staff, and Chef Harrell expertise. I will look for him as a James Beard Nominee. Thank you again. 
Portland, Maine Mother Daughter weekend getaway.What a great find.  I had been wanting to go since my last NOLA visit. Made the late brunch on Sunday and had a dish with creamy grits, crispy fried boudin with a fried egg in top. Absolutely wonderful!  See the pic. Chef is creative and I will be back!  Only downside is that the restaurant is closed Monday and Tuesday - not a complaint...just wanted more.This is a great place. I've been here twice now, once for brunch and once for dinner. Everything is amazing. Great service, great wine and cocktails, awesome food. Definitely worth a visit.Hands down best dinner in new orleans! Dishes are really innovative!   The burbere spiced carrot appetizer, for example, includes roasted carrots, a carrot romesco, and carrot "chitlins."  Great vegetarian options. Save room for the salted chocolate creameaux for dessert!Came here for lunch on a Friday afternoon per the great Yelp reviews. It was very quiet (only one other table was occupied). Although the service was good the food was greatly lacking. Had a funny smell and didn't taste nice at all. We didn't even eat our meal. We were extremely disappointed, maybe we just caught them on an off day. I would recommend to try other places in the area.Exceptional brunch experience.   Will return soon for dinner.
Fresh inventive food and top friendly service.Had a wonderful time dining here this evening. They serve food that stands up to even the highest expectations. Staff was particularly lovely!Everything we tasted was delicious! Best pasta I've ever had. Collard green and black eyed pea soup was a table favorite along with the oysters and shrimp! It's going to be a very successful addition to New Orleans!yet another hipster styled overpriced restaurant that prefers to use terms like "noisette" instead of just saying "pork loin". (lotsa this)
Food was nicely presented but seriously lacking in flavor -- especially the crabmeat fettuccine (such a shame that good ingredients were wasted on this dish)
No red meat on the night we dined, which is really odd---as there were plenty of other meats.
Pricey for what you get and what you get is boring
Nice atmosphere, but doubtful we will go back, there are just too many other good places to choose from in the neighborhood!Wonderful ambiance and service.     We enjoyed immensely the roasted oysters and liver salad for an appetizer.     Not normal thing I would order but delicious!     We ordered the fish special and the country ham and shrimp.   All in yummy broth with oysters and shrimp.     Great before dinner drink and Chardonnay with dinner.   We finished it off with the gelato "Nutella" which tasted like cold hot chocolate.OK, who goes to New Orleans to experience a modern spin on southern (not necessarily New Orleans) cuisine? I didn't. I went for Cajun and Creole and beignets and etouffee. But I arrived late on a Sunday evening and Angeline was the only place serving after 10 p.m. so I took the chance. I came away having experienced one of the seminal moments in my lifetime of eating food.
I started with the fried quail, served with a hoe cake. Sweet, spicy, and don't even imagine you can knife-and-fork your way through it. The place has an elegant air to it but you're encouraged to use your fingers.
This dish left me thirsty for something sweet with kick--like a strong root beer or ginger ale--so I asked if they had anything like that. Sadly, no, they don't serve fountain drinks but they do serve--and this is where the epiphany happens--homemade cola. Not even kidding, and the server is practically gushing about how good it is, like she's so excited someone asked, and offers to bring me a taste. My tinglers are all tingly so yes please. Top note is vanilla, straight out of the gate, really good vanilla, then citrus notes come up, orange and lime, and finally warm spices like cinnamon and anise and cola nut providing a rock-solid foundation, which it needs because it's not hyper-carbonated like most canned sodas, so it sparkles and tingles the way good champagne does. I swear, it has put me off the canned stuff entirely. I drink a Coke now and I'm always disappointed it's not better. I actually find myself pining for this drink months later.
OK, so from there I go to gulf prawns with country ham and a side of roasted mushrooms with sorghum dumplings. Again, beautifully balanced dishes. Plump shrimp, salty ham, served on a bed of creamy rice studded with butter beans. The roasted mushrooms were perfectly adorned with almost nothing but salt and oil. The sorghum dumplings were light but chewy, and their just a touch sweetness and earthiness bounced around the mushrooms like a kid on jungle gym.
The only less than amazing dish was the finish--a chocolate pot a creme--and it wasn't because the pot a creme wasn't amazing (it was, dark, creamy, and rich) but the adornments kept pulling focus from how amazing it was. I appreciate reinterpretations and deconstruction as much as the next guy but the entire surface was covered with cookie crumbs and cocoa nibs. The star was buried and to get the heart of her character I had to scrape away a lot of distraction.
That aside, the overall experience was so good and so eye-opening, I can't imagine going back to New Orleans and not stopping in again.Good food at a good price. We had brunch on Sunday. I asked for a bellini which was the best I have had. Muddled the peaches to order. Chicken biscuit was great and my husband enjoyed chicken fried steak and gravy. The first impression was the only concern. We looked on open table and saw every 15 minutes this place was free. We did not make a reservation,  didn't know how long it would take to find it. When we arrived, one table was occupied. Hostess asked if we had a reservation. We did not. She then began to scrutinize the reservation book, she sighed twice, she looked back at the dining room.  She acted like she wasn't going to be able to fit us. We did get seated about 5 minutes after we arrived, and service was great after that. Only one table sat after us. So...not sure what the problem was, but we almost left right after being seated, fearing a snobby ride.If I could give this restaurant 6 stars I would. Everything from the greeting to the pre dinner cocktails to the post dinner cocktails was incredible. The hospitality and service here line up perfectly with the chef's sublime talents. I will be back and I will tell everyone about this restaurant.Went with a party of 6 last night. Service and staff were great and knowledgable. But there's a few things you should know before going to Angeline. 1. They don't have coke or soda, they make that very clear. We arrived a few minutes early and had some drinks at the bar, my buddy ordered a jack and coke. Answer: we don't have coke we mix our own soda, which is fine, but each time we ordered they had to remind us of this. Then, we don't have jack, we have George dickel, basically albertsons wiskey (misspelling intended) like they were trying to reinvent the cool trend of PBR's re-ascendence to popularity. Now on to the wine. The had the extensive selection of 6 red/rose wines. And just happened to be out of the one I was remotely excited about. The food was average. We had 4 different appetizers and 5 different entrees.  A couple of things stood out, for apps the farm egg was really exceptional and for entrees the rabbit and one of the fish dishes. Everything else was nothing special, good but nothing to write home about.Just go here. Nice quiet "haven" to get away from the hustle and bustle of the French quarter. Everything we had was ridiculously good. I know, hamburger in New Orleans? But this was perfectly prepared grass fed beef from the the chef's father's farm with an incredibly tasty pimento cheese sauce. The chicken and biscuits are a simple dish, but when done right, is an ethereal experience - unreal. Black eyed peas and collard greens soup was solid. Came in hot, tired and grumpy and left completely transformed -satisfied, happy and light on our feet. Thank you Angeline! Oh and service was excellent.Didn't have a chance to go when Angeline was Stella.  Recently went on a weekend for a friends birthday - they sat us at two tables in the room facing the street.  Great ambiance, great cocktails, nice wine selection.  Service was good especially considering we had a party of 12.  We went to try the coolinary menu, but ended up ordering off the regular menu instead.  The Blue crab linguini was deliciously well balanced.  The Duck was crispy and tender and the greens and grains were perfectly presented and cooked.  Very nice birthday dinner.The is my first Yelp review,   my experience at Angeline just want me to say something 
My husband and I went to Angeline for my Birthday Dinner. He was excited about this place as it offers whole fish which ended up being the biggest disappointment of the night. 
We started our meal with one cocktail and one glass of champagne. Nothing special, but both of us are not big drinker, so can't really comment on that. 
We choose crispy cauliflower and crispy pork hocks as appetizers.  We both love roasted cauliflower at Domenica that why we picked the cauliflower.  Crispy cauliflower ended up to be dry compare to the one at Domenica. The crispy pork hock is a misconception. Nothing about that dish is crispy, but the sauce and pickled vegetable are good. 
After the appetizers, my husband ordered fired chicken liver salad. I did not order anything because I don't like the soup options. I had to say the fried chicken livers are really good. Good favor, tender and moist inside. We think that is the best thing we had the whole night. We are looking forward to have our entrees. 
My husband got whole roasted fish while I ordered the heritage pork noisette and braises cheeks. Starts with my dish, pork noisette is tough and lack of sauce. If feels like a very try piece of pork chop. Pork cheeks were ok, but can't compare to the pork cheek I had in La Petite Grocery. The grits is good, best thing on that dish.  My husband's fish, on the other had is really .... Can't find a word for it. When it was first served, I can smell how fishy it is right across from the table. I love to smell my food, but that fish is not pleasant. The meat is lack of favor, period. No seasoning, no sauce, I don't think they even put lemon or anything to cut the smell. I try one bite, and that all I want to have. I may be bias since I like my fish well-seasoned (like blacken than simply grill), but my husband who love steamed fish does not like it. We hate to waste food, especially something expensive, but we only ate half of the fish. 
Our whole meal cost $160 (includes tips).  It is not a cheap meal, but we walk away unhappy.  I give 2 stars because the service was good, and environment is good.  The food (Fish) is worst we had in a while.  May be it is the chef's intend to present food in their nature stage which explain some of the food are tasteless, but we just not get it. Yelp labeled this restaurant as Southern; I think it is incorrectly labeled, as it is not comforting at all. With so many new restaurants opening up in the city, I think the chef need to reconsider its Menu. 
As for my husband and I, we are never going to come back.Our flight arrived at 9:30pm and we quickly cabbed over for a late dinner. We picked the place partly due to the late serving til 11pm and partly due to the previous reviews. We were not disappointed. We had the place to ourselves and enjoyed a wonderful first dinner in Nola.
The staff was super Gracious. We started with Sazaracs which were superb. For starters I had to have the Oyster pan fry which was perfectly creamy and crusty. The rabbit milanese was like nothing I have had before and was truly amazing. My wife's linguine with crab was also perfectly prepared with fresh pasta made in house and lots of moist and flavorful crab. Our servers were all top notch, just the right amount of attention. 
I'm sure the first night in Nola had something to do with our level of satisfaction but I am writing this now at the end of our trip and can still say it was our highlight dining experience. Fine dining that fully showcases regional ingredients and hospitality.It's a fine restaurant, but the decor, menu, and small portions scream Fine Dining yet the service and execution say Fine Restaurant But Nothing Special. I mean, why put Soft Egg Raviolo on the menu (at $10 for a single raviolo) if you can't cook it correctly and it comes out hard?  Overall the flavors were generally good, drinks & wine list were decent, and the service was fine but definitely quite rough around the edges for what it's trying to be.
The restaurant layout is also quite clunky, with the entrance off a side alley and one dining room in front overlooking Chartres Street and one in the back then the bar in a middle room of the restaurant along with the bathrooms and kitchen entrance.  Very crowded and difficult to squeeze by folks or even hang out at the bar when they're vaguely crowded.  Overall, it was a fine experience but maybe I was expecting too much based on hype, etc.  It's an A-OK place but I'm not sure I have much reason to return.I had the rabbit milanese. I thought it was good until I got food poisoning the next day and couldn't stop vomiting during our visit to cafe du monde, swamp tour, and had to cancel dinner with the Bachelorette party.
It's dimly lit and a very nice place. Just be careful. Also, I'm glad I did not get the blue crab pasta since it was oily for my taste, however my friends enjoyed it. My vegetarian friend got the salad and was upset and said the flowers in it tasted gross. She was very diappointed. The salt ravioli appetizer was VERY small, I think there was 1 large piece, however was tastey. 
Overall I would not go here again. I was really looking forward to it due to the reviews. Service could be better (we were in a large group though that they had to split into two different tables 15+), it took a long time...not sure if it was nonverbal communication or what, and to top it off I got food poisoning.It's hard to describe the exact feeling of spending such a perfect evening, after a long work week, when you find yourself tucked into a quiet courtyard nook with the light breeze wafting the aroma of fresh garden herbs around you. I suppose it felt like being home, only with an artisanal skill my own kitchen will never posses.
While the service staff were almost eerily professional, their knowledge of the dishes and suggested pairs was refreshingly on key. The charcuterie board, for example, changes daily and combines an impressive array of hearty treats with a broad palate of flavours and texture; an absolute adventure and a must have.
I'm almost apologetic to mention the wild mushroom soup, with its rich body and full earthiness melding seamlessly into a warming and decadent purée. Though I'm certain I should want for it on every subsequent visit, I regret to inform that this treasure was a soup of the day selection, by Chef Mimi Assad, and therefore will probably have vanished from the menus before long.
Above all, do treat yourself to the chocolate offering of chess pie; an elegantly innocuous and yet utterly sinful finish I'm fully confidant that battles have been waged over, and will continue to leave an unfortunate someone or another rather salty over a slighted portion on an otherwise shared plate.I came here with some friends after a long day of exploring New Orleans. We were exhausted by the time we got here and were ready to eat. 
The place is on the nicer side and it's not always very easy for me to find a place to accommodate my dietary restrictions, especially in the south. Our waiter was on point though! 
We started with a bottle of red and it was delicious. My friends tried a couple of appitizers (black eyed pea soup, oysters, and pork cheek) and they were nothing but complimentary of each of the dishes. The waiter went out of his way to consult with the chef to come up with a vegan dish for me. I was very grateful for this, and the result was incredibly delicious! A mix of veggies that were perfectly cooked and seasoned.
We had a great time, great waiter, and great ambience. I would definitely go back when I return to NOLA!Cant say enough good things about this place!!  Started with some yummy little seasonal drinks that donated some of their cost to finding missing people( loved this)!! We then enjoyed both the "Georgia Clams & wild boar sausage" and " Gulf Shrimp & Confit Pork Belly" unusual and extremely tasty!! On to our entrees I chose the Sorghum & Cider Brined Pork Tenderloin and ny husband had the Louisiana Blue Crab & Linguini!  We were in Heaven !!! Finished it all off by sharing the Dark Chocolate, Peanut & Caramel Tarte.  We loved everything about this little gem!!!Delicious food and awesome atmosphere. Unexpected encounter in French Quarter made my day!The food here is sic, in a good way lol. Atmosphere is cool and hip. Nice vibe but still easy to hold a conversation. This is a neighborhood gem for sure!Great place. Food was amazing. The waiter was just ok, little thing, but he took my wine glass when I still had a little left and didn't even notice, and took plates away from me while the two other people we were with were still eating. Between the four of us at the table we had a few apps and they were out of this world. I also had a salad special, that was amazing. Well doneI first came to Angeline because of their dessert menu. I'd once attended a Dinner Lab (RIP) dinner that included the best dessert I'd ever eaten, but I forgot the name for it. I went around googling things like "lemon pudding but not pudding" trying unsuccessfully to find the word. Then, last year, I was browsing COOLinary restaurant menus and came across the lost word on Angeline's menu: posset. My friend and I went for dinner, which was excellent, and the dessert was as good as I'd remembered. It has been a favorite ever since. 
I have a friend in town this week who gave the following directives for dinner: healthy southern, good cocktails. I took her to Angeline and she was very pleased. We arrived for the tail end of happy hour (it goes until 7), so we started with the seasonal blueberry daiquiris (so good, so fresh, so natural) and small plates of pâté and pickles. She enjoyed the daily fish preparation with fried okra and adorable, delicious mushrooms. I had the smoked lamb shoulder, which arrived shredded and studded with peas and mushrooms that I sought out to eat individually because they were so delightful. We couldn't stay for dessert this time, so you know I'll be back.They just started serving brunch this weekend. We split the oyster grits, fried pickles, country fried steak & eggs, and the French toast. All of it was amazing. They had great Pimm's and mimosas too. Great brunch! The chef amused us with dessert too. Chocolate cake, custard, and a pastry. Everything was delicious and satisfying for the four of us. Definitely coming back again for brunch.Grading on a bit of a scale here.  I mean, its fine food, but I don't think it quite merits the price tag/reputation.  They were out of two entrees, including my target choice of the Louisiana Blue Crab with Linguine.  I wound up having a fish special which was surprisingly bland, although the sweet pea puree which accompanied it was wonderful.  The Crispy Chicken Livers salad was solid, but given the number of flavors I love here (liver, blue cheese and pomegranate), was not the show-stopper I was expecting.  
The cocktails and desserts were definitely on point.  However, the coffee was atrocious (and they get Spitfire Coffee, which I know and love, so I'm confident it's completely on preparation here).  We actually sent back the first batch (which I hate doing), but it was lukewarm and incredibly weak.  The second batch was mildly better - not send back-able, but not exactly enjoyable either.  
While there was certainly stuff to recommend the meal, I feel they posit it (and clearly price it) as a high-end option, and for me it was a good notch below.A very pleasant atmosphere. Somewhere in the quarter to eat if you actually want good food, and despite the French influence on the menu I suppose it is less quintessentially "New Orleansy" than somewhere like Antoine's. I asked the chef to make up a vegan main course for me, and was not disappointed. In fact probably in my top 5.The cocktails we tried (off beet and mona's tobaggan) were alright - nothing special. The apps were pretty delish. The sherry glazed shrimp was good but the southern fried quail was absolutely flavorful - such a beautiful marriage of sweet, salty, and spicy! The milanese rabbit with collard greens was absolutely mouth-watering...definitely one of the best renditions of a rabbit dish I've had so far. I was rather dubious of the mustard greens and pork cracklin salad but I was very pleasantly surprised there as well. I would definitely recommend this place if you don't mind a slightly pricey food experience.Damn this place ruled. Got the lamb shoulder and it was so delicious. My friend got a fresh fish and it looked good also. Friendly service and nice little space off of Chartres St. Kind of romantic for two dudes on a work trip but we managed to ignore the candlelight.Amazing! Food and service was outstanding, highly recommend. If your in the area i would definitely stop in here.Had a really delicious meal here last night! Enjoyed all of the apps (cauliflower, pork cheek and beet toast) and loved the entree (shrimp and country ham with grits)! Cocktails were great and the service was good. We had to wait longer than normal for one round of our drinks, but the manager comped them which was a surprise. Will definitely go back and recommend to friends!The restaurant is tucked away in the most beautiful spot at the end of Charters street. The meal was sublime, the service thoughtful and attentive.  A must go!Had a lovely brunch. We enjoyed the chicken and biscuit, fried pickles, and pork chop sandwich.We went there for brunch and it was a little bit off the beaten path type of place but man, the shrimp and grits and the eggs in hell were like incredible! Service was great and they have a cute patio area to sit. My husband thought it was the best brunch dish he has ever had!Nice relaxing fabulous food. Pristine non overbearing service. Great drink selection got to try a sherry to go with the meal. We had the shrimp/pork to start which set the bar and followed up with the recommended veal (heavenly). If you are looking for a nice night with good food with a slight twist then enjoy the night here.My husband and I went a year ago for a birthday dinner. They provided the most kind and wonderful customer service that I have experienced in NOLA. I can't speak highly enough of their food, their service and their wine.I really would give this 6 stars!! Food insanity! And insanely good creative fresh approach so happy we ate here! Fantastic service from Sammi just such a great server, warm helpful, fun and just a delight. She even convinced me to try a flight of Sherry- she was super knowledgeable and guided me thru. Fun nite, we will be back!With southern feel and flavors, this outstanding restaurant could only be in New Orleans, but it's so good that it rivals the best cuisine in Manhattan or DC (where I am from). Angeline is truly a gem.We've been to Angeline twice for dinner in the last month and both times were divine.  The redone space is really inviting and the staff is phenomenal.  Extremely knowledgeable about the menu and accommodating.  I don't really think there is anything I can add as far as the food.   It is all outstanding.  The charcuterie board is my favorite in the city and we order this all over town!  Some of the menu that we've had includes the deep fried quail and johnny cake, mussels with fried bread, fried chicken livers with arugula, pickled blueberries and buttermilk dressing,  anglionotta with braised lamb neck, rabbit milanese, veal breast (to die for), pork noisette and braised cheeks, blueberry handpie and double chocolate chess pie.  Can't wait to try the brunch!  Especially the chicken and biscuits...We had a lovely Christmas Eve dinner here. Friendly staff, nice seating, yummy food. We all enjoyed our meals. We loved the round table in the corner, & my drinks were delicious  ;)Absolutely fantastic dining experience. Great atmosphere, amazing food, delicious drinks, and the most courteous, friendly staff. Our waiter, Charlie, was absolutely incredible. Truly one of the best meals we have ever enjoyed.In line with other reviewers' experience, the service was impeccable and the space lovely (albeit now a little "hotel restaurant" in its ambiance). 
The food was for the most part bland and unremarkable. We started with the squash blossoms, which were perfectly enjoyable (the only item which was), but the whole fish preparation, was, I must say, the most flavorless fish I've had in years. The prices were quite exorbitant for the quality and quantity of the food we received. All in all, it felt like the proprietors are trying to position themselves high on the exclusivity meter without the cuisine to justify it. We will not be returning.Great new spot in the upper end of the quarter. We loved every dish on our first visit.
The braised lamb neck with pillow pasta small plate had us scraping at the bottom of the bowl like New York prison escapees with spoons. It was ridiculously delicious. The vegetarian options are decadently perfect as well. Don't miss the tofu and the roasted cauliflower.
You'll love this place.The ambiance was just ok. The southern fried quail and baked eggs were great. Sadly points were knocked off for service. hopefully its just getting out its opening jitters. We did not get our cocktails that we had ordered at the bar while waiting for our table until after our appetizers arrived.I LOVE Angeline! I was just there last week and I can't wait to go back.
Because my friend L and I had happy hour elsewhere, we unfortunately did not get an appetizer. We did get a bottle of the Riesling and some great options for our main dish and were very happy with our experience.
L got the veal and I got the rabbit. I love rabbit and I love Angeline's rabbit. The greens that accompanied the rabbit were really good too, with a slight tanginess. I had a bite of the veal as well, and man, that thing just melts in your mouth.
Our server was great, and I ended up having a full-on conversation with him about Portland.
I am definitely going back and trying some hot appetizers (a good friend works in the kitchen) and other main dishes that I am sure are amazing.Angeline is located in the Hotel Provincial on the more neighborhood side of the French Quarter.  You can either try and find parking around the area on the street, or for $5 you can valet with them.  The entrance is set inside the driveway part between the buildings with an "A" sign above the doorway.  The atmosphere when you walk in (at least for us) was very relaxed and welcoming.  You walk into a bar area and there seems to be seating in rooms on either side.  We were sat at a table near a window close to view of the street. 
There were a few things that a friend suggested we try, but we went with the Mussels Verde, which were quite tasty and plentiful enough for a starter.  The fragrant broth that the mussels came with them was a shocked herb broth (very green, where the Verde in the name originates) and the dish was also topped with some toasted croutons.  It made for good dipping, and I even grabbed my spoon and took a few sips of it when we were done with the mussels.  May have preferred a little more bread for dipping, or possibly a straw, lol.
For entrees, we got the pork cheeks & grits dish and also a special, which was a giant short rib, served with stewed okra with bacon, potatoes cooked in bacon fat and topped with a house chimichurri.  The rib was good, but a tad fatty. The okra was amazing with a rich smoky flavor as were the potatoes.  All of the flavors played well with each other.  The pork cheeks were tender and the other piece of pork that went with the dish seemed to be part of a loin, which was good, but the cheeks had the majority of the flavor if you had to compare the two.  We decided to go in for a dessert and split the double-chocolate chess pie, which was pretty tasty.  Make sure that you tear the piece of fresh mint that comes as a garnish and have some with the pie - mint chocolate chip ... mmm!!
Some reviews that I read mentioned the feeling of being rushed.  We did not get that feeling.  The staff were friendly, very attentive and had excellent knowledge.  Maybe the people who felt rushed mistook attentiveness for that.  
This place is a great little find and we look forward to going back again to try some of the other dishes, hopefully with some friends so we can split more tastes.We came here to celebrate our anniversary and were very pleased. This place is very vintage-chic. The menu is unique that reflects thoughtful culinary skills. The quail is amazing in that it's juicy with a great crust! Also the chocolate pie is sooooo good!Angeline is one of those rare gems that exist in every city, and if the food gods smile upon you, you may be lucky to find. 
The restaurant is gorgeous, with a gas lamp lit side entrance, old style and beautiful decor, and a small bar with busy bartenders mixing delicious cocktails. 
We were seated in the back room, which is smaller, more intimate and by the windows on the gas lamp lit Chartees street, very romantic. 
The food is simply divine. We started with rustic pate and black eyed pee soup. The pate was excellent, it reminded me of the country pate you find in the French town of Aurillac, in the France Massive Central, made by the Teil family. The soup had a great consistency, and you could taste the ham in it as well. Incredible. 
I had a special item, pork chop with gnocchi and chanterelle mushrooms, in a sauce that was sooooo good I can't even describe it. She had a shrimp with shaved ham, that reminded me of Serrano ham, and kale and it was unexpectedly light: we thought it would be drizzled with some typical Louisiana sauce. Instead it was so simple and fresh and good!
We were too full for dessert. 
We started out with a bourbon based cocktail, Nuts and Barrels, and then switched to the lonely Italian red on the wine list, Negroamaro. I was shocked to find such a treat of wine all the way in N'awlins. 
A shout out to Jasmine, who was a treat to help us through the meal, and we lived her.First time here .  Restaurant was fairly empty for a Saturday night in spite of the fact that Yelp seat me couldn't get me a 7:30 reservation.  By 8:00 it was fairly certain that we could have been seated at 7:30 with no problem. Luckily I made a 7:15 reservation.  But let's say that I really wanted 7:30. I might have gone elsewhere.  This is a Yelp seat me flaw. Must be fixed. 
The restaurant was good. Service was pleasant and friendly, although the trend toward taking your plate away as you're taking your last bite is in full force here. We had the charcuterie plate which was very good, outstanding pickles!  It could have used a few more bread like items for the cheeses and meats. The crisp bread that came with it did nothing for the delicious blue cheese that was served and there was not enough of that bread to accompany the cheeses and meats on the plate. I had the special fish preparation which was drum fish with quinoa and some greens. Very tasty, the fish was delicious. My husband had the steak special which was cooked perfectly and was accompanied by some delicious greens and a sort of corn and tomatoe mix. 
All in all, very nice experience and we will be back.Outstanding cuisine & service the evening we visited Angeline. I believe our server was Ferdinand. Well trained & very professional. This is a foodie paradise so if you are looking for something very familiar & are not adventurous then it may not be for you! 
You walk right into the front dining room which is fine but I would not describe it as cozy, comfy, clubby , rustic, trendy or chic. What then? Basic, stark, slightly cold. That's why I'm not giving 5 stars.  I prefer a bit more warmth & ambience. 
My husband & I return to Nola yearly to enjoy the cuisine & loveliness of The Quarter & while we truly enjoyed our evening here, it may not be a spot we keep coming back to!Had a wonderful dinner seated at the bar.  Bartender was spot on with her recommendations.  Black eyed pea and turnip green soup was highlight of the meal.  Truly exceptional. Smoked pork cheeks were quite good, though not a lot of smoke flavor.  Georgia clams and sausage were wonderful with a great broth for the crusty bread.  Chocolate pot de crime so good.We've had brunch here three times. I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant.  Let me try. The great:
1- Fantastic service.From our first call/approach right until we walk out the door -  Attentive, knowledgeable, friendly, warm, thoughtful and welcoming. 
2- Food- delicious. Hard to stand out when there is soo much good food in the French Quarters but Angeline's delivers because the food is prepared perfectly and the flavors and textures never took a misstep. The best boudin ever - made fresh and served crispy *rolls eyes in ecstasy* . It's served on a bed of creamy grits and topped with a runny egg and red eye gravy.
It doesn't stop there - the collard green and black eyed pea soup is HEAVEN. The broth is laced with bourbon and will make you want to lick the bowl to get the last drop.  The made-from-scratch biscuits are light, crispity/crunchity on the outside and fluffy on the inside. Not weighted down with butter, salt or sugar - perfect vessels for the variety of jams offered or a crispy and flavorful piece of their fried chicken with black pepper gravy.
If you need a more traditional northern breakfast go for one of Angeline's omelets. We sampled three:  the sausage with Hook cheddar and caramelized onions; the house-smoked fish with creme fraiche; and the fried LA oyster omelet with bacon and a hot sauce hollandaise. No regrets.
The not so great:
Not one single miss.  We'd order every single item again...and again.
Also? I'd happily let the staff decide what I order should I ever be blessed enough to go back. Angeline's should be a mandatory food stop if you find yourself in the French Quarters.The food at this place is great. Unlike another reviewer, our experience with the blue crab was delightful; perhaps a different chef that day. 
The steward paired a wonderful wine with our choices. The shrimp and pork belly appetizer was succulent and complex with the flavors. 
My only apprehension was with my veal dish. The cut was fattier than I would prefer, but the dish was cut with grapes which balanced out the fat and made for a bright note in the dish. 
I recommend this place when you are in NOLA.We were excited to try this place.  It had excellent reviews and I saw it on a 'best of' list for brunch.  
It's a cute place.  Service was slow and the food was not impressive-at all.  We left disappointed.
The food:
Fried Oysters and grits. 3/5
Fried chicken and biscuit 1/5 -chicken and gravy was flavorless and biscuit was dry.
Omelette 3/5 - fillings were good but the egg could have had more flavor.We had such a great evening at Angeline. Probably my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. The best part was the service - Everyone was so welcoming, kind, and we had multiple people tending to us. For an appetizer, we had the pork belly + shrimp, and then the crispy cauliflower. Both were amazing but I should have left more room for the amazing dinner that was to come. :) I had the blue crab linguini, and it's actually very light for a pasta dish - So, so yummy! Just make sure to save room for dessert.Great building, super attentive staff, and a pretty decent brunch.  My partner loved his sweet role and the omelet. The non-stop chilled water was so welcome after a night of drinking in the quarter.  My black-eyed peas and greens soup, I just can't say enough.  It brought back some nice nostalgia from being a boy living in backwoods Louisiana.
The Eggs in Hell were a miss when compared to everything else.  Primarily the lack of seasoning.  It's just such a mild dish, for a main dish.  The poached (?) eggs were under seasoned, the ricotta is very mild, and the tomatoes lacked some "punch"when being advertised as spicy.  Not a disaster by any means, but not something I would hurry to order again.  
The handsome waiter was great (tall, slim, glasses), and we loved the music.  Will recommend, absolutely.   And I just have to come back for more of the soup.  Thanks for the wonderful new memories.Came here for dinner with my husband, expecting a great dinner. Well that didn't go the way I thought. My food was pretty tasty but my husband was left a little disappointed. The thing that ruined it was our encounter with the first server that came to our table. She literally walked up and says, "Hi you look ready to order, are you ready to order?" I'm sorry but what the hell is that. It was very off putting. I've been to lots of restaurants and no server I've ever encountered has done that. She didn't smile once and looked miserable at every table, so that made me feel better that it wasn't just us. She took our drink order and another server came to our table to take our food order and she was nice. If I lived here I probably wouldn't go back. I'm a server myself and my biggest pet peeve at restaurants, are servers who look miserable. Your job is literally to be nice and look happy and welcoming not like you hate people and your job.Guided by yelp to this spot during an escape from the Bourbon Street malarkey, and it was all we were hoping for and more. We were blown away by the charcuterie board particularly the pate. Neither one of us are huge pate eaters, so we weren't prepared for it to be one of our favorites! The crab linguine is what brought me in, and I was not disappointed- it was such a light yet rich dish that I could eat again and again. Our waitress was friendly and helpful as well. 10/10 would revisit :)At least as far as Sunday brunch is concerned...
Overprice unimaginative menu in a nutshell.  I guess the overpriced is to be expected; it's the Quarter, but there's too many great places to settle on here.
Cheers.
O'Hare caveat: my date loved the False Bloody Mary.We chanced into this lovely restaurant after a walking tour. The ambiance was warm and inviting and after a quick yelp review noting a 4.5 star rating, we chanced it. 
Service initially was perfect but quickly  deteriorated when more customers arrived. The corn bread and fennel and mushroom soup were incredible. The cauliflower, pork cheeks and shrimp pasta were about the worst thing I've put in my mouth since arriving in New Orleans.  I cannot recommend the cuisine here, everything else was glowing.This restaurant is a must visit.  The brunch was delicious, the cocktails sublime (thank you Chelsea) and Scott, our server, was superb with a fantastic sense of humor.  Chef Alex came out to introduce himself, and in addition to being incredibly talented,  he also had a great personality.We had our first visit on March 28, and it was incredible.  We are part time residents of New Orleans and eat frequently in a lot of restaurants here.  Angeline has elevated into our group of favorites after one meal.  If price is factored in, there may not be a better menu in town.   
The decor is much improved over the old set up when Stella was in the same French Quarter location next to the Hotel Provincial on Chartres.   The Service was attentive and sharp but not smothering.  Everything on the menu looked tempting but we had the cauliflower appetizer, greens with pork crackings salad, rabbit with carrot purée and spoon bread, and heritage pork noisette and braised cheeks with braised root vegetables.  Desserts of blood orange sorbet and a pudding with lemon curd with citrus fruit were excellent. Craft cocktail menu is limited but creative and well done.  The Promise's Lost was amazing and packed a punch.Food was okay. Drinks were good. Service was awful! Waiter took drinks from us before we were finished. Rushed our meal. Then put the bill on the table, face up. So our guest saw the amount. After we paid, another waiter came & put the same exact bill back on the table, face up again! Probably wouldn't recommend or return. Too many other great places to choose from.Love the food here. The service was very good, Joe very knowledgable about the dishes. Will return soon for the farm egg, fried quail, cauliflower. So glad this place has opened in the neighborhood.As a Georgia native who lived in New Orleans for more than a decade, I always recognized that New Orleans is geographically in the South if not especially Southern.  So, in Angeline, it's nice to see a fine-dining restaurant titled toward specifically Southern influences, which definitely have an impact on the food of New Orleans but which often get a little lost in the Creole traditions that predominate here.
I ended up dining solo here because we were staying in the adjoining Hotel Provincial and my wife was still laid up with a nasty case of food poisoning from the night before.  My main server was still excellent, maybe even more attentive than he ordinarily would have been had he been working a bigger party.  The atmosphere is lowlit and mellow, backed by a playlist of older Southern rock and pop-rock (think the Ozark Mountain Daredevils' "Jackie Blue," which I actually heard, not Skynyrd or .38 Special).  The room is presumably as old as the ancient hotel it's housed in and has big wooden ceiling beams, but the ambience feels up to date.  It's nice.
My entree, the Mississippi Rabbit Milanese, was terrific.  It's a good chunk of de-boned rabbit, fried up perfectly with a crispy, delicious crust that stands up to a tomato gravy served atop it.  It came out piping hot and juicy, and served with spoon bread and braised greens.  The dish was executed expertly and it was good hearty eating.  Salad special, which came with airy pork cracklings, seemed somewhat underdressed (the opposite is a FAR more common complaint from me) and lacked punch, however.  Still very fresh, though.
I guess the Angeline staff took pity on this lone diner:  The server brought me a complimentary serving of house-made gelato, which was delicious, and a cookie.  Very nice gesture.
Excellent experience, and especially recommended if you're looking for a dining option in the Quarter that's definitely regional in orientation but not necessarily of Southeast Louisiana.
P.S.  The chef/owner is an Alabama native.  That crimson Angeline "A" logo above the main entrance on the side sure looks a lot like the Crimson Tide "A" logo.  In LSU country, that's a clever shot across the bow right there.A new addition to the, very full, New Orleans restaurant scene, this is a stand out.   
We dined for Sunday brunch and LOVED every second of it!  Please be sure to add this to your list of "Must Try" places- locals or tourists, both will love it!
Decor and atmosphere: lends itself to a relaxed elegance.  Some diners wore jeans, others were a bit more dressed for the occasion.  Jackets not required. 
Food: inspired southern/ Louisiana.  The starters were knocked out of the park!  Chicken and biscuits topped with sawmill gravy as well as the farm eggs on brioche with cream freiche and caviar were outstanding.  The special was a scotched egg coated in house bade boudin (some of the best I've ever had), fried, and set on top of THE MOST incredible squash puree. I COULD HAVE LICKED THAT PUREE CLEAN OFF THE PLATE!!
My mom got the red snapper special and it was delecible- crisp on the outside and soft and perfectly cooked middle.  The brioche French toast was to die for.  However, my omelet was the only thing that fell short for me.  The texture of the eggs seemed unusual, may have had the addition of flour as a stabilizer, and it lacked the fluffy cloud- like texture of a farm fresh egg omelet I was hoping for.  The grits! DON"T skip out on the grits.
Service: Rivals some of the top old school, white table cloth, restaurants in the city, but without feeling put-on or stuffy.  Very attentive wait staff that continually kept your dining space clean without being intrusive.  
bottom line, GO HERE.  And go often!Right next to hotel, but it took us two days to discover it.  We had two meals--breakfast and dinner. Both were excellent. Breakfast was pretty simple by our choice, but very well prepared, omelette and grits for me, eggs and sausage for my wife, and delicious. Staff were very friendly and solicitous of us without being over-weaning in their attention. Service was very quick, and good thing because we were hungry. On strength of breakfast, we went back for dinner, and were not disappointed. We loved the menu--traditional Southern foods but prepared in such and appealing way and very delicious, including a citrus posset and pumpkin pie. Shrimp with country ham was yummy as was pork. Nothing pretentious or stuffy about Angeline--just very well thought out and prepared menu and real concern for the diner's experience. Wlould go back tomorrow.Ruben the Waiter was excellent, but the food was just OK. Went for dinner from a trip advisor suggestion. Very average meal, small amount and at a premium price. There are MUCH better options in New Orleans and for cheaper. We made a mistake a brought a child there based upon basic info on the internet (Don't Do). They were accommodating but it was obvious that children are typically brought here ( no high chairs etc.. our fault!). We ate there and then went to Mothers for PoBoys. Maybe just an atypical experience, but I feel there are better options for the cost. Side note, the sparking Rosé was excellent!Very limited supply of alcohol selections--no Jack, Crowne, Kettle One etc.  manager says they only carry liquor said that staff like and will not carry any brand just because customers like it.  15 minute gap between every course and place is extremely loud with Southern Rock music playing as background music.  Food is "ok" but certainly not outstanding in any way.  To top it off, our coffee was luke warm.  This place not ready for prime time.  One of worst dining experiences in city,Street parking was easy on a Monday night. Good cocktails and charcuterie plate to start. Liked the fried cauliflower app a lot, nice new-to-me wines, and the crab linguini was good. Beautiful courtyard. Went with a large group of friends but it could also be romantic. Will try it again.This lovely restaurant had only been open for three weeks when my husband and I visited for dinner. The craft cocktail menu and wine list was limited but quality. We both opted for a specialty soda--a kola. It was fizzy and sweet with a hint of ginger. We ordered appetizers: southern fried quail and oyster pan roast. The 3 pieces of quail were small but very tasty with a crispy coating and a spicy sweet sauce. The oyster dish contained several plump oysters in a rich, creamy sauce, sprinkled with crunchy cornbread crumbs. I also ordered a salad of local field greens with a champagne vinaigrette. It was light and fresh.
For my entrée, I ordered the Mississippi Rabbit Milanese. It was delicious! The boneless rabbit was moist and meaty with a crispy coating, like the quail, and the spicy tomato gravy provided just the right amount of kick. The vinegar bite in the bacon braised collard greens was balanced by the smoky sweet bacon. I especially enjoyed the spoonbread which reminded me of polenta with its smooth texture. J
My husband ordered the Heritage Pork Noisette and Braised Cheeks. The tender pork was perfectly cooked, not easy considering the thickness of the Noisette. The meat was served with sweet glazed apples and roasted turnips & carrots. It was also accompanied by savory grits.
We would have loved to try one of the desserts, all of which sounded delicious, but we simply didn't have room; we were so full! 
On a final note, the service was terrific. At least three people came by the table regularly to keep our water glasses full. Our waiter was very attentive and brought fresh cutlery with each course. The only thing I could nit-pick about is the lack of table cloths--a trivial matter. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Angeline to anyone looking for a quality dinner in the French Quarter.We went on new year eve and had the three course menu. I started with the oysters and a sweet knowledge (drink). The fried oyster was one of the best things I have ever had and I don't usually like fried food. The sweet knowledge was a perfect mix of sweet spices and rum. For dinner, I had the stuffed quail which was to die for! For desert, the dark chocolate eye-less soufflé was to die for!! Will be back again soon!This was culinary gold!!! A true experience great food complex dishes with so many great dynamics, this is where you romance your wife and have a great meal!!! Truly the spot for serious foodies!! Go to this spot and our sever Colleen was super dope!!!!We found the food just okay. The service was good including the greeting up front.  The food was neither bad or terribly exciting. The crab and fettuccine was bland. The salad of the day was mediocre.  The tomatoes were not  tasteful.  The house salad had good local lettuces but I can't even remember what the dressing was.  The best dish was the soup with the collard greens. The dessert was average. If this restaurant is going to catch on with the locals it has to add some pizzazz. Something to make you come back after the first visit.Wow!! We came here for brunch during Hurricane Nate (non hurricane) I cannot even say enough about the incredible cocktails we had. I had a false Bloody Mary with pickled watermelon rind and my husband had a fresh squeezed screwdriver. Oh my. 
Brunch was superb. I had shrimp and grits and he had Boudin. Excellent!!!! Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Highly recommend.We had both dinner and breakfast here.  Great farm to table dining atmosphere.  Highly suggest taking them up on the special... Whatever it is!  The crispy cauliflower was amazing as a starter.  Grits in the morning were some of the best I've ever had.  If you're staying at the Hotel Provencial then you'll be right next door, but if you're staying closer to canal in the FQ then it's worth the walk!We went to Angeline on our last night in New Orleans, which came highly recommended from a foodie friend and NOLA resident. We were seated immediately without a reservation, which was a relief considering it was Halloween night on a Saturday!
The staff were very informative, friendly, and attentive. Since everything on the menu looked so damn delicious, we were indecisive but our server was very patient and walked us through the menu until we came to our final decisions. We started with the charcuterie board which exceeded expectations. So much so that I asked a staff member if I could take a picture of what was on the board (not listed on the menu) and he came back with a handwritten note listing the items and where they were sourced! Talk about service. For our entrees, we had the sourghum & cider brined pork tenderloin, the braised veal breast, the Louisiana blue crab & linguini, and the steak special of the night. The linguini pasta from my dish was made in-house and the blue crab could melt in your mouth. I also had a taste from everyone else's plate and was blown away. The food was fresh, locally sourced, and presented beautifully - but still had Southern components that reminded you that you were in NOLA. I am new to grits but our server insisted that they really had the best. I tried a generous amount from my boyfriend's pork dish and now I'm hooked. Where have grits been all my life? 
My experience at Angeline was undeniably one of the best I've ever had - and the rest of the table agreed wholeheartedly. It was the perfect ending to a memorable first time in the Big Easy.Excellent food and service. Came here as recommended from a friend in the NOLA restaurant industry and it did not disappoint. The fried quail and duck confit are reasons alone to go.My wife and I and two friends are all veteran NOLA diners and were really looking forward to Angeline. It was not a great experience! Cornbread, roasted oysters, smoked pork cheeks and the pea soup were all ok just not very interesting or flavorful. Shrimp bucatini and short ribs were good but nothing to write home about. The steak specials were flavorful but grilled closer to medium than the requested med rare. Our waitress seemed uninformed about any of the dishes, so was of little or no help. We love the space and remember a number of excellent dining experiences at the old Stella's. Won't be back - top end prices for mediocre food.My girlfriend and I spent a long weekend in January and we dined here the first night.  The space is intimate and comfortable.  The waitstaff attentive and helpful in recommending dishes.  What I didn't know coming here is that Angeline has an amazing sherry collection and offers a few flights to taste.  While I don't know if I am a sherry convert, it was definitely interesting and something I have not seen at many other restaurants.  Now back to the food.  We started with the salt egg yolk ravioli and the crispy cauliflower.  I know the cauliflower garners rave reviews but it didn't do anything for me.  On the other hand. the ravioli made from chesnut pasta, was absolutely delicious. For our entrees, we ordered rabbit milanese and confit duck leg and grilled sausage.  Portion sizes are generous here and I am glad they are because both were out of this world.  Of the two, the rabbit was my favorite.  Served with spoonbread, braised collards, and a smoked carrot puree, it was exactly what I needed on a chilly Friday night.  Refined comfort food.
Yes, we probably had to loosen our belts leaving the place but the whole night was extrenely satisfying.  Highly recommend this to anyone who may be in the area or visiting.The hubs and I were staying in hotel Provincial right next door to this cute place. I can't count how many times we walked by. I had seen them on Yelp and we finally made it in to give them a try. 
   Everything was pretty spectacular. From service to food. We received that genuine southern hospitality. Our sever an overall great disposition, loved her. 
    I must say, GET THE DONUTS! They're so fab! The hubs and I have dreams about those bad boys. The fried pickles are fab too. I'm a sucker for some fried pickles, if they're done right. 
    We also ordered the shrimp & grits, pretty darn tasty. A bit in the greasy side, but good. The hubs ordered a pretty standard breakfast plate, eggs & such. It was fairly basic. Now, there homemade hot sauce is awesome!Every dish we had was spot on. Great southern flavors with a very refined presentation.  Nice wine list and cocktail menu as well. Service was excellent! 
A must try. Will return.Really great brunch menu.  The boudin was absolutely fabulous.  The omelet was light as a cloud.  I don't know if I've ever seen an omelet prepared so perfectly.  It was magic.  The coffee was alway very good.  I love that their house coffee is a French press. Yum!  Would love to go back.Went here for brunch after reading about how good it was. Came specifically for the fried chicken and biscuits and it did not disappoint!! 
YOU MUST TRY THEM!!! Chicken was cooked to perfection with delicious spices, biscuit was buttery and melt in your mouth and pepper gravy was insane!! My mouth was savouring every last bite. It is a small serving which the waitress did tell us, its more of an appetizer so i ordered eggs and potatoes on the side which were both just as delicious. I don't know what they put in their potatoes but my god they are nice.
This is a nice setting for brunch in a tucked away location, very sweet decor.
A must try for anyone looking for a scrumptious brunch!!I visited New Orleans from Atlanta for a Girls trip & this place came highly recommended. Tony & his wife (the owners) are wonderful hosts. We actually ordered a few things & shared. We got a pasta dish, another seafood dish w/ grits, alligator, oh & my friend special ordered a Cajun Chicken Po Boy that they were nice enough to accommodate! There drink selection is wonderful as well & I enjoyed he out door seating. It's in the back of the restaurant & we simply loved it! Just go..& thank me later..they certainly don't disappoint.This was Meal #6 on Friday, May 15, 2015 at Angeline. Every time we finish a meal at Angeline we look at each other and say " best meal ever" and mean it. Wow, delicious, comfortable, classy, fun, what more can you ask for in a night out? Thank you Chef Alex Harrell.It's not that difficult to find good food in the Quarter. And, like a lot of places, THE FOOD IS AMAZING at Angeline's. What isn't easy to find is parking. This restaurant is part of the La Provincial Hotel, so we were able to valet park! If you have ever tried to find parking in the Quarter you know the value of available parking! So, I will go back again for the FANTASTIC FOOD, but also and the lack of a headache I get when I have to inch through Quarter looking for a place to park.Went for breakfast, getting there just a few minutes before their 11:00 breakfast close( weekdays). Greeted graciously. Great menu, had a hard time choosing. I went for the boudin and grits with red eye gravy. My wife opted for granola and yogurt. We shared an order of biscuits with fig jam. Everything was fantastic- I would have licked the plate, but restrained myself. Boudin was great, with a perfect egg on top of everything. Grits were wonderful. Coffee was delicious, with thick cream to accompany it. The menu emphasizes local providers. I would return again in a heartbeat, only difficulty would be the quandary of choosing to get the same thing again (because it was that good) or branch out and try something new.  Just a perfect breakfast.I visited Angeline recently for brunch for the first time. The moment that stood out the most for me was having the Executive Chef and Owner coming to speak with us. It wasn't a typical restaurant experience. We had the Fried Chicken and Biscuit with Gravy, among other things. It was wonderful! Crispy, moist and delicious. Service was always on top of it but not too intrusive. A great new brunch spot!BLUF:  Nice fancy but homely feel.  Good menu options and good food.  
We went for New Years Eve.  It was definitely good.  Nice place that has a very homely and cozy feel to it.  Server was great and did well with such a hectic night.
Started with the Salt Egg Yolk Ravioli.  It was really really good. 
For my meal I got the rabbit.  It was good but not great.  Menu made it sound pretty interesting but only the greens popped in my opinion.  Definitely not bad but didnt excite my mouth.
My wife got the pork tenderloin.  I think hers was the best at the table.  The grits were fantastic and paired well with the perfectly tender tenderloin.  This was a great meal.
Ended with a coffee and the chocolate, peanut and caramel tart.  This was not very exciting either.  Carmel and sea salt usually make me order something but this mainly tasted of the chocolate and not much else.  It was basically a piece of chocolate pie with a couple peanuts on top.  Good but not what I wanted.
Place is definitely good in all categories.  That being said there are a lot of other places  to try and this place was not good enough to call me back.Had a very nice time at this new restaurant! Started out at the bar with cocktails (Last Aviator & Promises' Ghost), which were refreshing and well crafted. Also had a nice chat with the bartender as we watched the staff prepare food through the glass door to the kitchen.
When we were seated at our table, I noticed the quaint, comfortable ambiance and appreciated how courteous and attentative the wait staff were. We started with the fried quail & farmer's egg which was delicious. Apparently, they also make their own butter and hot sauce, which were great accents to the meal. For our entree, we tried both the duck confit and the fried rabbit, both of which tasted incredible and were well prepared.
All around, I was very impressed with this restaurant and look forward to returning!Fransisco our server knew his business.  We allowed him to guide us thru the menu, and nothing disappointed.... Oysters were worth the visit. We enjoyed a Pinot noir from Germany (really).  Don't be taken back by the front room entrance, more elegant seating is in back.We had a reservation for brunch prior to our flight back home. I'm so glad that we did. The food was just amazing. I had the French toast. It was a thick slice served with maple syrup and apple butter along with two cloves of bacon. I also enjoyed a mimosa. It was literally the best French toast I've ever eaten. Our waitress was nice. The kitchen was running a bit slow, so we had to rush, but the manager provided me a to go drink for the inconvenience. I would certainly recommend anyone to stop there.We had the loveliest dinner. I had the shrimps with rice grits, kale, and bacon. My date had the veal. Everything was perfect. Staff was friendly and attentive. We will return!Tiny portions, mediocre food, and high prices. My husband and I were staying at the hotel where Angeline is located and, just as we were heading out for dinner, a thunderstorm rolled in. We decided to pop in without reservations to stay dry. The hostess was helpful and accommodating. Throughout the meal, service was good. To start, we ordered the crispy smoked pork cheeks. The cheeks were tasty and cooked well, but were served with an odd combination of mustard sauce and strawberry sauce. The strawberry sauce was very sweet and delicious on its own, but clashed with the mustard sauce. Had the berries been tart, the combination may have worked better. For dinner, I ordered the shrimp and grits while my husband ordered the burger topped with a fried egg and French fries. The shrimp were perfectly cooked, but overly fishy tasting. In addition, the shrimp were laying in the grits and sauce with tails-on. I tried to remove the tails with my utensils to no avail. I finally resorted to pulling the buttery, slippery tails off with my fingers. My husband was pleased with his burger, but said it wasn't much better than a similar burger he orders at Steak'n'Shake. Grand total for appetizer, two dinners, and two iced teas: $74.37 (before 20% tip).Stumbled on to this little gem on our last trip. I could not have been more impressed. My sister even ordered the cheeseburger (which she felt bad about doing with so many other wonderful options) and she said it was the best she has ever had. Coincidentally, the farmer who supplies their beef happened to be dining in the restaurant that night. Everything was perfect from appetizer to dessert. We would never have known about it if one of the sous chefs hadn't offered to help us with directions while she was unloading her car earlier in the day. We were standing right there and didn't even realize there was a restaurant. She helped us with directions and mentioned we should come by sometime for dinner because "it is the best restaurant I have ever worked in." So glad we took her advice. We will definitely come by again if we ever have the chance!The food is great and the staff are incredibly pleasant. It has a nice, slightly formal atmosphere but isn't stuffy. It would be a great date restaurant.
The food is amazing. We got the rabbit, veal, and crab linguini. All terrific, as is the pork fried corn bread that comes before the meal. But by far the best in my option was the banana pudding. Definitely order it.The beau and I had a recommendation from an in-the-know friend to try this place on our recent visit to the city. We made reservations, without incident, on the same day we planned to go for a late dinner. We arrived and were promptly seated. First impression: our waiter was a litttttle awkward but the charm of the young man filling water and bussing tables made up for it. After having to ask for more time, thrice, because our waiter was an eager beaver (seriously, we couldn't have been looking at the menu for more than 6mins.... I just like to take it all in!) we settled on splitting the charcuterie board and the squash blossom appetizer. We reasoned that if we were still hungry, we could get an entree or two. We were pleased we didn't over order as the Charcuterie board is *massive* and amaze-balls. Seriously, we kept making cutesy build-a-bites and feeding them to each other and the food never seemed to disappear, it was charcuterie nirvana. As for the blossoms, it was the perfect appetizer for a date night split: beautiful, two big bites, food-gasm inducing. We left stuffed and in awe of the food. I regret we didn't take advantage of the sherry or dessert menu but we'll just have to return.Angeline is the newest addition in the Lower Quarter and blessedly, just around the corner from our townhouse. We stopped in for our first visit last Thursday evening. The renovations since occupied by Stella really warmed the space up and the bar looks absolutely fantastic. 
My husband and I split the oyster pan roast appetizer and the shredded pork hock cakes and ate and enjoyed absolutely every bite of both. We followed with the black eyed pea and collard green soup, which I could come back for again and again and never tire of the rich and layered flavors. For entrees, we had the duck confit and the veal.  The veal was the only disappointment of the evening - and even then only slightly so. It was, for my taste, slightly over breaded and the sauce seemed heavy for this dish. Angeline has a solid middle to top end bourbon selection and inventive and fresh craft cocktails.
We will definitely be back to try more things on the menu - and for more of the peas and collards soup!We came here after being turned away from Amelie just down the street. The hostess recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be a wonderful experience. They too were full, but had seating available at the bar. My husband and I ordered drinks, old fashioned and the last aviator, and the charcuterie board to start. The drinks were amazing, as was the appetizer. We ordered the lamb shoulder and ended up very full! Overall ADelicious food fantastically prepared off the beaten path menu that goes to its N' Orleans heritage and traditional flavors but is not the typical usual food you find in the French quarter.
Excellent wine selection with a nice selection of appetizers and we enjoyed the Burrata plate which was creamy an elegant and well presented along with pickle vegetables and one of the best gazpacho soups I've tasted.
The fish of the day was well prepared and delicious with accompanying sauces, mushrooms and roasted tomatoes.  To finish it off the decadent chocolate Flawn type dessert was incredibly outstanding with toasted marshmallow and finished off with delicious sauce and toasted hazelnuts and pralines across the top.
You will not be disappointed if you swing by here for lunch or dinner as the chef is outstanding definitely an up-and-coming culinary force in the New Orleans food world and a place I would love to visit again if ever given the opportunity.The cauliflower appetizer is out of this world. Lightly coated and crispy. The ravioli was delicious also but a small portion for the price. The whole fish flounder filleted at the table was very tasty however you need to eat each bite very careful as my daughter pulled several bones out with each bite. I had the pork tenderloin which was very nice along with all the accompaniments. Staff is very knowledgable and friendly.We had a delightful breakfast in a quiet part of the French Quarter.  We started with an appetizer-size sample of the Brioche French Toast with peach preserves.  Let's just say I wanted to lick the plate when it was gone.  Then I had their oatmeal and my partner had country breakfast. The oatmeal was wonderful. Eggs were so light and fluffy and grits were the best I've ever had!
We highly recommend Angeline.I've been to Angeline a few times now, and each time has been amazing! The space has been lightened up quite a bit since its days as Stella, and for the better in my opinion. Here's a few highlights I want to share with everyone:
-the sherry menu! Honestly, the best in the city. Probably the most expansive as well. If sherry is your thing, you NEED to come check this place out.
-The cocktail menu: there's a cocktail with tequila and beet juice and somehow it doesn't taste anything like a Cinco de Mayo borscht. It's amazing. All the drinks are. (Believe me, I've drank most of them :) )
-The roasted cauliflower: even if you're just stopping in for a cocktail, this is worth ordering as a bar snack. It's AMAZING. So much flavor, and the texture is heavenly.
A few other things: Angeline started doing brunch recently, and while I haven't tried it yet, I have read the menu and I can't wait to check it out. If it's a nice night, check out the patio for dinner. It's in such a beautiful, quiet spot, you'll forget the craziness of the French Market is just around the corner. There's even an herb-fountain where all the basil, rosemary, etc. for the kitchen are grown!So many people travel to Nola for a fine dining experience, and Angeline definitely delivers that. I came here for a work dinner with about 10 people. When we got there around 6, the restaurant was completely empty. It has a rustic french countryside vibe that makes it feel like you are dining in a french cottage. The cocktails here are AMAZING! They told us their bartender just won some sort of prestigious bartending award, so don't skip the drinks. The menu is pretty small but typical of a high-end restaurant. They had one vegetarian dish that was tofu, which I found odd for the type of restaurant it was. I didn't feel like tofu, so I  just got the raviolo appetizer as my main. It was very tiny, but I filled up on other delicious appetizers like the cauliflower and the charcuterie/cheese plate. We spent 3 hours there and they never rushed us out. Overall, I think the experience was great but they could make it better by adding a better vegetarian option.This should actually be 3.5 and not 3. To be honest this is your standard fine dining establishment. Everything was good but not outstanding. Nothing I had was very memorable. However, I did enjoy the cauliflower and the scallops. I would go for the experience and the drinks. Sit back, relax and enjoy.Dinner at Angeline was a very pleasant experience.  It had an elegant yet relaxed feel. The service and food were great.  Our party was one that was slow to make decisions, split plates, and have restricted diets.  We had an oxtail barley soup which was about as good as such a basic soup can be.  The appetizer of warm shrimp and corn pudding was excellent.  It was followed a delicious lamb dish, served two ways with roasted root vegetables.  It was killer.This place is INCREDIBLE. My friends from Mississippi drove up to meet me in NOLA and recommended this place. I'm sooooo glad they did! We had brunch here on a Sunday and it was surprisingly low key. The place was cozy and quiet, which was a nice change of pace from the craziness that is NOLA this time of year. They had a great selection in terms of the menu, but I went with the recommendation of the waitress and got the French toast. OMG.....incredible. It was super fluffy with strawberry topping, bacon, and whipped cream. Very, very good. Probably some of the best French toast I've ever had. I also had 2 glasses of orange juice. Soooo fresh. My friends ordered the same French toast, but had coffee, which they said was delicious. I found the staff attentive and friendly. There wasn't a bad part of this experience.....I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.Just wow!!! Food was mind blowing. The ambience amazing. My wife and I had wonderful time here. Such a hidden gem...The food was delicious and beautifully presented. My pork and grits dish was delicious with all its accoutrements, and the shrimp and rice dish was wonderful as was the seafood stew.  However, the restaurant was a disappointment because of the ambience.  All that fine food deserves a beautiful backdrop, and the romantic, intimate atmosphere of Stella's has been transformed into a casual bistro atmosphere.  Very disappointing.Angeline is an adorable nook tucked away in the French Quarter on Chartres. It is rather small and quaint in size, but the flavors are BIG and incredible. We went for Sunday brunch, and had a bit of wait even though we made a reservation and the place wasn't packed. Overall, the service left something to be desired but the food was so fantastic that I am STILL giving it five stars. We had the fried pickles with buttermilk ranch (these were wonderful - I believe the pickles are house made, and the only thing I would change would be to have a creamier and thicker buttermilk ranch), the strawberry donuts with a lemon verbena glaze (these were super yummy - could have done withou the strawberry and would have liked to see blueberry maybe to go with the lemon...?), the pork belly and fried green tomato sandwich (this was AMAZING), and the fried chicken and biscuits (this was very good, but I admit that I expected it to be a bit better - more savory maybe?). However, even with minor hiccups, this was the best place that we ate in New Orleans. If you are in NOLA, definitely go here. Definitely.So awesome. Attentive and knowledgeable staff, great food, nice ambiance. I wish we had found it a little sooner in the trip because we would have eaten there more often!CJ is the best bartender this side of the local poke stop. We came as soon as it opened, so we had the full attention of the staff here. They're all super sweet and pleasantly chatty.
I ordered the deviled eggs. Two comes with an order and they're pretty darn good. If you have to choose one appetizer then I recommend the Crispy Cauliflower. I don't even like cauliflower but this was very good. ~Seven comes with an order and it sits in olive paste. I also don't like olives, but this crispy combination was a good mixture.
I also got the famous H&N burger (100% grass fed beef). ER met gerd! If you have an insatiable stomach like I do then this is for you. A loaded burger that comes with a huge tub of fries. I approve!
The music here reminds me of 12th Amendment.
I'm definitely coming back here for dinner or happy hour.We came for my brother's birthday last week, and everything was wonderful. They were so helpful and accommodating with setting up the reservation, helping with the cake, dealing with our (slightly rowdy) group, and making it a truly memorable celebration. Our server was Jimmy, and he went above and beyond to make everything perfect. Thanks Angeline for a fantastic night!Went for brunch and was in love with everything. This place really knows how to class up the classics and give you a twist you didn't know you needed, but you absolutely do. 
The False Blood is the best Bloody Mary (with a twist) I've had. Tried it with the vodka, then with Mezcal and both were delicious but would lean towards the vodka. 
Had the chicken and biscuit for an appetizer, amazing. 
I got the country fried steak and eggs, the man got the brioche French toast. Both were absolutely delicious. 
The place is really quiet and wish they had brunch drink specials but I would go back in a heartbeat. They took classics to the next level with all the right twists. A must do for brunch!Wonderful food, great service. Wish I lived here to eat again!!!! 
Rabbit was excellent choice. Must check
Out drinks tooOur family chose this place late night through open table.
At first glance we thought it was just a tiny  room but then we were brought to back where there was a great long room. The place felt confy like you were at someone's home.
We realized it was late and were disappointed that two items on the menu were out.
The food was good, and we liked the wine but felt that the service was not perfect.
I really hate feeling rushed. The place still had a few tables eating but yet they took one of our plates away before we finished.
Even our wine glass which had wine left was whisked off.Romantic ambiance and outstanding food! All at perfect price. Had a stellar wine/beer selection. My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary and I was more then pleased with the customer service. Lamb shoulder and an oyster appetizer were perfect to share. If you're looking for an upper scale restaurant in New Orleans I would highly recommend Angeline's to anyone in the area.  We'll be back!I came for brunch on Lundi Gras because they were having a hair metal brunch. The menu was named after 80s songs, and the waiters were dressed up. They did start playing the good music about halfway through our dining experience (they said they were having issues with the sound).
The good: the food was pretty good. Everything we ordered was very savory.
The bad: the mimosas tasted off and weren't very chilled. I then ordered a glass of Prosecco and it was pleasantly cold and bubbly.
The ugly: the prices. I felt it was a little expensive for their portion sizes.Our visit to Angeline was fantastic! Service was charming, food was delicious and inventive. Chef Alex Harrell is on spot!Amazing food.  I recommend the strawberry doughnuts and the eggs in hell. I will be back next time I am in NO.The hostess was the rudest person I have ever met . When enter the restaurants she told us she was the only host. After 15 min she took our order. We waited 30 minutes . No drinks when we ask if she placed our order. She was very rude!!! . She said we can cancel our order. We left . It was the worst I have ever experienced . If the owner continues to have this employee on their payroll . He is a foolOur favorite restaurant in NOLA hands down. The staff is great and the food is incredible.Sweet hostess! Our server was on the serious side when we got there but then she lightened up- Drinks were yum, food was really good and I loved the laid back ambiance. It used to be Stella! Which I never visited but my friends had and they loved what the owners of Angeline did with the space. Will def be back and I recommend for brunch!
Ps I didnt post a pic of the fried pickles app- order them!This is a good solid New Orleans restaurant albeit one that is extremely noisy. Noise in NOLA is not necessarily a bad thing, but if you are looking for a quiet spot to express intimate thoughts, this may not be your best option. 
The Crispy Cauliflower appetizer was great. The flavorful veggie featured a sheep milk cheese "crust" on a tapenade base to add some needed salt. Rabbit Milanese used a tender leg, deboned & served with a purée carrot and tomato and spoon bread. Also sampled was the Gulf Shrimp and Country Ham. Both were tasty with nice flavors. 
Angeline is a worthy addition to the fine restaurants of New Orleans.Absolutely wonderful place. I came here for a birthday party of 10 and everything was handled quickly and deliciously. I asked the staff to bring out a candle with dessert and they were so sweet about bringing out dessert even though we were so full that no one was able to eat anymore! 
Overall, the food was upscale Southern and fantastic. Two things that I remember about the menu. First, the charcuterie plate is NOT a stereotypical plate but very much a New Orleans/Southern type of plate. Therefore, if you get it, make sure you read the menu and consider its components carefully so you have the right expectations when it comes out. Second, the steak dish is out of this world. There is SO MUCH steak, and if you are a lover of almost rare meat, you will be in heaven. 
I love this place. Highly recommended and a great place to have a wonderful group dinner. It's also on a beautiful and quiet part of noisy New Orleans, so for the more upscale quieter crew, it's perfect.Came here for a nice dinner, quiet on a Sunday night but had an amazing meal! My boyfriend and I split a cornbread appetizer and pork chop entree since we weren't extremely hungry it was a good amount. Both were delicious!Great flavorful FRESH food, very good service (attentive but not overbearing) nice atmosphere, original. Kudos from teen on the music, too! Top notch rating from the birthday boy!Not going back. All we wanted was to have a table not next to the front door, so we wouldn't be cold as people came in and out. The hostess told us the other table was "reserved".  We watched it sit empty for 45 minutes. And it turns out there's another room, which also had empty tables. We also got all our food at once, as opposed to starters then entrees. That made me feel rushed. We spoke to the manager who told us she was sorry, "but things change so quickly."  Not sure why that meant we had to have worst table in the place, when they had seating options. The manager gave us a free dessert, which was kind, but all we wanted was a warm table.
It's not cheap, so we were on the hook for $250+, but for that money and with all the great places to eat in NoLa, next time I'll go somewhere else. 
Our server was very sweet; credit to her.My wife and I visited Monday evening. The restaurant was not busy. It was the best meal we can remember having in two years since we visited Spring in Paris. Our waiter was terrific. The food was fabulous, starting with the charcuterie that containing a beef terrine, pork sausage and smoked beef, with delicious condiments highlighted by pickled plums. We also had the oster casserole appetizer that had delicious mushrooms with it. Our waiter steered us towards a reasonably priced ($48) zinfandel that was outstanding with our pork noisette and veal breast entrees. Both were interestingly presented. The veal was cooked sous vide and then finished in the frying pan. It was moist and flavorful. Absolutely delicious. The pork noisette came over delicious corn grits. For dessert we shared a slice of chocolate chess pie. Everything tasted great. Portion sizes were large compared to typical upscale restaurants. It was a very comfortable, unpretentious restaurant. I urge you to go. You will enjoy this restaurant.This place had excellent service. The waiter properly wiped our table after every course, brought the appropriate silverware at the appropriate times, make recommendations, etc.
We came here for a Valentine's Day dinner, but skipped the special Valentine prix fixe as it featured lamb which we don't care for. Instead we ordered two appetizers and two mains, plus dessert. 
Unfortunately we weren't wild about either of the appetizers: the fried quail or the beef cheek. 
My companion had the charcuterie sample as his main course, and it was very good. 2 kinds of cheese and four kinds of sausage, plus really tasty crackers and garnishes.
I had the duck leg confit and it was also very good.
We ordered two of their house cocktails to try and the one made with Pimm's was really good. We vowed to buy a bottle upon getting home, assuming one can find it in Pennsylvania liquor stores.My boyfriend took me here for Valentine's Day dinner. It has a romantic ambience. It's a pretty restaurant. We ordered a bottle of granacha red wine from Spain, with the recommendation of the server. They had a pre fix Valentine's dinner, which included papardelle pasta with lobster and mushrooms, a coffee rubbed leg of lamb and a chocolate cake for dessert. The appetizer and lamb were both delicious. My boyfriend and I weren't that much of a fan of the chocolate cake because it was hard. But we didn't mind because we were full anyway. Aside from the Valentine's special, we also ordered the fried quail appetizer, which was delicious. And for dinner, my boyfriend had the crab linguine. It was pasta with crabmeat, also delicious. Overall, we liked this place and it was a nice place to have a Valentine's Day dinner.Having traveled to five continents, this was some of the best food we have eaten anywhere.  We were there for Sunday brunch. Never having had fried pickles, I was surprised to find them very tasty. We progressed on to the crispy boudin served with grits. Excellent! The food also came in a timely manner. The server practically treated us like family.Had a brunch reservation for 11:45 on a Sunday. If you like brunch, I think you need to visit Angeline for a treat! The space is comfortable and open. The host who sat us was friendly and he seemed to be keeping an eye on things.  Our server gave us her opinions and didn't steer us wrong. Now...on to the food, the star of the show! To start we had a plate of the Fried Okra and the Cinnamon Sticky Bun. Get both of these if you can and share! Both were delightful. For my main I had the Angeline Omelette with roasted vegetables, herbs, and ricotta with a side of skillet potatoes. The Omelette was light, fluffy and seasoned well; no need to add any salt or pepper. Also ordered at the table was the Chicken and Biscuits as well as Country Fried Steak and Eggs. Everyone enjoyed their dishes very much. Try the Bloody Mary here. They make the tomato base in house and it is lighter than a typical Bloody Mary. Overall Angeline was a lovely experience. A French Quarter must.A new place, yes and a very good one indeed.
The items on the menu are all good, not unique maybe but good combinations. Try their pasta appetizers if you are a fan, it is light and completely logical way to begin a good meal. Their soup is also really good.
Try the rabbit if you are a fan, the tomato sauce with the carrot puree and the crispy rabbit itself is phenomenal. The linguini and the pork are other good options.
They have very good desserts. The chocolate cake is amazing and it is kind of a pie, but it is lighter than that. They also have various ice creams which might change but you should try it, it is light and fresh.
Cocktails or wine menu is not very impressive though. Not worth your time -especially if you are not focused on that part, but it is ok.
The decoration is really good. This place is located in a rather demure area near french quarter, so expect it to become very touristy in the future but as it is a new place, few people have become to appreciate it. It is actually in/next to an alley of a hotel and has some kind of patio/small outside garden where you don't sit or dine but can observe the things around.
Overall a good job.