This place has a great happy hour! Although, the boudin balls were a little heavy. They tasted like they had a gumbo roux in the boudin making it gooey. I have never had gooey boudin and don't recommend that dish. Balls aside, the burger, chicken sandwich, and fries were clutch! Drink specials were a decent deal. Service was superb!Not a bad thing to say about this place! We sat down and immediately felt freezing air blowing on us and our waitress turned up the temp immediately to accommodate us. The apps, cocktails, wine list & entrées were all phenomenal and we loved the modern dining experience that isn't so common in NOLA.We had a fantastic dining experience tonight!  Our server, Carlos, was so knowledgeable and he described the menu choices so well! His suggestions were great.  His service was impeccable!  The food was outstanding.... the gumbo was so flavorful, one of the best I've ever had!  Fried green tomatoes and baked oysters are to die for!  Trout almondine was delicious, very fresh fish, perfectly cooked.  Cocktails were excellent and dessert, the butterscotch budino, yummmmm! One of the best desserts ever!!!  Great food, great service, great dining experience!One of the best maitre 'd s in the business. We arrived early and were serenaded while awaiting our appetizers. I ordered a Pimms Cup before dinner and while out od cucumbers a staff member was sent sprinting down the street to acquire one brownie points for sure. We ordered the cabbage to start, scallops for dinner and lemkn cake for dessert. I later learned the head chef once worked for Clancy's which makes sensw as the menu is nearly identicle, not that is all bad but I felt like I had tasted this menu before.
Overall it was pleasurable experience but there are other places that I would choose first.Worst service. Very inappropriate staff at the bar. The person bar tending literally changed three times during our meal.  No explanation, introduction, or apology. The first bar tender rolled his eyes when I asked if a dish had wheat or gluten in it. The second bar tender actually reached over our plates and between my partner and I, while we were eating, to hand another gentlemen his unsigned check and discuss how he left the wrong copy.... All while keeping his smelly arm hovered over our side dishes and between my partner and me. Finally the third bar tender was MIA for the last 15 minutes of our meal and when we were trying to get our bill. We had to flag down a waiter to come to the bar, in order to pay for our meal. 
The food was actually pretty good but I could barely enjoy it with all of the distraction. 
Really disappointed.Food was not good. My party of 22 people all ordered different food and no one was happy About the meal. Sides came out way after main course. 1.5 hours from
Order to table. Won't come again.This place is (almost) perfect for what it's intended to be. Great food in a relaxed but perfectly adult (can come casually or professionally) atmosphere. Between 4 of us, we had sesame crusted yellowfin tuna, pan seared gulf black drum, etouffee rouge, oysters, salads, lemon ice box pie, banana bread pudding and everyone loved everything. We were comfortable and happy. They were also great about dietary limitations and allergies. The only drawback was that the server wanted to chat with us about our careers as well as our time in New Orleans - he was friendly but this was annoying as we were clearly engaged in our own conversation (in town for a conference) and had not invited this lengthy interruption. Technically I'd give 4.5 stars for the friendly server's less-then-professional interruption, but I would return for the food without hesitation! I recommended to everyone I saw that week.My experience was amazing. Sincerely. From the hand crafted (amazingly delicious) cocktails that were presented beautifully to the VERY sweet matre D and server I can't really say anything bad about anything at annunciation. I LOVED the Bree oysters, they were cheesy and buttery good! You would think that the melt in your mouth, perfectly seasoned-too good to share- pork shoulder signature dish would be the star, but the STAR was the Budino. I have not stopped thinking of it! It is layer upon layer of sexiness that is kind of hard to describe-if you don't order it you're making a mistake! Cheers to Annunciato for an incredible dinner:) Five stars!Annunciation is a neighborhood gem, with comfort food done simply. Bon jour, Annunciation!
The renovated, Warehouse District location's decor has been freshened up, but keeps true to it's classic bones with an almost French nod. From the vanilla walls, exposed brick, long white stone topped bar, a wine room encased in glass, to the old school house lights to the French bar music (which could be louder, and on more consistently), one can watch the scene in mirror running the length of the restaurant in the main room. The art is black and white canvases, Motherwell style. Rosemary sprigs on white tablecloths with little candles flickering make for a romantic night out with my beau. We feel compelled to order Champagne on a Thursday night, c'est no?
As the setting is just right, so is the staff, all in bow ties. Our waiter is sincere, and funny, attentive and not obtrusive, which is appreciated, as we ponder over our next French escape. 
The menu is far from Nola, with touches of French, Indian fusion. I appreciate all the seafood and a bounty of vegetables. We opt for watermelon salad with thyme and goat cheese, on a bed of dark red chicory type lettuce. It's fresh. Next up is the crab and lobster risotto. The crab is so fresh, you taste the sea. The risotto is done perfectly, not lumpy, sticky, overdone or gluey. Instead, it is creamy, not too cheesy or laden with butter, and the right consistency, chock full of crustacean. We try so many of the vegetable side dishes, all are done nicely. For dessert, we debate over the chocolate pot de creme, and the chef's famous lemon ice box pie, similar to key lime but icey cold almost frozen. The tender, butterycrust and lemony topping is just right. 
This new Annunciation is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. We can't wait to stroll back in, but warning, you may want to make a reservation! The word is getting out.Family came in town from Memphis and this was an awesome meal! We got basically everything on the menu (eggplant, Brussels sprouts, crab claws, bread pudding , angel hair pasta , cauliflower , pan roasted chicken, etc) .. great fine dining  .. Would highly recommend . Low key on a SundayThere are few times in my life I've felt...emotionally connected to a restaurant; but I've gotta give it to you guys straight, Randall and company really resonated with me tonight. From Philadelphia, my family and I came to New Orleans with a hunger for adventure...and we worked up quite an appetite along the way! LOL. We started with small plates; a sautéed kale, Brussels sprouts, baked oysters, and the like. All I can say is WOW. The Gulf Drum was, as promised, to die for - just the right amount of crispness. All in all, a phenomenal restaurant. Next time you're in Nola, I couldn't recommend enough. I  Annunciation!Didn't have big expectations, but enjoyed a delicious Maple Vanilla Old Fashioned before an amazing Pork Shoulder over grits and sliced steamed Brussels sprouts. Great music, great service! Why didn't I come here earlier?Fun staff at bar and waiters. Enjoyable dinner and visit. Unfortunately I forgot to review timely but I'd absolutely recommend a vist when in NOLAThis is our favorite restaurant in NOLA. We go every time we are in the Big Easy. Friendly wait staff. Fabulous food. Quaint and lovely atmosphere I had the duck tonight. Omg! Fabulous. My husband had the Pork shoulder. Oh so good!Three stars for food, four stars (or more) for service.  The maitre d was as charming as others have mentioned, to the point of singing some Nat King Cole for us.  We had asked the concierge for a recommendation where 7 of us could be seated without a reservation (around 7pm on a Thursday), and she steered us correctly.  
The appetizers were great; our server raved about the oysters and shrimp remoulade enough that we got 2 plates of each for the table.  The oysters are definitely worth ordering; the brie goes surprisingly well with the spinach and fried oysters.  The mains were good but less exceptional.  I had the flounder special, tasty but not standout, but one of my companions had the pork shoulder which is definitely something I would order again.  
However, the service is what truly made this exceptional--the bartender recommended a wine based off of our taste and price preferences, and it was so good we got a second bottle.  Our server was phenomenal, keeping waters refilled and the table very entertained.  He was an excellent salesman and talked us into desserts...the salted caramel chocolate mousse (bodino) was a nice texture but too much salt although the lemon icebox pie was pretty tasty.
Ambiance was nice; surprisingly someone walked in wearing a t-shirt and jeans but he was admitted, so I guess they're pretty flexible.  It's not cheap but if you need a solid option for a group, I definitely recommend it.Terrible service. Kitchen was over one and a half hours behind due to a catered event upstairs.  Half the sides were cold. Pork and drum were ok.I had dinner here on 5/25 and really enjoyed the food, ambiance, and service.
A great find in NOLA!Dined here last night. Great relaxed, simple atmosphere. Waitress was helpful and friendly. Bread was warm and fresh, perfect. Shrimp Remoulade was excellent. Shrimp were plump and so fresh! Chicken Bonne Femme was out of this world, chicken and potatoes perfectly crisp on the outside. Julia Child used to make this dish! Gravy/broth was full of flavor. I've never had better chicken. Pasta primavera was very good, as was the drum fish and veal fettuccine alfredo. Tomato basil soup was also very good. We ate every last bite. The food took a little time to arrive, but the chef was working alone and with great attention to detail. I'm so glad we found this gem. Compliments to the chef. If we ever visit NOLA again, we will return.Have mercy!!!! How does this place not have a line out the door?!? We walked in after calling ahead so we wouldn't have to wait long. Got seated right away and the General Manager, Cody, ended up waiting on us just because he likes to "get in the trenches" more every now and then. He was great! But the food.... THE FOOD!!!!!! We started with Oysters Rockefeller which we have had at many other places but this was like none other!!! Then I had the gulf fish and my signif had the tuna. Both were out of this world!! Truly out of this world amazing! Then we finished with the banana pudding creme brûlée. HAVE MERCY!!! For drinks we had the southern smash and the old fashioned. So good! The host was also just the sweetest and came over to converse when he wasn't busy. We will DEFINITELY be back the next time we are in New Orleans!!Our server was wonderful and the atmosphere was very quiet for a nice sit down dinner. I had the crawfish etouffe, highly recommend. The desserts sounded great but I was too full after my entree to try. Definitely going back on my next Nola trip.Pleasantly surprised.
- The oyster, spinach, and mushroom soup was rich, not too thick, and had excellent flavor
- The triple tail prepared with nuts, dried fruit, and a touch of tomato was light and tangy.  
- The cauliflower au gratin, well, how can you go wrong with that much cheese?  What I really appreciated was the bite sized portions of cauliflower.  Perfect.
- The boudino was outstanding.  Butterscotch pudding with a thick caramel top with cream and sea salt was all I could have hoped for in a dessert.  I wish I had five right now.
- Service was excellent.  "Plate of Deliciousness!"Beautiful restaurant. Impeccable wine list. Save room for dessert, the boudino is the best dessert I have ever had !!!!!!!Everyones food was good. The service was exceptional. The only thing I was not satisfied with were the drinks. The description didn't match the flavors. I ordered the gulf drum, and it was really good. All of the flavors blended well. The prices are a little steep for the drinks, but the portions are nice for the food. I had the cotton gin Rickey, and I stopped ordering drinks after that because it tasted nothing like ones I've had before. It was bad.Went with a big group. The menu was good but the food was a tad underwhelming. They were also short staffed and took way too long with drink orders. I would try it again with a smaller group.Cannot say a bad thing about this place. Went here for a work dinner with a group of 20. We had a portion of the upstairs with the bar. The servers were very tentative. We had the pre fix menu and everything was simply delicious. I would definitely come back if I'm in town again.Took 3 hours. Long wait between courses.  Didn't have the full menu. Food was good but slow service ruined the experience.One of the best meals I've had in a long time. We started off with the fried oysters and brie, then we had the pork shoulder and grits, and finished with the budino; the food was amazing! The oysters were fried perfectly and the pork was so tender that you didn't need a knife.  The dessert was the perfect combination of sweet and salty.  Garrowy was our amazing bartender and he and the rest of the staff were fantastic!!We had an absolutely perfect meal experience from start to finish. Highly recommend the tuna and black drum. Service impeccable, great atmosphere. One of our new favorites.Unfortunately, it was not the best dining experience. We arrived for our 8 PM reservation a few minutes early and were seated 20 minutes later. While sitting at the bar, the bartender did not even acknowledge us. Once we were seated we ordered martinis, a bit dirty. The martinis arrived approximately 15 minutes later and were terrible.
Our waitress was very friendly and made several recommendations. After the fourth attempt to order a bottle of wine, as none appeared to be in stock we decided to forego the wine. The waitress said we should order our appetizers, entrées and dessert all at one time because they were very busy and only had a few people in the kitchen. We ordered appetizers of fried oysters with Brie and spinach, as well as fried chicken dumplings.  About 45 minutes later our appetizers were served and had zero flavor. The oysters had so much batter all you could taste was dough and oil. The dumplings were not much better. Everything was very bland, no seasoning whatsoever  We decided to cut our losses and leave prior to the entrées.Dined at Annunciation this past weekend and it was great. Everyone from the maître d' to the servers was very warm and inviting. I had a nice salad to start followed by the veal oscar. My friend had turtle soup and the shrimp etouffee. The chef came out to visit our table twice, which was very nice. And it turns out the shrimp dish was his grandmother's recipe! Also great cocktails! For dessert we shared a fabulous chocolate pots de crème and even more fabulous bread pudding. As tourists, we appreciated having authentic cajun/creole food without sacrificing quality or atmosphere.Do not miss the Oysters w Brie appetizer. The flounder was superb as was the Redfish w Coconut-Lime rice-- so refreshing & clean on the palate. Attentive but not intrusive staff. The one drawback:  uncomfortable ice cream parlor style chairs designed to turn the tables. I would go back.Never even made it to the service. Arrived 15 minutes prior to reservation and were told we would be seated at our time. Our reservation time came and went and were seated 20 minutes late. Sat down and no one acknowledge us and we sat there waiting and waiting and decided to leave. Can comment on the food but my guess is that it isn't worth it.Hmmm... I thought this place somewhat average.  First the good things:   
The interior is lovely and the service is great.  
I really enjoyed the fried green tomatoes and the bread that was brought warm to the table.   
The wine we got - a really nice tempranillo that was recommended by the sommelier was great.
I also liked the creole rice that went with the tuna we got. 
On the minus side- the tuna itself was average and we couldn't eat the drum dish at all.  The ingredients were good but it was way too bland for me.
So a nice enough place but since I was not a fan of any of the main dishes - 3 stars.My favorite New Orleans restaurant!  Food and service always great, took my mom and uncle here for her birthday a few weeks ago and had the best time.  Drinks are always on point and every dish we ordered was fantastic, will def be back!My family ate here recently in celebration of my brother's Tulane graduation.  Approaching this restaurant was a bit odd (we walked) as it is nestled next to a gas station, but this downtown/warehouse district is definitely up and coming and I like the "bougie" vibe.  Anyway, on to the restaurant.  The atmosphere inside is charming and funky, with a large bar with a good wine collection and decent cocktail menu.  The only strike against the interior was the ugly black and wide modern paintings that don't seem to go with anything else.  Our party of five enjoyed appetizers and entrees.  Most everyone opted for seafood dishes; a disappointment was that the special salad described to us was sold out by our 9PM reservation.  At first glance the menu had little to nothing vegetarian, but the chef accommodated me by preparing angel hair with vegetables.  It was just okay.  However, the rest of my family enjoyed their meals very much.Recommended by a friend as a great new restaurant.  Food and service and ambiance all very good.  Appetizers: Oysters and brie = delicious, and marinated crab claws = also delicious.  Both recommended by our server and would get the again.  Entrees: Two specials we had were grilled pompano and a filet with chanterelle duxelles = both outstanding and the filet was about the best I have ever had for taste.  Other entrees: slow roasted pork shoulder and black drum.  The pork was so tender and flavorsome.  Sides were black eyed peas, hash brown brussel sprouts - which were sliced and sauteed - yum - and cauliflower gratin.  The entire dinner experience would feature in the top ten we have enjoyed over the past two year in New Orleans. One reason for not giving five stars is you cannot swop starch for a veg - all the veg are al a carte.We had seen this small restaurant for years and finally decided to give it a go. This looked to be a white table cloth, special occasion type restaurant. The maitre d' named Richard showed us to our table and professionally swapped our white cloth napkins for black ones,  since my husband and I were both wearing black. (White napkins leave lint on black clothes). This is my initial gauge for any fine dining restaurant.
The restaurant was "civilized" as far as noise level and the server gave us time to enjoy the meal. We didn't feel like they were trying to "turn the table". Our server, Jasmine, was outstanding. She was very knowledgeable on the menu items and expertly determined our tastes to correspond with appropriate menu choices. You could tell she was a foodie and proud of the chef's offerings.
Since we experiment with lots of restaurants in New Orleans, I must comment on the menu and flavors. Too many times we find restaurants throwing together unconventional mixtures to distinguish themselves and they totally fall flat. This restaurant mixed simple ingredients to produce excellent New Orleans/Southern type dishes. Checkout their online menu.
Finally, Annunciation seemed to be a celebration type restaurant. A stretch limo pulled up with women in gowns and men in tuxedos, however we felt perfectly comfortable casually dressed. The prices are steep, but the experience was perfect. I will most definitely go back....ask for Jazmine as a server, and remember this place for visitors who want a good example of our city's culture and cuisine.Last night had reservations for 8 pm. It was not over crowded and was seated right away!!  Took 20-30 min to get water at table and another 15 to get our cocktails!  Ordered appetizer at same time and got it 45 min later. Our waiter was not attentive at all.  Took our order and came back 15 min later to tell us they were out of three of the thugs we ordered!!! Really??  Took 15 min to realize it. Had to order appetizer as meal bc didn't want what was left to order for enter!  Did not like the mussels or the gumbo!!!!  
I eat out often in Nola and this was the absolute worst experience I have ever had!!  Three hours to have dinner is crazy!!!!  Service was terrible and no apologies were offered!!!!!!  Big XXXfor me!!!!!If this review were based on food alone, I would have given it 5 stars. However, the service leaves more stars to be desired. The restaurant was mostly empty, yet it took more than an hour to have our order taken and first course served. In a city where southern service holds pride, this place will leave you wanting more. However, if you want good food and it doesn't matter how long it takes to get it, this is your place. And Yes, contradictory to the last review... If you like 5 star service Annunciation does disappoint.....Food here was divine. Fried oyster appetizer was perfect. The fish dinner was fresh and tasted wonderful. Would definitely recommend. A bit out on its own but in an area could see becoming popular. Atmosphere was elegant. Will return next time when coming back to NOLA. Also, service was really really excellent.We ate here when attending a convention and I would not recommend this place or its food. Very disappointed. 
We arrived at 8 and it took almost 30 minutes to get a menu after being seated. The server was nice, but slow. 
After finally ordering the food took nearly and hour and was brought to the table looking cold and unappealing. While our meal was comped, it should never have been served. 
I'm all, we never received drinks, bread or decent food after having been there for more than 2 hours. 
Avoid.Being a native of the area and current resident of the city, few things are exciting as finding another gem of a restaurant at which to dine.  I could not have been more pleased with my experience at Annunciation from start to finish.
Upon entering appropriately early for our 8:30 reservation, we were greeted by the maitre'd, Richard, who was just as gracious and charming, as he was fashionably presented.  He tended to our every need.  A table was available on time for our reservation, but Richard approached our party of four, and offered the option of waiting for a different table located in a prime area of the dining room. Naturally, we accepted. He and I developed a friendly rapport, and we were all smiles as Richard escorted me to our table on his arm. 
He then directed our attention to our server Kim.  She was warm, engaging, and very clearly educated with the menu items as well as cuisine in general.  Kim inquired as to whether or not we had dined at Annunciation before, and upon our negative response, she took the time to literally describe practically every single menu item, course by course. Might I add the restaurant was at capacity, and having waited tables myself,  I am certain that she was in a position to condense her presentation but in no way did she appear anything but eager to engage us in the menu description.   Myself and another person in our party have extensive experience in the service industry, and we were equally impressed with Kim's delivery of her knowledge and execution of her service.   It was apparent that she was pleased to take care of us and enjoyed the experience as much as we did.  That makes all the difference, in my opinion.
We had the fried oysters with Brie, in addition to the grilled shrimp as our starters.  We had the hangar steak, the Veal Annunciation, and the Drum entrees collectively.  Everyone at the table enjoyed their meals, but the truth of the matter is that the ambiance and service would have compensated for any shortcomings regarding the food, however none come to mind.
Overall it was a wonderful night. Richard was present at our table throughout the meal, and offered his business card should we require his services going forward.  We will definitely be back to this restaurant, and you better believe that Kim will be our server exclusively at Annunciation. 
My only observation which was less than favorable was the bartender's lack of attentiveness (we met our two guests at the bar, and after approximately 5-7 min, was still not offered a drink menu. Once I finally received a menu, he stood in front of me waiting for my order... No thanks friend.)  I also found the cocktail menu to be a bit lacking in imagination.
Despite this, I still offer a 5 star recommendation based on the overall experience. 
** Reservations are a must!This is my last night in New Orleans so I decided to give Annunciation a try.  I was hesitant after reading some of the reviews.  I have to say, I was very impressed by the service and food.  We started with the Turtle Soup amd Onion Soup.  Both great!  The Veal Oscar was amazing so was my son's Sheepshead with crabmeat and fried plantains.  The atmosphere is great.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.This rating is based on comparable high-end restaurants.   Food was 4-star quality, service was 3-star, but it was priced as a 5-star meal. So I'm giving an overall rating of 3-star.  Had a lovely meal and nothing to complain about, but I suspect they will struggle to complete in the high-end restaurant market unless they up their game.  
Ambiance was very nice and classy.  Like the exposed brick walls
Service was good, not great.  We dined on a cold night and we were initially seated at a table right by the front door.  We saw another (better) table in the back and we had to ask to be moved.  
Think maybe we have hit them an off night.....food? Delicious. 
I don't normally review restaurants, but the service faux pas of the service staff was offensively bad. I'm no stranger to bad service (I mean, who is), but this was egregious.Ambiance great. Great food. Would definitely go back. Next time I'll try to go early and sit upstairs in the lounge for drinks before dinner. Lobster mushroom risotto excellent, shrimp and ham soup was phenomenal. Fish special awesome. Would go back for sureThe staff gets a full 5 stars.  The food is 3.5.  Very nice setting.  A creative and attractive menu that the waitress sold exceptionally well.  8 of us were dinning so we had a great sampling that we ll shared.  Appetizers were the best part of the meal.  Of the main courses, the Chicken and Trout were by far the best. They had a special Bison filet that was also wonderful.  Cat fish was of the wild variety and had a strong fish taste.  I just cannot complement the staff enough.  Over the top service by very knowledgeable professionals.I thought it was a cool name for a restaurant until I realized that it was the name of the street it was on.
I came here for a work event. We had the entire upstairs reserved for our group - 27 people in total. Everything was very nice...the food was very nice, the drinks were very nice, the staff was very nice.
I'd come back.
Here are some things that I thought were kind of meh.
1.  Acoustics. You really do have to enunciate your words here. It gets loud.
2.  The artwork on the walls. Mostly just variations of white paint and scratches on various materials. Not interesting at all.
3.  The pattern of exposed drywall / brick on the walls. Also not interesting, just kind of ugly.
4.  Location. We took a shuttle here so I don't know this for sure, but it was a very weird feeling place. Kind of in the middle of nowhere.
Oh yeah, Tim Roth was hanging out at a table outside when we left. That was kind of cool.Had a very nice meal here on Valentine's Day.  The complimentary glass of champagne was a nice surprise, and the service (waiter) was just wonderful.  My husband loved the veal dish that he had but I had a trout dish that was presented in a very bland white gravy- like sauce.  Overall I found the restaurant fare good but in this area where there are so many incredible restaurants I probably wouldn't put it on the top of my list to return to.Normally I don't write reviews, but my horrible experience at this restaurant last night compels me to do so.  The main reason that I am only granting this place a single star is that I can not believe that they feel justified charging such a large amount of money for such poor food and service.  I have to admit that the decor is amazing and they have done a great job renovating it into a beautiful space, but that can not make up for the restaurant's many shortcomings.
Firstly, the service was abominable.  We were promptly seated by a very pleasant maître d', but the service went downhill quickly from there.  The amount of time that passed between placing the order and when the food came was incredibly long, and the dishes did not come out in a timely fashion.  We were a table of 5, and for both the first and second course there was at least a 5 minute period between when the first few plates came out and when the rest of the table received their food.
Moving on to the food, there is nothing positive I can say about it other than it sounded deceptively delicious according to the menu.  Reality was far from expectations, however.  Appetizers such as the fried oysters smothered in brie were mushy and bland, and the turtle soup was essentially a simple tomato broth with a few bits of very dry and chewy bits of meat.
As if the rest of our experience had not been enough, the main course was what entirely confirmed our increasingly negative experience.  I ordered a black drum filet with crab meat and coconut milk over rice that sounded very appetizing, but I was sorely disappointed.  The filet of fish was rather bland, slimy, and lukewarm.  While the portion size of the fish was reasonable, there was almost no crab meat whatsoever.  There was just a small amount sprinkled on top, and then a cold coconut milk sauce was drizzled on top.  The absolute worst part of the meal was the rice, however, and I don't quite understand how a restaurant in New Orleans can mess up rice so badly.  The rice below the fish was cold, wet, without any flavor at all, and completely disgusting.  I ended up pushing all of the rice to one side and simply trying to stomach my slab of lukewarm slimy fish.
None of the other entrees proved to be much better.  While the shrimp etoufee was at least hot when it came out, it came out almost 10 minutes after all of the other dishes.  It too was incredibly bland, and served on top of the same cold and wet disgusting rice.  After such spectacular back to back failures with out first two courses, we did not even bother to give the dessert a try.
Overall, this restaurant was an incredibly slow and painful experience from start to finish, and I certainly never plan on returning.All I can saw is the bartender makes good drinks.  Other than that, the reception was pretentious.  We waited 45mins after our reservation time and finally gave up.
Headed down the road the block and was immediately seated and served....
Beware, out of towers don't mind bucking the trend...Hopping fun spot! We went here right after they opened and I really enjoyed myself! The food was good but not fantastic that night. HOWEVER, my mom has revisited twice and raved about the food those times. I would love to try it again.We started going for the Veal Annunciation and oysters with Brie. Both are back on the menu after an absence and are both fabulous. We will be backGood  Creole/Nola cuisine! A little small but a good experience overall.Wonderful atmosphere. Cauliflower au gratin was amazing. There are definitely better options for this price in New Orleans, but a great option nonetheless.I was told this is the best new restaurant in NOLA. VERY CLOSE! But not quite.
Very happening, lively spot. Definitely make reservations and be prepared to wait. Interior is big and modern. It's certainly more upscale then we originally thought, I was worried we would get turned away since my husband was in shorts. We didnt though (heart you NOLA!). 
The service here is top notch. Our waiter was on point all night, and our drinks were never empty.
The shining star of this meal are the oysters. They are seasoned perfectly and served atop several items on their menu, including garlic pasta (delicious, but way too big of portion and could've used some additional ingredients to kick it up a notch) and atop the filet. 
I wouldn't put Annunciation at the TOP of your list, but I would definitely make sure its on your list. And then be sure to order the fried oysters.Eaten here many times, and it's great. Everything I've had has been fantastic. Fish specials, oysters, sweetbreads, hangar steak, etc. Can't go wrong. Bartenders are always friendly and everyone is helpful. Go.Fantastic food but even better bar tending staff. One particular bartender had visually stunning tattoos on his arms in multiple languages regarding his favorite drinks to make. Very knowledgeable and made a great old fashioned. The 3 course meal is where it is at with the beet salad, seared ahi tuna, and the chocolate walnut cake with ice cream.Good menu selection. Bread was delicious. Boudin balls were good appetizers. Alcohol choices were good. All of our entrees were solid. Service was fine.I've never given a one-star review for a restaurant before - see my other reviews.
Our first bottle of red was brought to the table and placed on the plate of one of our party, where it remained, unopened, for the 20 minutes it took for our waiter to return.
We also ordered a single glass of white, but oddly the waiter brought by the entire bottle to the table ("you'll drink more than one glass, won't you?  I'll chill it for you"). It was a surprise to realize some time later that he had simply left the open bottle on the windowsill.
The sweetbreads were inedible.  Gristle? In sweetbreads?!? Both orders? The single reasonable outcome of the evening was that we were not charged for the sweetbreads. 
Baked oyster appetizer was very good, as was the drum entree and (I am told) and the veal osso bucco.  The drum was lukewarm by the time it arrived at the table, however.
My pork shoulder was also tepid upon arrival, and was impressively salty.  The jalapeno that was supposedly in it could not be tasted.
Service was so painfully slow that my brother felt compelled to say something.  This did, at the end of the day, result in one bottle of wine being comped - but it was the bottle of WHITE wine - the one that we hadn't even ordered (we had just ordered a glass) - and the comp came with the comment "I don't like it when my manager has to apologize for me, but I'd never stand in the way of free wine." The second bottle of red wine that we DID order did not show up for another half hour.
My wife and her mother ordered greens as a side. Her mother's order arrived with her already late main course, but my wife's order didn't arrive at all,  She reminded the waiter about it, but her greens still did not show up until everyone had finished eating. We sent them away, but were still charged for them too (and the waiter pointed out that her mother hadn't finished HER greens, which seemed like a very odd excuse for not having brought my wife's side dish).
We were told by the manager that the reason for the poor service was that one of their staff had abruptly quit working shortly after we were seated. 
At the end of the meal, I thought back to its inauspicious beginning, which I hadn't thought much of at the time, but which rounded out the picture in the end: the waiter took orders for appetizers, entrees and sides from a table for 7 without taking any notes.  I've seen this parlor trick before from folks with impressive memories.  However, after we finished ordering, when the waiter pulled out his pad and said "ok, let's see if I've got this right" he was unable to remember a single one of our orders correctly.   
I should note that this was a dinner in honor of my mother's parents' 47th wedding anniversary. My brother-in-law made note of this to the manager, but this fact was not acknowledged at all. (Contrast this with the extremely nice gestures that we have experienced at places like GW Fins, Vincent's, Commanders and Brigtsens on the occasion of other anniversary dinners).
Having never written this unpleasant of a review of a restaurant before, this is a bit of an odd experience for me.  BUT: dining out should be an extremely pleasant experience.  Dropping $400 for a dinner for 7 is not something that is done simply because the food is unusually good (which, in this case, it wasn't), but because the overall experience, including the service, makes it especially more valuable than the actual cost of the ingredients.  In this case, the food itself merited somewhere in he neighborhood of 3 stars, even when taking the inedible sweetbreads into account.
The service, however, was SO shockingly bad, and so impressively slow and sloppy and downright unpleasant, that I'd give it zero stars if I were permitted to do so.  I have NEVER before slanged the staff at any restaurant that I have reviewed, so this is also a first for me.
A final side note: women, if you like sharing restrooms with men, this is the place for you.  None of the women in our party found this preferable.
I've reviewed a couple of places where I wouldn't recommend my friends make reservations.  This, however, is the first place I've reviewed where I would actually attempt to dissuade any friends from attending.It helps when a place stays open longer and can work out their kinks.  Decided to return after neighbor went and convinced me that he and his wife had a great meal at Annuncation.  This time light years better than my last.  The restaurant was not very busy, so we chose to eat at the bar.  Very nice and friendly bartender who made excellent drinks.  We ordered the dinner special and the veal with cornbread and crawfish.  Both were very good.  Told the manager that our last experience was not very good and he went out of his way to thank us for returning and wanted to make sure that we had an enjoyable night..  We did.  
I will put this on my list of regular restaurants if they can maintain this level of food and service.Great atmosphere and the food here is amazing. Went here for a large family post wedding brunch. We had a big group and the waiters handled it well. Food was excellent. I had the bacon and the chicken and waffles. Omg, soooo good. Very impressed.Customer service is not lost in this place. I had reservations at a "hot" restaurant up the street and arrived 15 minutes before the restaurant was opened  hoping to get out of the New Orleans heat and have a drink at the bar. Unfortunately, I was turned away and told that I had to wait until they opened. All hope was not lost because I found this gem of a restaurant. I didn't eat here but the cocktail and Wine was just what I needed. The best part is that this restaurant had also not technically opened but they welcomed us in and insisted that we have a drink and look at a menu, all with a smile. I should have stayed at annunciation just for the friendly staff and welcoming atmosphere. But I'm happy to spend my money here and give them a great review for making me feel welcome and making some great cocktails. Customer service is so important and it is a priority in a great place like thisWriting this review may be a waste of my time, as I cannot envision this place surviving with so many other fantastic restaurants with fantastic staff around. However, here is a warning if you are considering dining here. 
  I was happy to wait at the beautiful bar when i was told my reservation was not on the books, as i don't mind mingling with my group and a cocktail prior to dinner. About 90 minutes later (and one drink, the service was slow), we were seated, understandable as we needed a table of 5. I must say, upon arrival, the attitude of the host was as if we were a huge inconvenience, which I didn't take on at the time.  I brushed it off as he was just being dramatic.
   The first course, a crab salad (which is highly recommended) smelled spoiled and had clearly been sitting for a while, the greens were dark and slimy. It was quite unappetizing. The first person to receive it sent it back immediately and we cancelled the other orders that had not made it to the table. The food was served very randomly, very unorganized. The other food was mediocre, no dish stood out and no one seemed excited about their meal.  Price and quality do not match up. 
  The other problem I have with this establishment is their management, or lack there of. Over a time period of 10 minutes, we were presented with 3 different checks, each getting higher!  The server seemed embarrassed.  I do not ever mind paying my fair share, but I find it extremely insulting to continue to present check after check.  My eyes widened, as this is the most unprofessional act I have ever experienced at a 'nice' restaurant.  The combination of events amounted to a very disappointing experience. Upon confronting the management, there was no remorse or willingness to make us feel more comfortable with our experience. 
  In hindsight, I wish I would have paid more attention to my feelings upon arrival and suggested we go somewhere else. There are too many great restaurants around for anyone to settle for a bad experience.Lee Y. 
Just to leave more details 
We went as a group of around 10 friends, we only get together once in awhile. That is why it was still a great experience. 
I had the Mahi. It was very bland and over cooked. After food was delivered nobody came to check on us till after everyone else had already eaten. I brought it up to the waiter and he didn't seem to care that I had only taken two bites. Another person in the party told one of my friends that they had the swordfish but only had a few left. She said I want it. He confirmed she would get a piece. When food was delivered they gave her the Mahi, not mentioning that they didn't have anymore swordfish. So she wouldn't eat Mahi either. Many of the party said the food was ok but, we all agreed it would not be a place we would return. 
So not really mean spirited just a bad experience, that if the staff was attentive could have resolved easily.In town for a trade show. Had Drumfish. Excellent. Two shrimp included. Started with fried oysters with Brie. Yummy!!!! Allen very attentive & added to out wonderful experience.We had an excellent dinner at Annunciation...may be our new Nola fav! Our waiter, Decklyn, was terrific. The fried oysters appetizer was good and the green salad was amazing! My wife had the drum fish special and I had the shrimp etoufee...both fantastic. Great experience!In most any other city I'd give Annunciation 5 stars.  It was solid and tasty upscale dining.  In New Orleans with its wealth of great dining, Annunciation was very good but nothing spectacular.  I'd definitely go back.  The ambiance and service were excellent.  The quality of the food was great too.  There just lacked something that made it seem special to me.  I think if less expensive but this quality or some dish that I had not had at other upscale places were on the menu, I'd give it 5.  I'd definitely go back unless I wanted to try another New Orleans place.slow and inattentive waitstaff.  pretty restaurant. had to pay for valet which is strange for upscale restaurant.Fun, lively spot. Great meals for 9 of 10 people in our group. The veal annunciation (recommended by our waiter) was just okay...it needed more flavor.We just returned from our first visit to Annunciation.  Overall experience was excellent.  Food excellent. Service excellent. Atmosphere very good. 
We had four in our party ... my two teenage daughters - one a bit of a foodie the other not  -plus my wife and I ... and we went early .. 6 PM this evening.  The restaurant was almost empty when we arrived but almost completely full by 7:30.  The service was excellent and I didn't notice a drop off as the tables filled in... Phillip was a capable, efficient and helpful server and was well assisted. 
All of the entrees and appetizers were well prepared and arrived at the table in a timely manner and at proper temperatures.   Shrimp Poeyfarre and Oysters w/Brie were both enjoyed.. the Oysters rich and savory of the brie and sauce were mild but flavorful and the Shrimp sweet and spicy and well complemented by the small sample of the cabbage appetizer - which was also excellent on its own.
The seafood risotto  and yam casserole side was excellent as judged by all four of us.  All three who sampled the Trout special, Veal Marsala entrees and shrimp remoulade app and yam casserole, pickled cabbage and creamed spinach sides thought they were excellent. The bok choy side was good although the crab salad was just OK.
The deserts -butterscotch budino pudding and peach bread pudding -were both amazing.
Yes it is expensive but not exorbitant.  We plan on going again.The food was good. The service was atrocious. It took forever for them to take our order. They insisted it wouldn't be an issue to split the check so we decided to do so. They suggested to add shrimp to our dishes so we did- with no inkling that it would cost an extra $10. We ate our food, which was delicious. It took a good 25ish minutes to get our checks once we asked (we were one of two tables in the restaurant at that time), and they were wrong. It took another 15 to get them fixed. 2 hours 30 minutes later we were on our way out the door.
I would have asked for my 20% automatic gratuity to be reduced if it didn't mean I'd have to spend an extra 45 minutes in this place.My experience was not what I was expecting at all.  I think this particular Saturday night they were understaffed.  My husband and I walked in and no host at front.  We waited about 3 minutes before someone attended to us.  After we were seated, took 2 minutes to see a server with menus and after we ordered our food it took an hour to receive meal.  Did I mention we had reservations and there were only 6 tables with customers when we arrived.  The food is okay.  I was very disappointed after others raved about this place.  For us, never again!!Annunciation is like a toxic boyfriend who treats you so badly that you leave him. Then he comes around all nice-like convincing you he has changed. And you go back and wham!  Same old shit. I have had a great dinner there only to return with friends to have a horrible experience. After waiting over an hour for our reserved table we find they are seating groups with the same number of guests but with later reservation times. When asked, the Maitred' informed us they had earlier reservations. Not true as we asked the folks. Then a year later went back and had a great time. Then just last week took out of town guests there. The service was so amateurish it was almost laughable. The men got their starters but we gals were waiting... and waiting. Wait staff nowhere around. Then out come the entrees and we hadn't gotten out starters yet!  We told them please do not rewarm those entrees for later. We want fresh entrees after we get our first course. Of course, they said. Well the fish was like rubber. Then they couldn't even get coffee and dessert right. Enough!  This breakup is permanent.Travel to New Orleans every month.  Eaten at lots of great places. A local foodie friend recommended Annunciation.  It was fabulous. The white drum was perfect. Also had hash brown Brussel sprouts.  Incredible food And service. One of my new top 5 restaurants.Had a party of twelve 4/7/18 @ 8 pm the service was excellent and well thought out the food was delicious and tasty I had the opportunity to sample multiple entree and none disappointed people were friendly and staff were well trained definitely recommend this restaurant the food is generous for a higher end dining experience and establishment! ThanksReally disappointing.
Service was fine but everything after that was a mess. So many better option around here there is zero reason to go to Annunciation.We had a very nice meal at this fairly new spinoff (as I understand it) of Clancy's in the Warehouse district.  The renovation is very nice, especially considering how quickly they got it done.  A nice long stone bar, glass enclosed wine cabinets and nice dark lighting.  It was all quite comfortable.
The food was very good.  No complaints all the way around, and everything was brought out accurately and timely (even a little quickly I would say).  I had the sweetbreads and seafood risotto - both very good.  The sundried tomatoes added a strange texture to the sweetbreads dish, and the sweetbreads were quite chopped - to the point where they didn't really stand out.  Still good, though.  The seafood risotto (crab, shrimp, lobster) was about what you would expect (see below), but I like risotto.
A few oddities about the service though (as may be expected in a newer restaurant).   The server didn't seem to be too familiar with the menu.  He described the sweetbreads as breaded a bit and fried (like Clancy's does it), though they were clearly sauteed without breading.  When we asked about the wines by the glass he said he wasn't allowed to try them because he worked there.  What restaurant doesn't let their servers taste the wines they are selling?  Another oddity is the risotto came out with no garnish whatsoever.  Just rice on a plate.  It didn't really detract from the flavor, but it was odd to see no other colors on the plate.  I think our whole meal may have slipped right by the expediting station.
Overall very good.  Service was generally well paced, and the food was good.  I would return.We had a great waiter who was warm and diligent, but the overall service was a mess with forgotten items, luke warm entrees and coffee and long delays. 
The food was mixed. A couple of decent items, but fish was overcooked and veal dish was under seasoned.
The evening felt like a comedy of errors. 
A great idea with an interesting menu, but poorly executed.From the heartfelt welcome of the maitre d, to the professional service from an attentive but not invasive waiter to the oyster/brie....everything was 5 starts.....over cooked fish was the only drawback. I'd go back againI hate imitators. Living in the neighborhood i remember what this restaurant used to be before the Annunciation renovation: mediocre cafeteria style diner. I suspect that the renovation was spurned on by the same owners who demanded a better presentation of food from the same chef. (if not, then that's what it looks like)
The food tastes alright, but no effort put in whatsoever. Ingredients are still sub-par, presentation lacks any invitation, hell even the table decoration still has cheesy diner-style salt/pepper shakers. 
2 stars for trying, minus 3 for commitment.We are from out of town and came here on the suggestion of our hotel.  It was absolutely the best meal ever. I had the pan roastrd chicken which was perfection. My husband had the pork shoulder and it was so  good he says that he is ruined from all other pork.  This place is a must.
The staff was also extremely attentive and friendly. They made us feel very welcome.This place is absolutely delicious. We were vacationing in New Orleans and chose this restaurant randomly. As it turns out, we hit the jackpot! Excellent food excellent service. The owner is absolutely charming! We will definitely come back to Annunciation at our next New Orleans visit.Why would you give this place any thing less than 5 stars the food is perfect I had a fillet medium rare and my friend had catfish as an appetizer we had crab bisque the ambiance was perfect I love New OrleansDined here twice while visiting NOLA for work. The food is ahhh-may-zing!!! and is farm to table concept so the ingredients are really fresh. Try their  one of a kind cocktails too if that's your thing. 
This place is intimate (like really tiny! haha) so make sure to have a reservation.Jerks.
Arrived at 9:10 for a 9:15 reservation.  At 10 PM we still weren't seated so walked out.  Great meal at Sac-a-Lait right around the corner.  Our waitress took great care of us there.
Jerks.What a strange experience. While the service was prompt, somehow, after our waiter smashed a full martini glass on our table while clearing up plates, we ended up eating off a wet table with broken glass. At least the food was good and the deserts were great. In New Orleans you can, and should, do better for the money.Well let's see before I went to Annunciation I was really excited.. I saw on their facebook page, Description  Fine Dining without feeling fussy...
Reservations recommended to avoid disappointment, especially on Friday and Saturday evenings.
Had two friends in town, one all the way from Italy so we wanted to have a good dinner, the four of us had a 9 pm reservation which is not to bad.  We arrived a few minutes early and they had us seated by 9:45 pm.
I did not remember all of the menu but I know we started with the Veal Sweetbreads with Gnocchi, Pancetta and Mushrooms, the fried oysters topped with brie and the crab claws, which were all nice.. but nothing amazing.
Then the turn downward started, the four of us wanted to try alot of things on the menu because we have heard alot of good things about Steven Manning and since he came from Clancy's we just expected it to be good.
We told the waiter that we wanted to try a few different things and to bring them in stages so we could all sample them and we ordered the, (2 ) Fried Soft Shell Crab with Crabmeat Meuniere Sauce. Crabmeat, Lobster and Shrimp Risotto
Angel Hair Pasta with fried oysters, Sauteed Black Drum with Crabmeat, Coconut Milk and Jasmine Rice, Veal Oscar, Veal Annunciation and the Slow roasted Pork Shoulder with Sweet Onion Relish. We had one more but I cannot remember what it was.
We told him we wanted to start with a nice white wine for the first dishes they would send out and it came out quickly and was nice.
A few minutes later he came out and told us they were out of soft shell crabs : (  so we just added another dish.
Five minutes later all 8 entrees came out at the SAME time.. they were nice to give us each a 6 inch plate so we could smash all the items together like at a buffet. 
The risotto was hard, a few of the dishes were cold and some just did not have much flavor, or it could have just blended into all the other dishes that were crammed onto my plate.
And of course only had that one bottle of wine, not the 3 that we were hoping to have over a nice 2 hour dinner.
I have to admit that the Maitre d and the GM were both great about the situation and I would have to guess that the waiter just was overwhelmed with the order.
So... maybe it might we worth another chance in the future... not sure : (Our visit here tonight was disappointing in just about every way. We went a year and a half ago and this place has clearly gone downhill.
Worst was the food. Started w boring loaves of what seemed like boring French Bread and butter. Our starters sucked---I've had better green papaya salads at cheap Thai restaurants and it made no sense for it to be on the menu of a fancy NoLa restaurant. Oysters were overseasoned and greasy. Only decent dish was the cauliflower soup. The turtle soup tasted like chilli from Trader Joe's. Main course was even worse. The lobster risotto was very overseasoned and tasted like something from a ready to make packet. Meat dishes were served long after leaving the kitchen and the fish of the day was fried so hard it probably defied basic laws of cooking.
The service was well intentioned but slow and frequently dropped the ball.  We waited too long for food and drinks. 
Decor on the second floor was boring and uninspired.
This was our group's most disappointing meal in New Orleans.Me and my fiancée had an amazing time at Annunciation.  We didn't have reservations so we sat at the bar and ordered a few drinks and two appetizers.  The food (fried oysters and veal sweetbreads) was amazing and arrived promptly.  A.J. (the bartender) was very polite, friendly, and knew how to make a great cocktail.  Overall one of the most pleasurable experiences we had while in NOLA. Thank you very much, we will be coming back!Fresh, tasty, and unique small plate choices.  Quieter, more intimate atmosphere than most Warehouse District restaurants.  Attentive and helpful service staff.  Convenient to Convention Center.  Overall good choice for
a date night of good food and a place to enjoy each others company.  Pleasant surprise as we walked by and walked in.What a wonderful treat to the end of a weeklong conference. This restaurant was one that everyone said all the "locals" loved to go to for authentic Creole food. 
I started with the Pimms Annunciation cocktail which was delish: lemon and ginger nuances. Hot bread was served to us immediately and both the host and our waiter were very friendly. I ordered the roasted pork shoulder served with the creamiest grits. It had the texture of mashed potatoes. My friends started their meals off with a salad that was plentiful. One ordered the lobster and shrimp risotto, the other ordered the lentil soup. The side order of fried eggplant was shared by the three of us, because all of the portion sizes were very generous. There was only room for the chocolate pot de crime for dessert, although there were other selections that had caught our eye, based on the suggestions of our charming waiter. On our next trip, we will definitely stop here again.
It was a lovely atmosphere and we could have a normal conversation without the usual loud din in many of the other restaurants we visited during our stay in this lovely city on the Gulf coast. I'm not sure if our dished were Creole, but they were wonderful, and we had a great dining experience. Five stars... And we'll-deserved.
If you try to use their online booking feature, it's not always accurate. It had indicated they didn't have a table for the time we had selected, but a telephone call proved otherwise.My wife and I stopped in on a Friday evening without a reservation.  Even though they were busy, they didn't hesitate to find us a table.
The food was really terrific and the place is beautiful.  Great staff, very friendly and lively.
Highly recommend !!My parents and I went to Annunciation last night, and all and all I would say it was a very good experience.  Neither mind-blowing, nor awful.  Just very good.  I throw in the 'very' for our waiter's professional and gracious service.  
Positives were:  
--a fun welcome by a very dapperly-dressed maitre d'.  He let us choose our own table in a near-full dining room and I thought that was really great. He was also very present during the meal.
--gorgeous jumbo-lump blanketed in basil green goddess dressing, truly delicious
--my drum, in a coconut curry sauce that had delicous depth and super good rice alongside (I really wanted MORE than i was given)
--reaaally tender and perfectly cooked hangar steak with golden cubes of crispy hash potatoes on red wine bordelaise
--our server, who handled the complaints we had very gracefully.
Some of the less than desirable experiences came from issues arising, I believe, from lack of FOH training, and some carelessness and sloppy work in the kitchen:  
the chopped vegetable salad was unimaginative, the romaine was cut in such a way that eating it was messy and awkward, the ricotta salata may as well haven't been there for all the flavor it added, and there was an overabundance of red bell pepper.*
--the runners were obviously a bit ill-trained.  They did not know position numbers, and the plates were dropped with no finesse whatsoever i.e. collision with dishes already on table and a swift departure thereafter.
--my mother's pork shoulder was very dry and not very well seasoned.  She had an enormous mound of rice and black eyed peas on the plate that were also extremely bland.  She sent the plate back and got the hangar steak
--once everyone was finished eating, we sat in front of dirty plates for a LONG time**.  The maitre d' made another appearance, inquiring as to whether we were finished, but then said, "I'll go get your server for you."  I guess he didn't want to get his suit dirty.
--The sweetbreads were not crispy and the gnocchi they were with were very similar in texture.  Namely, mushy.
---the budino, which is one of my most faaavorite things in New Orleans, was really grainy. The lack of that lush, silken texture ruined the experience of it, and I had ordered it just because I wanted to leave on a good note!
So that is that.  It was a grab bag of experiences that made for an alright time.  Other things I'd like to comment on aside from the above are there is a lot of crab meat on this menu and crabmeat is good.  He uses the best.  There's no mistake.  The man is a master of sauces and dressings.  Aside from the salad above, all were soooo very good.  This place is a good thing getting going.  Neither wine nor cocktail was part of this experience, so I cannot comment on the offerings.  
*this may be biased, but I'll continue to mention it in my reviews.  I am not a big fan of this particular vegetable, and I find it to be overpowering in any amount in a dish.  Manning uses it a lot.  Just like he did at Clancy's.  Which has always been my one complaint about Clancy's, e.g. its presence in their marinated crab claws, a number of salads I've had there, and almost all my fish garnishes.  Again, that is biased.
**Again, possibly biased because I am a server, but this is a MAJOR pet peeve of mine.  I detest it.I was in NOLA on business for a couple of months and I am really sad I did not find this place sooner.  The food was amazing !  But what really made this place stand out was how great the staff was from top to bottom.  From the moment you walk through the door, they go above and beyond to make you happy.  
Go there. Have a meal. You won't regret it !Poor quality to price ratio and uncaring attitude.  There are pluses, good and well priced wine list and a nice atmosphere.  The menu reads better than the food tastes.  I asks for the sweetbread appetizer to be very crispy, based on another yelp review.  I was served small pieces, tasting like McNuggets, drowned in a sauce.  My  roasted pork shoulder was undercooked and tough.  Our biggest complaint was the chefs' refusal to make any changes to the starches paired with our main courses.  My wife was told that he would not sub for the potato hash, so she had a salad for a main course.  My grits were untouched.  We will spend our money at Clancy's.Absolutely delicious!  Outstanding service and Chef Jacob Cureton is great.   My wife had the steak and I had the drum.   Both cooked to perfection!   For apps we had the Caesar salad and oysters with spinach and Brie cheese.From the chanterelle amuse to the asparagus soup, arugula salad, the start was phenomenal.  The entrees arrived and they were superb.  Each of us ordered something different so we could taste.  The founder was perfectly prepared and presented with crab and shrimp -- yum.  The soft shell crab was perfect.  The veal oscar was incredible. And I would be amiss if I didn't mention the pot au creme -- excellent smooth & rich.  I cannot wait to return!!!Well, I really looked forward to returning to Annunciation till our experience tonight.   A friend was treating to celebrating a birthday.   The Ossa was so fatty that we piled up a plate and sent the fat back.  I tried to eat the meat but couldn't because it was tough and dry.   Asked friends to try and they agreed so we sent that back.  After seeing a pile of lard the size of an artichoke and trying to eat rough meat you sort of loose your appetite :-(.  We were asked about a replacement but declined.  They charged us for the meals but did  some a desert for us to share!   Talked about the whole thing after receiving the bill to learn they knew the meal was disgusting but did not compensate  the meal because I said not to replace it.  If you don't like it send back and strongly demand you not be charged.  They were paid and tipped on the whole bill but only because we were celebrating.  I can not suggest this location to anyone till I learn it is under new management.This is a fantastic dinner spot! Our group all experienced terrific cuisine with excellent service and just enough Cajun influence. Definitely order the budino - all other desserts pale in comparison to this marvelous creation.Oh, hell yes.  Richard?  Charming.... replete with bow tie.  Intimate bar?  Yes.  Simple yet elegant decor (did y'all take a page from Gautreau's?).  This place works, on so many different levels.  Great drinks.  Great wine list.  Reasonable prices.  Delicious food.  Friendly service.  Listen, it takes a lot - service, style, food, location - to make it in NoLa.  Annunciation has all that.  Can I get an Amen?Overall was enjoyable,but this had nothing to do with the restaurant . The food and service was terrible. But the atmosphere was great, too many great places in Nola. Don't go here.We had a wonderful experience after this restaurant which was recommended by local friends.  The evening was very special because of our server, Alicia.  She is New Orleans born and raised and really seemed to enjoy what she did.  She really has a great understanding of drink and food.  Ask for her.  We started with specialty drinks which were excellent.  We had fantastic appetizers and main courses.  The chef was formerly at Clancy's, another wonderful restaurant in Uptown.  Really nice restaurant in the Warehouse District, close to downtown, the convention center, and the French Quarter.  You won't be disappointed!Last night's culinary adventure found us at Annunciation. I have been wanting to dine here for a few years now. We just had to find a reason. So, last night I booked us a reservation and off we went. Upon arrival, we were quickly seated by the warm and friendly staff and handed a wonderfully creative drink menu. I was amazed by the different creations of cocktail wizardry. But tonight, we were here for the food. Although I may return one day to just visit the bar and sample some of these crafty concoctions. The dining room was comfortable and clean. The wait staff informed and professional. The menu was not cluttered but provided a diverse selection that could please any pallet. I felt it displayed the diversity of Chef Jacob Cureton's experience. I could tell right away that this was going to be pitched right to my sweet spot. 
My eyes immediately focused on the Chicken Andouille Gumbo, and the Shrimp Etouffée. These are two staples every Cajun American was raised on and loves. This is what my Grandmother cooked. This is what is in my freezer that I pull out when company comes over. So, I immediately felt right at home. But we decide on the Fried Oysters on Spinach topped with Brie. My date, a Shrimp Remoulade Salad to start. The Sesame Crusted Yellowfin Tuna, and my date ordered The Seared New York Strip for our main courses.
The appetizers arrived with in a reasonable length of time.  A reasonable length being just enough time to have and finish an enjoyable conversation. If you're in a hurry. I recommend telling your wait staff up front or choose somewhere that has fast food. This is dining. It's to be enjoyed. It's the experience. So on to the food. The Oysters put me off for a second, "What? Only four of them?" But they were delicately fried. Very delicious.  The flavors of the brie and spinach complemented well. But something in my mind kept telling me it needs some smokiness. Maybe some bacon? But to each his own. I can find something wrong with anything if I wanted to. So, I'm in no way complaining. It was very good. But maybe 6 oysters and throw a piece of bacon under the oyster. Just thinking out loud. The Shrimp Remoulade Salad was fresh and tasty. The well sized and placed shrimp with just the perfect amount of Remoulade to compliment. No room for improvement there.
The main course, "Smack! It's a homerun!" I don't know how else to describe it. Perfectly cooked very fresh tuna, beautifully presented, a delicious melt of flavors. My dates steak was exactly what she wanted, cooked to perfection. The Creole Fried Rice served under my Tuna was interesting. It was almost like a meatless Jambalaya. Except the meat was not missing. It was the Tuna on top. While I was raving over the Steel Sauce and Sweet Potato Hot Sauce. My date was raving about her brown butter hollandaise. All well prepared and thought out to complement each dish. 
The deserts sounded delicious. But we opted out since I had a chocolate cake I baked waiting at home. I highly recommend Annunciation. It was a pleasure dining there and we will come again. Yum!Had reservations, and they were pretty slow at getting us a table - but that let us go upstairs and check out the live band and the AWESOME bar up there. It seemed so intimate and upscale, I loved it! The drinks were all really swanky and tasty (and mostly around $10). The food was nothing extreme, but I did enjoy my meal - I got the pecan-crusted flounder with brussels sprouts on the side... really good. Even the salad was great. I would have wished for faster service and a faster seating time, but I really liked the food and the ambiance, so I will come here again!I did not expect this. Friends made a reservation and when I arrived they were not yet there. I was brought to the table upstairs and things were very quiet. The building itself is well situated and presents well. It's a converted warehouse clearly and it kind of stands alone between the World War II museum and the convention center.
Everyone arrived and we ordered drinks and then received our menus. The service was good and attentive and the drinks were good. It's interesting that the cocktails were priced to be less than The whiskeys. But we all had a good time.
We ordered our food and continued visiting. When the food came out the portions were large and generous. I ordered the trout Marguery and I have to say it was fantastic. It was a wonderful piece of fish seasoned perfectly with the delicious sauce and a beautiful side of broccoli. Everyone's dishes were impressive. The prices were dinner prices, but you get what you pay for.
By the time we left the place was packed. Make reservations and if you need a place close enough to the museum or the convention center, I would recommend. It's likely are not going to have the crazy crowds at Cochon And the food is great.Great dinner here. The only downside is that since we arrived early we decided to have a cocktail at the bar. We sat there for 5 minutes before being greeted. Not the friendliest bartender, but eventually we got our drinks and they were outstanding. Our waitress was great!  Enthusiastic and informative. The dinner was absolutely delicious. We just can't figure out why the place wasn't more crowded!Delicious! Service may be a little lacking (appetizer dishes weren't removed before entree arrived) but I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Drum was delicious. Valet is a little pricey at $10 but overall really really good.Disappointing overall.  We had a reservation but still had to wait 20 min for a table, although the hostess was kind.  Our server was personable, but he couldn't save the food.  The scallop and foie appetizer was very good and a side of cauliflower au gratin was as well, but the hanger steak was unforgivable.  Not seasoned at all - it was incredibly bland.  They were also out of several menu items despite an early dinner reservation.  Given that its Nola, there are many other places that are much better for the prices they charge.I love this place! The crab claws are amazing and refreshing! Wait staff are so friendly and sweet! Decor is chic and romantic! I have the grilled drum with coconut sauce and it's excellent! We were a party of 5 and everyone loved what they ordered! Thumbs up!!Incredible food from start to finish.  Would highly recommend.  Started at 8 and was finished at 9:45.  If you get a chance taste this food go with the Osso Bucco as it fell off the bone.  Wine selection is limited at times but the selection is great if available.The food was great, loved the service. I'm giving them 1 star because of how they handled an issue... My husband and I were going to go to their mystery night however, an emergency came up 3 days prior and we had to go out of town. We let them know and they said that they would take care of it. THEY DIDN'T! We still got charged and they kept telling us that someone will get back to us when they are able. This went on for over 2 months and we NEVER got our money back so we had to dispute the charge. They didn't take care of their customers. Unfortunate!The service, food, and drinks all deserve 5 stars! Living a block away from the restaurant and getting to know the manger and staff has been wonderful. They are always so friendly and the food is always fabulous! They have a wonderful wine selection and the steak is delicious!Beautiful restaurant, wonderful service but my soft shell crab was cold, and I mean cold. Crab meat salad on the side tasted like store bought potato salad. Plating was laughable, really bad, just plopped on the plate.  Had I not been with a large party I would have sent it back.  Dessert was amazing though, Lemon ice box pie, coconut cream pie were quite good. Food 1/2 a star, decor 4 stars, service 5 stars.Wonderful evening dinner on a Saturday.  Wait staff was very attentive, knowledgeable and had mastery of the restaurant offerings.  Bar options and service was beyond competent.  Wait staff (we had Sergio) was awesome.  Had the chicken - very well cooked and the hash and sauce was heavenly!!  Shared bread pudding - a must have!!This somewhat new spot is nestled right in the heart of the New Orleans warehouse district which makes it a great spot to eat after cruising art galleries on Julia Street.  This area also has a number of new great bars and dining spots making it a very desirable area of the city to dine in. The owner chef left one of the best spots in New Orleans to open this place and the food is solid in a nice dining room.What a lovely surprise!  A hidden gem!  New York-meets-New Orleans atmosphere, and food was DIVINE!  Handcrafted cocktails were excellent.  Our server and maitre d' made us feel like rock stars.  The meal was timed impeccably.... We enjoyed a gracious two-hour visit with our friends and were sad that we didn't have room for dessert.  We will be back soon!We wanted to like Annunciation.  My buddy is kind of a fan.  I did not share the sentiment. 
The place is pretty nice.  Decent bar and a few seats upfront to hang out while you wait.  No problems with the ambiance.  Our service was poor but not from a rude perspective.  Everyone was nice.  It was on the execution end.  We ordered apps, soups, a salad and entrees.  Two of the three soups came out first.  I asked if we were getting our apps, which prompted a check in with our waiter who confirmed our app orders.  So then, they brought out all the apps and the 1 missing soup.  I ordered a Caesar which I asked by served with the soups.  Instead, it was served with my entree. In the end, everything we ordered was delivered, but it was out of order...amateur.  Final straw was having to flag down the water guy.  We were constantly running low on drinks....double amateur.  
What about the food.  In short, it was ok.  Ok might be a hair generous.  The only thing I remember liking was the Chicken Bonne Femme.  It had a crispy skin and moist meat.  The dish lacked seasoning for me.  I prefer my poultry slightly more savory.  
We were having a great time because of good company, so we got desserts.  Everything came out cold or room temp including the bread pudding.  I rarely regret sweets, but these dishes made had me wishing we had switched venues for dessert.  
In short, not worth a 2nd look.Service is exceptional here. I absolutely loved the staff and the band that was playing. 
Food was delicious. Most amazing remoulade salad. Portions are small. Order up if you're hungry.No stars for this restaurant. 
Made a reservation thru Open Table. Unfortunately 7 of 9 in our party had a delayed flight. Called several hours before to cancel reservation & since there are 9000 people in town at my convention and they had no open reservations until 9 o'clock tonight I figured they would be able to fill the spots...was told they would charge my credit card $20/person or $180 if we canceled even if they filled our spot? Such a poor business practice and very dishonest. Even if the food is great I couldn't go somewhere where there's poor customer service & integrity in business practices 
So I guess I am going as a party of 2 to get one appetizer but at least we won't have canceled???We went here as another work function with 20+ people. The restaurant was able to accommodate all of us efficiently and actually pretty quick.  The set up is cool, it's small and cozy almost.  The maître d' greeted us at the door and carried on a pretty long conversation at the table,he was great.  The food was really good, as well.  I'd return next time I'm in the city.Food was good, the service utterly incompetent. Long wait to get menus (despite place not being crowded at all). Party of five: first entrees came out as a pair, a five minute wait for the next two, then a TWENTY minute wait for the last one. In the interim annoying apologies, ridiculous excuses, chipper visits from various staff members, but no effort to get the unserved person some other food while waiting. All in all: worst restaurant experience for this veteran traveler over a long life of eating out.Was there for dinner last night after eating there a bout a year ago.   They say upstairs which is plain and not as nice as sitting downstairs.   We ordered the fries oyster appetizer which we had been looking forward to since we they had been amazing last time    However, when they came out they were not very hot, here was too much cheese on them and there was no spinach under two of them.   Was going to order the drum but changed my mind and ordered the shoulder.  It was not particularly hot either, was doused in gravy and of average taste.    Will go back again as I believe in giving every place a pass on a bad night, but my antenna is up.Had a great experience when we went here two years ago.  This time - notsomuch.  
In a city where the food is amazing and new restaurants are popping up all the time, the food here was decidedly below average.  What happened?   We were a large party and tried most of the menu, so it wasn't just bad luck....
The serving staff were all pleasant and did a perfectly fine job.  
Won't be coming back again for round three.Annunciation never disappoints! This is my fourth trip here, and the third time since Executive Chef Jacob Cureton took the reigns! The menu is outstanding!
We started with their cocktail menu - three of us having, "Death From A Buzz," and another having a drink that tastes sort of like a whiskey sour, garnished with a Luxardo cherry. All incredibly tasty!
Our appetizers consisted of boudin stuffed oysters with hollandaise, fried oysters over sauteed spinach, topped with brie, crab cakes, and shrimp remoulade with deviled egg. The oysters were cooked to perfection and the crab cakes? Nice, sweet, and full of crab meat! I think maybe there was julienned jicama on top as there was a slight crunch. We moaned through every single one!
For dinner, I had the sauteed drum served over braised kale and diced sweet potatoes, over what seemed to be a slight creole mustard buerre blanc. All the flavors danced together harmoniously, creating an incredibly delicate and lovely dish!
Two of the gals ordered the braised pork shank over manchego grits. Oh my word! It was hearty and tasted just right! And another ordered their dark roux based shrimp etouffee. Having this made with a roux rather than tomato based, was perfect as she is allergic to tomatoes. It was rich, thick, smokey, and the shrimp were beautiful and cooked absolutely perfectly so that you experience that nice pop when you bite into them!
Nice strong coffee to end the meal, as well as a cornbread cake for two and their ever amazing Dreamsicle pudding. 
Ambiance is minimalist, all stark white walls with the occassional exposed brick, and some restored wood accents, which bring warmth and create a more inviting space. It would be an awesome place for a romantic date as well. Highly recommeded!Recommend by our hotel concierges, this restaurant turned out to be the best meal I had in NOLA. The service was amazing, food spectacular, cocktails fabulous and the ambience was perfefection.  We started with cocktails at the bar, I highly recommend the Lemon Champagne Cocktail, moved on to an assortment of delicious appetizers, my favorites was the fried eggplant and the oysters beneville, all our meals were on point, my Drum was cooked to perfection with a delightful sauce. This is a must visit if you are a foodie and want to enjoy an elegant meal and be away from the traditional craziness of the downtown area.Wow. Fantastic. Any of our concerns about slow service were put to bed immediately. Seated right away, drinks came shortly thereafter. All the dishes were amazing and came out promptly. Our server was top shelf to say the least. Don't miss the oyster apps or the piping hot fresh bread. Cauliflower au gratin and the hash browned Brussel sprouts were also spot on. My entree was the roasted pork. When I first tasted it, all I could do was smile. The head chef came out to check on our meals witch was a nice gesture. He's a kind and humble young man who was pleased we were enjoying it so much. Scallop dish was also very god. Don't miss the desserts either! No complaints whatsoever!Great service last night for a large group team dinner. Seafood was very fresh, chicken dish was amazing, and the desserts were all amazing. We will definitely be backWe were here for the weekend and read good things about Annunciation. We were not disappointed. We sat at the bar as our table wasn't quite ready. The bartender was friendly and let me taste the wine before I committed. The inside of the restaurant is New Orleans but modern at the same time. We were relieved since we didn't want another run of the mill mediocre tourist place. I had the fried green tomatoes which came topped with spicy shrimp. Damned good. My daughter had the oysters Rockefeller and she enjoyed them as well. The mains: I had the pompano and my daughter had the filet. Both dishes were great. We shared the banana creme brûlée- so good! Our waiter was the handsome James who was firstly a great waiter but also so friendly and genuine. A really terrific dining experience!This place is an easy walk from my daughter's apartment so I eat here every time I visit her. The vegetables that accompany every dish are really unique and tasty. 
My favorite is the gulf fish which is usually served on a bed of kale with sweet potatoes and I love it. 
Last night it was served on their signature "shaved" Brussels sprouts. Surprise-more delicious than the usual kale. 
I believe they might have a new chef. 
A slight disappointment was the butterscotch boudin.  It was ok but not as creamy and rich butterscotchy as in the past. 
I will definitely eat here every time I visit.I have to say I was very disappointed with the French quarters, after just driving through it. The area is just filthy, crowded and I'm sure it smelled. So I opted into driving further out of that area and I found this interesting restaurant not far from the French quarters. I checked it out on yelp first, saw some good reviews and a few bad ones. I thought I check it out for myself! First of all parking is hard to find in any area of the French quarters , fortunately there's a parking spot across the street from this restaurant. Interesting thing about the parking lot is $15 to park and the automated machine does not work so you will need cash. There are no attendants in the parking lot but instead a big metal box with little slits and numbers and letters on it! Interesting right! I have to take a picture! So you insert your money into the slot and push it in with the little flat spatula like thing, and your parking is paid!  The exterior part of the building look like a old home and the interior still needed some work but I think they were going for the rustic look! Tables had nice white tablecloth, Waiters are dressed nicely in uniforms, Had a pleasant warm an welcoming feel. I arrived at 730 in the evening, the restaurant had only two tables occupied. I like the ambience very quiet and clean. I ordered a glass of the Prosecco, and was served warm crusty French bread which was absolutely delicious! I ordered the artichoke heart and oyster soup as a starter, black drum with roasted root vegetables and Kale with Herb butter sauce. Everything was cooked to perfection! The kale was amazing! Overall my dinner was pleasant, the staff was very attentive, without being too intrusive. I finished off my meal with the bread pudding in a caramel sauce. The bread pudding can be improved, moisture was very good but I believe it needed a little bit more of something. I would definitely go back and visit next time in New Orleans!Horrible place, went there with some friends, terribly slow service, undercooked food, overpriced. Avoid at all costesGood attentive staff. The oyster dishes were the standout  for me. Our group enjoyed some of the mains - the duck and pasta were the favorites.
My steak was not grilled at a high enough temperature, it was not seared and not well seasoned.Bogus!
Party of 6, showed up on time for our reservations. Restaurant wide open but told we have to wait for our table to be "ready". It's right there buddy; all set and ready! I see it! Who are you kidding? Made to wait 20 minutes at bar do they could get us to order drinks. Are you that desperate for an extra drink to tack on our bill? Ruins the experience.We arrived late after a show, so normally one would expect attitude when a party comes in at 10:30. But, no. The staff was very accommodating and the service was impeccable! But let's get to the food. Had the hashbrowned brussel sprouts which were so good! Others in the party raved about the oysters, and the shrimp salad my husband had was perfectly seasoned and dressed. But for me the best meal by far I've had while in New Orleans was their gulf fish special -- black drum with kale and sweet potatoes. Oh my! The sauce was perfection -- not drippy in butter like many other restaurants here, but perfect. The flavor marriage was fabulous -- the fish, kale, and sweet potato melted in my mouth! I gave a taste to everyone at my table, all 6 of them, and all agreed. Deeee-licious! And the French Rosé was perfect. Thank you, Annunciation. Your restaurant goes down in my book and I will recommend you to all of my friends!Great food! Reminded me of Brigtsen's. Every dish we had was good- highlights were definitely the drum and the stuffed eggplant. All of the oyster appetizers were also excellent. Will definitely go back!This might have been the best duck I've ever had. It was crispy and fall off the bone tender. I couldn't get enough! The restaurant itself is beautiful and small enough to be intimate but definitely not cramped. The team there is super friendly and gives great recommendations from cocktails to dessert. They can also give you a lesson in tying a bow tie!My parents, my husband, myself, and our three kids came here by accident. My husband thought it was going to be a cheaper cafe-type restaurant. It was way fancier than we had wanted to go for,  it they could seat us immediately so we decided to try it out and pray the kids didn't throw food. It was delicious. The Trout Margeury was one of the best fish dishes I've ever had. I let everyone at the table taste it and they were all jealous. My husband had the tuna steak and it was so pretty when it came to the table that he considered taking a picture and he's just not that kind of guy. Even the chicken appetizer that one of my daughters had as her entree was fantastic. Who knew carrots could be that good? Waiter was a little quirky, but very attentive and bless him, he tried so hard to help my kids keep their napkins in their laps. Overall, pricey for dinner but a great place that is a really short walk from all the hotels off St. Joseph and Convention Center Blvd.Surprised the ratings weren't higher. This was one of the best dinners that my husband and I have had. And he's a picky eater. Definitely coming back.
Whatever they are doing with fish-keep it up.Meh.  Millions of places to have a great meal in Nola.  Everything was uneventful.  Started with the fried oysters with brie.  It was aiight. Had a bowl of seafood gumbo. Bland and unoffensive.  Shrimp etouffee was boring and lacking seasoning and spice. Cooked well but by folks who don't really care. Find somewhere else..Excellent service and food! Our appetizer was great. I never would have put Brie with oysters, BUT it was delicious. Our main courses were also very good. We especially enjoyed the quaint atmosphere.Food was tasty. Our waiter couldn't split the bill so we were forced to do math and run 17 separate credit cards. Took forever horrible experience.Great venue. We attended a group dinner here.  I ordered the pork shoulder with grits and gravy. The pork was amazing.  The grits had chopped jalapeño peppers mixed in it.  It was odd to me to find little crunch bits in my grits so I ended up not eating them.This place is in the warehouse district and has exposed brick and plaster. It's a little upscale and has a nice cocktail and wine list. Our waiter, James, was charming and very attentive.Fantastic option in the CBD. Had the special filet tonight. Cooked perfectly and paired with potatoes au gratin. I started with the fresh greens salad topped with tomatoes. Very fresh and delicious. Will chose this establishment again.Enjoyed the food very much - especially the bread pudding! The staff was also very courteous and accommodating. Two thumbs up!Way.  Too.  Freaking.  Loud.  One os forced to be anti-social because one cannot scream loudly enough to be heard by anyone else at the table. Seriously, folks.We came to this place for Sunday brunch at the end of our weekend trip.  It was definitely one of the highlights of the trip, with some great live music inside, and a great atmosphere otherwise.  There was a string trio playing some great fold songs.
They have  a bloody mary bar that you use to make your own bloody mary with all of the clippings including lots of veggies, hot sauce, and even bacon.  I put a few bacon strips into my bloody mary and it was so tasty.
The location is a bit of a walk if you're staying downtown or in the French Quarter.  We walked from the Sheraton but it took quite a bit of time to get there.The food was really bad. 5 of us got the flounder and none wanted to finish it the drum was also unremarkable.I would definitely go back here. The shrimp Creole was amazing the crème brûlée was awesome all of this oyster dishes we had like a few different of the baked oysters they were amazing and the Rockefeller was one of the best I've ever had, we had a beat salad that was really good, the gumbo was delicious seafood very good. The dock was delicious the service was really good, the  So the menu was really interesting and I could tell from the sauces on just what we did eat that everything here would be excellent. They really have a great old fashion Creole style that a lot of restaurants don't understand so yes I would I would definitely recommend this restaurant.My wife and I went last night on 7/7/14. Made reservations and were seated promptly upon arrival. The interior is quite nice and clean. Very modern with dim lighting for dinner. Not overly noisy even with a full dinning room.
Decent cocktail menu, not very elaborate or lengthy but some nice feature cocktails. Extensive wine selection. Their take on a Pimm's Cup was very good.
The food was very good. The oyster appetizer was very good. The shrimp remoulade was nice too. I had the pork shoulder served over grits and was extremely pleased with the portion size and taste. It was incredible how ever the presentation, while clean was a little muddled. It was just a brown slab of meat and gravy over white grits. Would not kill them to put some color on the plate. My wife had the lobster risotto and it was cooked perfectly. I was surprised by how much lobster was actually in the dish and I really appreciate that when you order a $25 plate of risotto that they make it worth the money. We both had a bundito for desert which was like heaven served in a wine glass. 
Over all we had a wonderful experience here. I really wish more fine dinning restaurants would take a page from Annunciation's book and be more liberal in terms of portion size. We love eating fine dinning and are unofficial foodies and I have no problem shelling out $100 - $200 for a meal, but I hate to leave still hungry. At Annunciation I really could have done without appetizers and still been satisfied.Ok local option, if you can't get in elsewhere.  Really nothing more than a mediocre knockoff of Clancy's.  The space is nicely renovated and the  bar and wine cellar look cool.  Went with another couple from the neighborhood and all of us left feeling the same about this restaurant -eh!  The oysters and brie were just like Clancy's except not crunchy and less brie. The crab salad was most likely the best part of the meal.  It had a good mount of lump crab and was presented nicely with some black caviar on top.  The entrees were just bland.  The soft shell crab did not have enough meneiure sauce to even taste, the angel hair pasta with crab and tomato lacked any discernible flavor.  Really boring...  The bread was crunchy and warm, but appeared to be a bit dry in the middle, like it was in the warmer too long.  The desserts were equally boring.  The wine list lacked depth and was has higher than average markups (about 2.5x Rouses prices and several wines on the list are also available at Rouses).  
The restaurant was very crowded and appeared to be the mostly the uptown Clancy's crowd coming downtown to try it.  I think that this will be short lived, when they realize that they have the real deal uptown, and that this is not quite as good as the original.  It is very, very noisy when it gets crowded - almost too loud. All in all, this place is just okay.  The food will have to improve if I am to make this a regular stop.  It is located in a neighborhood with lots of choices for good food = lots of competition.  For my money, I would choose Meson 923, Tommy's, American Sector, Rio Mar, or Root over Annunciation at this point.  Maybe this will change after they have been open a while and had time to work on their food...We had reservations for 8pm, but due to a few large parties, we were delayed,,,not to worry, the wait was worth it.  The brie and oyster appetizer was excellent.  Just enough crunch with that creamy brie and sautéed greens.  Husband ordered the crab cake appetizer and it was so sweet and savory.  It was in a word, divine.  The ambience was very happening that night, and while the linen covered tables were pristine, we sat at the bar and enjoyed the Tiger football game.  Cocktails are divine, particularly the Aviator...oh my.  That is a must have.  Entrees, mine was the soft shell crab, perfect in every way.  Husband had the pork shoulder with mashed potatoes and he said it was very good.  We had no room for dessert.  When we come back to NOLA, we will definitely hit Annunciation.  The matre de Richard, is the best part of the vibe of this wonderful new restaurant!I went to dinner here for the first time the other night. The food was awesome (highly recommend the pork should, filet mignon and gumbo - although those last two were specials). We went there a little earlier than we normally do - and the crowd definitely grew as the time got later. I'd suggest making a reservation. I knocked off one star because of the service - it took a long time to get our menus, and we had to ask about any specials. Our waiter seemed to be off doing more important things most of the time. Other than that, it was great. Next time we go, we'll probably just sit at the bar and order food (skipping the chance that the service won't be good again).I can confidently say that Annunciation is now on my list of must-visit restaurants when my out of town friends come to visit! The ambience, service, and food were all incredible. 
Our waiter, James, was super friendly and very knowledgeable about everything on the menu. His gulf fish recommendation was perfect, and his advice to add jumbo shrimp to the dish really set up apart. We also got an order of their baked oysters and brussel sprouts, both of which were spectacular. Our cocktails were also perfect every time! 
This place is truly a hidden gem in the warehouse district.The waiter was obnoxious, and the food was terrible. The worse part was that one of the dinners was too salty for my daughter to eat. The owner came by and was very apologetic and said that the chef tends to over spice the food. We got the bill, and they did not remove the charge for the dinner. I complained on line, and they invited us back for a free dinner. The problem is that we were just visiting from Virginia, which didn't seem to matter because I never heard back.We were greeted by Richard the maitra d', who made us feel like family.   Richard continued to check on us to make sure everything was perfect.  Our group preferred mixed drinks.  The Sazerac was superb.  Good beer selection.   Appetizers--Order the chopped Brussel spouts and egg plant sticks.  They are not expensive and quite good.  Our table had the drum, pasta and beef,  all prepared well and tasty.  Desserts are small, which allowed room for additional  tastings later in the French Quarter.  I will come back again very soon, as Annunciation really took care of us.  ThanksFirst visit the restaurant is happening the food is wonderful the wait staff is attentive the wine list is deep all in all my food was delicious prepared to my preferences the chef did a fine jobLoved it!! If you've never been, I suggest you give it a try. It won't disappoint. This was our first one, but won't be our last.I had been wanting to check this restaurant out for a while since I work in the area and alway suggest the restaurant to people looking for options in walking distance. I would definitely say it's a good option for seafood in the CBD/Warehouse District. The service was wonderful and our server was knowledgeable of the menu. I enjoyed the pan seared gulf fish. The kale and sweet potato mix really was delicious and the sweet potatoes were a nice touch to the dish. There were some things I was a little disappointed by like the hashed brussel sprouts appetizer, but to be fair I'm not a fan of mustard seeds. Overall, it's a charming spot. It looked like later in the evening they start to fill up with larger parties which can increase the noise level since it's a small space.Well, it can be hard to find, but there is such a thing as a bad meal in New Orleans. I had one here.
The food is, in a word, disappointing. There were red flags, to be sure. For example, the waitress, who described every item on the menu for us (unprompted), including the mixed greens salad, explained that one dish starts with a roux that has lots of garlic and green onions. But, don't worry, she told us, it doesn't taste like garlic or onions. My question: why not? Where did they go? It turns out, they just cook everything until there's no flavor left. Every single dish was bland and flavorless. The turtle soup was terrible. The fried oysters with brie tastes, somehow, of neither oyster, nor fried, nor brie! The drum tasted like white rice (on which it was served).
Now, the service was, to boot, curious. The waitress talked our ears off but somehow managed to be as slow as possible. It took a while for drinks and wine to arrive. Dishes were places on the table long before the silverware. I just have no idea what was going on here.
Bad food, mediocre service. For the price, this is a definitely skippable place. Go to any of the other restaurants in the area.Food and service both awesome. Came for Coolinary. Had to ask for the Coolinary menu but got it. I got the special but husband ordered off regular menu. Everything was delicious. Even the bread. Prices were fine. Small restaurant so make reservations. White table cloth. Nice bar.Excellent dinner-the staff was accommodating and the food was outstanding. Vibrant atmosphere but quiet enough for conversation !Annunciation used to very good, years ago. The food quality has decreased noticeable over time. The wines by the glass are average. Service was good - the staff was very attentive.I stand corrected Perhaps I was not in the French Quarter (was told not dirty and doesn't smell) , my apologies to the residents and neighborhood, if I offended you, but seeing so many homeless on the streets, trash and hustlers at the corners, I was not leaving my car to walk around alone, I must of drove by somewhere near there, I know that for sure. Just not my kinda place.So, my now husband and I have been here multiple times to eat dinner with family downstairs and had no issues. The food and service was great every time. HOWEVER, the rehearsal dinner was a different story.
Our wedding was 1/12/19 so, the rehearsal dinner with our closest family and friends was on 1/11/19 (Friday). We had about 47 adults and 3 kids reserved for dinner SEVERAL MONTHS in advance for the upstairs room. We were running a few minutes behind because of the rehearsal itself but my now father-in-law gave them a heads up saying that we were running a little behind. The other family members that weren't in the wedding party were already there though. So, we finally get there and everyone is lined up at the bar of course because my FIL made it an open bar and decided to just pay the bill at the bend of the night. 
It took forever for a waiter or waitress to even come up to our table to even grab any orders that all the guests kept having to get up to get their own drinks. The poor bartender also had no idea what she was doing as well. It wasn't until my now husband said something to the manager and bartender about having any servers around to get drink orders so that the guests wouldn't have to constantly get up from their seats to get a waitress at our table to even get drink orders. 
Then, the waiter finally took everyone's main course orders. The gumbo came out and it was horrendous. Majority of our family and friends are native New Orleanians coming in from out of town and this was a complete embarrassment to even call this a gumbo. The rice was rock hard because it wasn't even cooked. The gumbo itself was COLD. My now mother-in-law and husband had to return their cups THREE TIMES because it was cold. Tell me this, if you claim to be a Cajun/Creole/Southern restaurant, HOW DO YOU MESS UP A SIMPLE GUMBO AND HOW IS IT NOT SERVED HOT IF IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE ON THE STOVE?? I also had some guests complain that they got maybe a teaspoon of their cup filled while the person next to them had a full cup. 
Next on the menu, the salad after the atrociousness of what they called "gumbo". Most of the guests didn't even finish the gumbo. What a waste. The salad was okay because they barely had any dressing on it and it was maybe half of the plate. 
Ah yes, the main course with the choice of: pork shoulder, gulf fish, and filet mignon. I picked the filet mignon but I realized that the waiter didn't ask how I wanted mine cooked but I thought, "oh,maybe they do that because we have a large party. Whatever." Apparently, a lot of our guests chose the filet mignon. Apparently, the bridesmaids table told me that the waiter came out telling them that they RAN OUT of filet mignons and that they had NY strips as an alternate. Ok, fine. 
Then my filet came out...it looked like it came straight out of the slaughterhouse. I understand that some people like it that way but I usually request it to be Medium. The potatoes were pathetic and the sauce that came with the filet was not the sauce that I was expecting. It was like a jelly instead of a sauce. I barely ate that night. 
At this point, the restaurant was a complete joke. Everyone complained about how horrible everything was so they kept drinking of course. Then the desserts...we had a choice of chocolate pot du creme or lemon ICEBOX pie. My MIL had the lemon icebox pie when we came for dinner another night and it was actually frozen like an icebox which was appropriate. The chocolate pot du creme was basically a chocolate pudding with whipping cream on it and when the lemon "icebox" pie came out, it was melting and the size of my index finger. I have small hands. 
The restaurant didn't even apologize for anything. They didn't even reimburse my FIL for ANYTHING. They could have at least shaved some of the drinks down seeing as how that's the only thing that people could get into their stomachs because the food was so horrible. They acted as if they weren't at all prepared for this large party. I have emails proving that they were completely aware of our coming in on this date. If you're looking for a place to host your big event, don't waste your money or time on this place. It was mind blowing at how horrible everything was. It's so sad too because I thoroughly enjoyed going to the restaurant but now I can't even stand to think about this place for a dinner option when I have friends coming into town to visit.Fantastic food and wonderful food.  We had a group of 20 for dinner.  They served us all at the same time.  The food was hot and delicious.  The drinks just kept coming and they were extremely accommodating.  The maitre'd, Richard even sang for us.   What a wonderful experience.  I definitely recommend this restaurant and plan to return.After months of commenting on its Facebook page, I finally got the opportunity to visit The Annuciation Restaurant and it did not disappoint.  My husband and I were celebrating our 12 year wedding anniversary and I was glad we did it here.
I had the seafood stuffed eggplant and it was overwhelmingly delicious.  My husband had the chicken bomme femme (sorry about the spelling) but the dish was amazing. Carlos was our server and took EXTRA good care of is. The maitre'D was an absolute joy. He took us on a tour of the place and made sure our evening was pleasant.  I will recommend this restaurant every chance I get and definitely will return.  Thanks for great eveningCame here this past Thursday evening with my husband for a fancy date night and it was perfection! The ambiance is wonderful-white tablecloths and upscale decor, with low lighting and excellent service! We started with baked oysters and oysters brochette-both of which were to die for. Rich fried goodness to place atop a crispy slice of French bread for the brochette and baked had an awesome tangy sauce drizzled on top that would make a flip flop taste good. My husband also got the southern smash, which was kind of a bourbony take on a mule-fresh and tasty. For dinner, I got the baked gulf fish which was super flavorful and came with roasted potatoes that had just enough crisp texture and steamed broccoli. My husband and got the NY strip, which was cooked medium rare perfectly and came with French fries and this awesome sauce that I could just drink! Added the grilled shrimp because, which was an extra $10. Also, as an exciting bonus, they are currently doing a 20% discount for CBD/Warehouse district residents!!! Freaking awesome, and the extra went to our server in tip because he truly made the night! Will definitely be returning soon!Had a great anniversary dinner here! I highly recommend it. Our server James was warm and friendly and gave us some helpful tips about the menu. He pointed out his favorites and did not steer us wrong. My husband and I each had the gulf fish but prepared differently and both were amazing! For dessert James surprised us with complimentary glasses of champagne for our anniversary. It was so nice and helped the make the night really special for us!  Overall a great experience and the next time we're in NOLA we'll be back!If I could give this place no stars I would.
Let me start off saying I was part of a huge rehearsal dinner party, that came to this restaurant last Friday, Jan 11th. One of my best friends was getting married so they decided to have annunciation host the rehearsal dinner. The reservations had been made months in advance, we had a catered menu and we were upstairs in the restaurant. 
This was my first time visiting this restaurant, and my friend the bride, had talked this place up so I was super excited for rehearsal dinner that night.
After arriving everything pretty much went downhill from there. Our first course was a cup of gumbo that did not come out until almost an hour of us being there. The gumbo was so cold and unfortunately for me my cup of gumbo wasn't even a full cup, three spoonfuls and I was done, not to mention the 10 grains of barely cooked rice. 
Second course was a spring salad, no complaints on the taste but,  gone in 60 seconds because of the 6 sprigs of lettuce on the plate.
Now we get to the main course, everyone had 3 options Filet mignon, a pork chop, and a fish. Im assuming a majority of people picked the steak because at some point a server went around to a few tables to let us know that they did not have enough filet for everyone and that could offer us a ny strip. Since I wasn't interested in the other main course options I gave the go ahead on the strip. Finally after waiting what seemed like a lifetime to get our different course our main dish came out. I wish I took pics of the disaster. The steak came out with some chopped  seasoned potatoes and the worse hollandaise sauce I've ever had, the sauce was prepared so incorrectly that when I took the gravy dish it was served in and turned it upside down, not a bit of sauce came out. My steak was overcooked and a few other peoples were undercooked. Now the last course, dessert. Our options were some type of chocolate pudding I guess and key lime pie. I picked the chocolate, but did see sever disappointing servings of the key lime pie. It just melted on the plate. It was as if someone whipped it up 30 mins ago and didn't let it sit in the refrigerator to get stiff. 
The entire dinning experience was a mess. You would have thought my friend and her husband didn't have a reservation with this place and 80 ppl just show up off the street at one time and order food. Luckily we did have an open bar upstairs, that definitely help feel our bellies. Unfortunately, some of the mixed drinks sucked and there was only one bartender behind the bar. The bartender did work hard, but they definitely need a more experience person for a large party.
Definitely, will not be visiting this place again. And unfortunately I don't think my friend or her family got any type of discount or reimbursement for the horrible food and service.Visiting Louisiana, it was refreshing to try a different take on classic Louisiana dishes. The gumbo was excellent, but the real treat was the blackened drum fish of the day. It was very well seasoned and perfectly flaky. 
Everything that my husband and I tried was absolutely delicious. The dishes all had a wonderful blend of flavors that set them apart from offerings from similar Southern/Cajun restaurants. 
Amazing food with excellent service. Loved the atmosphere. Get the boudin balls and please save room for the divine bread pudding.Such a quant restaurant. Romantic atmosphere. Food is incredible. The fried chicken dumplings are delicious. Fun cocktails!!!For the prices, I really do expect more than ambiance. The service is excellent. The kitchen needs some serious help. From over dressing salads and using canned veg in the salad, to over salting food while under cooking entrees, and serving a split sauce - there were a lot of rookie mistakes with the food that surprised me. 
If you're in the mood to sit and sit chat over delicious drinks with a few apps - this place is great! If you're looking for a nice spot for a date night where you have impeccable service and mouth watering food - you will be disappointed. 
The ambiance is wonderful. There are tables far enough apart that you don't hear anyone's conversation, and yet close enough that it's not awkward. Everyone had their masks away from the take, and there is sanitizer at the door. Pictures adorn the wall and exposed brick gives that comfy feel I just love. Decorations are limited in a good way, and each table has the white cloth, candle, and comfy chairs so you feel like you're somewhere fancy that still cares about you. 
The servers are genuinely nice and still approachable. The front of house staff was 100% on point. 
The bar looks amazing though we can't sit at those anymore, and the bartender made some delicious cocktails (I recommend the Catherine the Great) as well as picked the perfect wine to accompany dessert. 
Then comes the food. Something is off in the kitchen.  I'm not sure what, but for what dinners cost, I hope they fix the issues quick because they have everything else going right for them in this great neighborhood spot.This is a charming space with a very friendly wait staff. The ambience is both rustic and modern. The food was excellent-highly recommend the oysters Rockefeller and the shrimp etouffee. Also the bananas foster bread pudding was the perfect desert. Special thanks to G for taking extra good care of us.We just had a great Coolinary meal at Annunciation. I started with an excellent bowl of turtle soup. I had the best stuffed flounder I've ever had. It had a wonderful smokey stuffing and was perfectly cooked.   It also came with a beurre blanc that was light and perfectly balanced between sweet and tart.  The current crepes were also delicious. Carlos our server was terrific. I highly recommend this restaurant if you are in New Orleans.Annunciation has good food, a nice location and friendly staff.Amazing food with excellent service. Loved the atmosphere. Get the boudin balls and bread pudding. My wife loved her sesame crusted tuna and my pompano was delicious.Ambience was beautiful. Menu selection was good. Service was great. Food taste: average
We came for a large group dinner. The appetizers were solid. Entrees were hit or miss. Some were good & some lacked flavor and were set out lukewarm.
Dessert was great (particularly the creme brûlée)
Overall, the meal was not memorable.Absolutely fabulous - from the staff to the chef to the food.  It is my new go-to in NOLA.  Ask the staff to serve you what they recommend.  You will not be sorry. At our table of 9 there were only rave reviews about every dish - even the hash brown brussel sprouts.  And the pan seared chicken is to die for.  You will ask yourself how good chicken could possibly be and I foolishly asked myself the same question.  Oh my! It's so good that I'm not sure if I can go in and order anything else. We were so full that we couldn't even think of dessert.  I'm thinking of starting with dessert first next time just so that I can try it.We went to Annunciation with a large group of family and friends, and we were all very satisfied​ with our experience. This is a perfect place for a date night.
Firstly, the service was quick. Even with a large group, our waiter always made sure our drinks were full. He did an excellent job of breaking down each menu item for us as well as giving his personal recommendations and the restaurant's popular dishes. This made our choices much easier.
Everything that we tried was absolutely delicious. The dishes all had a wonderful blend of flavors that set them apart from offerings from similar Southern/Cajun restaurants. Being from Louisiana, it was refreshing to try a different take on classic Louisiana dishes. 
The atmosphere here was also something I was pleasantly surprised with. Annunciation does a wonderful job of creating an intimate ambiance with their dim lighting and only a few tables with a generous amount of space between them, making this a perfect place for a date night with a significant other.My experience was underwhelming to say the least. The one bright spot was the lamb chops, but even that wasn't enough to save the evening. The was the first time my friends and I have eaten out since March and we were looking forward it. It started off not great when two of my friends didn't like their drinks - both too sweet. It took a while for the waiter to come back and take our order, but that was ok. We understand they may be slightly understaffed right now. I got the Coolinary menu. I chose the Creole tomato salad, lamb chops and banana creme brûlée. The creole tomato salad looked like toppings for a burger. The garlic mashed potatoes that came with the lamb chops had too much garlic (which I didn't even know was a thing) and the brûlée lacked the hard top you would expect on the dessert. Along with not so great service, the bar also messed up a drink order and we were then overcharged. I wish them well, but I probably won't be back.Can't remember a worse experience at a restaurant. 
Not only did the waiter hit me in the face with a plate hard enough to break my tooth when trying to take the plate from in front of me. The manager/maitre'd Richard Williams did not offer to comp my meal and got physically threatening, when I suggested that was the least they could do.  
After several members of the party approached them, they took my entree off of the bill, but not my drink or app. 
Table of 13 adult professionals, who all very seasoned travelers/foodies. It was my coworkers offering to cover the cost of my meal/wine when they felt bad for what happened, not the restaurant. Not right.Had a terrible waiter. Would not accommodate to my allergy needs, was very rude and treated us as if we were an inconvenience. The food was also pretty terrible. The waiter recommended the oyster appetizer and they were said to be "the worst oysters ever" by the ones that ordered them. The meals were very subpar and definitely not worth the price. Would not recommend this place to anyone.Had dinner twice at this venue during my stay in New Orleans.  Both times were great.  Service was very good.  Venue had more locals than tourist.  Would recommend.Food- Original and creative.  Service- Garroway was exceptional. Ambiance- understated and classy. 
  Fried oysters with Triple Cream Brie and sauteed spinach- best food I've had in months, in NOLA that is saying a lot! 
I'll be back soon.I came back to Annunciation about a week ago. Sat at the bar and had a drink while waiting for the rest of our group. The drinks were on point. The food was delicious as usual. Had the brie and spinach oysters and sweetbreads. Both were really good. I also had the duck as an entree - which was also delish. I must say that my complaint remains the same as my previous review. The service is lacking.Would never ever return!!! By far the worse dining experience I've had. Saw quite a few rats throughout the restaurant while dining and as we were leaving out. The manager and waiters acted unbothered as if it was a normal thing. One waitress was extremely rude and had an attitude. Waited over an hour for food to come out...probably closer to 2 hours and this was just to get our appetizers out. Food at best was a 3/10. Boudin balls average and eggplant was very bland and looked unappetizing. This restaurant is too $$$ for this level of food and service. The bill came to $200+ and manager made no effort accommodate us given the very bad experience we had.Hard to have a bad meal in New Orleans. Impossible to have a bad meal here.
Nice atmosphere. You can bring clients or a date. Staff is very professional and friendly. Willing to make any dish in anyway that will make you happy. 
Hash brown brussel sprouts a fav. Great gumbo and wonderful pan searched chicken.
I will be back.Tonight was my first experience with Annunciation. We had a fabulous evening! The restaurant is a reflection of New Orleans. There is modern art on the wall and a mirror the length of the restaurant contrasted with exposed brick walls and an exposed ceiling showing the age (history) of the building.  The staff is dressed in black with bow ties. Waiters with bow ties are definitely nothing new in New Orleans. But each waiter had a different, beautiful tie and they were great, modern ties. This restaurant seems to be a modern interpretation of meals enjoyed in this city for centuries.
Richard, the maitre d', makes you feel like an old friend, even if it is your first time there. I have been welcomed to other places but it sometimes sounds like an afterthought. Richard greets each person and helps them feel like an honored guest. I am already looking forward to seeing him next time I go there.
I had heard wonderful things about the food and I was not disappointed. The food was fantastic! I'm not going to tell you what I had because between the four us at the table I tasted many things and it was all great. But I have to recommend the Icebox Lemon Pie!!! It was creamy and delicious. I don't know if I will ever try another dessert there -- the pie was so perfect I will definitely get it again. I would love to go there just for the Icebox Lemon Pie with a great cup of coffee!.We waited about an hour even with a reservation. Food was okay; appetizers were fine but the main dish was disappointing. I ordered the roasted duck and it was overcooked. We waited about another hour between the appetizers and the meal. The service was questionable, as we ended up spending a total of two and a half hours total before leaving.This is one of my favorite local restaurants. If you are looking to get a great filling meal, awesome service and a nice atmosphere, Annunciation is the place to be! I came in last week to celebrate a job achievement with my parents and annunciation did not disappoint. We started the night off with a few cocktails. The bartender made me a pretty nice old fashion. As my app I ordered the fried green tomatoes and the grilled pompano topped with shaved almonds. (Would recommend for people who aren't afraid of bones on fish. All other fish options on the menu are filleted) Really enjoyed my time here, made my job achievement that much more special.Ate here on a late Friday evening with a group of 7 and easily got a table. After living here for two years and many delectable NOLA meals, I was underwhelmed by my meal (pork shoulder with smoked onion and jalapeño grits). Didn't taste jalapeño and I think I just expected so much more from the roasted meat. We got two of the oyster starters on the menu and I felt it was lacking flavor. Everyone else liked their meals - not sure if it was hunger or just their first NOLA meal. not sure if it was worth the cost of the dish. Service wasn't bad and we didn't have to wait too long for our meals.Ate here with my uncle on a Thursday night to try their Coolinary menu. The atmosphere is lovely here and they are "social distanced" and our server (cannot remember his name) was fabulous! He chatted with us about the menu and made sure we had all that we needed.
Ordered from the Coolinary menu, but did order an additional appetizer to try, the Brussels. I will say, I LOVE braises, blasted, fried, brussels -all types and these were meh. Something grainy was mixed in with them and they were very underwhelming. 
We both had the gumbo, I had the duck, he had the chicken, I had the turamisu and he had the creme brulee. We both agreed the gumbo was luke warm. It REALLY needed to be hotter in temperature. Flavor was fine, but thast it. I was a bit irritated when no more than 5 minutes after we got the gumbo, our entrees arrived. There is NOTHING more I hate in a nice restaurant is getting my entree when I'm not even finished with my appetizer, salad, soup, whatever. The waiter moved my cup of gumbo to the side and placed my entree in front of me. I did finish my gumbo before starting on my entree, but strongly feel the timing should have been better.
My lamb was wonderful. I LOVE lamb. The color was a bit pale on the chops, but other than that it was perfect! The garlic mashed potatoes were even better honestly. My uncle's dish was tasty and he enjoyed what he had. Tasted similar to the Chicken Rosemarino at Irene's Cuisine. 
We both loved our desserts.
Overall, we had a lovely time and I would like to try their regular menu. I'll be back. They just need a warmer gumbo and slow the service a bit.Came here for a team dinner. The quality of food was okay, maybe not worth the cost. I had the fillet minion with their special sauce that also comes with the New York strip, it was congealed. The roasted potatoes were delicious though and the fillet was cooked to perfection. My coworkers had some issues with their meals being bland. The oysters Rockefeller were alright, I've had betterWe LOVED this restaurant - the best we experienced in the 3 nights in NOLA for a trade show. Granted, we (a party of 6) had a wait, but the friendly, over-the-tip manager kept his word, and we were seated within 15 min of our reservation. The meals were outstanding, especially my shrimp etouffe. The service was spotty, but so worth it.The service is terribly slow, the food arrives barely warm and the noise level is uncomfortably loud.  The bulk of the apps are fried.  I enjoyed the renovated space and the entree menu.  Under-staffed.  Our waiter disappeared whenever we needed something, like more water.  My pompano ($32) was a child's portion, deliciously buttered, and quite tasty.  Go to Galatoire's.
When it comes to *offering* classic N. O. food: fantastic!!Loved!  After a grueling 4-day conference, I was the last of my compadres in town. As is my wont when dining solo, I found a place with a great, quiet bar, Annunciation, this charming old building just a 3 block walk from the Hilton Garden Inn. 
From start to finish, the food and service were warm and personal. The friendly bartender made a mean Sazerac and chatted with me about her NY past and NOLA present.  The executive chef stopped at the bar to say hello to me and we also talked about our Louisiana roots. He and his team delivered elevated - yet home-feeling - cooking - the Veal Annunciation, Cooked to perfection and served over pasta and a perfectly seasoned herby Alfredo sauce. 
Absolutely what my non-cardiologist Dr ordered after a long few days away from home. Thanks for taking me in for a meal, Annunciation!  Hope to be back soon.What started out to be a Birthday Celebration for one of my girlfriends, turned out to be something that you would expect in a Dirty, greasy Diner! The food and drinks were Great!  The waiter for our table was Arrogant & borderline rude!  
I am grateful that we had completed our dinner, before one the ladies encountered Two large Rats running across her foot while waiting to use the restroom.
 After that encounter, the Rats ran from the back of the Restaurant to the Main Dining Room  and disturbed the remaining Patrons!  The reaction by the Staff was even more disturbing. The bartender remarked that this was "New Orleans". The rest of the staff had little or no reaction, as this were a daily occurrence.   Even though the food and drinks were great, I can't imagine ever dining there again!Cold food, rude waiter, supposed to have private room - Nope. Not a good experience for 21 visitors.  Won't go back