Hit this place on the way out of NOLA. Good coffee and food. Nice to sit on the porch.Great spot for breakfast.  Service is always spot on.  There is often a wait because this is a popular place.  Not a bad wait out on the porch as long as it isn't summer time.Another Broken Promise.  If you don't use an app don't bother to put your name on the list.  Put my name down and the hostess said it would not be long. After an hour asking what our place in line was they still has 12 parties ahead of us. Just don't tell me it won't be long and put everyone ahead 
I won't go back.On our way home from New Orleans to Boston, we stopped here for breakfast and it was the best breakfast spot we ate in the whole time here. I'm surprised that this is a chain because it doesn't feel like one. I love the decor: relaxing croissant yellow walls, high ceilings and a bustling atmosphere that isn't too noisy or crowded. The wait staff is pleasantly welcoming with that good Ole Southern hospitality. You can wait outside on the wrap around porch while you wait for your table and the seating system is digital so you get a text when your table is ready.
In terms of the food, I had the lemon blueberry goat cheese pancakes with turkey sausage and scrambled eggs. Babe had the peach cobbler pancakes with andouille sausage and scrambled eggs. We were given coffee and orange juice while we waited, which was only 5 minutes and not the 40 minutes we were told. As I sit here on the porch again waiting for an Uber driver, the crowd is picking up so I'm glad we came earlier, around 9:30am.
The skillet breakfasts look scant and not filling so we opted for the pancakes but everything else that went by on a plate looked delicious. I bought one of their signature mugs to take with me because they remind of the Celtic mugs I got from Ireland. New Orleans is so rich with its diverse culture and the people are extremely sincere in visitors having a good time. We can't wait to come back and now we know where we can come for breakfastVery nice people and great atmosphere.  I found the food to be average.  I wouldn't do as some do and stand in line waiting for a table.  IHOP or Dot's Diner have better breakfast food and rarely a wait.I have been here one time since its opening. The place...its cute but cute doesn't make up for the fact that the hostess was awful! The food was really good too! The coffee not bad! The waitress did a great job! But the hostess looked like she had never interacted with people before. She could have been having an off day but first impressions are everything. The food is also pricey so beware! I spent over 20 bucks for an omelette and coffee. It was a good omelette but breakfast to me is just breakfast. I would have been fine eating a bowl of cereal for 2 bucks. Not saying it is bad or anything. I just think it is overpriced. Basically you are eating there just so you can say you have been to The Broken Egg cafe.Omg, I hope I don't leave anything out. Food was amazing,  alcoholic drinks are the bomb and everyone there very friendly. This was my 3rd time eating there and every time I go I never finish my food.  They give you a nice big portion of food for a excellent price. You have to try the Shrimp n Grits.........Worst service ever for a place with those prices. When we were greeted our server complained she was hungover and she forgot to put our order in. After 30 minutes we asked for for our  food and she said it was coming right up ....not. Will not return. Manager was called several times to tables on our visitAnother Egg is a great breakfast/brunch spot. My wife and I were headed to the airport and was looking for place for breakfast and remember someone had told us about this place. WOW!!!! is all I can say, the French toast was excellent ; shrimp and grits without the sausage was superb. The spices used in the in shrimp and grits was very flavorful. A most go to place.The ONLY and I stress only reason why this place is missing a star is because of the wait times. This is a very popular spot among the residents in the lakeview and seabrook areas of New Orleans! One of the best places for breakfast and brunch I would say, this favorite is snuggled in a neighborhood just off of Harrison Avenue. It's grown increasingly popular within the past few months. There is an option to do takeout and I couldn't be more happy with the result if I were sitting in the restaurant! It's always hot, fresh and delicious! Be aware though. Call ahead! It is always crowded!Basically the last 2 experiences I had at this location are horribe. Won't be back. Service is bad. atmosphere stinks and kitchen can't get all the ingredients listed on the menu in their omelettes.Service was awesome; very friendly and knowledgable. Prices are higher than I'd like to pay for breakfast, even considering the specialty items.  The food was above average, but not GREAT. I think the prices are high to account for a lovely setting. It is corporate, but this is not obvious because the the "house" and ambiance are charming.  There were a couple of items I would like to try if I go back. Not a place I will frequent, but glad I checked it off my list.The first time I went to 'Another Broken Egg Cafe' I had a great time. Food and service was great. The biscuit beignets and city grits are to die for. The second time I went was on a Sunday, which a do not recommend. It's very busy on a Sunday. I placed my order and got my appetizer about 15 minutes are I placed it. I did not receive my food until 50 minutes after I received my appetizer, food was not hot, and service was slow. I like the environment here and the food. I will return to 'Another Broken Egg Cafe,' but never on a Sunday.If you are looking for a place to have an amazing breakfast this is the place. The menu has traditional breakfast, brunch and lunch options. I had the skinny omelette, english muffin and fruit. My wife had the lobster and brie omelette and wow the taste of both were amazing filled with seasoning and flavor. The portions are quite large also i forgot to mention their strawberry spritzer is refreshing and fruit filled its a must try.We were told the wait would be 20 minutes for two people.  40 minutes later, I went to return the pager and find somewhere else to eat.  The hostess said we were next for seating, so we waited...and waited...15 minutes later, we were seated.  I was frustrated that we were lied to twice about the wait times.  
Unfortunately, it gets worse.  We waited another 10 minutes after FINALLY getting seated and never met a waitress.  
We walked out.  Wish I could've rated the food, but the service is a zero.Pros: Great location in Lakeview and a good atmosphere both inside and out to enjoy a meal with friends or family. Gone here several times and the food has always come out pretty quickly and is fairly good for the price you pay.
Cons: Poor service. Recently went for brunch and put the name in for a table for 4 adults and 1 highchair. Being brunch on a Saturday, we waited 45 minutes to sit, which we expected and were prepared for. The hostess finally seats us at a very large table, TOO large, (we had to yell across the table to speak to each other) and with no highchair. Ended up having to wait over 5 minutes for the highchair to be brought out. Then, we were never offered drink refills and had to flag down our waitress to request syrup for the pancakes because it wasn't brought out with the meal. This is a consistent problem I see with this location, and I don't know how many more chances I'm willing to give it to improve.My first time going....expect a wait time but the food is pretty good and filling. I got the Southwest Scramble! Good stuff...and they gave me extra since I told them I was pregnant and starving lolI received a coupon in the mail for a free traditional breakfast here, and after hearing so many people brag about it, I figured why not try it out? From the outside, it looks like a quaint and cutesy breakfast place, very home-y. 
We walked in where we were greeted by the hostess or should I say stared at like we had 3 heads. Because this was my first time here, I wasn't sure if it was seat yourself or wait to be seated so my sister spoke up and said a table for 2 please because I was still taken aback that the hostess didn't say anything. Already off to a bad start, which kind of ruined the whole meal because now I was paying attention to everything wrong with the place and not what is right about it.
The hostess then trudged over to a table to seat us and blandly said how a waitress would be with us shortly. After a few minutes of my sister trying to decide what she wanted, I overheard a woman and her husband ask the hostess if they can please have their waitress. Either they are extremely impatient or they've been waiting a while and judging by the hostess's demeanor, I have a feeling they didn't just get there. The hostess was too busy slowly cleaning a table to go get a waiter at that moment even though you can tell that the parents were not pleased, especially since the kids started to get restless.
Finally the waitress came, and she was surprisingly friendly. But again, I still had a bad first impression so I noticed more negative than positive. When she brought us water, she forgot to give us straws. I didn't feel like waiting forever to get one from her so I was going to get up out of my chair instead and get one from the bar. Luckily, she got to me as I was in the motion of standing up so I didn't have to walk across the restaurant.
When we were eating, I noticed another older couple complaining to the manager about something. I was trying to eavesdrop to hear what it was about, but they were all the way across the room.
When our bill finally came, I noticed we were only charged for a traditional breakfast (which was supposed to be free), fruit, and a cup of coffee, when we ordered the traditional breakfast, 2 cups of coffee, and an omelette, which is the more expensive of the two. When I asked the waitress about it, she said it was the bill for the person who was there before us.....good thing there are honest people in this world.
Now onto the positives:
The atmosphere is very New Orleans and home-y. You almost feel like you're in an upscale diner or even a bed and breakfast. The porch area looks nice too.
The food. DELICIOUS! My sister got the Floridian omelette, and it was SOOOOO GOOD! The traditional breakfast I got was just an English muffin, eggs, and hashbrowns, nothing fancy. If I go back, I wou,ld definitely get an omelette or something.
All in all, I will come back again despite the hostess's lack of motivation and poor attitude. I am giving her the benefit of the doubt that she was having a bad day. Like I said, our waitress was super friendly, the kitchen staff member who brought us our food was nice, and so was the manager, who came around and asked how we were doing. I just hope the poor service isn't a reoccurring problem, which seems like it based upon other reviews. I thought the prices were kinda high for a breakfast place so I expect better service. Hopefully if it is a problem, they fix it because the food, location, atmosphere, and some of their workers, are all there. It was just that one girl who gave me such a negative impression of the place.The food was good, but brunch on Mardi Gras day was a bad idea. The government would be more efficient at managing a wait list. Our estimated 30 minute wait turned into an hour and 20 minutes. Apparently they do call ahead seating, so our wait time was extended considerably. Had something else been open nearby, my party of 3 would've gone elsewhere. 
Bottom line--food was good, but the poor wait list management will deter me from returning. Never again!Service was absolutely terrible. Hostess could explain what other groups were being seated before others.  It was a cluster ....Group of us ended up going to Koz's down the street.Delicious. . Benedict with crab cake. . Best I've ever had. Pancake with banana foster looked burnt. . But it wasn't. It was so good. .had fresh banana in it as well as on top.  Daughter had Floridian.. she said it was super good too. .Husband had gluten free pancake.. liked it. . But had to order more food. . Ultimate omelet with potatoes. . He liked. . But was a bit expensive seperately. Overall we really liked it!
Heads up. .. parking is scant.  Sunday is really busy. . But turned out to be worth it. . Had very sweet waitress. (:Breakfast was awesome. They made me a birthday drink and it was great. I had a banana foster pancake that was to die for. Also had a grit cake with lobster and crab it was great.Yaaaaaaaas. This place slays.
There are a couple of tells for a high-quality establishment: the beverage product brand and the weight of the silverware. This place has exceeded in both of those areas. 
This cafe is a wonderful, quaint place. It literally feels just like grandmas house - and I rather love my grandmas house. The food was DELIGHTFUL. I'm always a little iffy with my eggs so I was quite wary to order the scrambled skillet but I did and it was amazing. God bless. The hot chocolate was so rich and creamy and the fruit parfait was beautiful! The service was flawless. Everyone was so eager to take care of us. And they were so friendly. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. I want to cry I'm so happy. So yeah. I have no other choice but to move in.We got there Sunday morning right before 10 am..We would suggest that. Very busy and understandably...the service was GREAT!  We had some specifics for our diets and every one was delivered...with grace. The fare was yummy and it was a joy to sit outside...Our busser even asked if we were finished instead of "done" before picking up our plates...first class..we hear they are under new mgt. Bravo for the xtras in training...we will definetly be back.This was my first visit here on my birthday June 26. The wait was a little long but the food choices were definitely work it! Service was great!I'm so glad we decided to come here after what seemed like forever to pick a place to eat in New Orleans. I do suggest to check in online bc they are a popular place! The food is great, the drinks are delicious, I will definitely come back when I'm in town.Food is decent, but not great. In general, the prices are a bit on the high side for breakfast/brunch food but I'm sure the location plays a big part in that. Two things that annoyed me to no end, the music was horrible and the tables aren't high enough. I know this may seem insignificant but try eating while slouched over the entire time, and the music had me feeling like I was in a department store dressing room. Service was excellent, but there were just as many wait staff as there were customers so getting bad service would have been difficult. Maybe they could decrease their prices by decreasing the amount of employees a bit. All in all, this was my first visit and will most likely be my last. Much better breakfast options nearby.The food was awesome and our server Austin was also great. Would defently love to come back.Well the overall service was meek.  We waited to be seated for 5 minutes.  Then it took another few minutes to be approached by a wait staff.  But kicker was the two people that were seated next to us were not approached for 10 minutes.  When we pointed it out to a waiter that was chatting with a customer he looked at us like we had three heads and still didn't acknowledge the customers.  Food was ok.  Not sure if I would go back.It's our first time to eat here and as always they're always busy during weekend brunch and there's a 30 minutes waiting time for a table so we decided to sit at the bar. We had crawfish skillet which is delicious and flavorful  and I asked for sunny side up eggs instead of scrambled because I like the gooey yolk. But the highlight was the crab cake benedict it was divine, plenty of crabmeat that you can definitely taste and the savory sauce on top compliments the crab cake really well. I also had grits and bacon on the side and hash brown potatoes which are all very tasty. The long wait time can be a turn off to some customers but if you're willing to sit on the bar with a friendly service go do it. We will definitely be back and try their other stuff on the menu. Mmmhmm!We went here this morning for breakfast/brunch.  We were seated immediately and our server came over for drinks shortly after.  We came here because my husband saw online that they had gluten free pancakes, and they didn't disappoint!  He had the cinnamon roll French toast without bananas foster sauce, and said "it was the first time I've had this before, and they're pretty good!".  The coffee was delicious, as was the fresh squeezed oj.  Price was pretty reasonable, maybe a bit on the high side but  worth it for going somewhere where I can accommodate my dietary restrictions with no issues.I am a huge fan of Another broken Egg, The food is impressive and there is outdoor seating and the building is beautiful old NOLA style new. The kids menu is fantastic and they give crayons and a worksheet that both young and old can enjoy. I am a huge Chorizo lover and it is on the menu! So happy to have them!By far the best massaged kale salad I've ever had. The dressing was on point and the salmon was cooked perfectly. I've came here twice and not disappointed!!Had this for the first time when I was in Florida. Have to say glad NOLA is just as great. Great food and the ppl are always so nice. It's my once a week placeSlow food for 4 people, service average. Nothing to write home about. Half the food delivered. HmmmFood was good and service was excellent. We had Michelle and she took us all in stride with changing orders around and one of our groups sense of humor. The omelets are really good, unfortunately the breakfast potatoes are deep fried so I couldn't eat them. 
Show up before 9 on the weekend and you will get a table no problem. We will definitely be back!There are a few places that actually do breakfast right. This is one of them! Food is top-notch. If you go on a Sunday, be sure to call ahead for seating because it can get packed relatively quick. Calling ahead is advised as well if you're ordering take-out. Seems to be a pretty neat spot for kids and family sized groups but no larger than about 10 people.We won't be going back. 
Everything on our order was wrong. My breakfast partner had ordered a turkey and brie sandwich that was really greasy ham and brie by the time it was "served," then they disputed that the ham was ham, "oh no, that's turkey" until they decided that it really was ham after all. My over hard eggs were running all over the plate and my extra cream cheese to go with my smoked salmon didn't exist. 
When I say this was "served" it's really  a misnomer. Someone who works for the restaurant, not our server, brought this stuff out of the kitchen and tossed it on the table and ran away. I never had time to see who it was. She (I think it was a she, I never got a good look) had no inclination to see if the order was correct, or if it was even our order. Just toss and run. I had to go hunt down someone to complain that it wasn't what we ordered. 
They eventually remade both our meals. But they took so long to remake my breakfast partner's sandwich, that I was through eating and he had lost his appetite. We took it to go and gave it to someone on the street. They offered the meal free, but we just wanted to pay and leave. Then their credit processing system went down. After waiting an additional 15 minutes at the table we left a tip for the server and left.
This was not our first visit, at the best of times it was not much better than average.The service was excellent and the food was amazing.  I can't wait to go back.  I'm upset that I waited so long to visit here but I'll be bringing my next friend that visits here too.NOT CLEAN:  First time there today and I sat at the bar. The servers were rolling silverware and one kept dropping pieces on floor. I pointed this out and she said. " ok " but kept rolling the dirty utensils. Pretty sure I nor any other customers eat off the floor.  Will not go back and will advise my friends to avoid .I have been to this restaurant before outside of Louisiana and I liked it a lot. Knowing it originated in Louisiana, I thought this would be even better. The service was slow, waitstaff was forgetful, and the quality of the food was mediocre and not what I would expect from breakfast food in New Orleans. Despite this being down the street (walking distance) from my house, I don't think I would come here again. 
I ordered the lobster Brie omelet, which barely had shreds of lobster plus a small, hard square of Brie with the rind on it on top. It was a greasy, dense omelet. Not good at all.New facility with what looks like a curb you have to go over to get in the parking lot.  Nice people working there and but everything else is for show.  The Popeyes was over cooked ugly, salty eggs and spinach.  The English muffin was limp and I toasted.  I liked the potatoes. Beginets were dense, but okay.  The dipping sauce tasted like uber sweet marmalade.  Chicory coffee was okay.  My husband had Lakeview scrambled which were ugly overcooked eggs, but he said they tasted okay.  Overall, I felt like I tore up $40 and threw it in the trash.  Oh, did I mention the quarter size chip out of my plate?  Bacteria grows in chips and cracks.Consistent delicious brunch on Sundays. This is my 4th time visiting and the food is tasty. Service is hit or miss. But don't let that discourage you. The restaurant is made from an old house with intimate comfortable seating. Try the city grits, any of the flavored mimosas, and pancakes. The special sauce on top of the chicken and waffles is epic.....it's worth a visit. All they're missing is a bottomless mimosas deal.it can be Very crowded on weekends, I try to go when it's less crowded. The service is great and the food is delicious! The smoked salmon Benny is delectable.  ive never had anything bad from this place. the prices are reasonable for the quality. Probably one of my favorite breakfast spots in the cityThe house grits are to die for!  I could eat them every day.  Great service and really nice to sit on the porch for breakfast.Definitely not as good as the northshore location. Cute place but for New Orleans the food was on the same level as ihop or sizzlers. Also the service was poor. My waiter actually burped when he brought the bill to me. I won't be coming back especially since there ate way better places in NOLA.So, you're gonna have to wait. That should tell ya something. I was pleasantly surprised with this place. Although parking is scarce and the wait is generally long, it's worth it. It's cute too. I wouldn't say the staff is amazing or anything, but if ya want a good breakfast and have a little patience, check this place out. Or don't... I'll take that table that you would have sat at.What a disappointment. After my children and I waited for 45 minutes to be seated, our waitress was rude and the food was really, really bad. Like really bad. Mind you I have young kids so it's not like this was difficult stuff, but some how a grilled cheese sandwich and pancakes were gross looking and my scrambled eggs were not cooked all the way. I like this location because it's close to my office but there are too many other places to chose from. Won't be back.Good concepts poor execution. 
Had the Chez B omelet. The onions were burnt. The biscuit was good. The side of Mediterranean potatoes we also burnt! The onions in them were also burnt!! Not sure who's coking the food. But there's no quality control. 
The service isn't bad. But based on the quality of food. Won't return!!
Also despite there being many open seats in the front of restaurant. My husband n I were seated in the back in a smaller room. We didn't mind until another black couple came also. I took a walk to the restroom  to notice only whites seated in the front and a fair skinned black family. 
After almost finishing breakfast.  We noticed a young Asian couple coming in the area. But quickly leaving. We thought they left. But they were seated in the front.   The $33 bill really pissed me off cuz I barely ate the inedible food!!!Wait time for the meal was pretty lengthy, The food was cool... Not to bad but the waitress wasn't too pleasant.I love crab!!!! And they give me my crab!!!! As many times as I've been can't believe I've never done a review. I have been to the one in lakeview, magazine street AND Pensacola, Florida. I always get the crabcake cavallo, subbed out with regular hollandaise and my eggs fried hard. Top it off with a couple of mimosas and I'm a happy woman. Always great service!!! Reasonably priced!We had heard many things about this place so it was time to give it a try... and we were not disappointed. We sat down quickly, were waited on quickly, and had our food come out quickly. Our waitress gave us incredible service, and two other employees checked on us to make sure we were doing alright. The staff were very attentive and we were happy to see that after reading some of the reviews. 
Our food was excellent. We had the Popeye's Scramble and the Traditional breakfast. Neither one of us can tolerate a greasy meal but took our chances on the breakfast potatoes. Soooo good! Crispy and flavorful without leaving the plate full of grease. Everything we ordered came out just as we special ordered it, tasted better than we expected, and was plated nice and neat.
The ambience was very enjoyable. Sometimes restaurants have too much "flair". It feels like they are trying to hard. This place had just the right amount. 
We will definitely go back.I went to The broken egg to spend Mother's Day brunch. It was my first visit to the restaurant and I must say The wait was long but it was worth it. The food was outstanding, the service was welcoming, and it is decently priced. The manger even took the time to stop by and make sure all of needs were met. I'll be back again for sure.Absolutely delicious!!! Not just your average breakfast place. I had the pancake trio which gives you the opportunity to try three different pancake flavors. I tried mixed berry, peach cobbler & lemon berry.....Yummy. My daughter had the cinnamon roll French toast. Of course I had to taste it.... yummy. The only thing is that this place is so popular, the wait can be lengthy. But there's a solution to that. You can join the waiting list right here on yelp!! We did it & it worked out perfectly. We will definitely be returningFirst visit.  Didn't expect the wait on a Friday at 10am, but it says something about the place.  The delivery time for drink order could be better.  Excuse was hostess and bartender out.  Maybe I'm impatient,  but it shouldn't take 40 min for a side order of grits and a side of biscuits and gravy some bacon and sausage.  Maybe just a short staff day but not a good first impression.Most amazing Banana Fosters waffles... Looking for a great brunch spot? Look no more! This place does get a bit crowded but the flow of service has improved tremendously!!! Gina - new manager orchestrates the entire operations with ease and grace. Even with the morning rush... She still checks every aspect of the service flow - bussing tables ... Filling drinks and greeting everyone. Their team really flows well. The food is amazing ... I'll be back again for sure!I am writing this review because I recently visited another broken egg on Harrison in New Orleans. I ordered the crab stack and it was impeccable. The andouille in the butter champagne sauce  and the garlic bread  plus the crab cake and grit cake were beyond my liking. It was amazing! Next time I go to a broken egg cafe anywhere else I will ask for extra sauce though. Elizabeth's service was perfection. Refills on time, explained the meals she enjoyed very well which led me to choose one of her fav's the crab stack. It was an excellent choice. She was prompt friendly smiled a lot and I received splendid service from her waiting on me. Thank you another broken egg for your services. The owner should be proud.HALLELUJAH!
This place! YUM! My boyfriend had been here a few times and I had never, so one lazy morning lying in bed we decided to grab brunch because it was a rare beautiful late winter day. 
My only gripes are that is was one of those "lets maximize on space and place tables EVERYWHERE" type restaurants. Still, it was comfortable enough for my boyfriend and I to dine in. The Hosts are also blonde dumb about wait times which I don't necessarily blame on them. They quote you 15-20 minutes and its accurate but you wait longer and its because the patrons are in the lakeview area and linger at their table well after finishing meals. We sat next to a group who were eating when we arrived and when we finally sat 30 minutes later they were chit chatting about EVERYTHING up until we were served food which took another 20 minutes. The server was a bit frustrated but super nice in not rushing them so I guess that's some thing to consider. People think late breakfast means take in the ambiance. Still, the Hosts need to give more accurate wait times.
I ordered the Cinnamon French Toast with fresh fruit. 
PEOPLE  LET ME TELL YOU BOUT' MY BEST FRIEND !!
It's an over-sized cinnamon roll sliced into 3 halves horizontal, dipped in french toast batter, pan cooked, and the syrup is a mixture of cinnamon frosting and syrup.
This was the best thing I'd ever had in my entire Breakfast life! My BF insisted that I order it and I damn near proposed to him after eating it. It was SO FREAKING GOOD. 
He had the full breakfast platter and I wound up eating off his plate. I was willing to go to war over his eggs and pancakes.
This place is at the top of NOLA's best Breakfast/ Brunch places. Def try out this location and the one on magazine.Service was awful.  My wife and I went there for lunch one day.  We order a cinnamon roll to start.  When it finally came out it was hard as a brick.  We sent it back.  When our sandwiches came out we had to ask for our sides.  I had order a side of grits, which I never got.  Our sandwiches tasted okay.Would have 5 stars if it weren't for the lack of seating space. Had I brought my family of 5, there would have been an extended wait time. The quality of food is great and the Bloody Mary was well prepared. If you're on a diet counting calories, make a u-turn lol!Okay, I wanted to give this place a fair shake and so I didn't review it after my first visit. My adult daughter and I went again this past weekend and the food is just meh. The first visit, we both ordered the Eggs Benedict. Nothing in the menu description stated that the hollandaise sauce would be saturated with lemon juice so we were a little taken aback by the strong (overwhelming) lemon taste which completely ruined what would have been a decent eggs benedict. Service was friendly and good but when we asked the waiter about the strong lemon taste he said it was probably a new prep person and they may have used too much. Fair enough, we decided to wait a few weeks and try it again. The most recent visit, I opted for the regular eggs, bacon and English muffin. Eggs were okay, English muffin was okay bacon was limp and cold. I could make better at home and I've had better at Denny's so as cute as this place is and the friendly service we've received both visits, I don't believe I'd be in a hurry to head back there.We have been eating here on and off for over 3 years. Never really had an issue until today. Holiday blues maybe??? Our server seemed to have a bit of an attitude. He put one of our orders in wrong and took no responsibility for it and basically just told a manager that we said it wrong. Ummm dude? Ordering the Lucy omelet with no sides, is as simple as it gets. Waiting 10 mins for it while the rest of us eat isn't enjoyable. Having the manager come up and not apologize is even worse. The fact we had out of town family with us and we recommended this place for breakfast , just makes us look stupid. I doubt we will return anytime soon.I know this is a chain but I really liked it. We were greeted and seated immediately. My food was delicious. I ordered lox benedict(not sure of the name) but it was so tasty. I thought the service was good but the server never told us that refills on coffee and tea were charged again. I didn't complain or ask for my money back but instead told the manager it would be nice if employees explained this. She was super nice and talked to me for about 5 minutes. I felt the way she handled everything was top notch. I'll definitely go back there for breakfast.I love the food and services but was a little disappointed that the "join the waitlist" isn't working from the yelp app. I hope that the restaurant can fix this for any future yelpers who may try to use this function. Once we alerted the hostess she was able to slide us right in so we didn't have to wait. Great food, great customer service!I have been wanting to try this place for a while and I was really hoping to love it. We went for Sunday brunch. Our server was professional, but the service was slow. It took forty minutes to get our food, which was basic (omelets). The potatoes were tepid, at best. There are so many great places to eat breakfast around here, I would move on to the next place.Great food! Great service! Finally a decent food experience in NOLA. My waiter took great care if us with vegetarian options. Highly recommend this place.Great food in a laid back environment. Service was quick and friendly. Manager touched the table and was present on the floor. Definitely coming back!Visiting back home for the holidays and ate here for the first time. The food was excellent! We are the Supreme Omelette, cinnamon roll, and grits. Everything was excellent.  I especially loves the potatoes that came with the omelette. Our server was Chris and he was wonderful. He was attentive and friendly.  Would recommend others to come and will be back!Service is slow.  1 bartender on a sunday brunch service caused a backlog of drink orders for her.  We waited 20mins at the bar while waiting for a table, before we were able to order a drink.
Parking is difficult.  
Large menu with more than standard breakfast options.
City Grits are delish.  Cinnamon french toast is heaven on a plate. 
There are limited options in Lakeview for sit down brunch so this place stays busy. Expect to wait.  With that said, there are other options not too far (Midcity or Metairie).  I would probably try another place before I go here again on a Sunday.Walk in and asked to be seated outside. Was first told "no more seating outside" .... we walked past five open tables outside... then we were told "I see one, I just need to clean it off" go to bathroom and see the a$&hat who drives a lifted tonka truck who is deff compensating for something who walked in behind us get seated inside and then they get moved to an open table outside. How do you tell someone one thing and go do the opposite?!?!  Was it because we had walked in wearing workout attire because we plan on going to the beautiful park and walking around afterwards if so we got judged based off appearance?!? That's not right.The location is adorable, but it was quite busy, and the service definitely suffered. We were violently trying to signal our waitress to get refills or coffee and tea.
The only sausage patty they had was a charred brown rock called turkey (BLASPHEMY). The eggs were dry and amorphous, like they scrambled them all at once for the entire restaurant. I didn't particularly enjoy my pancakes - no good pancake qualities, such as fluffy or buttery.
The grits I ordered as an appetizer were delicious, though. I would not returnCame in for the day for breakfast site seeing and lunch. Food here was amazing, great breakfast experience!!The food is great here. Every time me and my kids have come we have found something different on the menu and everything has been absolutely delicious. The only two downfalls (which is out of their control), is not enough parking, and long waits on the weekend...but as a business owner, I understand it from both angles, this is a good problem, it means there are a lot of people coming to see you and that people are willing to wait for your food!!Wait was 45 mins but service was great and yummy food. My daughter got the fanciest chocolate milk ever.The menu look good but the plating was gross.  My omelet was missing an egg an ingredients; Too much chorizo and dirty utensils and coffee cup made glad I was served water. It was very crowded, I don't understand how these people can enjoy this. This is probably an all time worst review, Im sorry but Im sick.If the name of your restaurant is "Another Broken Egg," your kitchen staff should actually know how to cook eggs.
I'm an egg fiend. Poached, scrambled, fried, chicken eggs, quail eggs, fish eggs. I loves me some eggs! Thus, I've ordered Eggs Benedict here several times &, with one exception, the eggs were beaucoup undercooked. When I order a poached egg, I don't expect to get an egg that is raw everywhere but the outside so that a cascade of gelatinous white goo oozes all over my plate when I hit it with the knife & fork. Runny yolks, cooked whites.  That's how a poached egg is supposed to be served.  But good luck with that! When you send them back, you get eggs so hard, you could use them as paperweights.
Ordering eggs over medium here is no different. The one time I tried that, I ended up telling our server to just forget the eggs after the second attempt. Fortunately, it was in the afternoon & they do have a delicious chicken quesadilla to fall back on.
The service here is also extremely hit & miss. We've never had any problems with the hosts or hostesses & the young man who waited on us during the Over Medium Fiasco was as sweet as he could be. But on one breakfast visit, we saw our waitress when she took our order & when she brought the check. Since we never saw her again, we asked a neighboring waitress to help us & she did. So we tipped her at the end of the meal instead of the waitress actually assigned to our table.
These problems are a shame because, in a Victorian house, the place is cute as hell, only a 5 minute drive from my home &, as I said, I love eggs. But the frustration of knowing I'll have to repeatedly send my egg dish back until it's cooked properly isn't worth my return.Never again horrible experience. I came here once about a year ago we were a party of three & one of us got our food after the others were already done the waiter said he forgot. So we tried again yesterday waited about 30 minutes for a table, we finally sat down & ordered simple eggs with biscuit & gravy we waited & waited & waited after an hour we decided to tell them we could not wait anymore the waitress said they had run out of eggs & had to go buy some. You have go to be kidding me with a name like Another Broken Egg you run out of eggs. They could have told us when we ordered & not made us sit & wait one hour they could have offered us to change our order in the first place. So we wasted an hour & a half of our day due to the lack of customer care. Don't waste your time the food is mediocre at best.This was the first restaurant we went to, straight off of our flight into New Orleans. We sat outside, on a Friday morning. They didn't seem to mind our suitcases we had with us. The food was ahhhh-mazing. Ordered everything from fried chicken Benedict, huevos rancheros to the shrimp and grits. The drinks were a little pricey for the size. The mimosas were small and weak for $10. The ice coffees were yummy, but small. The nutella iced coffee even comes with bacon on top. My cousin said the fried chicken wasn't very flavorful, but the presentation was attractive. The huevos rancheros come with a hardened tortilla, like a large chip. The service was wonderful, true southern hospitality!The service sucks. Went today at. 11:30 sat on porch open seating waited for someone to bring menu then waited another 10 mins for server to come take order got our drink order left got those but didn't take our order. We waited another 15 mins then walked out. We did leave money for the drinks. Two other table sat outside and 2 different servers came out to help them and another server was cleaning tables around us and didn't even ask if we had been waited on. It should not be my job to ask for a server to come help take my order. There are way too many restaurant in this city that want my business. I didn't even want to give one start but you have to in order to post a reviewSo we tried this place on a Sunday Morning and it was a bit crowded, so we decided to make it to go and we enjoyed it on the lake. We ordered the Shrimp and Grits and the City Grits and they were both GREAT. The shrimp n grits were cheesy you can tell by the pictures. The City Grits were just a good or even better. They should try placing the shrimp on the city grits instead of regular grits. We don't know how the table service was, but the take out was quick and just as delicious, even better on the steps of Ponchartrain Lake. This is a great spot for just about anything, there was outdoor seating. We'll be back.
City Grits:
Creamy southern grits, roasted garlic, onions & smoked Gouda cheese, topped with baked bacon, tomatoes & green onions
Shrimp 'n Grits: 
Shrimp & Andouille sauté with red peppers & onions in a spicy TABASCO ® low reduction, served on creamy cheese grits with garlic French breadI recently came here for brunch. Boy was I impressed. I visit NOLA quite often, and soon I will be a resident. My entire family and all my friends live in NOLA. Anyway, this restaurant is awesome. It started with me and my husband calling to get on the wait. Waited just a little bit, and we decided to sit at the bar. We were greeted by the friendliest bartender I have met in New Orleans. Chris, kept us laughing all through brunch. He suggested the lemon sparkler drink to me and the cafe Saint Charles to my husband. He left us no choice but to try the Brie waffle (which is normally an entree) as our appetizer. It was amazing. We ordered a steak and eggs dish and a crab cake Benedict that Chris said was his favorite. Was not let down one bit, all the food was so good. We will definitely be back. It was a bit crowded and kind of hot inside, but the food and service made up for it. The manager came by and asked if things were okay, she was cute and very friendly. Keep up the great work Broken Egg! When we come to live here permanently we will definitely be regulars... And ask for Chris!Another bad server with a slurry of bad jokes. My wife and I came in for breakfast and left abruptly after the server decided to spew insults in an attempt to be funny or be a jackass. He successfully accomplished the latter.
After my wife requested to be moved to another table the server began his verbal onslaught. In doing so he tells her she needs to have self control. No just don't ever tell someone's wife she needs self control. By this point the damage was done he had already crossed the line, but still he persisted. He ended his act with saying maybe you would like a shot of happiness.  
I mustered every ounce of self control when speaking with the manager, but I was still blinded by red. The manager did listen and attempted to offer restitution. Sadly, any form of compensation was far too late.
We frequented this location and have no intentions of ever returning.First time at this location and I'm beyond disappointed.  Waited 35 min for a table, which is fine (and I do dig that they use the Nowait app) but after sitting outside for 35 minutes I really wanted a glass of water and a cool environment.   The restaurant was pretty warm, which made the sticky floors even
 worse.  We were seated for almost 10 minutes before our waitress showed up to take a drink order.  I know this because  I started timing it after 5 minutes. She explained she was in the back rolling silverware because they were all out.  So we sat hot and thirsty so other people could  get silverware?! Drinks arrived in decent time but for the record, their bloody Mary's are weak.  We ordered a cinnamon bun, steak and eggs cooked medium rare and the Belgium waffle with brie, apples and nuts in an orange sauce.  While waiting for food our waitress walked by three times without asking how we were doing and ignoring the empty glasses on the table.   Cinnamon roll was extremely dry, which was a problem because we had no beverages to wash it down with.   Well, except for the weak and not tasty bloody Mary.  When food finally did arrive, the steak and eggs was cold and the steak was way over cooked.  How do you manage to serve overcooked steak that is cold?! That's a special level of crap service.  The Belgium waffle looked like crap, with some of the brie melted  some of it not, and no orange sauce in sight.  We requested the manager who apologized and gave us four coupons for free meals but by this point we were just done.  I would have given them no stars if that was a choice.  I enjoy the other location, so it was very disappointing that breakfast today was ruined.Though the waiter was very apologetic, the kitchen manager came out with only one of our meals (which was cold), and asked if we wanted a plate to share. We responded that we had another plate coming. He said "Yeah, about that...we tried to make it twice and it didnt come out to our liking, can I get you something else?"...after an hour waiting on our order. 
Now Im next door at Koz's waiting on chicken fingers for breakfast so I can eat before work. 
Third time trying Another Broken Yolk...don't waste your day.Quickly seated....however took some time to get our food...and it was cold.  Guy kept coming up to our server telling him he had food setting that needed to be served.  Finally someone else brought our food.  Daughter never received her fruit.  During the wait we notice a server cleaning a table....dropped the towel to the floor....walked away....came back several minutes later and picked up from the floor and cleaned the table!  Coffee and bacon was very good.We went to Another Broken Egg around 12:30 on a Sunday afternoon. They told us the wait time would be approx. 45 minutes. After 45 minutes we came to check our spot in line. They said it would be another 10 minutes which quickly turned into another 30 minutes. 
So after a 1hour15minute wait, we finally received our table. We could clearly see that the whole restaurant was disorganized. The food was only average. We will not be going to this location again.
If you want to try this restaurant out, I would recommend trying the one on Magazine street. Our experience there was fantastic.This place was seriously amazing. We wanted to go to a chill, local breakfast place and this was it. They had the best bloody mary I had in New Orleans at the time. I was craving biscuits and gravy, and again, best biscuits and gravy I had in New Orleans (and I got them more than a few times during my week there...). 
The atmosphere is cozy, its a family restaurant. They had plenty of tables and the place was pretty open. You get a lot of space. We were told we had to wait 20 twenty minutes and was seated in 10. I can appreciate that.Great breakfast spot! Stumbled upon this while shopping on Harrison! Server Jason was awesome! Will be back!First off the decor is amazing, the wait wasn't long at all. The atmosphere resembles a country cabin. We ordered the Cajun skillet and the shrimp and grits and let's just say PHENOMENAL! The waitress was slinging racist subliminal shots tho , "we have fried chicken today" "you need hot sauce" "we have a watermelon sangria" besides the waitress awkwardness I give this place a 10/10. DELISH!We had a great experience here! The space is large, clean, and very comfortable. The decor is very modern and friendly. The menu is large and was a little overwhelming, but everything that we ordered was great!
We ordered the classic breakfast, huevos rancheros, the quinoa and granola, and the Chez B omelet. All portions were large and filling. They were cooked perfectly! The service was prompt and friendly. The prices were very fair for the quantity and quality of the food. 
Breakfast is breakfast for the most part, but a lot of places mess it up pretty frequently. These guys know what's up with breakfast!Been to this new location twice so far and both times food was pretty good, served hot with good presentation. Menu is varied and has something for everyone. The problem with this place is the service. The girl that waited on us the second time we went was terrible. Had to be reminded to bring things and just left us feeling overall like she couldn't be bothered. A sign telling people to "seat themselves" would be nice, as employees just look at you when you come in. If you see the other reviews for this place you'll see these types of comments over and over. I'm hoping things get better, as everything else about the place is ok.I highly recommend the shrimp and grits or The Lucy breakfast omelet.  The menu is very diverse and has options for anyone, as well as a full bar.  When the weather permits, definitely sit outside on the charming porch.Had the best brunch today at one of my favorite spots..The service was awesome from the time we entered the door.. Jason was an awesome waiter and had great knowledge of the menu... atmosphere is always great and they make u feel like you are at home..Okay. So I love the food! And the porch!  I have been here 4 times. I live three blocks away. The shrimp and grits are THE best I've ever had and I grew up in the South. Why three stars? Well, I have to say that the service is just really lacking. Not the regular service with attitude we are used to in NOLA but just lacking in personality and SLOW. I don't expect perfection. I promise. That expectation has been beat out of me since I've been here (14 years now). It's seriously lacking. If they could fix that then it would be a near perfect place. Oh, and the chairs inside are a bit uncomfortable. Each time was a different server. I'm not sure if they understaff or if they triple seat the poor people but whatever it is it needs to be assessed. Until then I'll be ordering food to go.I give this place 5 stars and more,  the food is amazing,  service is impeccable, prices are good.  
I give a excellent review to our waitress Alaina she was awesome.  Not only knowledgeable, but truly cares for her customers.  Her positive attitude and outlook surpasses anything I have experience in a restaurantStopped by for a quick lunch with my husband as we were looking for somewhere near City Park. We sat on the porch which was pleasant and the service was very good. I ordered the decadent sounding lobster and Brie omelet at that was approved by the waitress and my husband had the burger with bacon and cheese. Both came with crispy square Brabant style hash browns which were good. My omelet was yummy with a surprising amount of lobster. It also came with your choice of bread and I chose the English muffin. My husband was pleased with his burger. Overall, a really nice place for lunch as well as breakfast with options for those who aren't up for eggs and lots of brunch type options for those of us anytime breakfast lovers. I will definitely go back.Slow and overpriced. The mediterranean potatoes, which used to be their best item, was taken off the menu. The food is tasty, but not in the top 10 breakfast places in uber competitive New Orleans.I could wish I can give it zero stars, I honestly do. This is my first time at this establishment. I've been to others and the service was superb but at this place I don't know what's going on. From the time me and my boy sat down, no one approached us. Not even for a drink order. I understand that we came in at a busy time but it was no excuse. The service was that bad that the lovely old ladies next to us stop one of the waiters to notify him that we've been sitting down for a little over 30 minutes. Yes, 30 minutes and I'm not even exaggerating. I did not wanted to say anything to the waiter or staff because I wanted to see what he or the staff was going to do. After a couple minutes the waiter approached us and apologize as he said that the table we were sitting at was originally his table. This is my first time here but I will give it another try at this establishment and see how it goes.I'm so disappointed with the service and food here. It's so convenient to my work that's its almost impossible not to come here. But I will not anymore.  This is the third time my (our) order is wrong and when we tell the manager she has an attitude. Its not our fault the order is wrong its the waitress fault. Once again very disappointed.They serve a hearty breakfast and because they're quaintly situated on the corner of a quiet Harrison Ave neighborhood, this place makes for a nice brunch spot. But that's its biggest downfall too, because it gets packed with every arrogant, annoying twat from the Lakeview area. My biggest complaint is that the staff is super slow. Some of the waiters just plain suck. And they always have a long line on the weekends. That said, if you have Ghandi's patience, and you're willing to wait, then prepare to have your taste buds rewarded and refreshed because they have a very nutritious menu that is also very tasty. Their brunch alcoholic cocktails don't disappoint either. Cheers!I love everything I've ever had from here. There is often a wait, but it's worth it. Everything I've ever tried has been better than I expected. Their smoked salmon dishes are very good. The pancakes are awesome! I seriously love the food here.2nd chances are nice.  We learned that calling ahead helps to get seated sooner.  New menu since last visit, interesting new additions. A pleasant Saturday morning,  since we had the puppy we sat on the front porch, which is reminiscent of front porches of old NOLA.  The lemon blueberry goat cheese pancakes...YUM.  Wife had Salmon Benidect,  I got 1 taste.  That says something.  Matt, our waiter, was great.  The right amount of attentive.   All in all a great experience and a wonderful start to a lazy New Orleans summer Saturday.Love the Harrison area. I went to Another Broken Egg Cafe to write and, of course, to eat breakfast at 3 pm-outside! Chris, my server went above & beyond to chill my beer to accommodate my outdoor seating request. Thank you!!Ms. Cat, what can I say besides she has a beautiful soul, wonderful bubbly personality. Everyone, is so welcoming as soon as u walk through the door. Ms. Cat is soooo funny and she song happy birthday ( 50 cent song) to my boyfriend . I definitely will be dining again and again.First, I would like to say the servers and staff were absolutely friendly and attentive.  However, I was not blown away by the food.  I WANTED to be, but I just wasn't.  I had the veggie burger, which was pretty bland and the potatoes really seemed like Ora Ida frozen potatoes.  I know they just opened, so maybe they are still getting things together.  My two dining companions were not impressed either.  Perhaps we all ordered the wrong thing.  The Brie appetizer looks awesome!  Hopefully I can update this review with a better one next time.  However, I just don't know if I'd go again...  But again, I want to emphasize the staff was very very kind!The wait for a table was 45-60minutes which was fine because it was a Sunday and that was to be expected. After waiting for upwards of an hour and a half we FINALLY got our table. We were seated in the separate dining area right  across from the kitchen, so my view was of the workers washing dishes. I wish there was a door or some type of cover so that the people dining don't have a view of the worker scraping food off of plates. So, the waitress finally came over to get our drink orders. She didn't introduce herself so I wouldn't know her name. I asked her if they had any sugar free beverages she said no so I just ordered a water with lemon. We finally got around to ordering our food and I asked her a question about a item on the menu and she had no answer. I ordered the coconut and orange infused quinoa with granola,mango,apple,blackberries, and watermelon topped with toasted coconut and a coconut drizzle it came with egg whites and turkey sausage. I asked for the toasted coconut and the drizzle to be on the side but they brought it out with both on top. So I let the server that brought it out know that it was wrong. So I finally get the correct food and the granola and the fruit was ok except for the mango. The mango was bitter and not ripe at all. You could definitely tell that it wasn't ripe just by looking at it so I don't know why the chef would send something out like that. The quinoa was ok but I didn't get any note of coconut or orange. The eggs and turkey sausage was good. I tried to let the waitress know about the mango but after she took our order we didn't see her until it was time for the bill. Another person brought our food out. My dad had the crab cake benedict and he said it was ok but the crab cake didn't seem to have much crab. My mom had a spinach scramble and she said it was pretty good. Our server finally came to the table after we've been sitting the for like 15 minutes waiting. I tried to tell her about the mango but when she came she just asked if we wanted the check and left. She didn't come to the table to check on us or to see if we needed anything throughout us dining. I understand the restaurant was busy but I've been to similar places that was just as busy and still received awesome service.
Overall this place is not what I thought it would be. I definitely won't be back because the service is horrible and the food suck. New Orleans is a food meca and there are plenty of places that have better food and service even when they are busy. Save you appetite and time and go somewhere else.Our oven is being replaced so unable to make breakfast this morning. Girlfriend decides to pick up from here. She got me the Supreme Omelet (bacon, sausage, cheese). Hrm. All of the inside ingredients are burnt to a crisp. Inedible. She requested no carb items; fresh fruit was the only option (pineapple, cantaloup, honeydew, grapes). My container still contained fried potatoes and an english muffin.  No banana slices? Strawberries? Anyways, her breakfast was eggs benedict. The giant, thick, slab-o-ham was off-putting; still had the rind. The sauce was bland. Muffin was tough. Egg was cooked OK.
We've been to several other "Broken Eggs", including one in Denver, and this location does not come up to par. Certainly not worth the $35 we paid for 2 breakfast meals. "Eek. Methinks not" accurately describes our first experience at this location.Unbelievable food and unique food choices. Hostess Paisley and our server Cat were exceptional. I would highly recommend this restaurant when in the New Orleans area.This place was ok. The atmosphere was great although a little loud. Food came out nice and quick. I ordered the crab cake Benedict. It was ok although the crab cake needed more seasoning. I'd probably go here again, but I plan to try something different before giving it another star. There is literally no parking so be prepared to walk.The lobster and Brie is excellent and I love the way they cook their potatoes. Do NOT order anything with the hollandaise sauce though unless you want to taste pure lemon. I ordered the eggs Benedict the first time I went here and all I could taste was lemon. Not a good first experience. But I have it a second try and ordered the lobster and Brie instead after sampling the hollandaise sauce again to make sure it was not just a mistake. They drown the hollandaise sauce in lemon and it just doesn't taste good. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.amazing food! veggie omelette was outstanding. my daughter Loved the blackberry grits!Excellent food and service! Staff was friendly and very accommodating. I'd recommend this place to any visitors.I go out for breakfast alot.     I thought this was a nice surprize with a great benedict menu.  I had benedict oscar because I asked the waitress what her fave thing was.   Really delightful and rich.    couldn't eat it all in one sitting.  Other Items that were ordered also were great.    breakfast scramble with tortillas  YUM.  We had a birthday girl at the table and beignets came out at the end for a birthday wish!   
I am adding you to my fave breakfast spots....   which I do frequently.
thanks for starting my day with a benedict and a smile.Went here for brunch with my sister today! Service was impeccable. We were seated promptly and were able to order pretty quickly. Staff were engaged. Food was amazing! My sister had an omelette and home fries & I ordered chicken and waffles. The mimosas were delicious as well.I've been to another broken egg several times in Atlanta. This is my first time coming to this location and it was good. Good was good Ol' Southern cooking. I had the Chicken and waffles. Not the best but I was satisfied. The service was ok.I had actually planned to go to the yogurt place next door but ended up in this parking lot.  I was hungry and decided to look up the menu and everything liked good so i decided I'd give it a try.   I sure wasn't disappointed! 
 They have a great menu of sweet and savory items. Of course my sweet tooth took over.  I couldn't decide between the peach cobbler pancakes,  banana foster pancakes,  and churro French toast which is a limited time item.   I went with the churros... it was DELICIOUS!! cinnamon,  sugar,  and a caramel drizzle, they didn't even need syrup.  I went I  the middle of the week in the middle of the afternoon so it wasn't crowded.   Everyone was nice,  I'm definitely going back again,  there's so much i want to try on their menu!Loved it. Delicious breakfast. Clean & nicely decorated but with a laid back feel. Wonderful service.So, I came to eat breakfast after church on Sunday. I was glad to see that Yelp offered me the opportunity to get on the waiting list in advance of my arrival. Score!
The bad news is their poor timing and triage of their tables and bar area. The waitlist was 45-90 minutes when I arrived and the line to check-in was VERY LONG. Incidentally, there were several open (and clean) tables, with no patrons. 
First: The bar area is supposed to be 1st come/1st served for people to eat. However, I noticed that there were three people just having drinks and not eating. After waiting 30 minutes, I asked the person in charge of the waitlist about the folks at the bar (who were clearly not eating). She said that I was correct and only those dining should be seated at the bar. She further stated that the bartender was responsible for moving guests along if they were only having drinks. Sadly, she did not approach the bartender nor the patrons. I then asked the bartender about the same three patrons. Eventually, the bartender asked the guests to move. However, they declined. At some point, more patrons were crowding out the bar and we (intentionally) commented about the 3 patrons just sucking up useful seating. They heard us and moved on. 
Second: When I sat down at the bar, the bartender took exactly 18 minutes before she wiped the food particles, waste paper or used tea bag from my area. She even laid my clean set of silverware on the un-wiped, nasty bar area, which was disgusting! I actually had to ask her to please wipe the bar before setting me up with silverware, etc. really? Eventually, another server (Josh G) kindly removed the used dishes and discarded silverware from in front of me. I asked the bartender about taking my order and she said she'd be right with me. She proceeded to make 5 drinks for other patrons. Meanwhile, I asked Josh G. to take my order and he did so quickly. 
At some point, a Manager (Lisa) apparently saw my disdain and approached me. She apologized for the issues and offered me a complimentary mimosa, which was very nice. She also checked on me a second time, which was much appreciated. 
The food was fine. Two pancakes with bacon and eggs over medium. Sadly, the eggs were nowhere near "medium" but I'd waited so long that I dare not send anything back. Truthfully, Josh G and Lisa are the reason why this review gets 3 stars (instead of 1). They were both professional and efficient and made the experience less offensive. My recommendation is for the lady bartender to undergo customer service training, with a focus on cleanliness and proper table service.Another Broken Egg Metairie location is great!! Although I'm more familiar with the Uptown location's staff. The service in Metairie was just as good, plus the parking is free and more convenient. All the food was wonderful and was brought to the table quickly after ordering.Cute Victorian house makes it feel less like a chain restaurant. Luckily, I received a coupon in the mail because it's kinda pricey. I mean for breakfast food. I had a traditional breakfast with an egg, English muffin and potatoes which tasted like fries. Fries are good. The English muffin was a little hard. The cafe' au lait was pretty good too. It was fun to stop in before work, charge my phone, eat a big breakfast and start the day. I'd recommend a visit with a family or small group for breakfast.We love this place. They have amazing food and the service is good as well. 
When they are busy. It. Is. Swamped. That's got to mean something, right? It's ALWAYS worth the wait. 
The outside seating is good as well. On a nice day of course. 
It's always a great idea to order in and then bring it home. It's ready when you get there and you don't have to wait.Second trip here. Last week was much better than today. Today it must have been over 80 degrees in there.  We asked and they said thermostat was set at 71. It was cooler outside on porch than inside. Had to ask for water twice. Food served with no silverware, had to ask for that. Since the first time we went one week ago today food was good and ac was working , we might go back but not until winter.  I don't want to be uncomfortably hot. That's not pleasant.Terrible customer service! We are visiting from Atlanta and took an Uber over to the restaurant. We checked in and the attendant said it was a 45 min wait which we were good with. We proceeded to sit down at one of the 3 open tables outside to wait. Shortly after a waiter told us we had to get up. We stood up and watched and for the next 20 minutes,  no one was ever seated at the empty tables...there were at least3 other families ahead of us that could have been seated there and eating.  There was one oarty with older people that left becuse they could not wait any longer BUT there were SEVERAL EMPTY TABLES that they would not let us wait at.the only reason we satayed was because we had to Uber there and back.Absolutely one of my favorite brunch spots! The shrimp and grits are delicious! Take my advice and try the breakfast beignets, thank me later :)This place was ok. The atmosphere was great although a little loud. Food came out nice and quick. I ordered the crab cake Benedict. It was ok although the crab cake needed more seasoning. I'd probably go here again, but I plan to try something different before giving it another star. There is literally no parking so be prepared to walk. 
Updated: I was very pleased that management reached out to me. It let me know that they actually listen to their customers. I'm very big on customer service. I plan to give it another try for just very reason. I'll update this review once I go again.Breakfast was good, little pricy for eggs.  Service and coffee was eggcellant.  I had the Hey Lucy omelette plate and hubs had some potato with various meats and egg creation and he wasn't impressed with his choice so i shared half of mine with him.  He said his was really dry.  I really enjoyed mine.  Felt like i was having a breakfast out west somewheres.  The coffees were very strong and so was the bill for breakfast.....about $36 for the two of us.  I will go back if in the hood and its not crowded.My friend and I were attacked by nats the entire time. The food was tasty but the experience ruined it for me. Oh yeah, to top it off I found a long strand of hair in my last bite! Management only gave us 5% off. Maybe they were having an off beat day...but I doubt I ever return.This place was stupid crowded on a Sunday morning but our group of 6 was told that the wait would be 15 minutes...uh, yeah, we shouldn't have believed them. As we were about to leave 75 minutes later, they finally find a table for our group. hmmmm
The porch is great. And our server was awesome. I enjoyed my bananas foster waffle (except that the bananas came out a good 10 minutes after the rest of my waffle) and I snuck potatoes off of one of my companions plate and they were yummy too. 
I'm really glad we were seated on the porch because the inside was freezing with the a/c cranked pretty high. I get that the servers are running but no need to turn the patrons into icebergs. 
The menu was varied and our group found something to make each of us happy. But between the delay and the price point (my waffle was $11 dollars with the foster sauce & bananas), I'm not sure how soon I'll be back.First and as others have stated the parking lot is small so expect to park on the street (but at least they have a parking lot).  The staff was very quick and attentive, the place is clean and attractive and you have nice views of the outside.  For those reasons I've bumped the overall rating to 3 instead of 2.  We went in for breakfast and the food was okay, we didn't have anything bad just all kind of mediocre.  Their "baked" bacon was not very crisp and a bit tough.  The waffle and pancakes were okay but lacked some flavor and came with a generic bland syrup.  With the other breakfast options nearby though I doubt we'll return here.Do not be fooled - this place cannot even cook a pancake properly, let alone an egg. Their hollandaise sauce is actually just mayonnaise. And to add insult to injury, their service is usually very bad and completely indifferent to seating you, even when there are plenty of available tabYou're better off going to Chateau at Robert E Lee and West End.All excited to dine at Another Broken Egg--after waiting 45 minutes to sit, and about another 45 to order with my rude waitress....this felt more like Another Broken Promise....who knew it took soooo long to fry up a few eggs anyway?? Pass this place up and head somewhere else--not worth it!Cute little location. Had the heuvos rancheros. Awesome. The egg was a but over cooked in my opinion. Next time i will have it scrambled. But it was still really good.Did not have a good experience here. We went for brunch and the place was slammed. After waiting about an hour we were finally sat. 
We started with the biscuit beignets which were really good, highly recommend. I ordered the Lafitte Tortilla which is a breakfast burrito with eggs and chorizo (it was terrible). My wife made a better choice and got the veggie delight omelette with egg whites which she enjoyed.
I must say the service here was pretty bad. It was so busy that it was hard to get ahold of anybody to let them know they forgot my orange juice. The kitchen must have been short staffed because the food took forever to get to us. Overall, pretty bad experience... I will never go back!This place usually has good food but beware of their lobster and Brie omelette, it is literally soaked in salt. Made me sick. The manager was also rude about fixing an order. Will not be retuning.Superior servers!! I have to do a shout out to Elena, Rock Star server.
Quick service, great food and charming atmosphere.  Specifically the biscuits and gravey were yummy. Eggs prepared perfectly, yummy seasoned potatoes, friut was fresh and the mamosas at the next table gave me drink envy.Next time, please ask whether I am done with my meal before dropping off my check. Rude! 
Slow service. I don't think their kitchen is made to handle a high volume pace. 
Food was edible, to say the least. Everything came out room temperature and we waited over 30 minutes. I don't mind waiting for good food. However, this was not the case.
Atmosphere was uncomfortable. Tables were way too close together. Flies everywhere. Super dirty carpet. Extremely humid inside.This place isn't half bad. I really enjoyed the atmosphere they have been packed both times I went but they get you seated fairly quick. Stay clear of the Mediterranean potatoes the description sounds good but I had to send them back three times. But the manager came to my table to apologize and gave me a complimentary meal ticket for my next visit. The staff are very friendly; their winning dishes would be the cinnamon roll French toast omgx10! And their lobster rolls are VERY tasty!Absolutely fantastic! The grits were the best I've ever had. Highly recommend! The service was really good and the price was just right.The worst service I have ever had at a restaurant.  Waited 10 minutes for silverware.  My breakfast was served with a biscuit that had been microwaved.  Hard as a rock.  Also it was so hot in the dining room that my husband was sweating profusely.  Never again.I love this location. Stephnie is my favorite server, she's goes the extra mile for her customers. THANK HER FOR BEING SO SWEET .Chicken and waffles, good breading on the chicken and waffles were great. Bloody Mary ( standard ) was legit.Had to wait longer than we was told. After observing the host while waiting, we realized some people was walking up and being seated right away. After the complaint, we was seated right away. The food was average. The dish description seemed delicious but taste was just ok! The Banana Fosters Pancakes was delicious!About a month ago we went to another broken egg for breakfast. It was good. The host gave us attitude but otherwise it was a fine experience. We especially liked the sweet potato pancake and the Mediterranean breakfast potatoes. So we decided to go back. This time was a completely different experience.
We walked in and were not greeted for several minutes. Finally someone came up and brought us to a little back room away from the rest of the diners. They first tried to sit us at a table for two even though with my son, we were three. I asked to move to a bigger table since there were three open bigger tables in the room. They said OK. I asked for a high chair and waited quite some time for them to bring one. Once we finally got settled we realized that there were several (think 8-10) flies in the window next to our table. Our waitress approached and asked us for our drink order I asked for water and coffee. The coffee was forgotten. She came back several minuets later to take our food order...an omelet to split with a side of Mediterranean potatoes and a sweet potato pancake to split (same as last time) she said they could split the omelet for us and give us extra sides for an additional charge. We agreed. As we sat there the flies got worse so we stopped the manager and asked to be moved. We told her about the flies and her response was "i'm working on it!". We settled into our new table and were trying to put the sour start behind us but things got worse as our food came out. First, the omelet tasted like it was cooked in the butter flavoring they have at the movie theaters for popcorn, and the onions in the potatoes were burnt to a crisp. I asked for my coffee, and the waitress brought it, then quickly took it away returning with another cup. When I asked her why she did that she said she think she saw something floating in the first one. GROSS!! I could not choke down my omelet but the pancake was still delicious so I did eat a good portion of that. We saw the manager again and told her about the burnt onions and she said "that's how they are supposed to be, tobacco onions, it's their recipe not mine". Now I grew up in the restaurant business (my parents owned a restaurant) and I know the proper response is, "I'm sorry you didn't like it, can I get you something else or remove it from the bill?" not, "Hey don't blame me!".  So we decide to get the check and get the heck out of dodge but again the waitress is nowhere to be found. Finally we stop someone and ask for our check. The waitress drops it off and disappears again. Another 10 minuets go by and we ask someone if we can please pay our bill. The guy says I cant do it but I will find your waitress and give it to her.If it hadn't been 28.00 (for a pancake and an omelet and a cup of coffee!!!!) we would have just left money on the table and left Well needless to say, she did not get a tip. I'm bummed that I wont get another sweet potato pancake but have decided even though they are good it wasn't worth all the trouble. And Surrey's has wonderful pancakes anyways.Had brunch here last week. Ordered the chocolate waffles and chicken and waffles and split them with my friend. The chocolate waffles were very good, with chunks of milk and white choclate with chocolate sauce on top. Sweet tho. The chicken and waffles were fantastic! The waffle was crisp and light, the chicken was very tender. It came with a chipotle honey, which we had on the side...just divine. We were both wishing we had ordered 2 of those. The food was five star. I gave 4 star because it took a long time to get the check. Perhaps I complicated it by buying gift cards also. No big deal. Cannot wait for my next visit!My friends and I took my dad to brunch during his visit from Idaho (party of 5). We'd all been to ABE before and had great experiences, but that was not the case on this visit. We were seated at 12:05 and ordered fairly quickly. However, it took a solid hour to get our food. Tables who were seated after us got their food before we did. We had to repeatedly ask for drinks. When our food finally came, we had to send one plate back because the eggs were so underdone. The manager brought the plate and apologized. Additionally, we were in a side room that was unbearably hot. We might as well have eaten outside because there was no airflow in the room. When we got our check, the waitress said the manager put "some things" in for us. Turns out, she put two coupons for free beignets with purchase of a meal, that could only be used M-F. Honestly, I would have rather her give us nothing. We all work and will never be able to use those coupons. Besides, we likely won't return for a very long time, if ever. It was such a poor experience, I emailed the restaurant directly, with no response.Ordered me a scallop omelet with egg whites which was awesome. And the tropical sangria was really good.Cold scrambled eggs. English muffins not toasted and cold. Had to ask multiple times for coffee refills. This was our second try here. Very disappointed.I haven't been to this location, but I have been to the ones in Mandeville and in the Florida panhandle (Destin)  the eggs (anything) was awesome, the decor was cute, the waitresses were good, and everything was perfect.The food was good but Katey was awesome! I came from California and on my way out. Katey was suggestive, she continuously checked on us! A+ service!!! Her manger on duty was warm and welcoming as well. Try em!One of my favorite breakfast spots! The Mardi Gras omelet is delicious!! Service is  pretty good.Waited in line a little bit, but well worth the wait-next time I'll use the yelp wait list. Food was fresh, creative, and the service was impeccable. Great spot!It was phenomenal! Both the service and the food. We went there at 7:10 am therefore our food was fresh and delicious! We return after my workout. I loved the Black Bean Benedict!The waffle was good and the banana Foster pancakes were good. I think they're about average, worth coming back thoughGreat food great service...great brunch drinks too! A little noisy but you can sit outside on a beautiful day, like today!There is a 45 minute wait.  There are tables outside that are not being used, but we are not allowed to sit in that area.  Not a good start to a first visit.  If the experience gets any worse, it may be cause to report poor service to the BBB.We went on a busy day and still received great service I got the eggs benedict and it was awesome robin threw down, Kevin did great also as our server and Jennifer did a outstanding job making out mimosas.My picky son loved it so much it's the only place he wants to go. That in itself would be enough for me, but great service, original cuisine, and 1 of a kind atmosphere put it over the top.Delicious! Shrimp and city grits! And shout out to our waiter Austin! The lemon blueberry mimosa was good too!Brunch, please! I went here with some nursing friends recently and had biscuits with sausage gravy and eggs. Staff was friendly, food came out quickly, and the food was tasty and hot. They also have a bar.
It fits right in with the neighborhood, plus they have outdoor seating. I want to go now, actually...My rating is not for the quality or taste of the food, as I never had the opportunity to eat it, but for the service. We attempted to have brunch/lunch on Sunday, August 4th. We had a large party of 10 people and was told the wait time was approximately one hour. As we passed the one hour mark, I checked in on how much longer our wait would be. I was informed by the hostess that two large parties had just been seated. She then offered to split our party, which I accepted. This offer should have been made when we first arrived. The hostess then checks in about 30 minutes later from the one hour we had already waited and stated that one table was clear, but they were awaiting the second table to clear. Two hours go by and she is once again approaching us with another reason as to why we haven't been seated yet. We declined and left, still hungry. I'm sure this restaurant has large crowds almost every weekend, but did not seem qualified to handle large parties and the growing waitlist. In all of my years of dining out, I have never left a restaurant without eating. In my opinion, this was just poor management of the waitlist and large parties.Lobster and Brie was sooo good. Matthew was my server and he was very nice. Chris the manager was also amazing. He made sure we enjoyed everythingThe food here was amazing. I had the Lobster and Brie Omelet. However, our server Denise was less than satisfactory. After waiting about 30 minutes to be sat(which is totally fine), it took a substantial amount of time to get our drinks alone. We saw our server about a total of 3 times in the hour and a half we sat there. I was given the wrong side order, and had to ask the hostess for a refill (she was wonderful). There was another table who was sat after us, and left the restaurant at the same time that we got our food. It was very disappointing because there were several other servers working (Matt is one) who were doing a wonderful job. We asked for the manager but she never came to our table. Thank you so much to the young hostess for helping us and doing our servers job.Great Place! Make A Reservation Before Hand! The wait can get up to 2 hours! Luckily we Made One!Visiting my Daughter at Dillard University she suggested Another Broken Egg Cafe for breakfast.  The server Matt was fantastic.  Four  thumbs up for the hospitality.  The food was great had the "Hey Lucy" it didn't disappoint Toiya(my daughter) had the " Scrambler" it's all gone so say no more. Great price great food ! Great way to start my visit to New OrleansCame here on Father's Day , for brunch and the food was pretty good . The food was fresh and properly prepared. Waiter was also attentive.The best place in town for a traditional breakfast with a twist. Their green fried tomatoes are the best I've had.The outside of the restaurant is really nice and relaxing, gives you that feeling like you're in the country with that long porch, able to eat outside. Parking lot is limited and small, but you can park on the street or around the corner.
We had a little wait, not becuase it was crowded, but because we had to wait on the hostess. No or acknowledged us when we entered, I asked a server who sttood near us if we were to wait or seat ourselves. Tne hostess was rude but she wasn't tne friendliest either.
Kinda nonchalant with no urgency.
Our server, the same guy who didn't acknowledge us, had that same vibe, kinda nonchalant.  We ordered our food, chicken and waffles and cinnamon roll french toast with scrambled egg and homemade sausage. 
Tje chicken was crispy, but bland. Absolutely no taste until you added that syrup they give you that had a little spice to it. 
The CR French Toast taste exactly like a cinnamon roll. Only thing is it wasn't hot, and I'm talking about the part that without all the fixings.
Other than that its worth a try.  The menu is filled with all sorts of items to choose fromOver the weekend we decided on brunch with the family . If we could give no stars I would  %. We were sad to find out our favorite waitress Michelle wasn't there anymore and we were stuck with A terrible server Kat . Well she needs to retire . She was slow and unhelpful . We needed drinks refills I had to go to the bar and purchase them myself . Our food came out incorrectly and her response to my daughter was were short handed in the kitchen . Not my problem !!! Seems to be a problem at this restaurant maybe they should invest in a good crew in the kitchen and train servers how to take care of there tables and not stand around and chat among themselves or stand near the kitchen . I may need to write the show restaurant makeover and get them some help . 
 get Michelle back she was the bomb!!!!What a bad experience... We had breakfast here today, both of us ordered the Hey Lucy Omlette and it was so greasy and completely lacking avocado. I also told the waiter several times not to put an engilsh muffin on my plate and ordered a side of fruit. To my surprise, my breakfast came with an English muffin and the side of fruit never arrived.... the waiter however did not forget to charge us for the fruit. 
Another Broken Egg needs to hire wait staff that is more skilled for a fast paced environment or give the servers fewer tables. 
We will not be repeating this experience.Their taziki tots were amazing- great combination of fresh cucumbers, tomatos, sauce and chicken. Lox meal wasn't so good, it was really salty. Potatoes were average. Chicken and waffles were very yummy though!The food was great! Our server Arshaun was the best server we have had here in the Big Easy for Madi Gras! Thanks Arshaun for making our dinning experience very pleasurable.We had the Smoked Salmon Benedict,  Mardi Gras Omelete with City Grits, and a Strawberry Mimosa, absolutely delicious!  The staff was very friendly, great conversationalist, and helpful with suggestions for getting the best local flavors.  I highly recommend this establishment as a destination when visiting New Orleans.Very fun experience. Our server, Hannah, was very accommodating and friendly. Absolutely loved the staff. We were seated after about 15 minutes which is better than we expected for a weekday morning. I would highly recommend the shrimp and grits, they were very delicious. I will definitely be returning!Great food but a bit pricey.  I always get the Cafe St. Charles and it's always the perfect coffee to alcohol ratio, great for a girl born and raised in NOLA.  I've lost count of how many times I've been here.  I always get something different and I've never disliked my food or had to send anything back.Are at the Harrison location, twice. Both times, my food was fresh & delicious & too much for one person (I did my best!). 
The City grits are cooked with bacon & Gouda and are just about the creamiest I've ever tasted. The Bloody Mary base is homemade & even better without the vodka. 
My only complaint is that they give you the check, before you're done eating. I understand they're turning tables over, quick as they can, but it's a pet peeve of mine. 
Overall, I strongly recommend Another Broken Egg, without hesitation.My only guess to how this Another Broken Egg will survive is because of the location and the fact that Lakeview residents are habitually loyal. The menu is vast and offers the typical breakfast fare. I opted for the eggs benedict and not one element of the dish was above mediocre. Everything from how the eggs were poached, english muffin, ham and hollandaise sauce. Everything was just blah. Not to mention it took an hour for our food to hit our table.  Our server was nice and friendly, and did apologize for the food taking a while. I would have loved to give this place 4 or even 5 stars, but the food just does not compare to other places in the city for what they are charging. I won't be hurrying to come back.I'm rating this location a 1 because of their service I received here twice. Overall the food is good & fresh. The manager is also nice & very friendly. What bothered me  the most is some of the employees. I've experienced one of the worst hostesses ever.! I can't remember her name Very rude when you ask questions & bad attitudes. Most recent visit on 12/30/18 the waitress was horrible for no reason very impatient!! Refused to let us answer any questions & constantly shrugged her shoulders. continuously made rude comments "at this point I really don't give a fxck " one of the comments she made. This place will be so much better if they were a better employee atmosphere! If only the manager of this location hired more people like his personality ... I will visit more often. Brittany was horrible , rude & not customer friendly. Why work somewhere if you don't have patience & doesn't care for people! Also the pregnant waitress bad attitude for no reason....Stay at home if you don't like people or having a bad day!!!! Guys if you visit here hopefully you get a a nice host who want to work & waitress that have patience!We have been going to Another Broken Egg for years, but after our visit yesterday I don't know if I would fee comfortable going again. We arrived at 1:15 and were told we had to put our name on the list and they will call us. We put both cell numbers down and waited in the car. After 40 minutes my boyfriend went up and asked if it would be much longer. The hostess told him that they were about to close, but did he still want a table? He said yes we've been waiting for a while and no one called us.  The hostess muttered under her breath but loud enough from him to hear "Ok well they're going to be upset." We were sat IMMEDIATELY which makes me assume that the table had been ready for a while and they had no intention of calling us to come in since they got close to closing. Then, our server came over to us and the first thing she says is "I just found out y'all are my table... but that's ok." I was baffled. I explained to her that we were not aware of the new closing time, and if it was a problem then they should have turned us down and we would have went somewhere else instead of waiting 40 minutes to receive attitude from the hostess and sever. We were rushed the entire time, to which the server even said "sorry I don't want to rush you, but we're closing". Both my boyfriend and I have worked in the restaurant industry and usually don't complain about service, but from the moment we stepped in, the atmosphere was rude, unprofessional, and sub par. After we got the bill, we noticed we we're charged 4.99 for an orange juice when I just ordered a fountain drink. Our server tried to say that's the same price as a fountain drink until I started to get the menu out. Super disappointed, and in awe of the rude and unwelcoming comments.Walked in at 11:00am on a Wednesday and sat at a table for 29 mins without any acknowledgement. I finally flagged down the hostess explained I was on a quick lunch break and needed to order so I could go back to work. The hostess took our drink order and apologized about of server not coming by and that she would be by momentarily. After another 15 mins without a server and our drinks finished we asked for a manager. Long story short I didn't even have a meal here and giving it 1 star since 0 isn't an option. I won't be trying to dine here again.First and last time eating here. It wasn't very busy but took over 45 mins from the time we were seated to get our simple order. The food was good but not worth the wait. They also charged for a refill of iced tea.  Waiting another 10 mins for the check.Love this place! Last time we came, the waiter Kenneth helped us surprise my sister with a graduation gift and was a great sport!! We're back today and requesting him again!!The pancakes are amazing! I had the pancake trio and tried the classic buttermilk, the mixed berry and the lemon goat cheese. They were super fluffy and flavorful! Wish I would've taken a pic but I devoured them!! Place is very cute and quaint, call ahead or get there early because they are packed. Tried them on the Sunday during the Essence festival and I was not disappointed. Also had the Strawberry lemonade spritzer and it was a nice refreshing cocktail, especially in the Louisiana heat!hostess sucks and doesn't do anything but lean on the counter. and they have no busser took 30min to clean up a table for us. And i asked if they could move 2 cups over to another dirty table so we can be seated, and be able to fit a party of 5. which isn't a big table & i work in the restaurant industry and clearly know what work is. never in my life will i step in the broken crap cafeI wanted to find a healthy option for breakfast that was full of flavor and this place totally hit the spot. I got the salmon power bowl and my boyfriend got an egg white omelette and we both were satisfied and not weighed down by greasy food. I'll come here again when I return!Standard fare that was over cooked. Pancakes dark  and eggs Benedict hard, and our waiter mixed up our order.As long as I've been living here, I always have forgotten about this place when it comes to brunch. Ironically, my family and I were in the area and it came to my mind that we should try this place out since it was about noon time. Upon entering, we were quickly greeted by many hosts and provided our name to be seated, which of course there were no open tables hence being lunch time. As we were waiting, my wife and I were just glancing at the menu and were amazed by how many dishes they had to offer. We could not make up our minds! The hosts quickly got us seated and took care of all we needed. Now, the service on the other hand was a bit underwhelming. We were not greeted properly, instead, we were just asked, "What would y'all like to drink?" Never knew the guy's name or anything. Luckily, we were not complicated when it came to ordering because we like to try the dishes by how it's prepared. My son had no complaints with the chicken and waffles which he only had a piece of chicken left on his dish. I ordered the Country Power Bowl, which majority of the items on there were good, but the ham that was provided underneath was VERY salty. I pretty much had to eat around it because of how salty it was. My wife did not seem to enjoy the Southwest scrambler due to the tortillas were fairly hard. However, the city grits are definitely a big hit. I think it was the highlight of the meal. And back to the server? We've only seem him one time which was when the food came out, and that was it. I guess he was a bit overwhelmed with the amount of tables he had to look over, but at least come back and check on us mid way. Even though our first experience were "OK", we'd come back to try a different dish, but maybe not anytime soon.This is my new favorite place for brunch! Our waitress was the best ever! Hanna was so helpful and sweet! Got everything right that we asked for......the only problem is no parking which sucks but it's New Orleans! But really wish it was bottomless mimosas bc that's just not enough!This little restaurant is PHENOMENAL!  The atmosphere was lively and bright, and the decor was so cute.  It looks like a sweet little brunch place and it lived up to appearances! We LOVED our dishes!  My personal favorite was the scallop omelet. It was so savory, and filling too! Everything was seasoned and cooked to perfection. I couldn't have asked for better. If I could give this place more than 5 stars, I would! The server was friendly and attentive too. You might have to wait a little longer than expected to get your food, but I assure you that the wait is well worth it. Good food takes time to cook, so you'll be glad for your patience when you come here!Just moved to New Orleans (Metairie area) and was looking for a cute breakfast place. I got just that, and more! I ordered the traditional breakfast with scrambled eggs. I was expecting your ordinary eggs, bacon, and potatoes but was pleasantly surprised! The bacon was nice and crisp, not floppy like other places. The eggs were fluffy and the potatoes were nice and done like I like them! I got an iced mocha that my amazing female server suggested and it hit the spot. I would suggest this place to everyone!Hostess was clueless and overwhelmed. Joined waitlist online with estimated wait time of 13 to 28 minutes for table of 4 at 920am with 3 ahead of me on waitlist. Arrived and checked in at 935am and per app, 2 parties ahead of me.  Waited until 955am and asked hostess how much longer for table as line on app hasnt changed despite 2 (1 group of 4 and 1 table of 2) tables being seated in front us. Hostess told me we were still 3rd in line, so i asked how much longer as it was now over 30 min since joining waitlist in yelp. She said she didnt know and i asked her about the 6 empty countertop seats and was told they were unavailable and the 4 open top table at the front was for the party of 3 in front of me. She told she didnt know how longer and told me to go back to the car to wait. Why use app to waitlist if the information is wrong. I have been to other broken egg cafes (mainly in Destin) without issues like this. Will never go back to this location again ever. The food is good but not worth having to deal with the incompetent staff. My advice for this restaurant to hire a competent hostess as they are the face of your restaurant ("I don't know and go wait in your car" is not an acceptable answer when asking about wait time after already waiting for 30 minutes).This is likely going to become of my family's favorite breakfast restaurants! We came here this past Saturday for my grandfather's birthday, and though the wait was a bit long, it was well worth it. Our server, Veronica, was very attentive and kind; she made the experience for us!! This was my first time coming here and I had the chicken and waffles... it was amazing; definitely a new favorite!! The chicken has just the right amount of seasoning and compliments the waffle perfectly. I'd say that we will definitely be back soon :)The service is great and the atmosphere is fine. However, the food here can be a hit or a miss & sadly today was a miss. My friend order the Belgian waffle and she made it a combo with scrambled eggs w/bacon. While I had the Sweet Potato pancake and a combo as well. Also, each of our food was around $7-$10. I was disappointed with my dish. It was just one big ole pancake which was 7.99 without the combo. If I would have known that it came with ONE pancake then I would have gotten their speciality brunch. I ate most of it but one part of the pancake was drenched in syrup & so I couldn't eat it anymore. It was too sweet for me.First time in New Orleans for Mardi Gras so we wanted to try another broken egg based from the reviews. Long wait but that was expected given the circumstances. Very pleased with getting free beignets as first timers. Service and food was absolutely phenomenal! There were 6 of us and our server was Hannah. She was an angel and super attentive!!! She gave great recommendations on drinks+food and made sure we were taken care of and enjoyed our experience. Management was nice as well. My only complaint is that there is no broken egg where I am from!Waitress Melva was amazing! She was personable and seemed very genuine. The food was amazeballs! I had the lemon blueberry pancakes. I really enjoy the ambience!Great place for brunch. Small restaurant with very little parking. Had the traditional breakfast and the grits were great. The service and prices were also good.Had a great breakfast with my family on Labor Day Monday at Another Broken Egg Cafe. Great atmosphere in a classic country house feel with a wrap around porch outside. We sat inside, and it was comfortable and stylish. In spite of it being busy with others waiting for tables, our party of four was seated in only about 20 minutes. Service was great, with drinks coming fast. Their iced coffee, served in small mason jars, is very good. We all ordered different breakfast foods: pancakes, eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes. Everything was very good, prepared well and very tasty. I had the lobster and brie omelette, and it was really good. Also had some of the peach compote pancakes. So good. Our server, Veronica B., really took care of us, even though it was really busy and she had a lot of people to take care of. A lot of great things on the menu, and the prices are reasonable. We love breakfast, and this is a great place for it. We'll definitely be back.I came here for lunch recently and had the Santa Fe burger.  It was a little over-cooked (ordered medium-rare), but it was seasoned extremely well.  And the cilantro, onions, fresh jalapenos, and pepper jack cheese brought the heat!!  Luckily, the potatoes that came with it helped to tame it a little bit.  The artisan bread was really good too.Customer Service is horrible. 
I went in to pick up my Togo order in which I paid for online. I was instructed by the host  to go to the bar to receive my order. Upon arrival to the bar I asked the bartender for my Togo order he then tell me I have to wait until for another person to hand me my order. I can physically see my bag in front of the bartender. How hard was it for him to confirm my purchase and just hand me my bag? This establishment has poor organizational & management  skills. I'd much rather the Magazine street location. 
Food: 
What's not up to my standards. Seemed pretty rushed. Not prepared with perfection.Definitely a great spot for brunch. Delicious food. The wait is a little long depending when you go in, but the wait staff is very friendly. The seating area was very beautiful and cleaned as soon as servers were available. The problems that did come up came with the food, unfortunately my friend did find an eggshell in her Eggs Benedict and the eggs were cooked a little too hard. My breakfast, the Belgian waffle with eggs and ham, was absolutely delicious. I'd definitely come back here!I was very shocked when I went to eat here. The service to get the food was way too long of a wait.Then the sausage was burnt and they tried to hide it. Very disappointed.You would never know this was a chain restaurant... I actually didn't until a friend of mine saw my Facebook check in and said she went to the one in Charleston and it was the best brunch she's ever had. I would have to say that it's definitely at the top of my list as well!The food is very good and the staff is very friendly. The speed of service was a little slow but it didn't spoil my experience at allOk, so the service needs a bit of "fine-tuning" but overall the experience was good and the food was reasonably priced. Our server was new and made quite a few mistakes but the food itself was very tasty and portion sizes were quite generous.  I had the Broken Egg Biscuit Sandwich ($8.99) which was delicious. My niece had 2 huge Buttermilk Pancakes ($10.99) and loved them and my sister had the Smoked Salmon Benedict ($14.49) (she assumed the smoked salmon was cooked so was disappointed, but it looked delicious). I would eat here again.Very disappointed with the cold omelet,hash browns like they were sitting out for hours. 
Service was great up until it was time for the check,took a while.
Will not go back !Sad. Not worth it at all. I'm giving 2 stars for the kind waitress. Food is Denny's quality at best which is sad because the Lafayette restaurant is really good. Don't expect any flavor. My scramble which was supposed to have roasted bell peppers and portobello mushrooms. It had them, 3 slices of each. In a scramble. So good luck.Simple to go order. Three breakfast sandwiches and a bagel. Ticket time was 30min. Order was wrong. Sad! Had hopes this would be a great place but won't be returning.We will NOT be back! This restaurant has always been our fave for brunch but lately it just SUCKS! First it was just the service now the food is mediocre at best. They've lost a lot of the servers we loved and were told it was due to a management change. Hmm, seems to me maybe they should keep looking for better management or beg the management from a year ago to come back!Wandered in with my Mom for a quick lunch on a pretty day a few months ago. Points for the (often full) on site parking lot. It is tight if you drive a big vehicle. 
Yes, this is a national chain but it tries to incorporate local flair. Lovely outdoor area which is where we ate. My Mom got the club and declared it tasty. I got the veggie burger which was less successful. A bit too mushy in preparation for me. Service was a bit spotty for us but the locale made up for that.
Fine for dining outside on a pretty day if you're in the area.It's not perfect, but in a city devoid without enough good brunch options this can be a worthwhile place to stop.  The courtyard has ample seating and the restaurant is decent sized with generally good service and food.  I'm not sure everything is being cooked from scratch in the back, but the flavors are good, prices aren't bad, and you could do a lot worse for brunch.  This location has been a bit of a black hole over the past few years but it looks like they've finally got a restaurant in here that's a good fit.  If you live nearby and want to bring your dog, there's plenty of outdoor seating and our waiter even brought out a nice water bowl for the dog.
Yes, it's a chain and no, it's not perfect but they seem to do a decent job with the food and keep people moving which means they can do a lot of covers for weekend brunch and your wait likely won't be too long.  That's pretty good in my book, I'm a fan.Great Breakfast. We both enjoyed the atmosphere & service. Our waitress Kristy was awesome and suggested some good menu options. This is a must!Geez I thought I was going to get something good here, the menu had numerous dishes described that enticed me, but unfortunately it disappointed.  I had an omelette that was supposed to have caramelized onion and mushroom and red pepper... sounded yummy, what was delivered was just not good.  There were minimal vegetables and they were so dry, the egg was also just so dry..... all I can say is thank goodness I like ketchup! The service good, and was nice enoughI was so disappointed I created a Yelp account just so I could write this review. 
Our party of 4 arrived at 10:45 on a Friday and stopped for lunch before our 12:00 walking tour of the Garden District.  It was crowded but there were tables available both outside and in.  We asked to sit outside but we were told they weren't staffed for it.  We got seated right away inside.  Even though we had a corner table the room was extremely loud.  
It was 15 minutes before a server acknowledged us and took our orders.  After 40 minutes (11:30) I told a manager that we still didn't have any food and, despite sitting next to the beverage station our server hadn't checked back in.  He apologized profusely and told us that he would make sure our orders would be out next.  Our server said another server deleted our order.  We asked the manager to put our food directly into to-go containers.  
We waited another 20-25 minutes and finally left empty-handed and hungry.  All this while they continued to seat patrons outside.  Terrible experience.  Even the servers looked miserable.  They can crack eggs there but I'd love to see if one of them can crack a smile.I have had an absolutely wonderful breakfast at Another Broken Egg!!! The food was delicious and our server Ryan was fabulous!! From his suggestions on what to order to his friendly smile and attentive care for me and my family. Will be my go to place every time I visit New Orleans!!!!!!!We tried to have brunch on Sunday but there was a very long wait... over an hour around 1 p.m. So today we decided to give it another shot,  hoping we'd miss the big crowd. We walked in and were quickly greeted and shown to our table. The space is very bright and light thanks to the wall of glass looking out onto the courtyard. We ordered the beignets which are made from bite size biscuit dough that's rolled in powdered sugar and served with a honey orange sauce. Very rich and sweet, but still really yummy. Great option for sharing! I had a hard time deciding what to order though, because there are a lot of yummy things on the menu. We decided on shrimp and grits and a club sandwich. The bite of shrimp and grits that I tasted was very good. The club sandwich was fantastic! They grilled the ham and turkey on the griddle before adding it to the toasted country bread. It was perfect!Steel cut oats with fruit was inexpensive and delicious. Service was a little slow and inside the temp was a little to warm for us. We walked in here on a whim because it was the closet thing and we were starving.I thought this one would be a great experience. After walking right up to sit down, I was amazed at how we sat for 15mins without a single server coming up to us and taking our order! After asking another server, who's our server and observing her speak with the other servers only to have them also look bewildered, we decided this is not the best place to spend our money! Although I REALLY wanted pancakes, I guess I'd take waffles somewhere else where they'll appreciate my money!Excellent breakfast menu. The pancakes were extremely fluffy, the biscuits, *mwah*, to die for. Furthermore it wasn't too expensive. I'll definitely be returning soon.Food was great. So is the plating. Went for a breakfast it was slow since it's a weekday. but we had a slow service. Server doesnt check on us if we needed anything else.Always love this restaurant. Lakeview and Magazine sites are wonderful. Staff is very friendly and helpful.Love this place. I really didn't want to since it's a chain. So sometimes the staff is slow or not so great, but the food is yummy. And yeah, you're gonna have to wait. Go somewhere else if you don't have enough patience to wait for this goodness.We enjoyed very much our breakfast here. I chose the salmon salad and my husband had sausage with biscuits and gravy. The salad was very pleasant, the biscuits had the perfect texture, neither too soft nor chewy, and the service was prompt and attentive. We'll stop again if we are in the area.After having walked out of Wharehouse Grille, we went to this place because we know how good they are. They service, atmosphere, and of course food, are all top notch. We were in and out of there in less than time than we spent waiting at the previous place.  We've been here many times and are never disappointed.Nice breaky selection I had the crab stack and it was pretty darn good but I got a bit tired of it by the time I was done. Nice outdoor courtyard seating area, not too pricey.  A lot of egg dishes but there were a few other options.Let me start off by saying the service at this place was great! In a smaller space, I felt like I had my privacy to have my breakfast. I almost walked past it as the Restuarant is off to the side of some construction. All of the items on the menu sounded so tasty it took me a little while to study it and finally make a decision. I decided on THE SUPREME OMELETTE and half order of beignets. They were to die for! I also had the original orange mimosa to quench my "thirst". So many other items I wanted to try and I plan to visit the location in Memphis! Thanks guys! 5 STAR!!!!Stayed on Magazine at a B&B a few blocks away from this little gem.  Was happy to find a gluten free menu and the waitress was very knowledgeable about what I could have.  I ordered the lobster and brie omelette with city grits....both were heavenly.  I loved it so much we went back the next day and I tried the gluten free pancakes and the crawfish omelette with city grits.  I was so happy to find out that there were two locations in the Houston area.  Quick service, quiet, pleasant atmosphere, friendly staff.  Manager came over and greeted us and asked how we were doing.  Make sure you try the City Grits....heavenly!I am not the kind of person to write a review. But I felt so inclined because this was the worst dining experience of my life. Where do I even start: first we waited 20 minutes for our table even though there was many open tables visible. After we ordered the food did not come for a whole 45 minutes. During that time I decided to wash my hands where there was no soap or towels in the bathroom. After we got our food there was only 2 pancakes after I was promised 3, and received barely a spoonful of eggs. When I went to ask for more eggs the waiter disappeared for another half hour. Overall one of the worst dining experiences of my life. Find another option for brunch!!!!I totally did not give ABE enough credit as I rubbed it off once I realized it was a chain breakfast/brunch spot. I looked at their online menu and it did not include prices and said that some items are seasonal and depend on the region and franchisor. 
Once I arrived, my group and I were taken care of by the most attentive and friendly waitress there is! She was so kind and professional. 
We started off with a pitcher, (obviously) of the kiwi mango mimosa. There were 5 of us, and each one of us was able to only have one glass from the pitcher. It was also really cute how it was presented, as each stemless champagne flute had a decorative toothpick in it with a slice of kiwi and mango on it. The mimosas were very good with a decent amount of champagne. We ended up ordering another pitcher, which was $31 each, so its best to order a pitcher with a group and split the cost. It comes out much cheaper. 
The food was very food, with really big portions.  All 5 of us ordered something different, enjoyed it and left full! 
There is always a big brunch crowd during the weekends, so to deter me and anyone else from dealing with it, I would recommend going during the week. Thank goodness we made reservations because there were no empty tables the entire time we were there, so it's great they have a fast turnaround. Even with the restaurant being packed on a Saturday, we experienced no delay in our service and everything came out in a timely manner.Stopped by here while visiting the Garden District. Extremely busy on Sunday at noon. Staff said that if you don't want to wait, before 10am or during weekdays its not that busy. We waited for about 45mins. Service was friendly and food came out fast. I ordered the Benedict Oscar but it was just ok. Too much sauce and the bread wasnt very good. The whole combination wasn't the best..Great food with its own uniqueness. You won't get the average breakfast plate and will be grateful for it. It has awesome service, servers were very attentive.Inconsistent food quality
Dirty wrapped silverware roll ups (more than once)
Long waits on Sunday with several open tables available (and these tables took a while to be bussed) I observed. 
YET, GOOD SERVICE EVERY VISIT (the servers were prompt & attentive).
As a service industry professional for over a decade, I think the management is quite questionable. Js.Great restaurant for an indulgent but relaxed brunch with classics and slight riffs on classics. The best decision we made here was for four of us to order an entree each and to pass the dishes around so we could try them all. In the end, we each liked a different dish, which I took as a great sign of how good the food was overall.
Personal favorite was the cinnamon roll french toast; Benedict Oscar was very good as well.Horrible. Waited over half an hour for a dry, over cooked omelette. Waiter was too busy on the patio to check on us. Another server dropped off the food and walked away  without even getting us silverware. Used to be better.Breakfast and service was amazing. We had the New Orleans omelettes, which had sausage, bacon and vegetables. I had the egg white one and it tasted great.Great for outdoor seating. Huge shaded patio. Sweet potato pancakes were amazing.  My niece is vegan and has trouble finding something on the menu but she enjoyed her dish.Omg....sooo good and so filling. Even had a bevis at 1030am lol service was good. Location is a nice walk. French toast was huge and the raspberry donuts were warm plus got bacon n eggs on top of thatGood lunch option if you want a healthy dish! Lots of tasty options and friendly customer service. Location is really good and the outdoor seating is amazing with the weather right now. Def coming back!Awesome food and great service... My dish was the Lobster & Brie omelette.. it was beyond delicious..beautiful setting on Magazine Street where you have the option of dining indoors or outPleasant place for breakfast.  Has some interesting combinations, such as the Hey Lucy omelette--I got the vegetarian version. Friendly service. Very tasty food.  Nice area--Magazine Street-- to stroll in also.Wasn't very impressed for my first time. My food looked absolutely delicious but was very bland! The side dish was seasoned to perfection though? I got the Lucy omelette and it says it's the specialty but it tastes thrown together with no sort of love :( my waiter was nice! Beautiful location of course!I go to another broken egg on Magazine every Tuesday morning with my grandmother. Put simply, the food and service cannot be beat. Their new Caribbean-inspired menu offers a wide variety of standard breakfast options, but with a refreshing twist that make them anything but the typical fare. More than the food though, their service is superb. Michelle and Chris' regular presense among tables, pleasantly chatting with guests, makes one who has labored in the food service industry wonder why ALL managers aren't more keen to genuinely interact with their customers.
Searching for something less than shamelessly flattering to say about Another Broken Egg on Magazine, the only example this regular patron can find is their recent decision to discontinue using their espresso machine. DONT TAKE MY CAPPUCCINOS AWAY!I'm a regular here and I love the service over the Harrison ave but today I got turned away an hour away from closing time because the hostess said "we have an hour wait and we close in an hour". I have worked in the service industry for several years now and have never been turned away an hour before closing no matter how busy the restaurant is. Anyway, what made me even more livid as I was walking back to my car, a customer told me they said "it was an hour wait but they sat us 5 minutes later". Definitely disappointing when a business turns down money.Not sure who is running this place anymore. But there should be no reason at all that My Business associates and I received our food an Hour and 15 minutes for Brunch. Also, to go to a restaurant and get served with To-Go Cups and Plasticware because they have nothing clean to eat and drink with.  The only thing that kept me there till the food came was our Server, Brittany C, she deeply apologized for the inconvenience and always kept coming back to make sure everything was okay. Other than server, the place was being ran horribly, almost like they didn't know what they were doing. Next time you go, if you even do, definitely ask for Brittany C and at least the service will be great, not sure about anything else there.The food was delicious.  I love this place.  Nice server. The fried green tomatoes and crab cake was very tastyDidn't honor our call ahead / nowait. Apparently being on the app and confirming by phone is not sufficient, and they were not apologetic.Got the traditional breakfast! Hit the mark for me with the kind of breakfast I wanted at the time. Is it the best scrambled eggs you will ever eat? Probably not but pretty good. Service was relaxed - not pushy. And the verandah seating is blissful!stumbled upon this spot this morning and it was actually the best vacation breakfast we had! Service was beyond amazing- Deven (sp?) served us, and he was super awesome! He was very friendly, patient and on top of the service!!! Food was great, 7 of us all ordered something different and we all loved it. Lobster and brie omelette was amazing- had that with their "city grits" and I finished Every bit of it!!! The eggs Benedict was delicious- tomato slice on bottom, with bacon and green onion in the hollandaise sauce was bomb! Florida omelette was very good as well. The cinnamon roll French toast was delicious.  all of the food was very flavorful and very well put together. Presentation was on point also. It's too bad we didn't find this gem of a place sooner bc I could/would have eaten there daily.  I highly recommend this place- but scope out the menu online first bc there are so many choices that it was hard to actually decide. We all ordered something different and 4 of us split our meals so we could each get a taste of more than just one thing. I'm sure Even picky eaters will find something they'll like. Try it, you won't be dissapointed!!!I cannot begin to explain how bad this place was. It took over an hour to get our food, our server checked in with us once to refill our waters, and no one ever apologized for how long everything was taking. I hated all of it.Had crab cake Benedict , was very good. Staff are very friendly defiantly coming back.I just...... Well, to begin, the Marley's were dead, to begin with....
I love me some breakfast foods, now with that said, I prefer playing with my options before actually deciding on a meal. I wen to breaking another egg and decided on the Huevos RANCHEROS!!!! WAHHHOOO!!! Golly Joe harding, it was realllllly tasty. I swallowed it down with a nice triple bloody mary. MMM. 
Next "item" if you will.... My handsome waiter was a thrilling young chap. He was either named Rich or Ryan, ask for either. He was tall and ghastly. But the man knew his food. He recommended the eggs, but I said "dude, everything has eggs" and so he said "yeah, get the Huevos RANCHEROS. So i did, then left with a happy palate. 
GREAT PRICE - GREAT PEOPLE - GREAT PATIOAwesome breakfast! It's a great place to try some local food. Shrimp and grits were amazing and the crabcakes cavallo were delicious. Their serving sizes were great- not too much food so that you can't move, but enough to enjoy a full meal. Their coffee mugs are cute specially made pieces of pottery. On sale for $18 each, we didn't purchase, but enjoyed drinking out of them. Would definitely recommend this to anyone!Went to the Lakeview location. Small quaint spot which makes parking a challenge. But, the food we very tasty.Today was my second time eating at this location. Our waitress Saraya was really nice and attentive. The food on the other hand was ok. I had the huevos rancheros. My tortilla was burned, my eggs were not cooked well and my potatoes were overly seasoned (salty). We also had to wait over 40 minutes for our food to arrive. They were pretty busy when we arrived so that was understandable. If the food would've been good, I wouldn't have cared about the wait. Next time, I will think twice before choosing to go back.I came here at 2:45pm on a Saturday with my mother (who is on crutches) and my daughter. When we arrived, the host told us, "we are closing at 3" as to say that he couldn't seat us. I told him, "well it's not 3 yet, it's 2:45." He went inside and refused to seat us. I looked around and another table was shocked that he wouldn't seat us. What kind of restaurant operates this way? I have never been treated like this. I will never return and I am going to share my experience with lots of people.OMG! I had the waffle with bacon and Lex had the chicken and waffle. The waffle was so good and fluffy. The bacon was hard but so good bc I love hard bacon. I tasted a piece of the chicken and it was seasoned so well! They had a honey sauce drizzled on top of the chicken. My waiter was Tony so nice and funny! We sat outside and ate. If you're not a fan of birds I suggest you eat inside. I must say I recommend this place for breakfast. They are also dog friendly! If you never been plz make sure to drop by. My 1st time and it was amazing!Even on Mother's Day our waitress and food was excellent! The wait on the other hand was looong & the hostess who sat us was rude when we asked for a table inside and/or big enough to fit the 5 of us.Great place for breakfast/brunch. We had the traditional breakfast, crawfish skittle and the banana foster pancakes are a must. The sausage had a unique great taste. The food was fantastic overall. Only issue we had was our seating. It was very hot and humid outside so we had to sit at the bar which wasn't too comfortable. Our server was great. Our total was only about 40 with tip included and we were so full. Definitely recommend this place.My boyfriend and I ate here around 2pm because I was craving a brunch place. I had the Crab Cake Cavallo and he had the Cinnamon Roll French Toast. Both dishes were extremely satisfying. The hash browns are always sooooooo freaking good! And I had a few bites of his French toast and honestly I wish I could eat this dish every morning. It's THAT good. 
I gave this four stars because they were really understaffed. They had two people but those guys definitely busted their tails! So if you're a fan of the food and you're patient,  coming here should not bother you. Even though there were only two waiters, the service was not an issue for me.After walking out of the warehouse grill in the CBD, this place absolutely saved my Saturday off, as I don't get many.  Great food, great service, great atmosphere.  I've never had a bad experience here.It takes a lot to get me to write a review. I have been in and out of the food service industry for 20 years, so I have high expectations when eating out, but can also be very understanding and forgiving... both sides come from my many years of food service and management.
I have been to other Broken Egg Cafe's around the country, and have never had anything negative to say. However, I cannot say the same about this location. I have given them 4 times over the last month or so to get it right before I wrote this.
FOOD: First visit, I ordered the Floridian (cream cheese filled omelette topped with garlic sautéed crabmeat, Monterey Jack & green onions) served with Seasoned Country Potatoes. There was little to no cream cheese in the omelette and the potatoes were overly salty, cold, and had obviously been sitting out for a while. 
Second visit, I ordered the Hey Lucy!!! (Avocado, breakfast chorizo, sautéed onions & green chilies with Cheddar-Jack. Sour cream & salsa sides) served with Seasoned Country Potatoes. The omelette was fine (or so I thought). The potatoes were cold and again didn't seem fresh. 
Third visit, I ordered the Southwest Scramble (Scrambled eggs, breakfast chorizo, onions, diced tomatoes & green chilies with Cheddar-Jack, guacamole, salsa & flour tortillas), also served with the same potatoes. This is when I learned that my second visit's omelette was not prepared correctly. The breakfast chorizo in the Southwest Scramble was not the same meat which was in the Hey Lucy. What I was able to determine was that the chef most likely used their Grilled Andouille Sausage in my Hey Lucy omelette for some reason (which I liked, and thinking that was the chorizo, was the reason I ordered the Southwest Scramble). So, when I got the Southwest Scramble, and it unexpectedly had what is essentially ground taco meat in it instead of solid bits of sausage, I did not like it. In addition, it was brought to the table with the incorrect side condiments (guacamole), which I then had to correct and wait for while my food got cold. My potatoes finally came out hot and crispy, because I had requested them so when I ordered. 
My fourth and final visit, I ordered the "Bella-wrap!" (Roasted portabellas & red peppers, caramelized onions, fresh spinach, feta & roasted garlic aioli, wrapped in an herb tortilla, and as per their menu suggestion, added chicken), served with the ubiquitously over-seasoned potatoes. It came out sitting in a pool of mushroom liquid. Even a beginner cook should know how to properly prepare and serve sautéed mushrooms to reduce the water content before it hits the plate. Part of the problem is the chef and prep folks who can do things to prevent some of this, but also can be attributed to Another Broken Egg's making this a wrap, rather than serving it on a heartier bread. You know that scene in Three Amigos when Chevy Chase tries to eat the fajitas and the whole thing just falls apart when he goes to take a bite? That was this meal, except this happened because the wraps were soaking wet. The potatoes were hot this time.
SERVICE: Is ok. Servers are nice and friendly enough. But an issue repeated on my multiple visits included my table not being set, which lead to having to request napkins and silverware after my food was already on the table getting cold. 
The food all tastes fine. The people are nice. The main reason I am writing this review is so hopefully the management will see this and do something to improve their consistency. I didn't go in looking for problems. Each time I went in I was rooting for the restaurant, hoping that these issues were one-offs. Unfortunately, they weren't, and I won't be going back a fifth time to try again.Awesome place for breakfast and Nicole was amazing!  Thank you Nicole! 
Dwane' and GwenI'm a huge fan of their classic Eggs Benedict and Bloody Mary! I would highly recommend Another Broken Egg Cafe to residents and visitors!All in all I had a nice experience here.  The menu is decent, I had an omelette.  The omelette was good, but needs a little kick with spices.  They have a bottle of their own Pepper Sauce on each table and it's ok if you like sweet dudes sauces, but this is New Orleans guys, put Tabasco on the table also.  I will be back.Food is really good. Service at this particular location is inconsistent. The first time we came to this location service was incredible. Our waiter was stellar. We came back a few days later and had to wait over 40 minutes for food. The staff seemed to be having a hard time. Waiter was frazzled and out of sorts. Didn't check with us or update us on the status of our order. After over 35 minutes of sitting there waiting I finally went up to him to ask about the long wait.Came here fro lunch with some friends from work.  Everything came out hot and delicious!
I had the bella wrap.  It was so good!  The other 2 people had the green tomato BLT.  They loved it as well.
everything was great.  I can't wait to go back!  Great service as well!Not impressed. Breakfast was mediocre at best. One of the four of us liked what we got. Bathroom was flooding. Service was mediocre. Surprised this joint was rated 4 stars.For a delicious, quick, reasonably priced meal and fantastic Mimosas this is the joint. The staff is beyond fantastic: friendly, attentive and fun. They spoil my puppy dog rotten when he comes along. The outdoor seating is a definite plus and parking is easy. I love this place and come as often as I can!Decided not to eat there because we wanted to sit outside and the host said "I have to see if one of the waiters will come outside, but probably not." What??The best breakfast I have had in New Orleans.  I had the steak and eggs which are a bargain by the way for about $12 or so.  Coffee and service were both greats. I will likely come by every morning for breakfast while I'm here.I'm done. I've given this place enough chances to get it together.  It used to be so good with solid service.  The last time came I wrote a review indicating the service had gone down significantly, but the food was still delicious.  The last four times I have come not only has service remained poor, but today the food was quite bad.
It took over an hour to receive our food after we had ordered. The restaurant had no clean flatware when we arrived so we had to wait for that as well.  I have to wonder if they stalled our food while waiting for clean napkins and flatware.
I ordered the "Hey Lucy" omelet with a side of grits.  The grits were cold when they arrived at the table, but it was obvious at some point there was an attempt to heat them in a microwave.  They had boiled over the dish and were crusty and cold when they were served. Also, the avocados in the omelet were so unripe they had a bit of a crunch to them.  I had to pick them out of the omelet to eat it.
To be honest, I wouldn't have come today because of bad experiences I've had there, but my friends chose it.  They have now also sworn off this restaurant based on their experience.
Get it together guys. You used to be so good. It's a shame it's not good anymore.We wanted to try the biscuit beignets as we have never had them and that is what everyone talks about. They were amazing! To die for!! Came with honey orange marmalade - Delish!!! We decided to order breakfast drinks too, Bloody Mary and Bellini. We were pleasantly surprised on the freshness of the ingredients. Would go there again and again. As our waitress was okay the hostess was very helpful and delightful. She made the experience!!!!Fantastic breakfast spot on Magazine street. Have the bloody Mary's and shrimp, crab and andouille sausage scrambleDelicious cafe, the server we had last time was awesome. Super courteous and professional, and when I asked for an honest opinion about a menu item, I felt like I had an honest answer. Sorry for the late review for the "last" time we came here but my daughter wouldn't let me review haha. 
But the outside tables are nice, the environment and setting is really relaxing, quiet enough to chill, but still nice background noise to not make it awkward silence. 
I order the cafe Rouge (spiked coffee) and man it was smooth, great tasting and went perfect with my meal. 
For brunch I ordered the Benedict Oscar, which was eggs Benedict with steak and crab meat. AMAZING. The service is GREAT, food AMAZING, ambience, GREAT. I'm actually here writing my first review on my SECOND visit in the past two weeks lol. Totally recommend this place, especially to show guests visiting from out of town.Casual breakfast place with better than expected food. We enjoyed sitting in the outside section (inside seemed pretty loud). Give the City Grits a try - you won't be sorry. Ours were perfectly prepared grits topped with Gouda cheese, bacon and green onion. Yum! OJ and coffee were both good too!  If you're looking for a laid back and easy bfast option look no further.The shrimps & grits as well as the lobster & Brie omelette were DELICIOUS. It was as if they put crack in the food it was so good. We got food high!! LOL rich & flavorful sauces. To die for. Excellent service as well.This place had a great atmosphere! The food and service was very good. I ordered the waffle with peacans and blueberries. Great for the priceSo, my biggest gripe about this place is that it's not a 5 minute walk from where I live in NY. My husband and I came here on a Thursday morning in October and basically had the place to ourselves for most of the meal. Our waiter was friendly and very attentive throughout the meal  - we never had to wait more than a minute to have a refill of coffee. Without a doubt,  you'll get a dose of genuine NOLA hospitality that us annual visitors just love. 
The food was spectacular, especially the grits and the bananas foster french toast - by far,  on my top 5 list of best breakfasts ever! I dream about those amazing grits regularly - please open a satillete location in NY so you can teach NYERS to actually make grits correctly lol. Thanks again for a great meal - we hope to be back someday soon.We went here because I am gluten intolerant, and we saw that they had a gluten free pancake. It was amazing! In fact, it was so amazing I wasn't convinced at first that it WAS gluten free!!
My husband, who can eat gluten, got their sweet potato pancake and said it was also delicious. We loved the atmosphere, and the food was absolutely amazing! We had coffee, eggs and bacon, and they were all as good as our entree. The portions were also great - the pancakes were gigantic.
We'll definitely be back, and will recommend it to all of our friends.I loved this place!  The lobster omelette was amazing, as was the city grits.  Definitely recommend the mango, kiwi mimosa. Service was great.  Highly recommended!No no no, this place is just like an overpriced Denny's on Magazine St. The real buzzkill was that my omelette wasn't even made with real eggs. I can spot powder eggs from a mile away (I went to Jewish summer camp, who are y'all kidding?)
Waiters were friendly and it was fairly busy. Food came quick. Sat solo at the bar but didn't get coffee or water refilled until my meal was over. Meh. 
Blackberry grits! Needs some more sugar, but blackberry grits!!!! Yummy. Miss those.A chain breakfast joint, but of the exceptionally tasty variety. Lots of vegetarian and gluten free items. Also some of the best shrimp and grits I've had in the Southeast--be sure to order the City Grits version (with green onion, bacon, and gouda). Don't ask questions and don't delay, just do it.Spent a very pleasant morning in the courtyard having one of the best breakfasts I've had all year, maybe the last few years. 
Ok, I admit it, I'm next to impossible to go out to eat with. I expect perfect food and great service at almost any price point. This was one of those perfect plates that I wouldn't change a bit. 
Granola, Fruit, and Quinoa. I chose the healthy option, not expecting much more flavor than a dry piece of toast. What arrived however was a huge bowl of beautiful colors and textures. Granola was fresh and not too sweet. A small drizzle of yogurt didn't drown the crunch. Fresh berries, check. Blueberry quinoa (I assume quinoa cooked with blueberry juice?) was a pleasant protein punch and exceeded my expectations. Toasted coconut rolled-bananas, wow! Topped with a shot of coconut milk. I am not only coming back for this dish, I'm making it at home. 
Service hit all the marks, coffee cups refilled but not too often to interrupt conversation. Prices are reasonable and portions are very generous. 
All this from a chain restaurant??!! Yelpers, you need to stop here for a healthy and seriously tasty breakfast.Me and my friend came in the other morning. Tony was our server. I would have to say this is the best service we've recieved all over Nola, and the food was amazing.. This will forever be a go to for brunch! 
Ps. The Mango mimosa is amazing!
Thanks again Tony!I've heard that this place isn't very consistent and more of a hit and miss place. I do think there are better breakfast places in NOLA (cheaper and more unique in terms of New Orleans) but I would go back to broken egg. My friend and I had a great experience here especially considering we went on Sunday for brunch at 11 and the place was packed. They have a HUGE menu so you can are sure to find something that pleases you, especially for all the picky eaters out there. Nice outdoor seating area and a chill,  relaxed place to eat for a NOLA morning.Amazing food & service. The shrimp and grits are to die for, and the biscuit beignets literally touched my heart they are sooooo good. I highly recommend this place for locals! Shhh, keep it a secret!We got here at 11am for brunch and they said it was a 35-40 minute wait. Almost an hour later we got a text saying our table was ready. We started eating our food at like 1:20 but had to wait for silver-wear when we got our food because we were never given any. It took a long while to get our food. It really wasn't worth the wait. I loved my chicken and biscuit with gravy. My meal was the best of the three. The black bean Benedict was not good at all. It looked really appetizing but it didn't taste good and the black bean burger was very mushy and not the greatest. My best friend got the bacqueso omelette. She said, "it was good, but I could have gotten the same thing at IHOP at enjoyed it just as much and for cheaper." The home fries were all really good. We all enjoyed those. The service was slow. Not worth the wait for the food.I have frequented this establishment on many occasions. Each time it is a wonder weather it could be worse than the time before. I should learn my lesson.
Last Saturday my daughter and I stopped in for a breakfast together. I ordered only a biscuit and grits. She ordered a pancake breakfast with pancakes, eggs , grits and bacon.
One could ask how you could screw these simple items up, but they can. The food was COLD, awful tasting and expensive.
That was the last time. I have given them too many chances and too much money.
I cannot imagine that they can stay open much longer.Got food poisoning from their lobster omelet. Disappointing because it tasted pretty goodIf i could give zero stars i could. We planned for brunch with our friends yesterday and arrived to the restaurant around 1:20 and we told staff that we have to head back soon as we were there for conference. Staff told that our food would be right out. Fast forward to 2:30 and we were still waiting for our food. Servers did not check on us. When my husband went to ask staff about update he was told "do you want to go back in kitchen and help cooks if you are in rush" what kind of response is that? Anyways our friends left and could not eat with us. They just packed their food and took it in to go box as food did not arrive for more than an hour. I would consider giving 3 stars had staff had been friendly but nope. Rude customer service. Never coming back here. Food was not that great either.I was told there was an hour wait by the hostess but because they close at 3, I could not be seated when half of the restaurant was empty and I was told that someone else was seated within five minutes of arriving. Sounds like they didn't want to make money today. Looks like I'll be spending it somewhere else.Meh. Not great, not bad. Standard breakfast fare. It was our first meal out in NOLA and honestly, our least memorable - felt like a basic chain-type joint. Bathrooms could have used a lot more attention.
Update: OHHHH! It's a chain! Damn. I had no idea - no wonder everything was so .... meh. Never would have bothered had I known that.Wonderful place! Food is delicious, service is spotless. Also decor, even plates and mugs were awesome. Highly recommended establishment.I'm embarrassed to admit that I was slow to give this place a try because it's located in that weird, new-construction building that, aesthetically speaking, I truly loathe. But I can't fault ABE Cafe for that, so eventually, i put my pretensions aside and decided to have breakfast there. 
Immediately, I knew I'd chosen well. I grew up in New York, where diners with HUGE, phonebook sized menus and cheap meals dot every corner. In uptown NOLA, its hard to get that "diner" fix -- but, damn, ABE Cafe comes pretty close! Lots of menu options, huge portions, reasonable prices and lots of comfy seating. 
Heres why I'm in love: 
- A little "something" on the menu to satisfy every craving -- sweet, savory, healthy, greasy... they've got it all covered.
- Free, functioning wif 
- Plentiful outdoor seating 
- Friendly staff who are quick to refill coffee, greet you upon arrival, etc.
I decided to pretend I'm "healthy" and order a strange-yet-enticing sounding blueberry quinoa yogurt concoction. Rather than try to describe it, let me just say, the bowl it came in was the size of a flying saucer, the fruit was fresh, and my belly was satisfied. YUM! 
ABE Cafe, sorry for neglecting you for so long! I'll be back soon!One of the best customer service experiences I've had in a long time. The management was incredibly attentive, waitstaff on the mark and food was a good price, imaginative and great! I will definitely be back and bringing friends...We happened upon this place while exploring the Garden District and could not have been happier.  The outdoor seating was perfect and the food was wonderful for the price.  My wife got a very healthy dish (hard to find in New Orleans) and the mimosas were a good pour too.  Definitely skip the coffee houses getting off the street car and walk straight here.We make it a point to eat at this restaurant when in town. Usually, the food and service are great. Today, we had very poor service, waited 25 min for French toast and pancakes and were ready to walk out.  The coffee was terrible and was cold in minutes. I hope we picked a bad day but have a feeling this restaurant is not doing well. Too bad.Great place for lunch, especially when you're working/studying at the coffee house that shares the courtyard.  Had the fried green tomatoes/crabcake over spinach w/ goat cheese appetizer and it was enough for my lunch.  Yum!  Nice and breezy today.  Perfect lunch out in the courtyard!Good hardy breakfast. Homemade biscuits were great. Highly recommend the Lucy omletteThis was my first time ordering from here and I placed an order for pick and while it was speedy, my food was lacking. I was missing a side of potatoes and the ones that I did get were sparse. And the bacon on my blackstone Benedict was lacking bacon. Also, the eggs got mixed up. My poached eggs were too hard and the fried ones were too runny. So many issues, but at least the gravy was delicious.I really wanted to like this place since it is walking distance to my house and I am always on the hunt for new places to recommend to out-of-town visitors. I have had brunch often at this site previously, when it was La Fin du Monde and in the incarnation before that (but I can't remember the name), and *loved* it every time. The ambience was always superb, the service always attentive, and the food always creative and delicious. 
When I arrived this morning for breakfast I was excited by the large crowd and was happy to wait for 30 minutes because I thought it meant the place would be great. The first red flag should have been the pager they gave me for my wait -- then I bumped into a friend who told me this place is a chain restaurant. Still, I had high hopes because the space and location is so great. But when I sat down and saw the menu it really felt like a chain -- yes lots of options, but nothing really interesting; it just looked like a menu from Denny's. 
As others have noted, New Orleans makes a SUPERB BRUNCH so any new place should really do *something* to match or exceed that bar. Here, there is nothing exciting. Then the coffee arrived and it was clear they are not trying to be more than a chain restaurant, perhaps a food court. The coffee was terrible. I ordered the buttermilk pancakes and a side of eggs over-medium. One can make STELLAR pancakes if you put some Nola Love into them: the pancakes at Surrey's and Ruby Slipper and Apolline are *AMAZING*. The pancakes at Another Broken Egg were Denny's-level pancakes. The eggs were runny - so they didn't make them to order (over medium) and they were "blah". 
Not only was the food not good at all but the ambience is, in a word tragic -- I felt like I was eating at the Food Court in the Mall. I just don't understand how the two restaurants before this were able to create such a warm and inviting atmosphere in the exact same place, and Another Broken Egg felt like loud chaos and mayhem, with bad food. 
I am so sad this place is on Magazine Street and hope it is short-lived in this location.The porch on Harrison Avenue was the highlight. Didn't seem like chain restaurant. My bacon burger was pretty good,but on the well done side. No condiments without asking. 
My wife had the Lucy Omelet and it was overcooked to the point of being inedible, her dry english muffin came without butter.
Our waiter was nice but didn't come back to ask how anything was until we were ready to leave. I think he should have brought the omelet problem to the manger, but instead brought us our check, which we paid, we tipped, and left without complaining.
Will we go again to give them another try? ..maybe, maybe not. Disappointed
You would think a restaurant which specializes in egg dishes would do better with pretty standard omelet.
Update: We were contacted on Yelp by the restaurant asking for our phone number so they  could discuss the omelet further with us. We posted our phone number several days ago but having heard nothing we took it back down today.Pleasant outdoor seating in nice weather. Very tasty brunch-type dishes. They close at 3 PM. Nice coffee shop next door: CC's Coffee House.Food and service both were great. Always get the Cinnamon Roll French Toast And it never disappoints.Ok...new to the menu is the shrimp, crawfish and andouille stuffed omelet and it needs to stay on the menu. It's topped with spinach cream sauce and jack cheese and I got the biscuit instead of the English muffin. The wait was 30 mins but we opted to sit at the bar and the bartender who took care of us was amazing. My girlfriend for the Floridian with the city grits and they were soooo good I regretted getting regular grits. The atmosphere was chill and buzzing. Definitely a must on the list for regular Saturday meet ups with my girl.Best beignets in town! And we were on a taste test mission. Omelets were excellent as well, and not so huge that you couldn't eat for the rest of the day. Friendly and helpful waitstaff, accurate info on wait times, very cold AC, and well priced. Not the easiest place to find, but worth the walk.Love that this place is tucked in off the street yet has the open courtyard for people watching. My son had the biggest pancakes I've seen and my husband (the pickiest of eaters) thoroughly enjoyed the Nettie chicken sandwich. I had the biscuits and gravy with eggs and potatoes. The service was great and something on the menu for everyone.I thought I was in a reputable establishment, but not so! I have a vacation home in New Orleans, and whenever friends or family come to visit while I'm vacationing, I always take them to here to eat. After today's visit, I will never step foot in this restaurant again. Let's start with nearly an hour wait for food.  Service was so so and we left a tip that reflected the service, not much. When I left the restaurant, I forgot my phone. Upon return, the waitress told me that yes, she had my phone, but wanted to know if the service was ok. We said it was ok (we should been honest and said it was actually below standards). She told us we didn't leave a tip larger enough in her opinion. With my phone held hostage, I gave her five dollars in exchange for my phone. I have never had a dining experience where staff feels comfortable with shaming and threatening customers because they're not ready for prime time. I have had some outstanding fine dinning experiences in Los Angeles and other cities...not so here!Was having a rough workweek and decided to treat myself to breakfast. I LOVE the Huevos  here. The best I've had. Always consistent. And the service is always good. This definitely makes me feel better before tackling another grueling dayWorst experience ever. Came in with my 2 year old daughter and they made us wait for food for 1 hour. What's the reason? Large party at the back. Waitress never even bother to let us know that the kitchen is running late. Once we started to complain (40 minutes after waiting for food and I'm not mentioning that waiting for table was also 35 minutes) she just went hiding. No water refills, no food for small baby, no even an apology that it is taking way too long. Once food came the only thing was warm is grits, everything else was cold. I wonder why this place even bother to stay open. They pay no attention the the customer needs and serve mediocre food. I know we never coming back and I don't recommend anyone to go.The food was ok, one of my companions was allergic to eggs and when asked if we could substitute the egg with grits Zachary's suggestion was the we just leave the egg off.  We also waited for a coffee refill while our server finished his conversation with a fellow server.  So food ok, service was minimal at bestWe've been back many times since our first review and I have to say we love it here, despite it being a chain restaurant. The mimosas are absolutely fantastic and they're really quick when you just want a mimosa to-go [shopping on magazine... god love Nola]. Eggs benedict, french toast, scrambles and hash, and the best bacon I've had in a long time. We probably wouldn't eat here if we had to eat inside because the interior is so drab, but the courtyard on a pretty day is just the perfect spot for taking in some R&R. They've updated their wait system too so now they just text you when your table is ready which is *brilliant*. Huge portions of course, because 'Merica, but so good to the last bite! Consistently great service as well, though sometimes the hosts make it clear that they hate their jobs. See ya'll on Sunday!Amazing food! Our server Dane was great with our large group. The cold brew coffee is fantastic.This place is an absolute gem. My friends and I went here over the summer and we were so lucky to have stumbled across such a cute, cozy brunch spot. The food was amazing! I highly recommend getting an order of beinets.  It comes with this tasty honey marmalade with orange peels. These were the best beinets I had during the trip and, being the biggest tourists, we had them a lot throughout the trip.
What really blew me away was the hospitality of the staff. We ended up having to wait for a while because we didn't know we could place a reservation online. The staff ended up bringing our food very quickly and apologized for our wait. Despite how busy it was, we still received some great suggestions for places we should go see. I love Jersey, but that level of kindness and patience is not as common here, haha. 
Definitely worth stopping by if you're looking for places to eat! Make sure to reserve a spot online!Loved the food! Although busy our Server, Nicole, was on top of everything. Getting things for the table before we even asked!This is a great addition to the restaurant options on this strip of Magazine.  We went during prime time -- Sunday brunch.  There was a wait to sit at a table outside, so we chose to take an open table inside.  The windows are large, so we could still look out on the pretty courtyard.  I was really impressed by the friendly customer service.  We never wanted for anything, but I didn't think it was too overbearing.  
I was impressed by all of the menu options -- there was a lot to choose from!  I ordered the Crabcakes Cavallo.  I was a little dubious because I'm a big fan of Crabcake Benedict at Panola St. Cafe.  But my meal definitely didn't disappoint -- it was delicious!  The Crabcakes Cavallo is different from Panola's Crabcake Benedict in that it comes with an English muffin, red bell peppers and green onions, which I liked a lot. I definitely can't wait to go back, and hopefully get an outside table!Stayed at a house just off of Magazine. This was our fav breakfast spot!!  Wonderful menu, my husband tried a different egg dish every time and loved them all. I like their bananas foster waffle!!  You can't go wrong eating breakfast/brunch here!!!The omelets at this place are incredible !! I had the Stan's Mardi Gras omelet which was good but my friend order the Floridian omelet and I'm just know I'm definitely getting that one next time !! It was flavor flavorful, the atmosphere was nice, the only thing that bothered me was the wait for my food but it was worth the waitExcellent!!!  Banana Fosters French Toast was delicious. One of best I ever had. It's a must try! Service was amazing. Very personable. Will definitely come back and recommend!!Amazing Food, location, indoor and outdoor garden style seating. I ordered the crabstack...simply amazing.  My husband ordered the Stans Mardi Gras..party in his mouth.  Nice scenic, eclectic area.We stopped here because they had both breakfast and lunch.  I had the smoked turkey, Brie and Pesto sandwich.  It was the tastiest sandwich I've ever had.  My daughter had the Bella wrap with chicken  and my husband had an omelette and they loved them too!! I'd go back again tomorrow!!Wonderful breakfast place. Great service, coffee and food, especially the bacon!! I come here each time I'm in town.Dang, come on now... 45 minute wait for table, 30 minutes for food.  Not crowded.  Biscuits were tough and stale.  sausage patties burn your tongue with garlic.   Just a dab of gravy on the stale biscuits.  Scrambled eggs were also tough and bland. Oh and the cheese grits were just grits with cheese sprinkled on top.Awesome New  Orleans Breakfast ! 
We had the Lobster and Brie and the Crab omelette . 
Which were very good, but the star were the grits! 
The pancakes are also v good and plentiful . Two are enough.  If you add the bananas foster topping it comes out with real bananas foster sauce ( still taste the rum) pecans and whipped cream.  If you try dipping the English muffin in the sauce your taste buds will thank you! 
Better than the food was our waitress, Jennifer. She's a gem and I hope you get her.Worse experience ever.  Placed drink orders and received them promptly.  Pretty much the only thing they did correctly.  Placed our order and didn't see the waitress again for 45 minutes when our food arrived.  Omelette and grits were cold.  Never received silverware from the staff.  I actually had to go to the bar and get the silverware myself.  Never received refills.  I asked for the manager and was ignored.Great Bloody Mary and omelettes...black bean eggs Benedict wonderful ...but very sad to see their plantation pepper sauce has high fructose corn syrup...especially in New Orleans!Great for breakfast or brunch. I love the menu selection. The food is well seasoned and ordering to go or pick-up is quick and easy. I work in the area and this is always my first choice for a delicious morning mealPopeyes Favorite is really good, Pancakes are nice size all you need is one. City grits are tastyPretty cool little breakfast chain. The food portions are great compared to their price and service is always good. It gets packed up just like any breakfast spot in NOLA on a weekend or holidayOk...new to the menu is the shrimp, crawfish and andouille stuffed omelet and it needs to stay on the menu. It's topped with spinach cream sauce and jack cheese and I got the biscuit instead of the English muffin. The wait was 30 mins but we opted to sit at the bar and the bartender who took care of us was amazing. My girlfriend for the Floridian with the city grits and they were soooo good I regretted getting regular grits. The atmosphere was chill and buzzing. Definitely a must on the list for regular Saturday meet ups with my girl.My experience has been pretty bad. It too the server over 15mins to take the order and he admitted that he just forgot. I tried getting his attention but he was chatting with other folks and entirely forgot. That wasn't it I waited more than 40 mins to get my food on the table. The manager took it off the check but seriously 40 mins for a wrap at a restaurant which wasn't even super busy? Ridiculous is what it was.This place was okay. I feel that you can go to other breakfast joints for the same quality of food and slightly cheaper. I ordered the sweet potato pancakes and an extra side of chorizo breakfast sausage (ground up sausage).  First of all, my pancake was kind of thin and it was just covered and soaked in sauce that it just straight up tasted like sugar. I could not taste the sweet potato. For a better sweet potato pancake I would suggest heading over to Slim Goodies which will give you more pancakes for pretty much half the price. My chorizo side was overlooked and tough, it was also immensely spicey that the burning it created in my mouth was so bad that I could not even finish my food and somehow the pancakes made it worse. 
The upside, our server was nice and kept our waters and coffee filled, however it took her over 30 minutes after we finished eating to come back and give us our bill even after I tried to flag her down and asked someone else for it. 
The major downside? My wife and I both ordered pancakes. It took over 45 minutes for our pancakes to be served to us. Tell me, how long does it take to cook pancakes and very small ground up bits of over cooked chorizo? My wife's over-easy egg came out jut fine, but that should also be a fast cook right?
I am very likely not coming back here.Great place to stop for a late lunch during our recent visit to the Garden District. Something for everyone including delicious beignet biscuits, which are a little different than what we ate in the French Quarter, but just as tasty! 
Our family of five ordered as follows: dad had a spinach salad with balsamic chicken and a very tall Bloody Mary, teen son had a great burger with bacon (so big even HE couldn't finish it), tween daughter had scrambled eggs and a delicious chocolate milk, and my teen daughter and I share a delicious Nellie Delight, which was perfect for sharing and so filling. We all loved the oversized water glasses, and our waitress Vivian kept them all filled. 
Two orders of the beignet biscuits provided more than enough sweetness to finish our meal, and get us moving on for more NOLA touring.Great Breakfast, went on a weekday morning so NO LINES and my steak and eggs breakfast was cooked to perfection and service to us with no delay.One of the best places for brunch period. Really enjoyed the service and the food. If you come to New Orleans your trip will not be complete without comimg here... oh and you must try the cinnamin roll french toast..... mmmmmmmmmmohmygodThe menu here isn't all that impressive but they do some basics decently well.  The patio can be nice and the interior is unchanged from the previous restaurants that have been here.  Service has been inconsistent and more on the disorganized side when I've visited.  It generally wouldn't be my first spot I would choose but you generally can get seated here in a reasonable amount of time.Belongs in Atlanta with the rest of the strip mall chain restaurants. A glorified Denny's sums it up.Food was good.  Waiting on the food was longer than usual, however the restaurant was very packed during the early morning rush!  I would highly recommend going to their website or the Yelp site to check the wait time and also save your place in line prior to arriving.  We did this and once we arrived, our wait was like 10 minutes compared to the typical 1.5 hour wait. We sat outside; weather was nice and pleasant. (Birds will fly around to visit/pick up scraps/crumbs that may fall to the ground.) However the tables are quite small (party of 4), so with the umbrella in the middle, S&P shakers, sugar containers, hot sauce, and 4 cups of water; that took up A LOT of space. So when the food came, we were shuffling to combine items on plates to make more room on the table.  I have no pics, but I ordered the Bananas Foster Belgium Waffle...SUPERB!!!! I was in heaven, BUT I also have a sweet tooth!  So if your not into sweets that early in the morning, you may want to nix the sauce that comes on top. The shrimp and grits were "good"; the shrimp and its sauce was fabulous but the grits lack flavor, PERIOD. At least "some" seasoning S/P could have been added. Overall, it was a good visit minus the space constraints at the table.I'm giving them just 2 stars for the good service.The waiters are friendly and professional. 
But unfortunately, I didn't have a good experience eating Eggs Benedict with bacon for breakfast. An egg came almost uncooked and the another one overdone. Besides that, the hollandaise was bland and the muffin was not toasted quite right.I enjoy eating at this restaurant. My favorite is the fruit with waffles. Oh, the bacon is the best. Today, my waiter was Ryan he did an awesome job of serving us. Also, I enjoyed watching him dance and sing the songs that were playing in the restaurant. Thank you, Ryan for doing a great job.The brunch was awesome! My husband got the mushroom and bacon burger and I got the Lobster Brie Omlette, based upon the staffs recommendation. It was excellent!! The sauce on the burger was yummy and flavorful and the City Grits that came with my meal were to die for!! Can't wait to go back!I'm giving this a solid 3 stars solely based off the food, and the beauty of sitting on the patio in 70 degree weather. 
What killed this experience for me was the wait. We were seated, our drinks were brought, our order was taken and it took close to 40 minutes for our food to come out.  I was with out of town guests who fortunately had no where else to be, but I still felt bad because no one needs to wait that long for food.  Our waiter was nice enough, but she seemed to act like this was a common occurrence.  
Now, the food is amazing; well made with a variety of offerings on the menu.  I love how they have dietary restriction offerings.  If your gluten-free, lactose intolerant, vegetarian, or just trying to cut calories, they've got something for you.  My friend's banana foster pancakes were the crowning glory of the table.  We all three are from the plate with pancakes leftover.  I got a Cajun scramble but left the hollandaise sauce on the side (the dish doesn't need it).  They had run out of home style potatoes by the time we got there.  However, he other times I've eaten at Broken Egg I've had the home style potatoes and they're the bomb.A fantastic spot to grab brunch. NOLA inspired dishes and seafood included with breakfast. I had the mardi Gras omelette and it was absolutely fantastic. The city grits were the best part of the meal, hands down.I really like this place. First of all, their location is great. It's tucked in near a small shopping area on Magazine St. and feels secluded from the outside world. They also have a really nice outdoor seating area in the shade (important!). The line can be a little long if you're coming during prime brunch hours on the weekend but there's a CCs coffeehouse right next door so you can grab some coffee and take a seat while you wait.  
For the drinks/food. Anytime a restaurant offers a bottomless option, I'll probably be a fan. I like this one because I believe you can change out your drink for the same deal (like alternating between a Bloody Mary and mimosa for the price of bottomless)-total clutch deal. They also have boozy coffee drinks that are a little sweet for my taste but still a fun option. And their food! Their menu is expansive and there's definitely something for everyone. Their fried chicken and biscuits is my favorite. 
Overall a cute, nice, brunch restaurant with fun drinks and good food.I was here for breakfast before flying home, and ordered lots so I didn't have to eat at the airport at any of my stops. 
I had Crabcakes Cavello (which is Egg Benedict made with crab cakes), a side order of cheese grits and a glass of V8 Juice. For desert I enjoyed a Belgian waffle with the Bananas Foster topping, milk and café au lait. 
Breakfast was excellent, service was attentive, and we enoyed sitting outside on a warm November morning.
We arrived on the St. Charles Street car and walked over (8 or 10 blocks) and returned the same way after doing some shopping in the area.
(Actually, the girl at Storyville Apparel down the street recommended "Another Broken Egg" for breakfast.)Love the Black Bean Benedict.  If you are really looking for a treat, try the Cinnamon Roll French Toast!  Decadent!!!Always get really terrific meals at this place. Crab cakes on the brunch menu are delicious, as is the southwest scrambler. Our waiter Jonathan was terrific on a very busy Sunday morning.Absolutely loved this place!! Everyone was very welcoming and friendly! Our server did a fantastic job! We were visiting and it felt as good as home! The food was AMAZING! Shrimp and grits were to die for and the cinnamon roll French toast, I licked the plate! Best top 5 breakfast spots we've eaten!Straight from the airport and I just say this restaurant didn't disappoint. Breakfast was delicious! My chicken was seasoned well. My husband's shrimp and grits were great also. The cranberry mimosa was just the right touch to my breakfast. My chicken and waffles could've been a little hotter but for the most part, my food was great!Just a few things I have  been here before in the past.... never this bad for service and food .... I understand it's a Sunday but awful awful awful normally I let someone know when I'm not happy with my service but I was to upset to say anything we waited about 1hr before being seated after we were seated we ordered I know we should have left once I saw how long the wait was going to be .... But we ordered anyway ... our server seem to be New are just overwhelmed.... our food took so long to come out that my sister had to ask for a piece of toast until the food came out which when  it arrived it was cold my sister sent her pancake back there wasn't any warmth to it at all the waiter brought the food to the table with no utensils so not not only was the food cold we had to wait for silverware smh he couldn't find any so gave us plastic a totally waste of time I'm a huge foodies I've been in the food industry for over 10 years and this hands down has been the worst I hope you guys work on service for a busy day and offer to assist guest when clearly you know your house is pack touch table is a term you all need  to use had someone of management done that I wouldn't be on here with such a review !I cannot get enough of Another Broken Egg. I first came across this chain during my frequent travels to Destin, FL. As a huge breakfast/ brunch person I had to have it based on the name alone. I couldn't compare it to anything else. When I moved here to New Orleans and I saw the chain had also moved here I was excited. I couldn't wait to see what the local menu would include since most chains tweak their menus to add some local flare to it.
Immediately I noticed the biscuit beignets so that was the appetizer I chose for my first visit. Back then I had a few different omelettes and French toast on separate occasions. Most recently I've gone back and forth between the gluten free pancake and the potato sensation. I love the potato sensation because you pick which ingredients (3) that you want which add even more variety if you choose differently every visit. I've  also enjoyed the mimosas and Bloody Mary's quite a few times. 
The service is always impeccable and the servers really have great personalities. One of the places I probably tip the most because they work so hard. I've never had to wait in line for this place either. Probably due to the fact they have just as much outdoor seating and they do indoor. With it being tucked in that courtyard I forget I'm on one of New Orleans' busiest streets.Food is really excellent, portions are very generous.   Outdoor seating is a big plus as well.My hubby and I waited a whole hour... and in additional to waiting to get seated. We waited what seems like a whole another hour for our food to come out. By the time the food came out, I already lost my appetite due to the long wait time for my food to come out. My hubby and I hurried up and ate and got the heck out of this place. We won't be returning for seconds. Waste of time. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. I can't say if other locations are like that but, this one is not good.Large menu + great prices + no wait = great breakfast place
This place has a huge menu and really friendly staff.  I think the pancakes could be a bit better but they are huge and I never leave hungry.  They have plenty of dishes to choose from and I love that there is never a wait even on Sat at 10am.The people who rate this anything more than a 1-star must be paid sponsors, dupes or just plain lucky in their experience. We happened to be in the Garden District and thought this restaurant looked pretty good. The menu as very inviting and we decided to give it a go. It also looked relatively busy so, as a traveler, it usually means it's good if the locals eat there. The hostess told us there was a 30 minute wait so we put in our names.
While waiting, the hostess was rolling silverware in napkins and someone from a nearby table asked for an extra set. She gave it to them and commented "looks like we just ran out of silverware, that was my last one" which we thought meant she just needed to make more. This becomes relevant later.
We got seated about 45 minutes later and the server came to get our drink orders. We weren't quite ready to order as we had just gotten menus so she said she'd come back, that's where it got bad. The couple next to us had been waiting over an hour and still hadn't gotten their food. In the 30 minutes we waited for our server to come back we noticed several people seated before us still had menus and/or didn't have food. We watched three tables get up and leave. Finally our server came back and apologized for the delay (after we watched her take orders from every table seated AFTER us) - we assumed she was just a really bad server. I asked how long we should expect to wait for food since it looks like they're understaffed and she said they were but it shouldn't take more than 20 minutes. We ordered two burgers (with a side of potatoes) and a pancake with bacon and two eggs. 40 minutes later, and after several more tables left, our burgers showed up with what couldn't have been more than 3 spoonfulls of sorry-looking potatoes. I got the bacon delivered but the pancake and eggs were missing. The entire restaurant staff seemed to operate in turtle mode, I've never seen a collective group of employees move more slowly in my entire life. I ate my cold bacon and assumed I'd never see the pancake. That's when I noticed our silverware wasn't clean and learned that they really were fully out of silverware.
10 minutes later the pancake and eggs showed up. The pancake wasn't moist and fluffy like you'd expect but more dry and crumbly and the center wasn't fully cooked, it was odd. I will say the eggs were fine (I have to mention ONE positive, right!?). I told our server, Nicole, that I'd like our check and I expect that some or all of our meal is going to be comped because the experience was so awful. Shortly thereafter the manager, Melissa, came over and gave us each a coupon for a free future meal and told us that today's tab would be comped. She explained it's a new location and apologized for everything because they were short staffed and had run out of several things, including potatoes (thus the scant portion with our burgers). This also explained the silverware situation.
While I appreciate their efforts to make it right by comping the bill and giving us return visit coupons, I can't in any way shape or form recommend this place. They have some serious operational and staff issues and we were there in the middle of a Monday. If this is what we experienced as diners, I don't even want to know what issues are going on in the kitchen.We went to have breakfast there during our vacation. First impression: nice place. They had a patio and table in and out. Nice atmosphere. 
We sat down, table was sticky. Menus were sticky. Whatever you touched was sticky.
I ordered egg sunny side up with potatoes and fruits - they were ok.
Hubby ordered omelette with lobsters and crabs. He barely had any lobsters and crabs in them.
They had no clean utensils available. They brought us disposable ones. No napkins. We had to request he napkins. Instead of getting us regular ones, they gave us paper napkins. 
We asked for water. Never got them.
Never again at any of their chains!The food and drinks are always delicious, I recommend this place to anybody.  The staff is tremendous and very attentive and quick.One of the most blah breakfast places in the city. 
The food is basic and blah.
The waitstaff may be lovely people outside of work but here they are quite blah.
You could go to a Waffle House or an I-Hop for lower prices and better people watching.Very disappointed I come here for Breakfast and they did not have on the menu my favorites from the original location in Mandeville. Since it was lunch I decided in having the Santa Fe Burger and the Soup of the Day which was Gumbo. The burger was just a plain burger it tasted like with all the toppings on it mentioned on the menu but no seasoning on the actual burger as listed on Menu. The cook did not make the Gumbo. Best thing I ate was the pickle. I will go back to the original location as I really have never been disappointed there.We tried Another Broken Egg Cafe a few weekends ago when Shari V and I were both craving pancakes.  This was our first visit.  I am not a fan of the strip mall location, but it works out alright.  The place was not the cleanest.  The tables and silverware were all clean but it was the type of place with sticky plastic menus.  They have a nice courtyard that gets decent sun in the morning.  It's nice to have the outside dining option.
Our server was great.  He was prompt, attentive and polite.  He made some suggestions that kept us from over-ordering, which was nice.  No complaints from the service department.
Our food was decent.  I ordered the cinnamon roll french toast.  It was a combination of dessert and breakfast.  I am a guy that can handle sweet overload.  The dish was tasty but definitely will not be for everyone.  I'd rate it a 4/5.  My french toast came with eggs and a side of bacon.  The eggs were ok.  My bacon sucked.  We live in a day now where no one should have to tolerate bad bacon.  
In short, the place is decent.  I agree with many other yelpers.  The place is ok, but there are many better spots to grab breakfast uptown.  I will likely not repeat.This morning we dined at Another Broken Egg and we were really excited. We love the food, people & atmosphere from our last experience. Well, today was the complete opposite. Our sever was Collin, and we received terrible service. The two tables on either side of us received wonderful service, in a very speedy manner. My table, however, did not. We waited 30 minutes for appetizers alone. Collin said the kitchen "lost" the ticket so he stole someone else's order, which arrived to us hard & barely warm. Within the 30 minutes, we had to hint Collin down to place our food order. Once our food did arrive, Collin checked in on us about 3 minutes later and that was it. We had to hunt him down for straws also. The table next to us was seated right after our appetizer arrived. They were received promptly & their food arrived about 2 minutes after ours, considering we had ordered about 20 minutes prior. Collin continuously checked in on the table and even delivered their check without them having to ask. I had taken my wallet out as a clear sign I was ready for my check, however Collin went about other things, not bringing our check. I finally had to ask for a check that took 6 minutes to get to me. When I reached for the checked, he sat it down, as if my hand was not open. Needless to say, he received a written tip rather than a monetary one. I do not recommend this restaurant for people with a darker skin tone.It tends to be a hit or miss with this restaurant.  The food is always delicious, but last time we visited the waitress took forever to greet us.  Observing her at work she looked miserable.  I will return, but hope I don't get her again.Let me stuff of by saying that I work in fine dining, but I won't judge so hard.
My girlfriend and I sat outside because it was a nice day outside.  Our server was Nicole...  We started with a bloody Mary and a mimosa.   My bloody Mary was good,  but no spicy beans or olives.   My girlfriend's mimosa was a little warm.   We placed our order at 12:17pm,  and our food didn't come out until 1:21pm.  I got the classic biscuit and gravy, and my girl got the veggie omelette with added ham.   My food was delicious, and it came out correct.   My girlfriend's food didn't have the ham inside.   We flagged Nicole down and told her, and she went got the ham.   Then my girl ordered a water, and it didn't come with a lemon.   
We asked for the bill, and the ham that my girlfriend didn't have in her omelette was added to the bill at full price. 
I don't like hating on servers,  but Nicole could have been better.Great food! Hearty portions. Food was fresh, friendly staff. fast service. I would suggest to any breakfast, brunch lover.AMAZING. Seriously, I've heard of this chain, but the staff is actually awesome you want to be their friend. I went there during the "snowpocalypse" and they were one of the only places open. Thank GOD because I had some of the best eggs... and I'm pretty picky about my eggs. What I loved also was that they had their nutritional info on their website so I didn't have to worry about getting something with way too many calories, I ended up getting the skinny omelette (that really didn't taste skinny at all) and turkey sausage on the side. So good. 
I would recommend going just for the service alone, and I'm sure most of yall know about the food already since it's a chain. So glad to have a normal, casual, and QUICK breakfast spot in town. That takes card!The food was amazing and I ate at the bar. The only issue I had was the long time for the food and the fact that I almost ate someone else's food. It felt like it took them 15 minutes for the food. The waitress she wasn't rude but wasn't approachable either.My friends and I came here during the weekend for brunch and surprisingly there was no wait time. We were seated immediately and were starving! I ordered the biscuit beignets and the smoked salmon benny. The biscuit beignets came out quick and they were delicious!!! However, we waited awhile for our main entrees. It took almost an hour to get our food and we were surprised it took so long because we didn't have to wait for a table. Unfortunately, the smoked salmon benny was very salty. Our waitress was very nice and attentive to the table, but the only dish we enjoyed here were the biscuit beignets.Stopped by for a late lunch and had the turkey, brie and tomato sandwich. Service and food were good.Great place! Try the omelette with their freshly prepared orange juice!Good food, several vegetarians options. We have come to both breakfast and lunch and is good. Nice coffee, nice tea. My favorite things is the space outside.It tends to get pretty busy; so be prepared to wait.  Once you get settled, the food and drinks Are awesome!!! Solid bloody Mary's , and some authentic breakfast options for the area.I used to go to the Baton Rouge location all the time when I lived there, and it was great, but this location is awful. The hostess lost my name on her list somehow, so several people were sat in front of us as we waited in the cold. The server brought out our appetizers and food all at once (a pet peeve of mine), except for my dish. He thought I hadn't ordered anything at all...not sure why he thought that. When my food did come out, and to be fair it was brought out quickly after that, it was definitely sub par.  The Eggs Benedict consisted of a too thick slab of cheap ham over a burned English muffin. 
There are too many good local brunch places in New Orleans to subject yourself to this poor version of an otherwise decent chain restaurant.  Skip this one and opt for a good hole in the wall.I like this place and have been here a few times. I've gone to their Burbank, CA location too and it's just as good. They consistently prepare awesome breakfast dishes ranging from benedicts, scrambles, omelettes, waffles, etc. The whole family, young and old, enjoys their food here. We recommend their Mardi Gras Omelette, Hey Lucy Omelette, Smoked Salmon Benedict, Huevos Rancheros, Kid's Chocolate Chip Pancakes, City Grits, and Biscuit Beignets. The Beignets are fluffy. The City Grits have gouda, bacon, tomatoes, and green onions on top. They're delicious. I don't always finish them and they taste good the next day. Their service has been friendly, attentive, and efficient. On my latest visit, I was alone with my baby and they were very accommodating. They have a baby changing station and there's room inside the restroom for the stroller. There's also room outside the women's restroom to park the stroller.Went to two different restaurants for brunch on a Sunday morning and ended up at Another Broken Egg as a last resort bc the wait was so long at the other places. Knowing that it's a chain, we had measured expectations. It was great!!!
The menu is pretty extensive, offering lots of substitutions for side dishes that made it really easy to order. 
Our waiter was WONDERFUL. Really funny, friendly, super knowledgeable and helpful with the menu, and connected well with our whole party. One of the best waiters I've had in a long time. We loved our food (it was a bit rich, but we ordered rich). 
Had the biscuit beignets with honey marmalade for an appetizer and they were good, not great. Interesting for sure, like a biscuit stuffed with dough. The honey marmalade was good, but use sparingly bc it's so sweet!
I had the blueberry, goat cheese and lemon pancakes and they were to die for!!!!! My husband got the huevos rancheros, which were very average; came with way too many onions on the bottom mixed in with the beans. Grandma had the crab cakes benedict and loved them. My 6-yr old got the bananas foster waffles and they were wonderful! 
Over-all, we had a great time! The food was generally better than we expected, but nothing out of this world. Very good. The service was awesome!!!!Oh my. Goat cheese, lemon, blueberry pancakes were to die for. I highly recommend the sausage patty. A Bloody Mary is also a must. We sat at the bar to eat. Colin the bartender was awesome!Breakfast was good here. Table for 3, we had no wait time and were seated right away inside. Service was great, the server was great, food was tasty. I had the peach cobbler pancakes. Very happy with my choice!!Took my parents here for New Years Day.  This was not our intended destination, but 3 other breakfast spots we tried first were closed for the holiday.  I found this one by scouting yelp for something close to the area we were in.  The food was fantastic - but the wait was horrendous.  We got there just after 11am, we got seated after noon, and didn't get our food until 12:45.  I don't know if the wait/delay is always this bad, or if it was because not everywhere was open.  But we were all happy with the food and didn't mind the wait as much once we had full bellies.  I had the potato sensation with red potatoes, bacon, ham and red peppers.  It was very flavorful and filling, and the English muffins were fresh and moist.This places was nice and cozy.  The food was awesome. I had the shrimp n grits snd my husband had the Crwafish skillet. Definitely coming back here.Wait time said 10-15 minutes but we walked right inside no problem.  They can do gluten free to all their pancake options so of course the celiacs diseased girlfriend was ecstatic.  Nice atmosphere as super friendly staff, was a great find for my birthday!Great location- lousy coffee. No cappuccino and the regular brew is meh. Service is hit or miss. Food is generally good. ABE in Mandeville is better.I've been to this location multiple times. I love the outdoor setting! It's nice to eat on a warm or cool day. Private, yet you can view the life magazine offers. Everything on the menu is good. I recommend the kale and salmon salad, lobster and cheese omelette, and the stans omelette. The omelettes are more than enough to fill you; they're savory and make your tastebuds dance. The service is great, especially while being black, i didn't feel uncomfortable.This location has the most superb customer service I have ever encountered. I called in my order and the manager took it, telling me to come by in about 15 minutes to pick it up. I ran a bit late (5 minutes behind) but arrived approximately 20 minutes later. I explained that I was there to pick up a to-go order and he recognized me from the phone and said it was still in the kitchen and would be right out. I waited for 5 minutes max, then went to pay. The manager came over and explained that my meal was free of charge because he was late putting the order in. I was *stunned*. What fantastic customer service! I honestly didn't even notice the extra few minutes of wait-time but the gesture went a long way with me. Additionally, the food is wonderful. High quality ingredients, a bevy of options (both healthful and indulgent) and the turkey melt sandwich is delicious. Will DEFINITELY be back for more. Highly recommend.This place has what you need in the morning but the omelettes are way over cooked and the coffee was terrible - if you want orange juice and breakfast potatoes you can get them here but don't expect anything spectacularExcellent brunch/lunch! Got in on Memorial Day in 15 minutes 
Waffles Bananas Foster and CrabStack are must haves!! 
Great location during your Garden District your!I always have a great time at this cafe. The workers are so nice and the food is so good. I'll be back soon!I went on May 20, 2018. The space is wonderful and I was very excited about the menu, but the food is mediocre and bland.It was the worst experience. It took 45 minutes to get cold wrong orders...with only 3 other tables. The restaurant is dirty. No refills. Poor communication between the staff. I ordered the classic breakfast...biscuit hard gravy lumpy and cold...the homemade sausage size of a quarter.  My husband ordered a Hamburger on 9 grain. You cannot change bread type from menu. He received a bacon sandwich. The waitress stated...if you order the type of bread you receive the sandwich from the menu. If you want to wait 45 minutes with no coffee refills to receive cold food and the wrong order it is the place for you.Excellent!! My wife ordered the lobster and Brie omelet which she absolutely enjoyed.  I went more traditional but the French toast, eggs and bacon were delicious.  The bacon was the perfect blend of smokiness and crispness.      And our server was very friendly and accommodating!Food is fantastic!   Great atmosphere and the service was fantastic.   Ryan G. was spot on worth his recommendations!   Would go back without question.What can I say.. The server tried her best under the circumstances. The kitchen was very slow. We sat at the table for over 1hr before our food came to the  table. I'm not sure I would come back. 
The fried tomatoes where not cooked well. The crab cake tasted old. The eggs Benedict was cooked to hard.Best breakfast we've had in N'awlins by far !Food was good but service was shaky. 
I stopped by here after a tour of the Garden District. I was dining solo because the rest of my group had headed to the aquarium and I wanted to keep checking out the beautiful houses. It was about 2 pm on a Monday afternoon and the place was fairly busy. 
There were signs saying to ask for a table inside but the host table was outside next to the door. This made it hard to figure out where to go/who to talk to about getting a table. I showed up the same time as a couple who snagged a table by walking inside and talking to a server. Bypassing the host stand and going straight to a server seemed to frazzle the hostess. But the sign outside made what you were supposed to do confusing so it wasn't their fault.
The manager came up to the host stand as they were trying to find me a clear table outside. I told him I was dining alone and he gave me a look of annoyance. I eventually was seated and the hostess took my order. My food was dropped off by the manager (who was a lot friendlier this time). I didn't see anyone again until I was done eating and ready to pay my bill. My server seemed nice but she was also hosting which divided her attention. Diminished marks for service, definitely. 
I ordered the fried green tomato blt which was very yummy and unique. The bacon on the sandwich was nicely cooked and I liked the remoulade on top. It came with breakfast potatoes which were fine but nothing special - they were a little too well done. 
The outside seating was nice. The menu had a lot of items I wanted to try and what I selected I did enjoy. I'd say come with a group and you'll have a better time. Dining solo is an offense for some odd reason.Service is amazing !!!! If you go here for brunch get the Spiked Nutella iced latte!!! Our waitress Victoria was so friendly and prompt! The food is so good, fresh and hot and there are so many great choices I can't even start to list, but check out their menu and you'll be impressed like I am... If you dine outside you can even feed the neighborhood birds your scraps, that is if there's any left!Good morning. They've done it again. Wonderful way to stay my shift. Cajun bowl is a must try when you visit. Such a hardy portion size. It's definitely on my favorites list nowThis place was great. I ordered the lobster omelette. The sauce was super creamy and absolutely delicious, with generous portions of lobster. The waiter was amazing. Embodying the hospitality of New Orleans, the gentleman that served us was phenomenalIt wasn't great. The service was horrible. The food was a solid 5/10. I got the Black Bean Benedict and the sauce was way too spicy, and the egg wasn't cooked all the way through. Probably won't be coming back.Tried this brunch place on our list full day in NOLA. It was good, just wasn't overly fantastic. I ordered the Crab Cakes Benedict with the country potatoes and a Lemon Fennel Mary. The mary was great - just enough flavor to bring out all ther ingredients without being too overpowering. My Benedict was ok. The crab cakes were a little "mushier" than I would have liked but it didn't stop me from eating all of my meal. The potatoes, however, were very over-salted. Not a huge deal, since I was pretty full after eating all of my Benedict. My partner had the Power Waffle and he seemed pretty happy with it. Service was so so. Our server was great, when he was around. He disappeared between taking our order and checking on it - about 10 minutes after we'd started eating. 
I would try this place again on my next visit and order something different, just for another Lemon Fennel Mary.My wife and I were in New Orleans for our honeymoon and on the look out for restaurants with gluten free options. Another Broken Egg not only has a gluten free menu, but can substitute other items on their menu to really expand the selection. Excellent food. Here was a huge bonus for us though. On our first day we had Krissy as our waitress. She was super awesome and took ownership of her table and really recommended stellar dishes. We went back the next day, Krissy was there and treated us like old friends. She even helped us plan some of the events for our honeymoon. Really excellent service. It really doesn't get any better than her. We were really bummed she wasn't there when we went back a third time because it felt like less of a business relationship and more like a friendship. THAT'S CUSTOMER SERVICE!Quaint little place on Magazine St. I had a Popeye omelet and Sheryl had the traditional 2 eggs & bacon. Came out quickly, service was adequate for breakfast. Nice little courtyard area for outside dining and a cool AC'd inside for us sweaty folks. It's unseasonably humid down here for this time of year so AC is a good thing.I've eaten here twice both times later in the Morning And was Enjoyable... But staff are not morning people and the energy around the wait staff was terse..Disco  music playing in the Morning is a real turn off.. Food was Meh.. Disappointed...I'm super critical about eggs and brunch places. It's a tough market and broken egg does an acceptable job.
I will say the service was amazing and almost bordered on a little "too" attentive. But the waiter knew his stuff and was helpful.
I'm really glad we have another option for breakfast as you can't always go to Surreys or slim goodies BUT that said its kinda expensive (70$ for three people and a kid) and the food was okay. If you prides yourself on eggs you BEST deliver and frankly it was kinda bland.
The one standout. Those damned beignets with the marmalade. Truly sublime.
Also be aware the portions are HUGE. If we went back I would decidedly split an entree.I don't normally eat at chains but I'm new here and wanted a big, hearty breakfast which I know they have. Walked in and waited a full five minutes before any staff appeared, she told me to seat myself, another 12 minutes of sitting at a table without being greeted by a server and I left. A mere four tables including myself in the restaurant and they couldn't even bring me a glass of water?? Will NOT be back.