The fish was dry, overcooked, no sauce or flavor. The lemon wedge was old and hard, could not get any juice out of it. Other table guests had worse. Very few people were dining and that should be a big clue. The service was horrible. Such a shame for an iconic establishmentEstablished in 1840, it is noted to be one of the oldest family-run French restaurants in New Orleans.  It is also the place where Oysters Rockefella was invented (What?! My thoughts exactly!). The restaurant is well preserved, charming, and a living history.  Be sure to tour the 15 dinning rooms displaying memorabilia of celebrities and guests decked out in royal costumes and jewelery, historic liquor bottles , and the wine cellar that survived mother nature's wrath.  
Our waiter was very helpful and recommended me an off the menu lamb dish which was wrapped in bacon and served on top a slice of pineapple with a sweet pineapple sauce.  It was tender, good, and unlike any of the lamb dishes I've ever tasted.  For dessert, I ordered the Meringue glacee sauce chocolat which was oh so yummy! Another notable item is their complimentary bread served with Land O'Lakes salted butter.  The bread smothered in butter & dessert were a heavenly experience!Service was impeccable.  The servers have mastered the art of being constantly present and curiously invisible.  And no lengthy culinary diatribe needed.  Antoines cuisine is the same as it was the last time I visited 30 years ago.  Perfect.  Of course, the prices have changed a bit...:)
Thanks, Antoines, for being you.Oh wow it's been a minute since I've actually dine at Antoine's. And when Re suggested that we enjoy their summer lunch special, I said sure! You can't beat $20.18 for 3 courses!
To avoid parking drama, I used a rideshare into the FQ from work which worked out great both going and coming. The waiter was great and took into account that two of us had to rush back to work while the rest of the group could be more leisurely. I had the strawberry salad and the drum and the mousse as my three choices from the prix fixe. All three courses were delicious and not so huge that I felt like I was in a coma when I went back to work.
They do have a daily drink special for $2 (I think) but that day it was a screwdriver so I opted for a glass of bubbles instead which was perfect. 
We sat in a corner of the large annex dining room which made it easier to see the memorabilia on the walls. The large annex is my preference over the main dining room. 
Thanks to Re for getting me back over to this icon!Hit this on a Friday night (without reservations!), so they directed us across the street for drinks and they'd send someone to get us.  Unfortunately, we ended up having drinks, a few appetizers, and so forth, so by the time they got us, we weren't actually that hungry...
Service was so-so, (the waitress forgot to put in our order), though the management comped one of the entrees, so I can't be too critical.  We ended up with the rabbit and the duck.
The duck was good, if you like the sweet sauces (I do).  The rabbit was good, but otherwise undistinguished:  the "oyster dressing" (what we Yankees might call stuffing) was excellent, but it was effectively a side dish, so the rabbit tasted like...rabbit.Food was classic fare, building is amazing, oysters Rockefeller originated here. I can see why it took off, great expierenceI was going to rate Antoine's as one star, but my husband and my daughter found their meals to be acceptable, hence the two instead of the one star my meal deserved.
I would not have ordered the "chicken with mushrooms, sautéed with garlic, over onion rice" if I had known the rice was heavily laden with green bell peppers (I can not tolerate them, they make me ill), and the chicken and mushrooms were sautéed in a hot pepper sauce.  The description of the dish does not mention either of these ingredients.  
Not wanting to be rude, I tried to make do with the chicken alone.  There were two over-cooked, dried out chicken breast halves that were coated with gristle.  The whole dish was just awful.
The waiter assigned to our table was misogynistic to myself and my daughter, although we both were extremely polite to him.  He was training a young waiter who was nice, but that did not negate the deterioration of the quality of service from the main waiter.
The waitstaff for the adjacent table were super polite, and actually delivered some of our food.  
I can say I've been to Antoine's when asked, but it was a huge waste of money for the quality of the food, and that waiter was so condescending that I would never go back, even had my meal been perfect.Firstly, I would like to mention we just left the restuarant about an hour ago. I wanted to review it while it was fresh in my mind. My husband has been to some of the finest places all over the world and had more tasting menus imaginable. I'm a Jersey girl who just like to eat her meat and threes. This place was phenomenal for those who can meet in the middle. The dining rooms are beyond in decor and history. The servers are a mix of worldly, wise, young and bright. The food and the cocktails are to die for. We decided early in planning our trip to have the chateaubriand for two and it was in my opinion the best choice. It was cut table side, donned a delicious bark of salt & parsley and was cooked to perfection inside. The accoutrements served with stood alone as the sauces were meals in themselves. Our servers were amazing the entire service. Tyree was even kind enough to escort us on touring the rest of the rooms. He was dutiful as he still attended to other patrons but always started right back up where he left off. Winchester was also kind enough to stage and take a beautiful photo of us with our Baked Alaska dessert. Frankly, we got the best of our two worlds in a fabulous meal, with a romantic setting and with a duo that waited upon us like royalty. It's not rare to find a good meal in New Orleans but it's absolute gold to find good people with great personalities to complement it. We couldn't be more thankful!Overrated and over hyped!  Can get much better food for much less.  Tourist trap at its best!  Waiters were alright even though they did have a hard time remembering who ordered what.  Wish we had gone to Felix's Oyster Bar.Old New Orleans is right.  You wanna dine in the splendor of the nineteenth century?  Want to be impressed by the starch in your waiter's collars?  Want to have a memorable meal, the kind you talk about over other meals?  It's worth the money, and good for romance.Had to try this place as recommended by a client.  My wife and I were a bit under dressed. If you like too notch service, this is the place.  We were treated with 100% A1 service. Never had to wait for anything.  The food was impeccable. Will revisit this place again.Horrible service and horrible 'customer service'.
Everyone has heard of Antoine's Oysters Rockefeller and that must be the reason this place is still in business, people want to try that appetizer at the original restaurant. It can't be for the service or the way they respond when something goes wrong.
My family and I were in NOLA for a wedding last weekend and my brother wanted to treat the rest of us to a nice dinner. He chose Antoine's because my mother had once mentioned she wanted to try the oysters there. Our reservation was for 9:00. Not their busiest time, in fact there were only 2 other table occupied in the front dining room when we walked in. After being seated at a large round table (there were 12 of us) in the main dining room we were given the opportunity to place drink orders and menu's were passed around. That was the last pleasant treatment I received!
After a long wait where we didn't even see of our waiter on the floor we were treated to a rapid-fire monologue of the daily specials. He then proceeded to take our order (which he ended up screwing up later).
I don't think anyone was impressed with the apps at all.  I ordered the Fried Oysters on toast in Colbert sauce. When Eddie, our server, plopped the plate down in from of me (from the left!) I was treated to a drizzle of some kind of HOT liquid on my pants and shirt. Startled, I yelped (no really, I yelped). Eddie immediately started protesting innocence while simply staring at me. He eventually moved on to promise club soda to help remove the stain (which never came) and that the manager would take care of the cleaning bill. Again, a promise that was ignored later in the evening.
One of the most overly salty appetizers I have ever tried, and no one else waxed enthusiastic about anything they had ordered including the 3 who had the signature Oysters Rockefeller.
I'm not sure how Eddie decided who was going to get what entree, but it certainly wasn't based on who ordered what. Plates were handed out in what seemed random order, there were extra dishes (which he insisted were complimentary but since I didn't pay, I don't know that to be true!).
I got the Tips de filet en brochette Marchand de Vin and again was treated to an overly salty, semi-gelatinous sauce. Once I scraped a large amount of sauce off of a tiny portion of meat, I was treated to slightly undercooked beef. The word mediocre comes to mind. I also got a side of glazed carrots, they were overcooked and lukewarm.
Overall they get one star for the bread, the rest of my meal was swill and the service was spotty, lackadaisical, and insincere. 
Next time I'll go back to Pascal's Manale and shun Antoine's like the plague.Good food, gear service, very interesting location.  There is a lot of history in this restaurant.  I really enjoyed walking around looking at the decor and pictures.  The food was very traditional, not my favorite but it was good.   Enjoyed the experience.Came to NOLA for a Bachelorette Party and decided to do brunch here one of the days. We were staying at the Omni Royal Orleans, so it was down the block.
This place is highly over rated. It has a very old school vibe, as it has been around forever. But sometimes changes need to be made to keep the magic of the place alive. Unfortunately there was no magic for us. They stuck out group of 7 beautiful women in a large back dining room, which was extremely dark. Gave us a waiter who couldn't hear us speak or understand certain things we were asking for (which was very frustrating), and to top it off the food was bland and very disappointing.
I will NOT be returning here on my next NOLA visit!This restaurant has an amazing history. Founded in 1840 and Its seen the history of the Civil War, World War 1 and 2 and even the Great Depression. The menu has a wonderful selection Hors D'oeuvres, Salads and Entrees. I recommend the Filet de Boeuf Nature. The only negative was it's a bit noises.Had a very good lunch here in late-February....hadn't been here since my previous trip to New Orleans in 1997.  Dress code has definitely eased-up since my last visit!  Saw people in shorts & t-shirts here at lunch, which would not have been allowed 20 years ago.  We were dressed "nicely" since we planned to go to Galatoire's, but discovered that they couldn't seat us until 1pm when we checked-in at 10:30am.  Decided to eat at Antoine's instead since it was nearby.  I had the 3-course "$20.18 Winter Lunch Special" - Shrimp Bisque, Oysters Bonne Femme Biscuit, and Pecan Bread Pudding.  All three courses were very good.  After lunch we toured the restaurant, which is definitely worth seeing.  One of the maintenance men on the second floor took the time to guide us through the various upstairs rooms and explain the decor of each, and also took us out onto the second-floor gallery facing St. Louis Street.  The wine cellar is immense....extending for almost a city block!Had brunch, food was barely edible.  The Shrimp omelette (shrimp tasted like it been in a freezer for 20 years) was cold, bugs in coffee, Bloody Mary was like drinking straight tomato juice.  Absolutely no flavor.  Waiter looked confused the entire time, disappeared for incredibly long periods of time.  First and absolutely last time here.For a restaurant that came so highly recommended by friends, I was disappointed. Beautiful rooms and aesthetics, but the food & service was only adequate. There was a bug in one of our party guests' drink. The vegetarian option was not impressive. The best part of the evening was that our group of 9 had a comfortable room to dine in that was quiet and not crowded.I've wanted to dine here since I was a teen and read "Dinner at Antoine's".  Coming to NOLA as part of my 50th anniversary trip this was certainly worth the wait!  The restaurant is also a museum and do ask your waiter  to show you around.  Our dinner was superb topped off with a baked Alaska. I definitely would come back if I were in NO.Charles was our server.  He was the best of the best of the best.  I have never had service like this.  He made the whole lunch.  Which is saying a lot.  The history of Antoine's is legendary.  The restaurant is itself is massive, with many, many different dining rooms.
I just remember basking in the phenomenal service, learning the history of the restaurant, the meetings that took place there, how the wait staff is generations deep.  The food was also great.  I was lucky and in town during soft-shell crab season.  Mine were cooked perfectly.
I am going to make a confession though.  I love Oysters Rockefeller, or at least what I always thought was "Oysters Rockefeller".  Well, here I am at Antoine's, the very birthplace of the Oyster Rockefeller, so of course, it was the first thing I ordered.  Ugh.  Seriously, I do not know what exactly is in this dish, but it looked terrible (just  a dark green glob on top of the shell), it smelled terrible, and the taste was unlike anything I've ever tasted, and that is not a good thing.  I wanted to like these so much, and I was devastated.  However, the rest of the meal and ambiance still made this a near-perfect dining experience.The history and staff of this place is remarkable I highly recommend anyone who visits New Orleans to come here and definitely try the alligator soup its amazing all their staff is super friendly and super knowledgeable!!We had our best meal in New Orleans at Antoine's $20.12 lunch special, complete with $.25 martinis.  The food was delicious (broiled oysters, salad, chicken and trout) plus the service was impeccable.  We had an excellent server, Keyes, who was a consumate professional and a true gentleman.  He was also kind enough to take us on a very thorough tour of the building after our meal, in honor of my husband's birthday.  We will be sure to visit Antoine's every time we are in town.I came here for lunch with the friends that I was in town with on vacation. Our first tour guide recommended the restaurant. He said that the food was great and that everyone should eat in the oldest family owned restaurant at least once.
We got seated right away. In August, when we were there, they were doing a $20.18 lunch special with up to 3 cocktails for $0.25 each. We all went with the three course lunch option. Our waitress brought us the first round of drinks. One of my friends wasn't happy but we all drank the first round at least. I don't really care for cherry vodka but this cherry lemonade cocktail was so good. 
I continued on my love affair with charbroiled oysters as that was my first course. I then had the grilled Louisiana Drum. It was so tasty and cooked amazing. For the last course, I had the chocolate mousse. Definitely the way to finish a lunch. I believe I had at least 2 cocktails though I might have had all three. Either way, the perfect lunch for a Monday on vacation. 
After lunch, one of the wait staff gave us a tour of the whole restaurant. We saw parts and learned more then you do on the Food of the French Quarter. We saw the wine cellar, the room that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt would rent out, learned about the various Mardi Gras Crew rooms and saw a real working fuse box with knob and tube. 
I will definitely be backTHE ABSOLUTE BEST. We recently had our Wedding & Reception at Antoine's and worked with Derrick who was incredible throughout the entire process. From suggested menu items to bands, to follow through and PATIENCE. Let it be noted that our wedding happened during a HURRICANE and he moved the time up and they shuffled everything to make this happen for us, FIVE hours early. The actual ceremony, cocktail hour, Second Line procession and reception was nothing less than a dream. They are incredible. The ultimate professionals. The food was amazing. This is where you have your wedding, hands down. We are so grateful to the entire team. Thank you so much and we will be seeing you for years to come.My God, this is TRUE classic New Orleans! Really, this place is amazing. 
Old school no doubt but a classic by any definition. 
The atmosphere? Old south formal but not stuffy or pretentious. White linen table clothes, waiters in black tuxes, ladies in their Sunday best (OK, a few under-dressed tourists as well but it is in the Quarter) - makes for a great meal! 
The food? Classic creole. Sunday Jazz brunch started for me with a dish of the original Oysters Rockefeller. The best that I have ever had - succulent. Delicious. Rocked my world. Dining companion enjoyed a cup of alligator soup. Rich and spicy but the oysters were better. An entree of Eggs Florentine was delicious as well - perfectly poached eggs atop a bed of creamed spinach and finished with an over the top hollandaise. Oh yes. However, the ladies' dish of Shrimp and Grits took top honors this round. This was - you guessed it! - the best version of this dish that I have ever tasted. Perfect plump Gulf shrimp in a spicy creole sauce over creamy grits - excellent! Also of note - a side dish of the puffed potatoes -Pommes de terre soufflées - amazing. Sort of like a french fry but unbelievably light - the best, really. I would love to try them with a steak. 
Dessert deserves a paragraph of its own - Baked Alaska. The menu claims that this regulation football sized and shaped convection will feed 2 - I would easily say 4 to 6! Huge, yes, but damn it's good! Buttery cake, rich vanilla ice cream, perfect meringue - all perfectly browned and served table-side. It's a classic - yes, I'll use that word again! Awesome! 
I didn't dive into the wine list but I did have a passable Mimosa (not my usual drink), an kick-ass bloody Mary, and a very good glass of French Pinot Noir (aka Burgundy). I was happy! 
Bottom line: absolute, 100%, true...CLASSIC!It's hard for me to review Antoine's because my experiences have been very varied over the few times that I've been there.  Twice I've been, and I have known one of the wait staff, and the service has been OUTSTANDING without being suffocating (i.e. the waiter doesn't hover around so much where every bread crumb must get swept away immediately).  When I have had good times, my every wish and then some has been met, but when I went the other day, unfortunately, all of the waiters I knew were on vacation, and so I was stuck with what I got.  My waiter brought me trout even though I order filet mignon, so I had to wait an additional 15-20 mins while the rest of my party ate, the puffed potatoes and the usually delicious french bread were burned, and the waiter kept forgetting to bring us anything we asked for like drink refills and such.  If I pay a minimum of $40-50 per person, then I expect 5 star service especially for such a well-known New Orleans institution, but the last time I went there makes me think that Antoine's is just really over-hyped.Quarter Martinis and Lunch Special
We started with the martinis (pear and lemon drop were the choices for the day) and they just flowed. We initially thought that there would be a catch or drawback, but they are true to their word.  
Now on to the food:
I started with a cup of gumbo and it was very good.  For the main course I selected the Antoine's Louisiana Gulf shrimp Creole. It was very good also and had plenty of shrimp.  The Pecan Bread Pudding was a huge hit with the group.  Austin provided excellant attentive service and invited us to spend time looking at the other rooms in the restaurant.  We saw a museum of Mardi Gras queens and memorabilia.  The wine room was amazing.
The table next to us had the hot spiced coffee, served flaming. It smelled wonderful.  I was too full to order it, so I will save room next time.
I can easily see why this would become a family favorite.  It has now become a favorite of the group of friends and we will return!So we came for the jazz brunch, which sounded really nice online. When we got there we learned they open promptly at 11 on Sunday and not before. They had all the reservations written on a clipboard when we came in. The jazz singer was on when we walked in, which was fun and different being in NOLA, but she was done within the first 30 min we were there - so if you want to see the jazz it seems you need to get there at 11 on the dot. 
Overall the wait staff was nice, but the food really wasn't great, sadly. We had the shrimp omlet and eggs Benedict, which really weren't great. They did throw in free mimosas which were good, and a free piece of cheesecake, which made the experience more fun.
I am glad we checked this place out because it's a piece of history, and it was fun to see the old china, decor, and be able to walk around after we ate. 2 stars because of the price - it's not cheap. And at those prices you want to walk away thinking you enjoyed the meal.Great bar and bartender (the real deal).  When asked his speciality, he made us the best Sazerac.  We got lucky and asked for a quick tour and we were able to see the entire building...which was AMAZING. Old dining rooms and a "Mystery Room" wtih so much history you could feel it in the air.old atmosphere--feels historic, and apparently the birthplace of classic creole food?  had a gumbo, pompano, and peche melba.  unfortunately, over buttered, drenched fish, too soft, this is not delicate refined cooking.  gumbo without enough crabs, oysters, overcooked rice, dessert ok.Interesting bites of potatoes.   They go well with the Sazarac which is really tasty.    The potatoes were very rich. Lived the filet.For the past 20 years, I've listened to my husband rave about his first and only other experience at Antoine's.  Finally we went to New Orleans together and on our first night went to the palace of his memories.  
It was uncomfortably quiet, but with excellent service.  Not stuffy, very gracious.  Of course we split the Oysters Rockefeller, because that's all the husband talked about for 20 years.  I was unimpressed. They were so rich, and didn't taste oystery to me, just not my taste.  My salad was lame.  He loved the gumbo.  The best part about the entree was the potato puffy things.  Loved them.  I just don't appreciate the work of the french saucier as much as other people do.  
Dessert was ice cream with amaaaaaaazing merengues.  
The tour was the cherry on top, and our headwaiter was extremely gracious.  Next to the cavernous wine cellar is the Tabasco room which he informed us was the Jolie-Pitt clan's preferred dining spot when in town.  Don't miss the mardi gras room, I was awestruck.
It was worth going just to have my husband stop talking about it.  Just kidding, honey!Meeting for dinner with our friends from Texas, we were once again a party of nine, and seated immediately in what is known as the "Large Annex Room."
The short of it is that, while the food was nowhere near as bad (IMHO) as some have said, neither was it as outstanding as some reported. Service was good, not superb; food was good, neither great nor easily dismissed (as one might conclude from the comments in the other thread).
I *do* think the food is better at Galatoire's and Commander's, insofar as "The Great Dames of New Orleans" are concerned, and significantly better at some of the newer (and smaller) places throughout the city. And were it just my wife and I, I doubt we'd return anytime soon. HOWEVER, we *did* enjoy our meal, and I can certainly see us returning with a party large enough to have dinner in one of their nine (or 11, depending upon how you count) private rooms. Indeed, we'll be back at Antoine's in March for precisely such a dinner . . . .My husband and I were lured in here by the waiter standing outside, offering some cuts of their special Louisiana sausage, grilled right outside the front of the restaurant entrance. We tried it, we liked it, and we went in. From the outside you can't really tell what the ambience will be like... it was so beautiful and definitely "old world".... from the waiters to the dishes to the silverware... it was all lovely. The martini's were perfect! The food tres delicieuse.  The bananas foster divine.... Boy do I miss Nawlins!Was super excited to come here for our Anniversary dinner. Love the ambiance. The drinks were great! I ordered the filet an it was cooked exactly how i requested.
While the staff was wonderful- my husband (who never complains) became very quiet when his main dish arrived. It was very apparent that the tuna was bad. I don't know how that's overlooked in such a high standard establishment. The waitstaff were cordial about, and they immediately offered something else. But, my husband at that point lost his appetite. We didn't ask of really say much- but shocked we were still charged for his entree. 
We may give it another go in the future, but doubfutl.This was an excellent experience. Had the Gumbo, Potatoes, Warm Chicken Salad and it was all great. I don't know who had a bad experience here but mine was really good.I was so disappointed in the service at Antoine's today.  They sat us in a room with a large party.  The noise was unreal, we could not talk to each other.  The wait staff was so busy we received unsatisfactory service.  The food was good but not outstanding. A bad experience  all around.What can I say... Went twice while in New Orleans since the service and the atmosphere is on point. The wait staff was wonderful during our experience, upon arrival we asked to be seated somewhere quiet and secluded. And that is exactly what we had.We have been here for an hour and a half and JUST got our first course; our dining room is only half full, so that's not the problem. Have asked for coffee three times and it still hadn't materialized. Ladies room is out if toilet paper. Avoid this place, service is TERRIBLE. I think we could probably just walk out now and the waiter probably wouldn't notice for a good half hour.Antoine's was recommended by one of the locals.  It's the oldest French-Creole fine dining restaurant in New Orleans.  It has been around since 1840.  When we went in 2014, they had a special lunch menu wherein for $20.14, you get an appetizer, entree, and dessert.  You can also order a cocktail for 25 cents.  I don't think you can get a better deal than that!This was my first time dining at Antoine's, but we had heard many good things about the restaurant and the food. Using OpenTable, I was able to make a reservation and pre-order one of the infamous Baked Alaskas (worth it!). 
When we got there, we were escorted through various dining rooms (there are 12 in total!) to our table, where our server warmly greeted us and explained about the history of the restaurant along with the night's specials. 
I ended up ordering the Escargots a la Bourguignonne (excellent), the Cote de veau Rossellini, and our pre-ordered Baked Alaska. Everything was delicious, and I wasn't overly stuffed 2 hours later. And at the end of the meal, we were encouraged to explore the other dining rooms - absolutely gorgeous.
I'd definitely go back. It might be more of a special occasion or tourist spot, but the history and quality of Antoine's is evident from the moment you step through the doors.5 stars for fantastic service. Darrell was attentive & graciously shared with us some unique history. Food was great. Atmosphere inviting. Steak cooked to perfection.This place is amazing, literally the best mea I've ever had in my life. Went twice in three day trip. The lunch special is so good and affordable. The service is amazing, I went for my birthday and it was so fun. Plus lots of history and they invented things like oysters Rockefeller and baked AlaskaThis was our "fine dining" destination that we planned well in advance, on our first trip to New Orleans.
We had the Coolinary pre-fixe menu, and it was great.
Our server was Sterling Armoure (Silver Love) and he was an attentive and engaging waiter, who gave us some of the history of the restaurant while we dined.
Afterwards we took a quick tour of the premises, including some of the banquet rooms and displays.Went for our 10th wedding anniversary. Open Table said they had made a reservation in my name months ago, but apparently it didn't actually go through, or they used another name for some stupid reason. Antoine's was kind enough to seat us despite the confusion. Our waiter, Eddie, was fantastic and extremely knowledgeable about both the food, the drinks and the history of the restaurant. If you go to Antoine's, ask for Eddie! It was a great dinner and a wonderful experience for our 10th anniversary.I had wanted to like this restaurant. I really did. 
We were going to be late for our reservation and the hostess was very accommodating, which was nice considering there was a wedding party that same night. Our waiter was attentive and extremely friendly, but it ends there. The food was sub-par. The oysters Rockefeller we ordered as an appetizer were disgusting. I've enjoyed my fair share of seafood from both East coast, West coast, and internationally and this was so disappointing for NOLA. The oysters were small, covered in a cloyingly salty sauce. All of our entrees were lukewarm. I ordered grouper. It would have been a fine dish if I could have over looked the fact that my meal was practically cold when I received it. I did get a complimentary pair of champagne glasses from the Hermes bar which was nice. 
I'm hoping that perhaps they were just overwhelmed by the sheer volume of people present that night and so things were less than stellar because of that. I would be willing to give this restaurant another try, but perhaps on another, less busy week day.We went here for brunch because it was less expensive than the dinner menu and I am glad that we did. It was a jazz brunch in the dining room that we were in, with a small group playing songs but not so loud as to preclude any conversation. 
I had the regular brunch menu with a poached egg, my gf has some oysters. Both were quite nice. 
The best part was looking around the place afterward, I think the staff said there were 14 total dining rooms. Some are themed for the Mardi Gras krewes such as Rex. There was an impressive wine cellar as well, supposedly the second largest above ground in North America. 
This was a great restaurant that you should check out on your trip to New Orleans.Wow. This place is AMAZING. We had the "COOLinary" menu, which was an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I started off with a French 75 and my bf had a Sazerac. Both were refreshing and delicious. My appetizer was the Shrimp Regua, which was like a mayo-spiced shrimp over a fried tomato/salad. The bf had the oyster trio which he enjoyed. My entree was an insanely delicious fried soft shell crab with a potato/onion mash. I literally died and went to heaven. For dessert I had the bread pudding, which was like a perfect combo of butter and sugar. Coming from CA, I'm not used to this amount of non-quinoa and veggie food, but I'm very pleased (even though my arteries probably hate me).In a word - horrible!!! The food was terrible, the prices high, the portions small, the service awful. If this represents New Orleans cuisine at its finest (recommended as such by locals), then I'll stay in and cook the next time I visit. We went to Antoine's at around 12:30 on Sunday; there were several empty tables and lots of waiters. Yet we waited quite awhile each time we needed a waiter (for water, for bread , for more of each, to take our order, to bring our order, to open our bottle of champagne; in fact, the only thing they were prompt about was bringing the check when we were finished). My husband had the Oysters Rockefeller for an appetizer - the dish was dry, visually unappealing, and hardly had any oyster flavor at all. I ordered the puffed french fries and they were delicious - the only good thing besides the bread in the whole meal. My husband had the crab cakes and I had the fried oysters (supposedly with bacon and a sauce). His were mushy and bready with very little crab essence; my oysters were more breading than oysters and the chewy part predominated. No bacon flavor present. Each entree came with fried asparagus - this was 2 spears each, deep fried - ugh!!! SUCH a disappointment!!!!!Came here for the 2015 lunch special and loved every bite. The charbroiled oysters were to die for. The lunch special for the year is a fantastic way to try this pricy place, $20.15 for a fixed menu with some great choices. They treat you so well here. Our waiter was Terry and he was great. The rest of the staff we interacted with were so friendly. I was very impressed with the service.I read a review on here that says the service at Antoine's is a "time honored tradition" Does this mean it's always been awful?
I'm going to give this three stars, based on history alone. I think you kind of have to come here to make your New Orleans visit complete. 
We came here with four of the party of six  and arrived a little before our friends and reservation time. Disappointed there was no bar to wait at, we asked to be seated at our table. The waiter was very friendly and took us on a tour of the restaurant as it wasn't really busy yet (points for this) I could spend all day looking at the pictures on the wall of all the famous people that have eaten here!
The other couple arrived and we had another round of drinks then contemplated ordering dinner. Unfortunately, the restaurant had filled up a lot by then and our waiter was nowhere to be found. The way Antoines assigns servers to  tables is very bizarre by restaurant standards. The Servers do not have a "section" but rather take the tables either by request (they've been here a long time and have regular customers who have preferred tables) and randomly as they walk in the door (this is how our server of 35 years explained it to us). So, he or she may have tables to wait on in different rooms of the restaurant....which makes them very hard to flag down.
Dinner was good, not fantastic, but I can live with that because you're here for the history, not gourmet cooking, right?  I didn't care for the house dressing, particularly since I asked for Roquefort and they got it wrong, then promptly disappeared before I could ask to have the correct salad delivered. Oysters Rockefeller were good,  shared Chateau Briande pretty good as well. We had several bottles of wine on the table, and had to pour our own, and reuse wine glasses from bottle to bottle as there didn't seem to be anyone around to exchange them. 
Ordered dessert but it never arrived, so after about half an hour we finally caught our waiters eye and got the check. Over 1200 for 6 people, so not the most expensive but not worth what we paid.
Long story short, make a reservation, come here once so you can say you did. 165 years of continuous family ownership is a part of history to partake in.  Just like your own  family reunion, it's something to go see and be part of,  but not necessarily enjoy.We were really looking forward to the dining experience at Antoine's. Anthony, our server, was an exceptional waiter with a charming personality.
The meal began with Antoine's famous Oysters Rockefeller. We were put off by the color followed by the taste. The spinach mixture was bland and did nothing to enhance the oyster. My mother who eats everything left 3 on her plate.
Next came the wedge salad which was overdressed with a heavy hand of salt, almost inedible.
We were then served the shrimp gumbo that had only 2 tiny pieces of shrimp appearing as it they came directly from a can void of taste.  
Two people in the party ordered the much anticipated french onion soup.  I need to say no more  other than it was inedible and left untouched after one spoonful. Traditional french onion soup is served with Gruyere cheese over a baquatte with broth.   The cheese...well what was it?..we could not tell.  The broth was thickened to gravy consistency with no onions flavor.  Last , against our better judgment, we ordered desert, Antoine's famous bread pudding.  The bread was an odd consistency with an overly sweetened whipped cream with rancid nuts.  Again the service was five star but the food did not even deserve one star.  It is possible we visited the establishment on an "off day."  We write this review only so that Antonines can improve not upon their service, but upon their food hoping they return to the Antoine's everyone loves and comes to the French District to enjoy.Fantastic location, fantastic vibe, fantastic food and super fantastic service by Eddie.  We saw a piece on CBS Sunday Morning about this place and made it our destiny nation for my husband's birthday.  To top it off, Eddie gave us a tour of all the rooms in the restaurant along with some history.  :-)Beautiful historic building.  Total tourist trap.  The kitchen isn't trying because they don't have to.  Sad.  Food seriously mediocre.  Service provincial. Way overpriced.  A joke really.Amazing service and food. You'll be treated like a king or queen. Ask to get a tour of their restaurant and cellar.Been sitting here for 20 minutes with no acknowledgement from anyone. The servers are walking right past us. Other diners who arrived after us have their cocktails already. When I plan to spend a couple hundred on dinner I expect a bit better service. We flagged down a waiter (Asian guy who was very apologetic) and complained. He found our waitress, Tonya who appeared a good five minutes later with no apology. Hoping the food is good but what a disappointment. Will not be coming back.
The manager came by and apologized and comped our drinks and appetizer which we appreciated. Tonya eventually apologized and blamed their system as to why we were ignored. She was helpful the rest of the night but it seemed very strained, almost like they told her she'd be fired if she didn't shape up. Just generally a miserable person. Tom however (the previously mentioned Asian guy) was GREAT! We were not his table but he apologized several times throughout the night, told us to ask him if we needed anything and professed how much he liked his job and the company and he wanted us to leave with a positive experience. Now HE needs to be promoted and someone else can pour the water (Tonya perhaps?). 
We ordered the pommes de terre soufflees as an appetizer which were described as puffed potatoes, one of their specialties. Well I'm glad they comped that on our bill because what we got were 8 puffed potatoes but it was exactly like eating a Lay's potato chip but in 3D. Tasted fine because who doesn't like chips but chips at a fancy French restaurant? 
I got the bisque d'ecrevisses which is crawfish bisque. This was not a bisque and the liquid was almost black, not appetizing to look at. It tasted fine but not what I wanted.
For dinner we shared the filet de gulf poisson aux ecrevisses cardinal which was a fried filet of fish with a creamy crawfish sauce. This tasted very good.
Overall, not impressed, had better food and service at almost every other place we visited while visiting New Orleans. The only reason I gave 3 stars is for TOM and the fact they comped a few things. Please acknowledge Tom, he's an employee you should be proud of and thankful to have.I went here expecting great food, but it was just good. The place itself is very impressive and historical, and it was an interesting experience, like getting in a time machine and going back to old New Orleans.  I absolutely hate going downtown though and since the food was sloppy and underwhelming I doubt I will go back. If I'm going to pay for fine dining I don't expect my fish to be swimming in a goopy cheese sauce. The service was great in spite of the sub par food, and we got a bottle of wine for $35... Not too bad.Cool old school New Orleans eats. So much has been written about this place so I'll just summarize.
We had lamb chops, soft shell crab, fish with lump crab, and filet mignon. All of the entrees were delicious. Escargot app was nice. The oysters Rockefeller is horrible. I don't know how this bland looking baby food tasting spinach goo has stuck around so long but we couldnt throw down more than one of these. We're seafood lovers and I've never seen this dish made like this. It's disgusting.
For the $$ service is unfriendly and not very good. 
Nice to check this out and cross it off the list but we won't go back.I can't believe this restaurant doesn't have five stars!!! Matthew, the general manager, gave us a tour of all the historic, beautiful rooms. He was so nice and introduced us to everyone who worked there. He even gave us a private room! The food was amazing! We were treated like we go there every night. The food was worth the price, I loved every single inch of this place. I will come back every time I'm in New Orleans.Had a group set up in the Rex room for the luncheon special. Soft shell crab was awesome. .
. 25 cocktail of the day was also goodDon't go to Antoines unless you want your credit card compromised! That is what happened to 3 of the 4of us who went on Fri. 1/11/13! We should have turned & walked out when we arrived as there was no one in the restaurant's 2 large dining rooms we walked thru to get to our private dining room. Food was ok but what an ending. Nothing has been done about it altho 3 of us reported it & they promised to get back to us.To be fair, we had no entrees, just tapas, apps, oysters rock, and shrimp cocktail.  I love seafood and oysters and one oyster here was enough for me.  Shrimp were nothing special.  We heard this place was riding on its rep.  Over rated. Go someplace else.Excellent, traditional New Orleans restaurant founded in 1840 and still run by the original family.  Start with the luncheon (not lunch) special during the week with the 3 course meal for $20.18 (in 2018) and the cocktail of the day for 25 cents (yes, "cents").  You can also tour the other historical rooms.  Mind-boggling value!Crabmeat Raigotte was great. History was refreshing and traditional New Orleans. Food was ok.Went here last night with my family, boyfriend and his mother. We were seated right away in the front dining room -- the "less formal" area, which is were they put you if any of your number is wearing jeans.
Our waiter went through the usual spiel, sold us on 4 different appetizers within about 5 minutes of being seated. The only hiccup with his service was that he talked so fast and was so presumptuous that my sister accidentally ordered a baked alaska, which we later canceled when we realized our error.
The oysters rockefeller were amazing, as you would imagine. Escargot -- -- garlicky, hot, perfect texture -- everything really was quite superb. Predictable most of us were full by the time our entrees arrived, but my softshell crab was the best I've ever had -- very very lightly battered with a touch of lemon.
Overall, delicious, if predictable. Antoine's does the classics, and they do them well. A must for visitors, but make sure you're well-dressed and make a reservation so you get seated in the "good" dining room. Get the escargot and the soft shell crab, and make sure you don't accidently order a seventeen dollar dessert!I went here with my mom today for Sunday brunch, and it was a mixed experience. Our waitress was personable and friendly, I was excited. We both ordered the filet, medium rare. My mom's steak came out medium, and mine was fairly well done- there was zero pink. It's $35 for a 3-4 oz steak, 2 pieces of asparagus, and a few mushrooms. On top of that it's an extremely well-established, fancy restaurant. I expect the medium rare filet cooked with at least some pink. 
Our waitress had a 20 top in a different room, and we were her only table in a giant ballroom. That being said, she wasn't able to come back to check on us for a while. I understand, but really she should have been able to focus on that huge table, and we should have had a waiter with tables nearby.
When she did, she agreed it was overcooked and another was brought out in only 5 minutes. The second steak was borderline raw/super rare-
 cold to the touch. I couldn't believe I was doing this again, but it's just not worth it to me to get sick. When the waitress finally came back, I showed her the raw meat. It's awkward because it's been some time, at this point my mom has been done eating for a long while. Details like this, eating our meals separately, spoiled this special occasion restaurant. Then, the waitress was going to bring a third steak. Obviously at this point I'm not interested in trying a third time, we were ready to go. She even commented that they don't get customers complaining of the steak temp, which is kind of rude. I took it as if I'm in the wrong. 
I thought it was pretty assumed, sending back a second uneaten steak and refusing a third, that we wouldn't be charged for this- but I was wrong.  She was really friendly before this, but once mentioning we figured she'd take it off the check, she fell flat and was clearly not happy. We didn't see her again either. That first steak was edible but not what I ordered, but the second one was very questionable on my stomach.
The atmosphere and music was great. If it wasn't for this odd experience it would have been a really nice time. We're not sure if we'd return.Went here for the $20.10 lunch special and 25cent martinis. The service, ambiance and especially the food was amazing. I had the stuffed trout, very good. The waiter gave us a full tour of the premises after lunch which was amazing. The mardi gras costumes upstairs are a hidden treasure.One of the most excellent restaurants I've dined at in the French Quarter!! Absolutely top notch!! The filet will melt in your mouth, so tender they give you a butter knife to cut it with!!! This place is worth the money so give it a try!!This is a perfect restaurant if you enjoy French/creole charm and food. The chargrilled oysters & turtle soup are fantastic. The lemon martini is very tasty.Walking towards another restaurant we stumble upon Antoine's and noticed the lunch pre fixed menu. We went in got a table, but what most stood out is that they were very accommodating to my 8th month old. We had a few servers tending to our table and they all made sure she was okay and comfortable. The food was delicious and not to mention the 25 cents drinks ! I felt like I was back in the 1800's with the southern service and kindness.Oldest continuously operating restaurant in New Orleans.   Amazing experience.  Note.  They do a $20.18 three course lunch.   With 25 cent cocktails.  No kidding.    But.  They cut you off at three. Great food.  Great staff (thanks Mike!).  Would highly recommend.Upstairs dining room with the full extent of all the hospitality that NO-LA can offer. Included the house special Oysters Rockefeller (Sp?) and various other cooked oyster dishes as well as fish and steak. And copious STRONG WATERS! However the highlight was the speech from the head server about the history of the place and how he served Geo W and Clinton, him and his buddies have minimum 20 years experience and he just started his son there. Lovely people, lovely night. BONSOIR ANTOINE ET MERCI! A la prochaine!!I wanted to give Antoine's two stars, but considering the prices I just can't.  The food is awful, the service just barely adequate.  This is one place that is truly resting on its reputation, and making no effort to provide a decent product.
We had the trout almondine, softshell crab, creamed spinach, and puffed potatoes.  I also had Antoine's trademark Oyster's Rockefeller for an appetizer.  I can't recommend any of it, for it was all truly, uniformly bad.  I also had two glasses of their house cabernet, which was served in a very small glass and was just barely drinkable.  Yes, I've had worse glasses of house wine, but at these prices you expect something decent.
For this host of horrors, we paid over $150.
AVOID!Amazing service food great always a good choice in the Quarter, great history you can walk around and we left very full and satisfied! Will returnI realize that this restaurant has been around for 160 years but that how the food looked and tasted. Old and tired. With so many good restaurants in New Orleans there's really no excuse for this place.This place is amazing. Oldest French Creole restaurant in the quarter, awesome fine dining! Family owned and very authentic. Favorites are Rockefeller Oysters, Grilled Tenderloin, and Baked Alaska! They have an awesome wine list because they have a humongous wine cellar. This place has 14 dining rooms! We were so lucky that our waiter was kind enough to give us a complimentary tour of the whole place! Their dining rooms are perfect for special events, secluded, and almost can make you feel like you're part of an elite society. But don't be intimidated because all the private rooms are available to anyone for booking as long as your party meets the number of people. They have an awesome balcony that overlooks the quarter; almost perfect for Mardi Gras. I highly recommend giving this place a try!It was with some trepidation that I reserved a table at Antoine's, especially after having read many a review that this was one of those places that lived on reputation alone, and that the waiters were belonged to that archaic, snooty caricature.
And while the former may be somewhat true, I'm pleased to say that the latter? Not necessarily so. At least not in our case.
I suppose it depends though. We must have lucked out with our waiter 'Charley,' who really made our evening. He was the perfect Southern gentlemen, even going so far as to give us an after dinner tour of the entire premise (replete with many a personal anecdote), and what a place it was.
But I'm getting too much ahead of myself- Let's begin with the appetizers!
On our waiter's recommendation, we ordered two of each oyster. Now me, personally? I've never been a fan of oysters. Always hated the damn shellfish. But it's New Orleans, and it's Antoine's; birthplace of the famous Oyster Rockefeller. How can I say no to that?
And boy am I glad I said yes. It was absolutely delicious, and this is one of those rare moments where a single dish made a convert out of me.
As for the main courses, the food was ridiculously rich and decadent (in a good way), but unfortunately so too were the prices- but nothing comes easy in the Big Easy! 
I'd ordered the filet de truite amandine drenched in béarnaise, and the serving size was pretty generous. Still, I finished every last, savory bite, much to the amazement of the bus boy. But it was that good.
Like I mentioned earlier, our waiter gave us a tour of the place, and it was really an interesting one. There were rooms frozen in time, celebrating a mardi gras that time forgot. There were chandeliers everywhere, secret passageways, and unbelievably enough, even a dungeon.
But the place doesn't belie its age. Faint odors haunt the upper floors, and so too do Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie, we were told- if that's your kind of thing.
All in all, it was truly quite the experience, and one I cannot recommend enough to any visitor to New Orleans. Go for the dinner, but stay for the atmosphere.So this place is part of New Orleans history, it is literally an institution, i don't think there is a person on staff who has been working there less than a decade and most of them are sired by past waiters, they have family legacies there and the service reflects it. Antoine'se has something like 10 dining rooms and they are all always full so make a reservation. This place is an experience and a lot of fun but not quite what it used to be, if it i not to busy they will give you a tour of the wine cellar (one of the largest above ground in the country) and the cigar room. The meal will start with fresh hot french bread that is spoil your dinner good. I had the lamb that was easily the best I have ever had, I can't help but salivate just thinking of it now. So  as good as meal started it the sides were kind of a let down, the were not bad just no where near the nirvana that the proteins are. I will say that the sauted mushroom are amazing but for $16.00 they should make me skinny and look ten years younger. I was told that it is tradition to get the baked alaska  which must be ordered at the beginning of the meal, so the kitchen has time to make it. This dessert says it is serves two, that is a bold face lie, you can easily feed 8, this thing is giant and while it was good it was a far cry from great. The pound cake seemed very sara lee. It was good but nothing to write home about. I say save your money and eat the bread, there are pralines and beignets in walkable distance that would make for a much better dessert. It seems that Antoine's is a bit of that little girl with the curl in the middle of her forehead. What they do well is phenomenal, but the things they don't are pedestrian at best, you just have top know what to order to make the night something really special.I'd like to dedicate (read:blame) this review on my husband since he chose this place. Let's keep it simple: this place pretty much ruined our New Year's Eve this year. 
To elaborate:
We had a reservation at 7pm, and were pretty much seated right away (and this is pretty much where the vast majority of the positives stop). 
Our waiter, Kevin, was an absolute MESS! Seriously, we go out to dinner 2-3 times a week and I haven't had a server as bad as Kevin in YEARS...I'm not elaborating.
It took him nearly 20 minutes to even come to our table. Then we ordered drinks and a bottle of wine. He actually sat the ice bucket with the win in it ON THE GROUND! Seriously?! The ground?! Isn't that a sanitation code violation?
After being there for about 30 minutes, we finally got to order. I will briefly state that they did not have things that were on the menu, mainly appetizers, but I won't go into specifics. 
Next, our food took over an hour to arrive. At one point, another woman waitress came over to apologize and she offered some of our party of 4 free soups, but not everyone, which was slightly odd. They had the alligator soup and that was the only part of the meal that 3/4 of us liked. 
By the way, after he took our orders, we did not ever see Kevin again until he picked up the bill. Didn't ask us if we wanted more floor-wine, didn't ever apologize for the meal taking so long, didn't bring us our checks, or offer us dessert.
Our meals came...by this time we are approaching the 9:45 mark (remember, reservation was at 8). Two people ordered the filet mignon, 1 of them medium, 1 of them medium rare. They came out BLUE....blue meaning less than rare.
My friend ordered the soft shell crab. It came out ice cold and chewy. She couldn't even eat it. I ordered the garlic chicken, and my meal was practically the only edible one.
By the time we left, it was 9:55 at night...way to kill our New Year's Eve on Bourbon Street. We barely had time to get a drink inside a bar.
I know some people may be thinking that the service was terrible because they were crowded since it was NYE. No. There were empty tables the entire time we were there. 
Honestly, it was 1 of 2 things: It was Kevin's first day...on planet Earth or Kevin was on drugs. Can't tell you which. Maybe both.
EPIC FAIL!!! Worst NYE dinner EVER, worst food in NOLA, DON'T DO IT!!!!Finally had the original oyster Rockefeller. It lived up to the hype. Truly amazing. A must try when in the French Quarter.Antoine's was average. The gumbo was quite tasty but the rest of the meal was lackluster. Great service though!Old classic!  Four of us had dinner on a very busy evening.  We were not in a rush, but the food did come out slow.  The waitress was attentive and apologetic but we did not complain. After dinner they offered any after dinner drink we would like, on the house - nice touch.  Anyway, the food was great, atmosphere was nice, service was attentive. We will go back again next time we are in town.You can't beat the $20.18 lunch with $0.25 martinis.  We got the oldest waiter and he was still on his game after 50 years! We had the oysters, drum fish, and bread pudding and loved all of it.  Good portions so you don't overeat.  The martinis that day were Madris and very tasty.  Lovely atmosphere.Amazing! My husband and I went to Antoine's for a date night and had the best experience. Boudreaux and Terrence were an absolutely wonderful service team. They gave us a ton of fun history about the restaurant itself, it's guests, and fabulous menu recommendations. The oysters Rockefeller were the best we've had, the cocktails were delicious, everything was so yummy!Sometimes the service makes 'okay' food, 'great'. Antoine's staff make it known they appreciate your business. I would say definitely check it out, but don't go to be blown away by the food, however, know you'll be pampered and treated very well. Locals say it is a tourist trap.
We knew that bit of fact but still went for small nibbles and drinks--especially upon my insistence to try "The" Oysters Rockefeller. Ordered that and escargot in red wine sauce.
Eh.
They were mediocre and nothing memorable. Escargot are always drenched in garlic, giving you no chance to taste the delicate meat. I was disappointed that Antoine's was the same garlic mess. The red wine sauce was nice for soaking up with the fresh French roll they bring to the table. As for the 'famous' Oysters Rockefeller; it was actually gross. I love oysters, raw, grilled, fried and even smoked. These medium sized suckers were covered in a dense, greenish pâté, which made me suspicious of being foie gras (which I dismissed based on the price of the dish). But I was so suspicious of the goop, that I spooned it off anyway.
But, the staff were incredibly nice, polite and attentive; as a matter of fact, so nice it made me uncomfortable... felt like the "South". When they found out it is our anniversary, they brought us complimentary champagne and dessert (and canceled the dessert order we had placed earlier).Been to Antoine's many times for dinner but the summer lunch special was pretty bad. The charbroiled oysters and bread pudding were good but entrees were not up to par and terrible service. Hope dinner is still good but they're not trying at lunch. More like cafeteria food.I treated myself to a belated birthday dinner the day after. I was ready for a foodie experience. I figured since Anthony Bourdain listed Antoine's as his #1 choice for dining in the French Quarter it seemed to portend a tasteful adventure. It was late in the day after walking for hours from Lafayette Cemetery in the Garden District I arrived peckish and tired. But not hungry in particular. I decided to try the Alligator Bisque. I was looking for regional influences and decided to try Fried Oysters on toast points with pate. For my third selection I went with Escargot in Garlic, Butter and Herbs. The bisque flavor profile was somewhat muddy and could have been chicken to quote a much-used phrase. The fried oysters arrived without any detectable pate. The Escargot were delicious! One out of three?!! Could Bourdain be this off his game??? The waiter asked me how I was enjoying the meal. I confessed my disappointment with with the oyster dish and asked where the Pate had gone. He asked if I wanted to voice my concern to the chef. I pondered the possibility he/she would get in trouble and decided that a little kvetching could only help and not hinder. To make a long story longer Vinny the manager asked me what was wrong. I pointed out the naked toast points. He asked about the other dishes. I answered that I had no appetite and was merely celebrating my birthday 9/17. That's when the magic happened. Vinny's mother and I share a birthday. I'm battling Stage IV metastatic cancer and she is a 4-time winner. Toast point with a thick slice of Fois Gras appeared along with desert (Peach Melba and a glass off 20 year-old Sandman Port). I've miraculously totally forgotten the bisque and the oysters (I'll never eat them fried again) On-The-Half Shell forever! Vinnie's Mom and Dad are praying for me and I feel like I'm part of the family. Manager Vinny told me I's better check in and let them know of my progress. I don't feel orphaned any more. My family just got bigger!!! There's more to the story. But the review is up above. I certainly had an exceptional experience. New Orleans charm abounds!Had a good meal, but I got the feeling that there are two levels of service here - one for locals who know someone and one for tourists. Not that there was any thing really wrong with the food or service - just not what I expect from this pricey and highly touted establishment. The shrimp cocktail was outstanding, mostly owing to the high quality of the shrimp. The soft shell crab was good, but I have had better here in town. Baked Alaska was good but definitely too much for two people.  Watch out if you are ordering ala carte, the bill adds up quick. With a bottle of less expensive wine it was over $100 per person. Would try it again, but have your hotel make a reservation.Went here with great expectations based on all the hype.  Big, big, big mistake.  There were four of us and all of us were disappointed by our entrees.  I out of curiosity had the oyster three preparation method selection and thought it was okay, although I rarely eat them so I wouldn't be a good judge. One of the others had the same thing and thought the oysters were not cooked enough.  One of the other party's pork chop was run of the mill, not anywhere as good as one he had experienced at a prior restaurant.  I had the beef tips of which I could not taste the beef as they were drowned in some kind of overwhelming barbeque sauce.  Should have rinsed them in my water glass. The place has been around since 1889 and is still alive only because of its past reputation.  The last time I saw chairs like the ones we had were at a 1949 grammar school cafeteria.  The room was like a big warehouse, no ambiance at all.  I think I was witnessing the death throes of a landmark.  Avoid the place, to many others restaurants to go to that are serving excellent food.  If you decide to go get drunk somewhere first so you may not remember this place the next day.Antoine's has fantastic food and ambience, but is unfortunately lacking in the details.
I came here for dinner on a recent visit to NOLA and was impressed by the delicious food, but disappointed in the service. 
First the good: everyone's meals (including cocktails, steaks, salads, and appetizers) were delicious. I took advantage of the Coolinary Restaurant Month deal (three courses for $35) which based on Antoine's regular prices is a steal. The pork I ordered was fantastic and I sampled a friend's steak which was incredible.
Unfortunately, that's where the raving has to end. Because Antoine's dropped the ball on the details. Little things added up throughout the course of the meal: we were left unattended for about 10 minutes after being seated despite being ready to order drinks and food. Asking the host to send our server over yielded negative results. Drinks arrived without the appropriate garnish (acknowledged by the bar server) and salad dressings asked for on the side were included in the salad. These were all small things, but when you're paying $40 for a steak without any sides...I expect the service to be impeccable.
If you're looking for a fancy night out, I would have to recommend heading somewhere else.Awful experience. Came here for dinner on a Tuesday night, the host could not find out reservation because we made it earlier that day and they print out all off the reservations for the day instead of having a computer. 
We were under the impression that this was a formal restaurant and dressed the part but soon realized that it didn't matter what we wore. There were people dressed in jeans carrying fanny packs. 
For a pricey place, the food is mediocre at best. Nothing tasted fresh. We opted for the prefix menu and it was just plain awful. I understand that this restaurant has a lot of history and has been around for 175 years but that is not excuse for the abysmal food and poor service.I was sooo excited to go here because it was my first time and I heard so many of my friends rave about this place. We reserved a private room for a special occasion. When we arrived, it took them 20 minutes just to seat us, then we waited an additional 20 minutes (or more) to have a waiter come take our drink order and give us menu's. I ordered the trout... it was tasteless, and quite costly... over $35 to be exact... for JUST one piece of fish and no sides or anything. My husbands steak was mediocre at best. Our bill was over $200 for one low-priced bottle of wine, one appetizer and two entrees with no sides. I would absolutely never go here again. I have food 10 times better for a third of that price. Save your money and go somewhere else..... anywhere else!Walked right in the front door with a warm greeting from the host. Promptly sat down to a clean table layout. Our waiter Winchester was very attentive and courteous. Oysters Rockefeller were perfectly prepared as was the rest of our meal. I've eaten at plenty of fine establishments and this was in my top 3.  My son was only using his fork to cut into his chicken breast.Great food from start to finish. Started off with amazing cup of gumbo. Then ate the filet with the red wine sauce and it was great. Girlfriend had the fish and it was delicious too. Lastly ended with the Alaska bake which was incredible. They then gave us a tour of the restaurant, incredible historyAntoines was our last meal for our long weekend visit.  Tried the "coolinary" special that was suggested by a lovely lady at the NOLA cooking school (thank you!)  Service, food and the tour of the place were AHmazing.  Tried the original Oyster Rockefeller~ Glad we dressed "fancy" but even if you dress like a tourist they will still accommodate you.  We will definitely be back.
Attentive wait staff in a historical setting and a meal that did not disappoint.Every good thing you've heard is true. Authentic fine dining in the heart of the Quarter, with service to match. Our head waiter Winchester was happy to make "Off the menu" suggestions and we were smart enough to take his advice! 
Only one suggestion to management..... enforce a dress code please. It really does elevate the atmosphere when everyone makes an effort.One of the most memorable restaurants I've ever had the pleasure of visiting. Not only is their food absolutely wonderful, the service was fabulous. Be sure to request a tour of the historic building. You have not fully experienced New Orleans until you've been guided through the halls and rooms of Antoine's. What stories those walls could tell!Biggest dissappointment in New Orleans. We were ushered past scores of empty tables into a back room where the tables were not even set. We felt like stepchildren even before the meal. For $100 per person (only one glass of wine even) it does not compare to so many other less costly top restaurants.  Food very average and way overpriced. No garnish even on a main dish plate of grilled fish. Service very unprofessional and bordering on sloppy. I live here and will never return.Very good NOLA iconic restaurant. Great touches with the numbered card on your Oysters Rockefeller order to the phenomenal service. Great time!This was my second trip to Antoine's. The first of which was for lunch. We were seated after 2 to 3 minutes. Unfortunately, the waiter forgot about us and we sat at the table quite a while waiting for service. After about 10 minutes, we asked a waiter that walked by for service. He said he would get someone and one appeared a few minutes later. They jumped on it after this as they knew we had been waiting for some time. They did forget to bring us silverware until after our appetizers were brought to us. 
We ordered the lunch specials. The drink of the day was a pineapple lemonade that was pretty good. You could taste alcohol in it which I was impressed with considering it was a .25 drink at lunch. I got for an appetizer the chargrilled oysters. The waiter brought us extra bed. For the entree I got drum amandine for my entree. It was really really good. The amendine was served on top of rice. For desert, I got the meringue glacee au chocolate. The fudge that came with it made it very rich. 
Outside of the wait for a waiter, it was fantasticIts a touch of American history so it has to be worth while. But after the history lesson it is all down hill. The cuisine is another story.
Atmosphere      90    It is original
Service              75   Commercial but attentive
Food                 75    It is New Orleans
Value                65    Too bad the price trumps the history
A must if you are a history buff or if you want to eat in at least one of the French Quarter's 
"name" restaurants. For me, it is living on its past laurels and frankly was not worth neither the time or money.My mom's side is from New Orleans and this place is famous no doubt. I was definitely expecting more. The frites were fun. The service was excellent. I wanted more flavor. I had to go as part of my tour of the original famous Creole restaurants in the quarter.Wonderful restaurant. Fancy as they get. Our server team, Vinnie and Nicole were warm and friendly. They made our experience go from a good one to a great one. Food was wonderful. Oysters can't be beat. Do yourself a favor and make a reservation now and eat there soon.Outstanding service. It was our waiter's 50th anniversary at the restaurant, and he at least acted happy to be waiting on us (an unfortunate rarity nowadays). With my visit, I'm now the 5th generation to have eaten here and I can see why they've been around for over 175 years. The original Oysters Rockefeller was superb. My wife and I ordered the Chateaubriand, steak and potatoes for 2. The bournaise sauce and sauteed mushrooms were excellent. Our medium-rare steak was perfectly cooked.  In the summer, they also have a $20.17 lunch special with small 25 cent cocktails and your choice of app, entree, and dessert.  Lunch is definitely affordable if you're on a tight budget. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.This was an experience. We ordered the lunch special which was a 3 course meal with 25 cents martinis. Our server is a veteran waiter there and his recommendations were on point. After lunch he gave our group a tour of the restaurant which was facinating.  Lunch and a historical tour. Really neat place.The food was delicious, the atmosphere was quiet and lovely and our waiter was on top of his game. The crab cakes were 100% crab meat, no filler bread crumbs or anything and we got complimentary mimosas. I also ordered a French 75, which was the best I have ever had. I would definitely go back.Antoine's really doesn't disappoint with it's $20.12 lunch menu and .25 cent martinis!  I enjoy every meal I have there.  Yesterday, I had the shrimp bisque, shrimp etouffee and chocolate mousse.  It was all wonderful!  I wouldn't call it 5 star dining, definitely very basic french creole cuisine but it's always good and lunch is very reasonably priced! The only thing I would complain about is how expensive the coffee is!  $3.75 for a cup of coffee is outrageous.Some of the sour puss reviews here remind me of reviews I have  read of the classic Prince of Wales Hotel in Waterton Park. expecting it to be a like a normal business hotel.  It's a classic of its sort, but people are expecting it to be another sort.    Realign your expectations or don't go to places like this.
We had charming servers, our food was delicious and plentiful.  The Pompano Ponchartrain  was one of the best pieces of fish I've ever had, simply prepared  and with a luxurious amount of crab.  Our server made excellent recommendations, and we were thrilled to have that crazy Baked Alaska!  So old world...
Yes,  entrees are expensive.  In case you haven't noticed, the fishing industry in the Gulf is in dire straits.  And fish is high priced everywhere. I thought the other menu categories were average priced--$16.50 for the elaborate dessert for two?  Come on, that's cheap!
And we got the tour because we asked.  Politely.Great selection of fishes, chicken, and steak dishes.  Service is exceptional, and do save room for the baked Alaska.I must say five star experience all around from start to finish. When here for lunch yesterday after it was suggested from a tour that i went on. You get a fine dinning experience for 20.18$ pee person plus theee drinks. You can't really beat that,when you want your welcome with warm smiles and then escorted to your seat by the maitre d and your seat is pulled out for you. After we sat down water was immediately bought out to our table along with butter and warm bread which was super delicious. Our server's name was sterling (better know as grandpa) because has been there for 50 years. He was very attentive and shared some of the history with is,The place is very rich in history. Grandpa had us laughing every time he came over to ask if we were okay. I ordered the strawberry salad and the vinaigrette thats on the salad is one of the best vinaigrette I've ever tasted. I need to find out where to get it or how to make it. As my entree i had the French Chicken breast with macaroni and cheese with collard greens. For dessery i had the chocolate mousses. I must say that everything was delicious from start to finish and the service was beyond excellent. This place ia definitely on my favorite list next time I'm visiting Nola.We had two good meals here, Saturday lunch and Sunday for the jazz brunch. 
The food was very good. For my money Irene's and K-Paul's are better. I got the feeling that people go for the name and history more than the quality if the food. Don't get me wrong the food is worth 4 or 4.5 stars out of 5. 
Te price fixed menu has good options and is a good deal.We went here for brunch on our last day in NOLA.  This restaurant has been around for awhile and on the inside features old fashioned charm, history, and elegance. We started off with these sugary 25 cent cocktails (hey, it was mere cents!) and went with a lunch pre fixe menu for $21.00. The pre fixe offered an appetizer, lunch entree, and dessert.  Since this is supposedly the birthplace of Oysters Rockefeller, dating back to the late 1800's, I picked the oysters as my appetizer.  The Oysters Rockefeller were quite buttery and delicious.  They were definitely the best part.  My husband tried the escargot and he said it was okay.  I've tried escargot before, but the concept of snails is where I start drawing the line on food exploration.  Though this restaurant is a New Orleans staple as the oldest in town, I found some of their other food to be less impressive than some of the less iconic places we went to during that long weekend.   I didn't find the petite filet tenderloin to be anything particularly special or memorable.  The portion was also small for what it was.  I finished off my meal with a chocolate cake for dessert.  I personally would not go back because there are too many other fabulous places to try in New Orleans.Food is good, prices are beyond steep for what you get. Oldest restaurant in the US, with a  beautiful wine cellar, is worth a visit and a walk through, but dinner is optional.Great history here and a very friendly waiter in the bar area - he was a docent of sorts for the place and knew everything about the history. Go and have a look around at the many items on the walls and a drink at the bar. I am giving this place 3-stars because they are known for creating Oyster Rockefeller, which I had to try. Sadly, they are really terrible. Basically a ton of salt with a vegetable puree/soup over an oyster. Waste of a good oyster.Went to lunch at Antonines and got the lunch special.  The food was good and service was fine, it's a huge restaurant so it all comes off as a banquet style meal vs what would be expected in a restaurant.  Antoines lists a dress code on their website, however probably due to the number of seats they don't turn anyone away.  Now i know segregation is not a good word in the south but I think this place would be well served segregating their dining rooms based on those who follow the dress code and those who do not.You can feel the history in the food and the restaurant itself. We did the summer lunch deal. We got a starter, main, and even a dessert for a deal. No one left hungry and we were allowed to have a more casual lunch without a rush. Our server was attentive and very nice!I am so sorry - my review was not for Antoine's but another restaurant.  We did eat at your restaurant and it was absolutely wonderful!The catfish platter was excellent start to my trip to the big easy. Definitely  a great place for dinner.Antoine's has been around too long and has forgotten to evolve, particularly with service. Whilst the menu is appetizing, the execution is average. It just lacks flavor. More importantly, the service is nice but it sours the night when the waiter walks away pissed off for not getting a big enough tip and letting you know about it. New Orleans has so much more to offer, not worth spending time at Antoine's even if it's the oldest restaurant in town.I dined here with a large group on Thursday evening and the only  redeeming  thing about this place was the Mint Julip. The food was awful and i do mean  awful as  in below average.  The salad tasted old as did the creamed spinach  and all the appetizers the waiter recommended.  The prices they charge for the quality of food is like price gauging. This place needs a makeover or thy will never survive!!!
2 thumbs down for Antoinnes.OK so it's been around since 1840 and some of the wait staff are originals. I love to see the older Southern gentlemen with a highbrow air of service. Can be entertaining.
This wouldn't be top of my list for tasty NOLA cuisine. I would suggest stopping by but be warned on prices- quite high for what you get. The cooking is fine but VERY simple. [I think the salad was served on my grandma's dayware plate with of ridiculous roses stamped on the trim]. They give the illusion of a 'fancy-pants' restaurant but not so by today's standards.
I'm giving it 3 stars because it has endured many hardships and still maintains. And because my dinner mate was incredibly handsome so everything was better :)I have to say I was a little disappointed by my dinner at the legendary Antoine's in New Orleans. The restaurant has quite a reputation to live up to, being operated continuously by the same family since 1840. The building itself is beautiful with multiple rooms each with their own unique history and theme. The wine cellar is also pretty impressive, especially when you realise that it was completely flooded during hurricane Katrina - the loss that they underwent is just phenomenal.
The restaurant has also been patronised by many famous celebrities, politicians and sports starts, their pictures adorn the walls and make for every interesting viewing.
The service was good as it always is in the States. However, it was the food that let this place down. For starter I went for the house dish, the Rockefeller Oysters. Apparently this dish has been on the menu since 1889. Based on the portion I received I can't understand why. The oysters were tough and overcooked, and the sauce was completely overpowering.
For main course I went for  the fillet of trout which came with the option of being grilled or fried. I chose grilled. It came fried. I know this is the US but not everything has to be fried!!
The fact that I visited this restaurant nearly two years ago and I still remember this bad experience speaks volumes. I can't remember the pudding - maybe that was passable!
I also recall that the white wine was served warm, we had to ask for ice cubes to chill it, something that should never happen in a restaurant of this calibre.
Come for the atsmospehere and experience, but certainly don't come here for the food.Beautiful, wonderful but get out your credit cards cause it's going to break you.had a fantastic meal shared an appetizer had one cocktail two soft shelled crabs, shared a baked Alaska husband had the same. Bill was 300.00 yes 300.00 .......
No meal is worth that unless your eating with Jesus !We had our first ever dinner at Antoine's on Tuesday evening and what a wonderful meal it was. Out of all the French Quarter old school places, we felt that the oldest was indeed the Best of the group. It was a spiritual visit for me....I will explain!
We arrived at the Hermès Bar for our 5:30pm dinner reservation and were promptly seated at a table at the very back of the large, historic dining room. It was like we had been transported back in time to the 1930s. It was so classy and beautiful with all of the tables in the room with the wood ceiling. All I know is that both of my parents would have absolutely loved this dining room. I felt like they were both there with me during the meal, as I once glanced up at the light sconces on the wall and the one by our table flickered on and off while we sat there....almost in approval of the space.
Our waiter Chuck was very knowledgeable about everything to do with the restaurant and New Orleans and was full of suggestions for the meal. His assistant Henry provided fantastic service. Chuck was familiar with my family's name...and for no specific reason, I asked him if he knew of a Lutz family or if he knew my Dad. There would be ZERO reason Chuck would have known my Dad...it was almost like my Dad was channeling through me right then and acknowledging that either he HAD been to Antoine's long ago or was indeed right there with me!
We started with cocktails. My Sidecar was the single best cocktail I had in New Orleans. Nick had a Hurricane. We then went for the first course, which was the Seafood Gumbo and the Roquefort Salad. The gumbo was the best gumbo I had in the City. I had a whole bowl of it and it was simply delicious. The roux was perfect and tasted like the Expert of Gumbo made it! The Roquefort dressing on the salad tasted wonderful on the cold lettuce. All of it was complimented by the French Bread. We wound up eating 4 of the loaves!!
For the main course, we both had filets with bearnaise sauce along with the corn casserole and the soufflé potatoes. Absolutely everything about all of it was delicious. Steak was so tender, perfectly cooked. The corn was a perfect compliment and tasty. And, we asked for the puffy potatoes to be cooked well done and glad we did. We had the same potatoes the night before at Arnaud's and they were chewy there. Here at Antoine's, they were well done and tasted much much better!
We finished the meal with the MASSIVE Baked Alaska. It was enough for about 6 people, but we nearly finished it all with zero room left in our stomachs. Coffee topped off a helluva meal.
The price was about $100/person before gratuity...but we felt like the quality of the food and service, and the classy, old time New Orleans experience was well worth the money. 
I really felt like my parents were right there sitting next to me. I only wish I could have treated them to a meal in this world! Perhaps, I just did....
Thank you, Antoine's!Pretty disappointed with my experience at Antoine's. I was there for a birthday party, and the food was ok. I've had better, I've had worse but it was quite expensive for what it is. Our bill had several items that were not ordered and had to be fixed. 
Additionally, we ordered the baked Alaska for the birthday girl. It's price on the menu is $19, but we were charged $47.50. We were never asked if we wanted enough for the whole table or the standard portion and were pretty surprised at the significant price increase - the dessert was certainly not worth almost $50. 
The building is historic and interesting, but would recommend passing on Antoine's.Semi-fancy, yummy food, good drinks.  Ask to sit in the big red room, the other rooms are a little weird and quiet.We went to Antoine last night -  we were a party of 4. And on business accounts so we needed separate checks.  We told him at the beginning of the meal. The waiter messed the bill up and when asked to fix it we threw it at me. And just walked off not saying a word. Now my credit card bill is still off by 12$. I won't go back there even thought the food was great and the water boy was always there.   We were seated right away without reservations.So far we have been to Commander's Palace and August and to explain this restaurant in one word it would be Lackluster. The tarnish on my knife is proof of a dimming candle that once illuminated a great room can now only provide light for a small table. The service was was akin to that of visiting a Chili's in a strip mall in Anywhere, America. Other than the atmosphere what saddened me the most was our server's knowledge of  the menu. My wife's steak tips were over done, the Shrimp wasn't fresh, and the excitement toward the Baked Alaska was snuffed when out came was a pre-made Visage of what was supposed to be a made to order prepared tableside dessert. All in all not all restaurants are supposed to be winners. But for the price tag I should feel special.I went here with my mother and a friend for my birthday. It was so wonderful. I love the historic nature of this place and the $20.12 lunch special can't be beat. Not to mention the 25 cent martinis.
The french bread, which is served warm, is crusty and chewy in all the right ways. I had the Lenten Salad for my starter. It was nice and fresh and made of good quality lettuce and vegetables. I had the shrimp and broccoli pasta for my main course. It exceeded my expectations and the pecan bread pudding was delicious.The food was ok. How they can make a dish spicy yet bland is beyond me, but they accomplished just that! Service was pretty slow. Recommend only if you can't get into another restaurant nearby.Service was amazing and attentive. Atmosphere is interesting and historical. 
I ate in the bar section to keep it casual. My small salad was okay, nothing to write home about for a house salad. I also ordered the buttery snails (Escargots la Bourguignonne). They were cooked okay but overly powerful with salt, butter, and herbs to the point where you suspect someone was trying to compensate for their lack of skill or hide the freshness of the food. Classic? I think not. I've had better in Seattle. 
My cocktail of a Ramos gin fizz was boring, I've had better. Dessert of ice cream with peaches was the equivalent of bland cruise food that was sadly abandoned on the dessert bar the night before. Save your dollars and enjoy your well earned dollars elsewhere.I can't recall a time when I've been more disappointed. I came to New Orleans for my birthday. On the list of restaurants I had to visit was Commander's Palace, August, and Antoine's. I was most excited for Antoine's because of the amazing history. My husband called and made a reservation and let them know I was celebrating my birthday. We showed up on a Friday night and were sat in a near empty dining room. The food was bad and the service was worst. The food was dropped off and not once were we checked on to see if everything was as we ordered. My $45 steak was completely overcooked but no one ever came by to check. I thought the one saving grace was going to be the baked Alaska. I've got a soft spot for vintage dishes and they are famous for them. We ordered it and when it came out, it was pretty obvious it had been sitting prepared in their fridge for a long time. The menu said it was prepared table side, but all she did was come plop in on our table and ask if we wanted chocolate. We said sure, she brought it, it was crap (and hot fudge to boot, not chocolate), and we got charged $7. That was on top of the $20 wasted on the baked Alaska. I'm not cheap...we dropped over $200 on dinner at Commander's Palace the night before. I just resent spending money on this kind of food and this kind of service. I would've loved to speak to a manager in person because I was so upset I wasted my 30th birthday dinner on this place...but there was no one in sight. All the waiters were just mulling around the cashier and no one really cared. 
It sucks such a great institution has been reduced to this.Jeffery, our server was excellent! Great lunch special. Can't beat the 25 cent drink special. Highly recommended any time or day!Do not! I repeat DO NOT EAT AT ANTOINES. Just don't. Waste of money, time and breath. I could not eat the dried out corm, tasteless potatoe concoction, just ugly overpriced food. Better food in a high school cafeteria. I keep reading the responses from the person responsible for reponding to poor reviews. I feel bad for her. It's a lost cause. Once a great place, now just a money pit!Over priced, over hyped CAFETERIA FOOD. I even heard a guest at a table next to me complaining about the fish. The chicken breast with sauteed mushrooms was dry and flavorless and the rice undernearth was cold, and I'm pretty sure the mushrooms came from a can. Steak was cooked at proper temp. but was smothered in a thick, brown over salted gravy that overpowered the steak. Bread pudding was luke warm and had caramel sauce on top that tasted completely burnt. I've cooked much better meals at home. 
The only good things about my experience we're the beautiful dining room and my servers Tanya and Michael.The service is spectacular, they were very attentive to us but the food could of had a bit more love (salt). Overall the experience was worth it and very cool being in the oldest restaurant in new orleans.Just walking into Antoine's makes one feel like they are actually stepping back in time to turn of the century, high society New Orleans. The service, from the gentleman at the door, through the entire experience only reinforces that fine-living feel.
Polished, professional servers and their team take care of everything, from recommendations, to historical notes, to fantastic table-side service and all with a smile and sense of humor that creates a feel that is refined without being in the least stuffy.
The food was very good, using classic French technique to create phenomenal local fare. The oysters Rockefeller are, as they should be at the birthplace of the dish, out of this world. We also had a shrimp cocktail, that was decent, but the shrimp were small and slightly overdone. The seafood gumbo, as well as the entrees of Pompano Pontchartrain were fantastic, and you can never go wrong with Cherries Jubilee.
The building itself is a museum of high society New Orleans, full of artifacts and memorabilia from the past 150 years in addition to many gifts from dignitaries and celebrities. 15 rooms cover 2 floors, and all are unique and beautiful in their own right.
This is a treat, but one I enjoyed so much, it will become a regular stop when in New Orleans.Everything we ordered had a problem, and at these prices you expect much more consistency.  A French restaurant that's been open for 150+ years should have the hang of mother sauces by now, and yet the hollandaise and bearnaise were lumpy, and the rochambeaux more like a candy glaze than a dinner sauce. My Poulet aux Champignons was delicious but dry.  One other person in the party said his was cold in the middle, and yet another got an entree the size of a kids meal at fat camp.  The highlight was when the server at the neighbor's table set himself on fire making cherries jubilee.  Cute ambiance and passable service, but if you're interested in food over historical value... I'd pick something else.Antoine's isn't just another New Orleans restaurant. It's an experience where you are treated to absolute top-knotch service in a historic place. A must-do. Ask for Mike and Leurine (waiter and back-waiter) for an unforgettable meal and tour.Horrible meal at Antoine's .
Food was not great.
worst oysters Rockefeller ever.
Chuck, the sleazy waiter tried to charge me twice for my entree.
Bathroom was dirty too.
Never again!
Overpriced big time.Had a very weird experience here earlier this year.  First off, the food is only mediocre and very expensive.  My wife and I ordered a chateaubriand and it tasted more like roast beef.  Our waiter started off very friendly and chatted us up most of the night. Then he disappeared for a bit and I asked another waiter for a check - we skipped dessert.  Our original waiter brought the check by and didn't say a word to us.  As we were leaving we saw him again on our way out and he avoided us completely and didn't say goodbye.   He was totally bipolar.4 stars here for their service, oysters are good and at lunch get the $.25 drinks. You will exit higher than major tom. I have been here numerous times over the years and it's been nice dining experience.Believe the bad reviews!  They are all true and would probably be more plentiful if people weren't so desperate to put the bad overpriced experience out of their minds.  I felt like I did when I was fleeced by a used car dealer in my teens after walking out of there.
The oysters rockefeller may have been invented here but were perfected and made better by other restaurants!  We paid more than $100 per person for food which was the quality of the Harrahs buffet for $15.99 per person - and there you get all you care to eat and a cheap jazz band.  Here on a friday night for that money, we got no entertainment, no ambiance and food that was on par with your costco seafood prepared specialties (with costco being the better of the 2).   Not even the bread was worth mentioning and i love most french restaurants french bread.  
Do yourself a favor - if you feel you must check this place out like I did, just go and try the appetizers, you'll be glad you got a taste of history and then decide whether history should be left in the past to go eat at restaurant that serves better food for 2014.We went for the lunch special and enjoyed ourselves so much. Very attentive staff, and delicious food. Pecan bread pudding is a must! We had coffee after a 3 course meal and then meandered around the back to see the beautiful extra private dining rooms. Such a beautiful place!I'm sure there was a time when Antoine's defined the classic New Orleans dining experience, but the establishment we dined at yesterday has devolved into a tourist trap.
Case in point, their "25 cent" drink specials.  For the price, we had to try it.  I couldn't quite make out what the drink was supposed to be, as the waiter was speaking so fast that we didn't catch most of it.  It was, in fact, fruit juice with some kind of alcohol splashed in it.  Undrinkable. Despite this, we saw waiter after waiter carrying trays of the stuff around the restaurant, so they were obviously pitching it pretty hard.
The $20 pre fixe lunch was not worth the money.  We were expecting fine cuisine but this is a 'herd 'em in and herd 'em out" place.  We also ordered Oysters Rockefeller separately, and found the oysters (literally) under a solid breading, not at all tasty.
The service was bizarre...we asked for the entrees first and the oysters afterwards (given that the waiter said the latter would take a while). He responded that he would bring the oysters first and everything else would wait in the kitchen. I felt like I was in a Monty Python sketch.
The food itself probably merits three stars--nothing wrong with it, but nothing worth a special trip, either.  But when I poured the cream into my coffee and it immediately curdled, I was unhappy.  When the waiter lied and said that it was because the coffee was too hot, I wondered if he thought we'd just fallen off the turnip wagon. Yes, as tourists we can go along with being taken advantage of (a little) but Antoine's was a bit over the top.
Stay out of the bathrooms, BTW.  Really gross.When we heard Antoine's was a fifth generation restaurant, it was a must try before going home. They also have a 20.16 fixed price lunch, and 25¢ cocktails. It was recommended by no less than three people. There are multiple rooms to sit in; we were seated in the second, full of celebrity photographs. At one point the fire alarm went off, and there was a moment where everyone looked around trying to figure out what to do. Our waiter assured us it was just a test and we could remain where we were.
The cocktails were pretty, described as fruit punch with vodka. The food was all at a good temperature and well platted. The oysters were packed with salt, apparently to keep them from rolling. For fun I tried to see if it added anything to the oyster itself - it doesn't. The drum was well cooked and flaky. 
There was a bit of confusion with the dual waiters - "did Jeffrey take your drink order? Did Leonard get your dessert?" Take it in stride, it doesn't take away from the meal.The food was tasty, but our second waiter (trainee waiter?) declared that he was sick "it's not contagious. That's just why I'm not talking." which didn't excuse his bizarre, unpleasant demeanor. At no point did he smile or appear to enjoy his job at any level, and at numerous points he seemed confused as to what we told him and our primary waiter. Refills were an inconceivable task, and at certain moments I wasn't sure if the guy (I don't want to say his name- This was very weird and annoying, but I don't want to get him fired) was actively trying to insult us ("I wasn't sure if you were finished talking.") My mom had been very excited to take our large party to this historic restaurant, but after this experience I will be sure to avoid Antoine's in the future.Antoine's is a New Orleans institution and an absolute must as an experience.  Reservations are recommended (at least for dinner) and it's definitely the type of place you want to dress up a little for (business casual - please don't wander into this place wearing a football jersey, flip flops and a backwards cap).  If you're not looking to pay a lot, but still get the experience, go for lunch - they have a 3 course lunch that is served for $20.12.  
We went for dinner and ordered the Tips de filet en brochette Marchand de Vin (tenderloin tips) and the Crabes mous amandine (soft-shell crabs fried w/almonds) and split the Pommes de terre soufflées (the house special puffed-fried potatoes - think french fries, but much more airy).  Both dishes were cooked to perfection, the crabs very juicy inside (I always ask how they are running size-wise since they are fairly seasonal) and the tips and gravy were tender and delicious.  The potatoes served as a perfect vehicle for the beef gravy and the lemon-herb-toasted almond mix that sat at the bottom of the plates.  For dessert, we got the Café brulot diabolique, which is a house specialty that is done up for the table (order says for 2, but it's enough for probably a table of 6).  It's brandy, triple sec, sugar, cloves, cinnamon and a citrus peel, mixed and lit on fire, then doused with the house coffee and served in little shooter cups.  
When you're done, you're encouraged by the staff to get lost in the rest of the rooms of the restaurant, which include many carnival themed rooms (the Rex room, etc), as well as view their block-long wine cellar.  The staff is very knowledgeable and quite friendly (and for some of the flaming dishes, even entertain you by setting themselves and parts of the table temporarily on fire).  It's a place that I would definitely go back to and bring friends.$20.17 three course lunch & 25€ martinis....eat in the bar... Shirley is a trip! Great attitude and beautiful smile!Went here together with my family to have a dining experience of NOLA's oldest restaurant. Simple and classy set up. Not much a big fan of their food, not really impressed with the taste and presentation (didn't get the HSW factor). Probably my expectations were too high (specially I'm from food industry). I would suggest for them to work on their recipe and presentation a little more. Their presentation needs a little wow factor.Antoine's carries on but this lady is tired.  Wait staff did an admirable job keeping the dinner pace pleasant and unhurried.  Food ingredients were well prepared but not to the level of the other Grand Dames Galitoires Commanders Arnauds.  If you want oysters pop on over to ACME.  Fish of the day sautéed was excellent but crab topping did not taste fresh.  Baked Alaska is huge and really more of a showpiece than a showstopper.  Main dining hall has been demoted to non-dressy status with most diners going total casual.  If you want to drop $300+ for a party of 4 try the others.The service has deteriorated a lot. The food could have been well presented and tasteful but the wait ruin it. We got our main course after 1 hour and 45 mins. 
We didn't even saw your waiter until we paid for our bill.
Horrible and will not recommend anymoreThis place is so awesome I framed my menu (well I'm planning too). I was on a walking tour of the city and they included a little segment about Antoines, longest continuing family owned running restaurant (something like that) in the USA. After the tour, I decided to have a nice lunch at Antoine's. I ordered the $20.18 winter lunch special and my drink was a lemon drop martini for 25 cents. I love history, and this place has it. My waitress, Beyonka, was the sweetest and very enthusiastic about her job. Now to the food. Superb classic New Orleans.  I had the shrimp bisque, petite filet and pecan bread pudding. Everything was full of flavor! The pecan bread pudding, I can still taste that rum sauce.A New Orleans experience - a little dated and expensive if ordering off the menu, but the lunch special for $20 was a good deal and the 25 cent cocktails can't be beat (lemon drops the day we were there).  Cavernous dining rooms, which were only 20 percent full, so felt a little dead, but we enjoyed it as a "nice" meal we could take the kids to.This historical restaurant did not disappoint.  I was in charge of booking a large group dinner, and ended up choosing the oldest family-owned restaurant in New Orleans.  From selecting our prix fixe, to the actual dinner service itself, the staff was extremely attentive and helpful.  The classical dishes we had for dinner were everything we had hoped for, and more.  Oysters, Rockefeller, Pompano Ponchartrain, the famous Baked Alaska...all were excellent.  
What made the evening truly special was dining in the Rex Room. Arguably the signature room at the restaurant, the ambiance and history of the room were just incredible. 
Again, I cannot commend the staff enough for how great they were.  From helping us select the menu, to detailing the specifics of the menu to everyone at the dinner, to leading us on a tour of the restaurant once our dinner concluded, they were absolutely fantastic.  
If you need to book a dinner for a large party in New Orleans, you'll be hard-pressed to find a better place, especially if you can secure the Rex Room.A group of 6 of us dined here last weekend and we thoroughly enjoyed it.
The French Quarter was packed, so our taxi driver dropped us off a block away.
We started off with some baked oysters, boiled shrimp and some crab which were all excellent.
I got the rib eye steak with mushroom garlic butter sauce and it was delicious.
We shared 4 desserts.  I don't remember what we ate, but we all loved them.
The service level was not quite up to my expectations, but the young waiters seem to be trying their best.I went over to the bar area to order some appetizers and a drink. Since they invented the oysters rockafeller that is what I ordered. The dish was unique in its own way but not to my liking. We dropped $50 bucks on two small appetizers, oysters, one beer, soft drink and the tip. The waitress was great and deserves five stars.This is probably one of New Orleans oldest and most iconic restaurants steeped in history and in the heart of the French Quarter.  My wife came with me to a conference and it was her 1st time in town so it was on my list for a nice night out.
We started with a couple of appetizers.  I had the Crevettes (shrimp) Remoulade (an Antoine's original and REALLY good). My wife had the French onion soup.  She considers herself an aficionado of French onion soup and gave it a sold A-.
I had the lamb special and my wife had the beef tips.  Both were good.  The only thing I noted was everything was swimming in sauce that is very heavy.  This is not for the calorie conscious.
The Creme Brûlée was magic.  But the true high note is the table side flamed spiced coffee.  Absolutely wonderful!
Great wine list.  Solid cocktails.
This is an iconic spot and worth the effort.  FYI they are serious about the dress code.  I am glad I took it seriously.Very disappointing. The oysters Rockefeller finish was hard and the flavor was offensive. The entrees were small, plated terribly, inundated with sauce, and over priced for what you got. 
My party was surprised given this establishment's reputation.Hier gibt es eine gute Küche, natürlich auch zu keinem billigen Preis. Lieder lies man uns ca. 30 Min. auf einen Tisch warten (obwohl etliche Plätze frei waren), damit wir an der Bar konsumieren. Taten wir aber nicht sondern nur eine Coke, welche der Kellner prompt zu kassieren vergaß. Das Essen ist aber sehr lecker und es sind große Portionen. Das Ambiente ist wie in den meisten Restaurants in New Orleans ein großer Speiseraum mit doch etwas verstärktem Geräuschpegel. Trotzdem würde ich wieder hin gehen, da es ja auf das Essen ankommt.We dined at Antoine's for my daughter's 21st birthday celebration. We had a truly memorable experience. The wait staff was first rate and promptly attended to our every need and request. Oysters Rockefeller was invented here, so enjoying those was a must and they brought out a Baked Alaska to celebrate her birthday. The selection and preparation of fish was outstanding, as well as their extensive wine list. Antoine's really provided an outstanding dining experience. If you've never been to Antione's, dining at this New Orleans institution is a must!Great cocktails and old line French cuisine.  It could use  some renovating but it is still a must in Nola if for nothing else - the baked Alaska! The waitstaff is very accommodating and will allow you to tour the collection of Mardi Gras memorabilia.Our family went our first night in New Orleans, and glad we did, because it was definitely the worst meal we had during our stay. My husband selected Antoine's based on a good experience from our last trip in their cocktail lounge. Very disappointed in the actual restaurant though. 
My husband and my martinis were weak, small, and overpriced while other got poinsettias which while apparently good, were also on the small side. Our head waiter was attentive at first, then COMPLETELY dropped the ball and never delivered the appetizers (although we were initially charged for them) and took about 25 minutes to get my husbands second martini to the table. My salad plate was left on the table throughout dinner (despite everyone else's soup/salad dishes being cleared). Our entries were just ok,definitely not worth writing home about. Additionally, the sides were brought out at random instead of at the start of our meal (they also forgot our spinach until we asked about it).  Our waiter's only saving grace was that he managed to find of the last baked Alaskas for us, but that too was underwhelming. Overall, overpriced for the quality and the service, and in a town known for their food, head elsewhere.This by far was my favorite restaurant in the French quarters. The Food was amazing. Our wait staff was absolutely wonderful. The tour giving by Tyree after finishing our meal was outstanding. I would highly recommend a visit to this restaurant you will not be disappointed.Absolutely wonderful experience
 Food and atmosphere were very good. I'm from New Orleans and have only been here twice before. I will definitely be back.Went today for "Jazz Brunch" when we arrived we were seat in the back dining room which was only half full where the band was playing. About 2 minutes later the band took a break and then we never saw them come back again. When one of the people in our party went to the rest room they said the band moved to the front. Why In the world would you advertise a Jazz Brunch take a reservation for it and then seat us where we couldn't see or hear the music???
Also service sucked. Like I said the place was only half full in each dining room and there were waiter standing around doing nothing while we sat for over 10 minutes without someone ever coming to our table. For the prices they were charging the food was nothing special and the service sub par. This place lives on its reputation needs to step it up. I will not be going back. Couldn't get into Commanders Place which is where we were told has the best Jazz Brunch. What a disappointment.First: a lot of these reviews are complaining about the quality ("just ok") of what they fail to mention is the $20 3-course lunch special. Are you kidding me? :/
Anyway, this was a really fun not-quite-fine-dining-cause-we-went-for-lunch experience. Service was attentive. I ordered the oysters Foch which were fantastic. So cool to be in a dining room that has not changed much since the 1830s!!! And you can walk around the museum-like place when you're done :)I was here in March when they were open for lunch.  I had a round of all 3 lunch specials.  Everything was very delicious.  I also ordered the escargot marinated in wine.  All of it was good including the lunch drink special.  This place was recommended by our tour guide, so we decided to eat there.  I don't regret it one bit.  My girlfriend even found two pearls in her oysters.  I did see a neighboring table had the cafe diablo.  It is coffee served fire hot, a real show.  I would definitely recommend this place and would eat there again.I didn't love Antoine's. I think I must prefer newer, innovative food over traditional ones (although I die for stuffed bell peppers and collard greens). I don't know. I had pretty high expectations for Antoine's just based on what people say. And this is not to say that it was a bad experience. I just was... underwhelmed.
I took my sister and my dad here for lunch. We ordered everything from the Coolinary menu except the vichyssoise. But we ended up trying that too, because our server Charley insisted that we try it and he brought it out on him. So we tried everything on the prix fixe because there were three options for everything.
The oysters were probably my favorite. Salad was a-okay. Vichyssoise wasn't as strange as I had initially thought, so I am grateful for Charley letting me try it. I don't think I'd ever order it though. :P
As for the main course, the etouffee was good. The veal was good but I thought it was too much feta. The pork, after the veal, felt dryer and tougher, but I mean, it's kind of my fault for trying the veal before the pork. The flavor was very good in the pork and the sweet potato mash was a good complement. 
For dessert, we had bread pudding, chocolate cheesecake, and pecan praline sundae. I guess they are presented very similarly to have a uniform look, but I didn't really like that. And then on top of that, they all kind of tasted the same? Very, very sweet with lots of syrupy caramel. I think I would have appreciated a little more character in each. This is why I said what I said above. I think I prefer the chefs that are reinventing stuff and trying new things rather than those who stick to the tried-and-true recipes. Even with all my criticism and even though it was almost too sweet, I did enjoy the bread pudding.
I may give it another try for dinner and maybe get the baked alaska. We shall see.Rich in history, disgusting in price and low bar in food flavors.
Rich in history, that's it! This place is disgustingly overrated and relying too much on the history that they forgot about the food. I can't even begin to let everyone know how disappointing this place was that it's not one of the best places you should eat at or recommend to anyone. The food is simply disgusting and over price.
I order the two softshell crab with almonds for $33. That's all I got, two friend softshell crab with almonds on top and nothing else. Extremely overprice for simple fried softshell crabs! My wife had the grilled gulf fish de jour with lump crabmeat served in side dish plate. 
The portion are super small not worth stepping foot into this place. 
What's even more disgusting is a place that automatically adds the tip to a party of two. When we received the bill it was one price but when we received the final receipt they had included the tip in it. I nearly came unglued at the unethical business practices of this place.
Stay away from this ugly, nasty and despicable restaurant. There are other better places in New Orleans deserving your business which strive to earn your business not run from it!!!Huge disappointment after seeing great reviews in various places online.  Antoine's clearly has great history and pedigree, which only makes the complete failure of the meal even more pronounced.
Seating: Our group waited for 15 minutes in the door of the restaurant while the staff milled around and refused to make eye contact with us despite having reservations.
Cocktails:  No one in our party had a well prepared drink.  The old fashioned was almost unpalatable - basically just Bourbon on ice.
Appetizers:  Like basically everyone else at the restaurant, we ordered the Oysters Rockefeller.  They were terrible and literally looked like human feces.  Worst presentation anyone in our party had ever seen.  Maybe frozen and just warmed up when ordered.
Entrees:  Disappointing.  Odd portions.  Basically just cafeteria food.  Incredibly overpriced for what we got.
Dessert: Didn't order it.  The whole experience was such a disaster that we just bailed.
Terrible.  I don't know if there was a change in management or something, but this historic landmark is a total piece of crap.  Avoid at all costs.Upscale restaurant that had so much history. We ate in the bar for lunch and had the Oyster trio. Delicious. Gumbo was off the hook. Waitstaff was very friendly and was full of suggestions. Walk around the many dining rooms to take in the awesome history.I went there in April in a sad bad compelled mood the place didn't help. The restaurant felt like an old-style touristy mecca from a time when tourism was far less prevalent and competitive. The true product was NOLA atmosphere. Kinda the way Bookbinder's sells Philadelphia or Durgin Park sells Boston. Definitely an older-gen experience. Food was OK but uninspired, unmemorable. But as it turned out, the place was a poor start to an unpleasant weekend.I hosted a private dinner here last year for 30.40 people.   From the start, the meal as amazing!  The venue is classic New Orleans, old French style.  
Dessert experience, yes experience, was incredible! Defiantly a must see.
@AntoinesNOLA #Ask_Tiff-NOI don't take the time to write about restaurants often, but tonight was worth the time.  If you are thinking of going to Antoine's, save your money!  I was astounded by how slow the service was , how they didn't care about the slow service, and how poor the quality of the food was.   It was such a disappointment.  Beware!  There are so many other great restaurants in New Orleans.Antoine's' service is impeccable in every regard. Charles, our cuisine custodian for the night, is the consummate professional, putting waiters at other fine restaurants to shame. Like an elephant that never forgets being wronged, he remembers the preferences of his guests, many of whom have remained with him for over a decade. He, his father and his father's father served here for nearly a century combined, with all three overlapping at one point. Charles served President GWB, yet excelled at making each of us feel like POTUS for a night. Charles' grandpa served the Pope (this is true). Charles is fun, Charles is nice, Charles is good at his job. 
On our executive order (remember, we were presidents), Charles brought food aplenty: oysters Rockefeller (invented here), fried oysters with patê (tasted like chocolatê), creamed spinach and puffy fries as appetizers, and pompano Pontchartrain (fish 'n' crab meat) as our main. For dessert, despite having filled our bodies beyond a reasonable level, we had a giant baked Alaska. 
As someone who's been to the city twice, I can state with confidence that Antoine's is NOLA at its finest.This place was amazing. Charles Carter was a fantastic server and host. Thanks so much for a great night with great food.The flaming baked Alaska presentation was amazing. The food less so.  The crab appetizer was full of shells and the constant picking them out of my mouth made it very unappetizing. I had the pompano with crab on top, very fishy, I only ate a few bites. My guest had the filet mignon and said it was very good.  A long time staple in the French Quarter, but, I think you could find better food someplace else.Good food, great cocktail (French 75 mm mmm) and great service. It's known to be the oldest restaurant stablished in the United States pretty cool!Quick summary:  This is, hands down, the most amazing dining experience the wife and I have ever had, no question.  We have dined in London, Paris, all over Chicago and San Francisco  (just to name a few), and nowhere has there been better service, better food, and better ambiance and atmosphere.  I am truly befuddled at some of the low ratings, but for my part there aren't enough stars to give to Antoine's, but we'll cap it at 5 stars for now.
The story:  The wife and I took a trip down to NOLA and decided in advance that Antoine's was to be our fancy dinner, meaning I couldn't wear jeans and I had to dust off the credit card.  We had an 8 p.m. reservation on a quiet Thursday night.  From the moment we entered Antoine's till we left two hours later, we were treated like royalty by every member of the staff.  I have never felt so welcomed in any eating establishment in my life, and never ever had such an outstanding degree of service.  We were seated in the large annex room, in the back of the room so that we could view everyone and everything.  Our waiter was Gregory, and I could write an entire review about the incredible level of professionalism, service, and personality that he had, and that he really contributed largely to making it a wonderful night.  The ambiance of Antoine's is wonderful, it's like walking into a time machine.  It was a very intimate, romantic, classy dining experience.  The food was (I'll say it again) the best food I have ever eaten in my entire life and brother let me tell you, I like to eat...a lot.  After dinner we started to walk around a little bit, exploring the incredible array of dining rooms.  We got to the wine cellar where Deshawn gave us a history of the cellar, and then asked us if we wanted to take a tour of the whole restaurant.  We went on an awesome tour of all the Antoine's dining rooms, and even checked out the balcony in the 12th Night Room, which was ours and our guide's favorite room.  We ended up back on the main floor in the Hermes bar.  
The grub: -we pre-ordered a Baked Alaska for dessert at the start of the meal.  The fresh warm bread brought to the table was great.  Potage -  Bisque d'ecrevisses - holy cow I basically had cream of crawfish and it was fantastic!  Entrees - Filet de boeuf nature in an Alciatore sauce for the wife, and the Poulet sauce Rochambeau for me, and a side of Pommes de terre soufflées which was enough to split.  The food was all generous portions, exquisite to taste, and (third time now) the best food that the wife and I have ever had.  Desert - Omelette Alaska Antoine, the Baked Alaska and I had a super fine Café au lait.  So the Baked Alaska was HUGE, like the size of a football huge!  As for taste, it was like Jesus took a cloud, some ice cream, some pound cake, and a whole mess of whipped cream and made an edible football out of it and then wrote "Antoine's" on the side. It was heavenly, truly.
Conclusion:  As far as I'm concerned, if you are going to save your pennies and eat at only one restaurant in New Orleans, it has to be Antoine's. I have paid the same if not more money for a fraction of the quality of food and service that I had at Antoine's.  This is one time that when I dropped a lot of money, I got above and beyond what I paid for.  I have to give a shout out and massive thanks to the host that evening (sorry I didn't catch your name), the amazing Gregory (you really were amazing), Deshawn (we had a blast taking a tour with you, thanks), and the Chef who we met outside when we were leaving (I am in awe of your skills sir!).  Thank you for all being so gracious, so genuine and welcoming.  Because of you all, our dinner at Antoine's not only made the wife's and my evening, but you all made our whole trip, and we cannot wait to return.  You made a blue collar guy from Chicago feel like a king, and helped him to treat his wife as queen.  Steeped in history, classy and romantic setting, gracious staff, and truly amazing food.Finally got to experience my first time here over the weekend and I must say it blew me away! Between the atmosphere, the delicious food and the excellent service what's not to like?! The drinks were also very well made and delicious. And staff are extremely nice and informative about their menu. It was really cool to dine inside of a place that has been there for 175 years! If you do go, I would highly recommend the french onion soup or the gumbo! Would definitely come back to this amazing restaurant!Definitely overrated. Food was so bland. Waiter got the order wrong which cost us more money and never apologized. Restroom was completely filthy. And yet, super pricey. Don't go there if you don't want to waste your money.One of the best restaurants I've been to in a while. The gumbo was great, but not the best I had in NOLA. My fish was amazing and full of flavor. Cooked perfectly. We also had Cafe Brulo Diabolique for two which was amazing and very strong. They even let us set the table on fire with it! After our fine meal we got a lovely tour of the building from a waitress who didn't attend us but came over to have a conversation with us. She was one of the coolest people we met in New Orleans. Great experience and highly recommended.Went for Saturday lunch. Had Alligator soup with sherry, a meaty soup, followed by a local fish, pompano, simply grilled and then Creme Caramel. The soup was spicy and pleasant without being exceptional, the fish above average (no vegetables, they are extra!) and the pud fine. A half of Calif. Chard made for a satisfactory lunch, but this is an expensive place. Staff were attentive and professional. The front room and vast rear room are set in a glamourous manner, and work well. The capacity would indicate it is more than a tourist trap, but it was not busy when I was there so the recession may be biting hard. easy to find and walk to in the centre of the French Quarter.We had our wedding rehearsal dinner here. It was amazing! The service was awesome. Everyone was so professional and friendly. The food was fantastic! Our room was beautiful. It was a memory I will cherish for years to come. I highly recommend Antoine's for your special occasion.My wife and I were married in New Orleans about a year ago and we were fortunate enough to have Antoine's as our reception venue. We had a wonderful evening there with friends and family, and to celebrate our 1 year anniversary, we found ourselves back at Antoine's sitting at a table where our wedding band's stage was a year ago. 
There's too much to say about Antoine's legacy, but in short, they've been a fixture in New Orleans for a great deal of time and luckily have changed very little. Antoine's is currently celebrating their 175'th year of business and the wait staff was giving out champagne flutes to guests dining that night to mark the occasion. I'm sure they'll continue to do so throughout the year, so keep your eye's peeled for a souvenir when dining. It was timely for our anniversary since we now have a nice memento for the occasion. 
The food covers traditional New Orleans Creole/French fine dining in a white tablecloth setting. If you're looking for the staples, you'll find them here for the most part. A Notable would of course be their famous invention, the Oyster Rockefeller. We ordered a couple selections from their original menu that they're offering to celebrate the 175 years. The Roquefort salad and veal chop with foi gras on top were both fantastic. Beyond the historic choices, we had the alligator soup with sherry, cup of gumbo, soft shell crab and topped it all off with a baked alaska dessert. Everything was very good, cooked perfectly and made for a painfully filling meal. When we finally got to the Baked Alaska, we stared at that football of cake, ice cream and sugar and barely put a dent in it. 
Service was excellent and personable. Our waiter, Richy, was a great guy and I plan on using him next time we dine there. Antoine's, like a few other old guard restaurants in New Orleans, allows you to have a preferred waiter where you get his card and reserve not only a table but your go to server. 
If you haven't eaten too much to move, ask for a tour from your waiter. They'll be happy to walk you through the historic building and all of their various themed rooms and their expansive wine cellar. Definitely worth checking out. 
If you're looking for a great meal and one that is surrounded by the history of New Orleans dining, Antoine's should be high on your list.Best SERVICE ever - - Bradley was the BEST server I've ever come across (and we eat out a lot).  The food was great - the ambiance was warm and historical - I would absolutely recommend this restaurant to anyone.  It was a perfect dining experience.No concept of customer service. I saved for years to visit NOLA. Top of my list was to eat at Antoine's. Sat in Hermes and was given a tour of the restaurant, made reservations and tipped just for the reservations. All the while my friend and I had on nice shorts and nothing was said about a dress code. Came in for dinner the following night and the short, gray-haired Napoleonic Matre D' would not seat us. Would not even try to come up with a solution. Just kept flipping pages on his clipboard. NO customer service at all.This is a very nice piece NOLA restaurant history.  Price point is high but food and service are very good and it is one of the oldest restaurants in NOLA. The Martinis were very good and the wine list is excellent.  The ladies had a basic salad that they both enjoyed.   Three of us had the pompano with crabmeat that was great and came in a light beurre blanc that let the fish and crabmeat shine.  The asparagus which was ordered ala carte was great.  One person had the soft shells which were good but she thought the had too much breading.  Service was professional and excellent.  A must go in NOLA primarily for the history, excellent food that comes with a high price point.We came here specifically for the café Brulot, where the presentation was awesome!  Our waitress was really great. But wow. It was so disappointing. The café Brulot, while the presentation was beautiful and it smelled great was just bitter and spicy hot coffee with booze.
We ordered the appetizer with oyster Foch, crabmeat ravigote, and shrimp remouloade to try a little of everything. It sounds fancy but it's absolutely mediocre. The crabmeat ravigote has so much shell in it, I was pulling out inedible pieces with every other bite. The shrimp just tasted liked a shrimp cocktail and the oyster Foch was tasteless.
It has history and I guess it just banks on that because everything we are was subpar compared to the other food we've had in New Orleans and much more expensive. I'd skip if I were y'all.While this restaurant has been around for many many years, the dinner that I just had was extremely disappointing. The food came out to our table so fast, that the waiters were having trouble finding a place on the table. It was all a blur and I've gotten better service at chain restaurants.Just returned home from my first trip to New Orleans. Enjoyed the Sunday Jazz Brunch at Antoine's.  The food was wonderful.  If you are fortunate enough to have Rick as your waiter the experience will be even more enjoyable.  Rick gave my girlfriend's and I a tour of the the restaurant and a little history lesson of New Orleans and Mardi Gras.  He made every girl in our group feel like a DIVA!  The food, the atmosphere, the jazz music and the southern hospitality makes me give Antoine's 5 stars.My boyfriend and I came here for dinner and we didn't know men had to wear pants and a collared shirt so since he was wearing shorts we were seating in "The Mystery Room" which felt like sitting at the kids table but I was glad we were still seated. I got an old fashioned since they say they created it and was very disappointed, mostly grenadine and not how I've ever had an old fashioned before. We got fish entrees which were good but nothing to ride home about and the basked Alaska for dessert which was good but could feed 6-8 ppl so we paid a lot for something we barely put a dent in. The tour at the end was cool and the service was good but not worth the $250 price tag for a dinner for 2We had such a terrible dining experience this evening and sat next to a couple with an equally bad experience. The worst part is that the restaurant doesn't seem to care. 
We've been to NOLA many times but never to Antoine's. We made the unfortunate decision to celebrate my birthday tonight there, lured by the spiel about it being family-owned for so many years.
Started off strong with an attentive waiter who explained the menu well. We ordered drinks and oysters, which were fairly good, but things went downhill from there. By the soup course, we seemed to be forgotten. The assistant waiter promised more fresh bread but that never happened. It being my birthday I would have gladly ordered several glasses of champagne, but my glass remained empty. My husband's soup cup sat empty for quite some time. 
Just when we wondered if perhaps we should leave, our waiter arrived in a flurry and threw our main course plates down, which had obviously been sitting under a heat lamp. Before I could object, he was off in a flash. I had to flag down another random waiter to explain in they'd brought me the wrong thing. I finally got my soft shell crabs, which were soggy and inedible. 
I complained to two people about my entree but that fell on deaf ears as they just told me "that's how they are."
We had pre-ordered cherries jubilee--what a waste of $20. We waited at least 10 minutes between our entree plates being cleared and the presentation of the dessert--essentially five jarred cherries over some awful vanilla ice cream. The random guy who did the presentation could not have been less enthusiastic.
The people next to us received cold fish and their sides arrived about 15 minutes after their entrees. They complained, also, and their waiter was no more considerate than ours. 
Essentially I paid $190 for such a bust of a meal, and here's the kicker-on the way out, the manager (?) asked how everything was and when I said "not great," he replied "well, at least it stopped raining."
This restaurant is awful.Save your money and go somewhere else. Everything here is extremely overpriced. Food quality is is worst than anything I've ever had. 
Definitely don't get the Oysters Rockefeller.  It tasted like something they pulled out of the kitchen sink disposal.Antoine's is by far the worst restaurant experience I've ever had and for someone who eats out 300 days out of the year, to say this is saying something.
I was visiting NOLA with a bunch of friends and Antoine's is a not-to-miss institution, right? Wrong!! 
First, we had to wait to be seated even though we had a reservation. Then we had a really small table - it seemed like they squeezed 10 of us onto a table meant for 6. No fun eating when your elbows are constantly digging into the person next to you. And if you think that was the worst of it, wait till you hear about the rest of it......
The waiter was rude and unhelpful. The food was awful, barely warm and nothing to write home about. The only saving grace of that meal was the wine but here again, the waiter spoiled it by pouring it into our glasses without asking if anyone wanted it and refilling glasses that were half-full ( a strict no-no when you want to enjoy the wine). And for a place that charges such high prices (the words arm and leg come to mind when you get the check), the plates, cutlery and wine glasses were straight out of a dollar store!
All in all, AVOID this place!The history and dining rooms were fun, the service was below average (tried talking us into the most expensive meals) and the food was crap. I've had better scalloped potatoes out of a box and the fish was "fishy". There are many better restaurants in the French Quarter, don't waste your time, so sad.Horrible service, waited 2 hours and 15 mins for this fatty ass chewy lamb. Not worth the money 58 dollar piece of fatVery elegant and stellar facilities. Staff is top notch. Oysters Rockefeller is the best on the world. Fish dishes world class. The wine cellar tour is a must. Expensive but worth it .Came here for my birthday lunch and I felt like it was hyped up for all the history behind the building/restaurant. We had the $20.11 lunch special with the crabmeat au gratin, had a fish dish, and then the bread pudding for dessert. Everything wasn't bad, persay, but it wasn't unique or so good that it warrants the price - thank goodness they had the lunch special since the regular prices for each of the dishes are more ridiculous. If I had to choose a place to go in New Orleans, it wouldn't be here.