I got a groupon to try this restaurant on my trip to NOLA. It is a good deal for the price. I ordered the Scallops with shrimp, corn and bacon. It looks really good but i think it is way too salty. By my last bit, it was difficult to down even after gulping my whole glass of water. They were out of duck when i visited.Recommended by a college friend. Did not disappoint. Charbroiled oysters were excellent. I had the scallops for the main course, the bacon plank under the corn maque choux made the meal. The rest of the group enjoyed as well..... Pork chops, steak, roasted fish. Brioche bread pudding put us over the top. Well done!!!!One of my top brunch recommendations in all of Nola! Amazing service, pleasant ambience, delicious food (the homemade biscuits & jelly and the burger are my favs) and I like that it's kind of hidden...great local spot to take out of town friends to. Oh and....BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.The food was prepared well and the service was good with the exception of the server assistant spilling a whole drink on me as I was writing this review.Had the moonlighting for my drink of the night....amazing!  Courtney was a wonderful server, super patient and well timed.  Loved the shrimp & grits and scallops, didn't totally love the dirty duck balls.  Overall, a fantastic experience with great food and service!  Great location for a romantic dinner, especially since it's not crazy noisy and really rather cute and cozy!While this place offered excellent service and there were a few standout dishes, it is just not up to par for the price. We ordered pommes frites, dirty duck balls and the fried quail from the happy hour menu. We had the pappardelle with pork ragu from the main menu, as well as the wedge salad. The fries and dirty duck balls were yummy and cheap. A great deal. The fried quail left much to be desired. Overly greasy, hard to eat and laid on top of the absolute most bland potato salad I have ever tasted.  The pasta was insane good. I'm not kidding; it was transcendent. The problem was that you got about four bites for $16! That's a little nuts to me. Why be so stingy with the pasta? If this had been a good sized portion I would return again and again for it, but I cannot justify paying $16 for four bites of noodles and sauce. And last but not least, there was my poor, little, pitiful excuse of a wedge salad. I am a bit of wedge salad fanatic and I order them wherever they are on the menu. This was one of the worst I have ever had and it was $12!!! Insulting. I guess the conclusion I have come to about Apolline is that they're a fine place to stop in for happy hour and you wont damage your pocket book too much that way, but for god's sake stay away from the regular menu unless you are a glutton for punishment. This place has a lot of potential and would do well to heed the suggestions of me and others by reworking their menu and lowering their prices. And learn how to make a wedge salad!Had an amazing brunch Sunday! Our server Mark was excellent in providing wonderful service. The chicken confit with french toast was so delicious, and the deluxe Bloody Mary is an experience to enjoy. The manager Lamont was so nice and really made a very pleasurable experience for me and my lovely date! Highly recommended.In town for a girl's trip... We visited many of our normal spots while here ---but, this place is now one of our absolute faves!!! Everything we ordered was fresh and delicious. Worth the drive out of the Warehouse District.Fourth time for dinner here was excellent, yet again.  Scallop dish is tops, a must try!  And the bread pudding is the best I've ever had, which is saying a lot.  Try the Mississippi (something else in the name in forgetting, ha) cocktail.  It's a refreshing twist on a French 75.  Lovely restaurant, quiet atmosphere, friendly staff.  Will go back for a 5th meal for sure.Called ahead. Arrived to seven open tables. 30 minute wait. Left. Followed out by hostess with recommendations for other places to eat? Weird. Open tables - can't be seated - left - followed out. Harassed by the owner for leaving a bad review for reasons above. To quote owner "yelpers always exaggerate". Ok. You win. Customers are bad. This one was sent some place else and won't be back. Congrats.Definitely eat here! Food, service, decor-all excellent. The presentation was impeccable and the food was delicious. Highly recommend it.I have eaten dinner here twice, and I had a great experience both times.  The atmosphere is lovely, and the staff is friendly.  For dinner it's a quiet place, intimate and with soft lighting.  You can also eat at the little bar, which I love.  
The crab taco appetizer is crazy good and unique.  I remember the heirloom tomato salad also being very good.  The first time I ate here, I had the tuna, which was very good, and the second time I had a steak, it was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I also had a side order of sauteed mushrooms that were the best I've ever had--get them.  My partner had the special fish dish, and he ate it all before I could try it!  However, he said it was very good, and we eat a lot of seafood at a lot of restaurants, so I believe him (lol).
I've gotten the same thing for dessert both times--it's the goat cheese mousse, and I love it.  But I'm a sucker for goat cheese desserts, so there may be a little personal preference at play here.
On an unrelated note, I happened to meet the owner at the DMV once, and he is a really friendly, down to earth guy.  He chose the painting at the end of the bar--it's a French Creole woman named Apolline (the restaurant's namesake, clearly), and the color scheme of the restaurant is based on this painting.  It's a beautiful piece, you may want to take a look at it on your way past the bar to the restrooms if you have a chance.If loving Apolline is wrong, I don't want to be right. Seriously, there was a borderline obsession going on for a while for my boyfriend and myself with this restaurant.  It is top notch from start to finish.  I've been for brunch and dinner, and everything has been wonderful every time.  The decor of Apolline is classy and warm, the staff are friendly and attentive, and the food is downright YUMMY!  I'm talking "want to roll around in it" its so good.  The drum is delicious, the scallops are amazing, the steak is fabulous, the oyster app is outstanding...brunch is spot on...and on and on...  Chef Matt Farmer has got a good thing going. Can't wait to try Wine Down Wednesdays.  Keep up the good work, Apolline!This place was great. They have unlimited mimosa ($16) it's a nice little fancy place. The food was great and the staff was very nice. It's about 3 miles from the French quarter. Definitely a nice place to go to if you are in the area.The food was impeccable. They have a nice menu of house cocktails. I strongly recommend the charbroiled oysters. For dinner we had the scallops and the lamb shank; both excellent. And the peanut butter mousse was fantastic. 
What stood out on top of their food was the impeccable service. Ask for Ned. He ranks in the top 5 servers I have ever experienced. Truly remarkably well spoken, enthusiastic yet not over the top, present but not intrusive... and absolutely stellar service.My wife and I won a silent auction dinner for two here and used it last night.  Two custom crafted cocktails, appetizers, entrees and dessert.  This is a really beautiful and comfortable restaurant.  The service and ambiance is just terrific.  
I picked a cocktail off their menu and Miriam had one altered slightly for fun.  Both were crafted by their experienced bartender.  He's been a mixologist for 15 years and is very talented.  
Miriam started with the charbroiled oysters and I tried the brussels sprouts with duck confit.  The oysters were some of the best I've ever had in NOLA.  They had just the right amount of butter, cheese and char.  They were delicate and juicy and perfectly balanced.  My sprouts were the best I have ever had.  Again, perfectly cooked, seasoned and without too much fat but enough to be unctuous and delicious.  Great.
I ordered the scallops with maque choux, bacon and San Marzano tomato sauce.  I got three big scallops.  They were a little under maybe but I'd rather have them that way then overcooked for sure.  The tomato was overwhelming toward the end but this was a really delicious and flavorful dish.  Miriam ordered the Gulf Fish of the day.  I had a bite, was great.  You'll have to read her review for the details.  
For dessert I ordered the famous bread pudding and Miriam ordered the chocolate pots de creme.  The bread pudding was as good as the reviews state for sure.  Moist with a great praline flavor and a scoop of ice cream.  I thought it was just about perfect.  I would rather have a creme anglaise with whisky on mine but ice cream and praline sauce are almost as good.  I thought Miriam's dessert was way too sweet.  They should use a darker chocolate if they're going to top it with the sickly sweet roasted marshmallows.  A little balance.  I found it really to be too much.  It's a fun idea but not for me.  
The coffee service is excellent as well.  I think the prices for dinner are commensurate with the quality of the food and service.  Brunch looks expensive to me especially the Country Breakfast but I would definitely come back for dinner.Beautiful little restaurant tucked away on Magazine Street. We went with a dinner group. Nice cocktail menu and decent wine list. I went with a series of small dishes, which several of us shared.The chargrilled oysters were fabulou-- huge and juicy; one of our group thought they were better than the baked oysters, which she had ordered, and which was served as a casserole. I enjoyed the duck confit salad, although there wasn't much duck on it. The smoked crab and apple salad was tasty, although the crab was a little lost amidst the mayonnaise and apple. The sweetbreads and grits were praised by one of our group who enjoys sweetbreads. Our waitress highly recommended the peppered beef carpaccio, so I ordered it, despite not being a carpaccio fan. It was actually fantastic!  A little salty, but accompanied by a pile of dressed greens and shaved aged cheese, it tasted like a fresh prosciutto. Really tasty and worth trying.
I liked that all the herbs and vegetables are locally sourced (some grown on site), and Chef Matt Farmer came out to personally greet our group and was kind enough to answer random questions about the decor. Service was prompt and friendly, and waitstaff was very knowledgeable.WTF?
I tried to go to brunch here - I had a party of 3. I called in advance. They don't take reservations for brunch but they have plenty of space so just come on over. Great. We go. We get there. They have 8 open tables we can count by standing at the hostess station. She must go survey the room to tell us how long the wait will be. She returns after going and looking at all of their empty tables to tell us it will be 25 minutes before we can be seated. When asked why there is a wait when there are so many open tables she says that for us to have the best service possible it requires this wait. Uh, no thanks. The best service would be to seat me and take my drink order even if I have to wait 5 minutes for your bar to pour me a glass of champagne. I'm a local, and t dine out a ton. This was one of the stupidest interactions I've had to have with a restaurant in a very long time. They obviously don't want the business or positive customer reviews. In this instance, I am just a potential customer, but not any more. Skip this foolishness. There are many other better options.
REPLY TO KEITH:
In response to the owner's condescending reply to my negative review, I'll say this...what was awkward about my interaction with your staff was that you weren't that busy, so I was indeed befuddled that we could not be seated at one of the many open tables here. Thanks for schooling me on business. I work for a big one and have many clients who operate their own very successfully - including several restaurants. I've only lived in New Orleans my whole life, and I know a few people. I'll be sure to let all of them know that this is a place to scratch off their dining lists. There are so many other great options that no one will miss it. 
Thanks again for your great customer service and concern for my dining experience.Solid place to eat! Ate brunch here as well as dinner. 
Brunch is AWESOME! The biscuits are to die for .. make sure you pair them with the homemade jam. 
While eating dinner here in June, the power went out (It was out all down Magazine St) We still were able to get our food and enjoy it. the service was excellent!! 
Entrees have a great range of options to please everyone. The desserts change often and always have a fun "funky" flair ... yum! All and all, you can not go wrong here!! Try it, you won't be sorry!Sooooooo disappointed! My friend and I who share a birthday ate at Apolline and loved it. So we decided to have mutual celebration there with our 8 friends from Thibodaux. The staff immediately informed us the bartender didn't show. We ordered appetizers that last time were delicious, this time fair, at best. Next and I think the worst, 9 people served and one of our guests was left waiting 18 minutes,to be served, because they had burned her food. We made reservations 2 1/2 weeks before our party and it appeared they were were not ready for us, except that the table was set. 
Another disappointment was there was a very limited dessert menu, that day. They had a chance to win over 8 out-of-towners, who visit NO often, but instead turned 
us all OFF! No more Apolline for me!I really enjoyed brunch this morning.  I am used to restaurants being packed for brunch so we arrived right at 10 and it was empty!  Our waiter was very nice and attentive.  I had the Delux Bloody Mary and it was a sight to behold!  It had two huge boiled shrimp, a ton of spicy beans and a tiny biscuit!  We ordered the biscuits and jam to start and after that I was already full!  I got the steak and eggs and it was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I would go again just for the bloody mary!  I am really looking forward to trying happy hour as well!Came here with a Groupon and was very pleased with dinner. My bf and I glanced at their menu online before going in and my bf had his mind set on their pork shank or cowboy ribeye. When we got our menus they had made some changes, taking both of those off in exchange for quail and a new york strip. My bf opted for the strip and I got the scallops. 
We started with the shrimp and grits. The shrimp came w/ heads on and were half peeled. The presentation was beautiful but I wish they were peeled for me. And the grits were like a fried grit cake. There were also some pieces of andouille sausage that gave it a bite. It was not was I was thinking but it tasted very good. But it was my least favorite dish of the night. Three stars
Scallops were cooked beautifully and I had a nice surprise underneath the corn with a thick crispy piece of bacon the brought the dish all together. Flavor was great but my shrimp were slightly over and the dish was a bit greasy. It also came with a pea puree that really lightened it up though. Four stars
The NY Strip was cooked to perfection (med rare) and was seasoned very nicely. It also came with potatoes au gratin with ham which was so cheese and velvety smooth. It was a very nice combination. My bf wanted a little more flavor, like a compound butter but the restaurant did not have any. Four stars
For dessert we were deciding between the blueberry shortcake and the bread pudding. Both tables to each side of us had each dessert so after comparing the two we got the brioche bread pudding w/ praline sauce. It had candied pecans on top which gave it a great crunch. The bread pudding was so velvety smooth and it was absolutely delicious. I was worried it may have been too sweet for me with the praline sauce but with the vanilla ice cream it was very well balanced and was the end to an amazing meal. Five stars
Our server, Mikayla was great and made great suggestions. Service was very good and our food came at at the appropriate time. They have a great cocktail menu but after a day of day-drinking water was all I thirsted for. I will definitely be back to try out their happy hour and that blueberry shortcake.Apolline has become my favorite neighborhood restaurant (and bar, for that matter). It fills a void in the uptown dining scene; the need for a nice, upscale casual, but comfortable restaurant with excellent food and drinks.  Chef Matt creates food that reflects the best of the season and the drinks are created with housemade spirits that reflect the tastes of the season and wonderfully compliment Chef Matt's food. The staff is attentive and helpful and always keen to offer suggestions. The pork chop and the beef carpaccio are two of my favorites. Be sure to ask Analyn, the bar tender about her collection of housemade infused vodkas and brandies!
Not only is the food and drink top-notch, but the space is great too. Housed in a historic, restored, double shotgun, there is a large open dining area, as well as a private room and bar area. The restoration of the house was very well done and historically sensitive. All in all, Apoline is a great choice if you are looking for a low-key week day dinner or a fancy, go-all-out weekend dinner.I have to reduce to 3 stars based on last night's meal. But I do want to comment a little more on the space than I did last time. 
 The space itself is really attractive, an old double shotgun converted to a single. The dining room is  both halves of what was the original first and second parlors. There are two freestanding fireplaces in the room which some foolish designer decided to whitewash so what was probably soft red brick is now whitewashed brick, not unattractive but not as lovely as the original likely was. The bar is further back and is nice, but I don't like the transition from historic to contemporary. Actually there is no transition. It's just changes like you've gone through a time warp.
This is the second time I have been here, and the food was wanting. It was one of those meals that was almost there, just needed a boost to get to the top. 
We started with duck balls (I know) and baked oysters. Both were good, both were warm not hot, both needed salt. For entrees we ordered the  same scallop dish from last time and the filet. The scallops were cooked correctly, but the corn in the maque choux was tough and ... not hot. The filet was served atop a delicious carrot puree with roasted potatoes. It was ordered medium rare and served barely medium, more like medium well, and the entire dish was lukewarm. In addition, the confit mushrooms that were supposed to be included were nowhere in sight.
Finally for dessert we ordered the apple moonshine cake with apple sorbet. The cake was fine, but the sorbet was ill conceived and poorly executed, a watery mess. Ice cream is what was needed in any event, not sorbet.
So it was a disappointing evening (other than the company). Would I go back? Maybe. Hopefully, the kitchen staff had a bad night.If you want a great atmosphere, awesome drinks, and delicious food, then definitely come to Appoline. Would be a great place for a first date in an unintimidating-yet-classy atmosphere with food that won't completely break the bank (though expect $40 - $50 per person with drinksC'est magnifique!  From the moment we walked in the door, this place seemed special. Our host and hostess were polite and professional.  Our server was great, very charming and easygoing, but also very knowledgeable about the menu and able to answer all of the questions we threw at her.  She definitely made the evening more enjoyable. 
The food, though, was the real highlight. We split charbroiled oysters and a lettuce wedge for our appetizers. Each was a modern play on a classic, and both were very satisfying. My wife had the scallops, and I had the fresh gulf fish. Both were prepared perfectly, and were delicious.
We definitely hope to return the next time we are in New Orleans.We had brunch there today and it was our first visit. It definitely won't be our last!! The staff were so outgoing and friendly. The atmosphere was great and the food was amazing!!!
You're missing something special if you don't try this restaurant!If you want a meal so good you're left questioning your life and absolutely certain on the existence of heaven... This is the place. Hand crafted cocktails, an amazing wine list, food worth dying for that honestly makes you think you might have gone to heaven already., all paired with a staff and owner who know love and cherish their menu.... You really can't beat this place on ambience, menu, service, or overall experience. My #1 restaurant in New Orleans by far!Small and intimate setting but very loud for breakfast on a Sunday. Staff was attentive and my waiter knew the menu well and made a great suggestion. I had the Eggs Appoline and it's AMAZING!!I've done two boozy brunches here and both have been wonderful! I had their bottomless mimosas and both times they gave me a to-go cup poured to the top! I have the duck bowel and the eggs apolline. Both were delicious! I've been very happy with the service and atmosphere. We will definitely continue to go here!The food!!!!! The service!!! Everything was just amazing! We went during St Patrick's Day weekend and fell in love! If you are looking for a great atmosphere, great food, amazing portions! Look no further!Under the radar gem. Unpretentious service, creative and flavorful food, and fairly reasonable price compared to other high end restaurants in town. Also, it's a beautiful room.This restaurant was delicious. Don't pass up the heirloom tomato salad with pistachios and balsamic. My only compliant being the over easy eggs were way too easy. Some of the whites were still clear.Had a great brunch experience at Apolline and hope to go back soon! 
I ordered the duck hash with poached eggs. Really tasty but a little heavy on potatoes and a little skimpy on the duck meat. 
My friend ordered the breakfast apolline and enjoyed it -- include crawfish, poached egg, and creamy hollandaise so be ready to eat something rich if you get this 
We got the pecan bacon as an appetizer by recommendation of our waiter. It was good but could've been a little crispier. 
Be sure to try: 
Bottomless drinks -- they keep the mimosas and Bloody Mary's coming! Definitely worth your while to invest in this if you're trying to get boozy at brunch.
Iced coffee with chocolate. Great strong coffee with chocolate sauce on the bottom. Not too sweet.
Overall a good brunch spot with a nice atmosphere and friendly service! 
Just went back -- loved the chicken and waffles tooLovely ambiance. Pork shanks cooked perfectly. Located in Victorian cottage right past Valence street. Nice addition to UptownWe tried Apolline for the first time on Sat evening and LOVED it.  The atmosphere is very charming and the food was really good.  We had the charbroiled oysters and crab meat and goat cheese tart for apps which were incredible.  My partner had the sweet potato and andouille bisque and it was also great.  For entrees we had the drum and the grouper and for desert we split the bread pudding.  We will be going back again soon and we are so happy to have such a great newer restaurant in the neighborhood.I do belueve for Sunday brunch, one can do a lot better.   nothing was very good although the eggs apolina was tasty.  The clientele were beautiful, but more trendy than discretionary for their culinary selections.   Lovely interior, nice people, questionable epicurean skills.The best meal we've had in ages! The carpaccio was out of this world! We had several of the appetizers and each one was perfectly balanced and light, so flavorful. 
We came on our third wedding anniversary and were treated so well by the staff. We found the ambiance to be perfect for our party of two, but could easily see ourselves returning with a larger group to pass and share the apps. 
I had the scallops, which came with perfectly cooked shrimp and the best corn maque choux I've ever had. It was creamy and not overpowered by bell peppers. 
My husband had the duck. It was amazing! The pecans really made the duck pop. 
The whole experience was wonderful and we would recommend this to anyone. 
Chef Farmer is a talented New Orleans chef bringing a great voice to the food scene with his balanced and creative dishes.I tried the three-course dinner, every dish is awesome!
I started with a Baked Brie, the cheese in it is baked, the skin of it taste great, and the red onion is sweet, very yummy.
Entree: Crispy Confit Duck Leg with red bean sauce, it is very very crispy! Awesome.
Dessert:Brioche Bread Pudding (vanilla bean ice cream, pecans, praline sauce). Bread pudding is alway great dessert, even better with ice cream and pecan!
I will definitely recommend Apolline to my friends and it worth a second visit!Apolline Restaurant has the nicest people, starting from the customers, to the host, to the waitresses all the way to the chef. Chef Mike personally said hello to my friends and I and he made extra goodies. :) The food and mimosas were amazing which made the atmosphere out of this world. I will return to this restaurant.Overall a very pleasant meal.
My wife and I came here on a Friday night for dinner.The restaurant was not very populated at all when we arrived but slowly start to get a little busier as the night went on.
 We decided to go with the flatbread that was on special.  We also ordered a half bottle of wine that was brought out in a carafe.  The flatbread was good and was a nice light appetizer. 
  For the main entree, we got the Seared Diver Scallops.  This dish all around was pretty good.  The Maque Corn Choux was a great addition and the bacon plank that the scallops were served on was very tasty.
  For our dessert, we ordered the Chocolate Bombe. The dessert was okay but a little hard to eat at first because the bombe was still a little frozen. 
 Our waiter was very pleasant and we have nothing bad to say about this place.The food was excellent. The new cook from Phily did a stellar job. The food is not your usual fare but definitely worththe adventure. The service was exceptional and the ambiance was perfect. Topping it off the pandora Bill Withers station made it that much more enjoyable.Hesitant to write this review for fear of not being able to get a table next visit.  Anyway, let me start by staying this place rocks, and service goes a long way.  We walked 30 minutes from our place to dine and the long, hot, perspiring trip was worth every step.  Arrived about 11 on a busy Sunday morning only to be genuinely welcomed by the delightful hostess.  She was not only welcoming and inviting, but genuine as well.  She opened the door, welcomed us and sat us, quickly.  
Waitress arrived quickly, complimented my wife's earrings, and delivered beverages immediately.  She checked in on us often and provided excellent service.
Food was outstanding.  We enjoyed heirloom salad, soup, omelette, and divine bread pudding.  Every bite better than the last.  
Just when you think  things can't get better, the delightful waitress delivers to-go glasses of fresh squeezed mimosas.  
I hope I don't regret this review due to lack of availability next visit but run, don't walk.  Brunch is top notch here.  Thanks for making our Sunday perfect!  We'll be back!Service was slow and unfriendly. My food was not good enough for the price, and the lack of options did not class up the place. Rather, it was frustrating and SO SLOW. Only reason I'm giving it two stars is because my dining companions enjoyed their food slightly more than I. I will not return nor recommend to anyone visiting the city. Go to Coulis- cheaper, friendlier, and much better food.This is a great little neighborhood restaurant! Wine selection had good options, good atmosphere, perfect date night place. Very quaint and romantic. Would def go back!Had brunch here (primarily for the bottomless mimosas and bloody marys). Service was poor to start - they forgot about our table at first - but after that the staff was very attentive. The mimosas and bloody marys were great - Bloody Mary came with garnishments (like it should) and the mimosas were generous. Plus you can switch between the two and they let us take them to go! We had the Eggs Apolline and the burger. Would recommend both! Overall rating a 4 - very solid brunch option!What a cute little restaurant and great dining experience. We had a groupon for this place. Although groupon is a great way to try new places I have found that most are complete misses. This place was definitely an exception and a pleasant surprise.
The space is very inviting and cozy; it's a converted double shotgun home with simple decor. The setting is perfect for a romantic dinner or intimate group gathering.
The menu is nice and focused. I had the pan seared scallops. Came with three scallops and three shrimp over a corn macque choux and a thick piece of bacon and a tomato sauce. The corn medley and bacon were actually my favorite part of the dish. The scallops were okay and the shrimp was a bit over cooked and slightly bitter. 
My dinner companion had the fish of the day (red snapper) which was served with Green beans and a crab salad. Was a good dish and the fish was cooked well.
For dessert we had the blueberry shortcake which I highly recommend. The biscuits were warm, crunchy on the outside, chewy inside. Was topped with a generous serving of blueberries and served with ice cream and blueberry goat cheese. I'm not typically a fan of goat cheese, but it was all very balanced and delicious together. 
They have an amazing sounding happy hour tues-fri 5-630. We missed that but we were there for wine Wednesday --four types of wine for $5 a glass or $20 for the bottle. And they definitely didn't skimp on the pour. 
Service was friendly and relatively quick. No complaints there.
Overall, really enjoyed dining here. The portions are pretty small for what you pay so would probably come back for either happy hour or a special occasion.Went here a couole of months ago for brunch.  It honestly was a very disappointing experience.  We went here based on the reviews we read on yelp.  Maybe we went on an off day but the food was terrible.  I was so annoyed with my food quality compared to the price.  I got the chicken and waffles.  For some reason $17 only gets you half a waffle.  I guess I am so focused on that because it was the only edible thing on my plate and I wished there was more cause I was starving!  The chicken was one of the worst cooked items I have ever received from a restaurant.  The chicken was so dry it was really just flavorless jerky, how you achieve such dry chicken with the bone in I don't know.  With the dry chicken you would think that it would at least have a crispy skin but no it was greasy, slimy and soggy. I reminded me of the first time my kid sister made chicken at the age of 12.
I actually left hungry cause I could only eat the half of a waffle they gave me.
There are to many great places in new orleans to even think about giving this place a chance!Great bottomless mimosas!! Nice ambience. The food was tasty. We tried the candied pecan bacon, the chicken and waffles and the roasted pork enchiladas. All were great!Apolline is an uber cute restaurant the girls and I came acrosss when we walked the empty streets of magazine after midnight on Friday night. practically everything was closed but we thought the building was cute. It looks like a house at first but then we saw the sign and realized it was a restaurant. After further inspection and days later when we thought we should partake in a brunch on Sunday, Apolline made the cut.
To be honest, we had tried a few other places, of which only took reservations, and we had certainly not thought ahead that far, Apolline does not take reservations for brunch, first come first served. Awesome sauce. It was close to our airbnb so we walked over Sunday morning and made it just in time. Shortly after being seated a few other large groups came in, only to wait. We gave our selves pat's on the back, tee hee hee. 
The place is adorbs inside, much like most of new orleans. Beautiful hard wood floors, brick pillars, tall ceiling to floor windows. Pretty place for brunch. Let's not forget they have bottomless mimosas if you so choose. 
We started with an order of their pecan bacon. Which was just like it says, bacon, topped with sugary pecan.They're like candied pieces of bacon. Delicious. I got ordered their Eggs Apolline which is basically their take on an eggs benedict complete with andouille sausage and crawfish tails. It was tasty, I will say. My poached eggs were a little more cooked then i would have liked but i was alright with it. They were very busy. The stellar dish I would say is the waffle and fried chicken thigh one of the other girls ordered. The waffle was airy and still crispy and the chicken thigh was cooked to perfection, boneless and easy to eat. 
Brunch was certainly a success and the food was good, but expected a little bit more. The mimosa's were a hit and they even made us an order to go when we were done! It does get a little bit loud in there, or a lot a loud so be prepared for that. Fun place to dine out and do something on the fancier end.The best kept secret in all of New Orleans. We had a table of 8, the service was wonderful and the food was out of this world! From Tampa to Apolline, Thank you!My friend and I went last night for some wine and apps.  So delicious!  There wine selection was lovley and their fries were so good!  The service was excellent.  It's the perfect cozy setting a fall evening.  Will for sure be back!Service was spotty (and it was pretty empty) and the food, besides the cinnamon bacon, was less than stellar. There are definitely better Brunch options.Just went to Apolline for the second time. I loved it so much the first that I was worried my expectations were too high and I would be a little disappointed, which is so often the case. Not this time, however. The second visit was even better than the first. The walnut manhattan is wonderful and each time I had too many because I couldn't get enough. The duck confit leg and the pork loin are both absolutely amazing. I took my mom and she got the pork loin. She said it was the best pork loin she has ever eaten. Then, the desserts. The goat cheese mousse, served with pears and a bevy of other things is heavenly. Love this place!The chargrilled oysters, heirloom tomato salad and the short rib....mmmmm. Not to mention the beautiful decor, paintings--and don't miss the wall paper in the ladies room.  And if you like Bourbon, start with their cocktail..."a Dance on the Courthouse Lawn"!So the manager contacted us to encourage us to return because they wanted to show us a better experience, and they did! We were so happy that we gave it another shot. We left our first Apolline dinner really disappointed, because we could see the potential but it failed on every account. Recently, it has gone under new management which is what I believe has made a huge difference. Our dinner last night was amazing. 
The servers were great, and the food was even more notable. We got the gnocchi appetizer (I recently went to Rome for a semester where I ate a lot of gnocchi, and this beat almost every gnocchi I had there). The gnocchi was light and delicious, and the sauce had a medley of vegetables and was perfectly cooked. We also got a duck confit salad for an appetizer and it was a very inventive take on a classic combination of salad components. As a crouton, they used a delicious spice bread underneath the greens, which remained crispy the whole time. It had an amazing spiced poached pear, and a great wedge of suiting blue cheese to go with it. 
As an entree, we got perhaps the most delicious dish I have had in months: their scallop dish is out of this world. It is on a foundation of perfectly cooked bacon with a corn choux and amazing scallops. We also got a perfectly medium rare kansas city strip for the other entree with feta frites.
We have attributed the poor first Apolline experience to the fact that it was Valentine's Day and they were tired and under the previous management. Because this meal was spectacular. It was amazing that in one visit, they completely changed our minds from a sub-par establishment to one of our new favorite restaurants in New Orleans.Went here about a month ago.  Nice place for a date - in quaint old house with fireplace in dining room.  Their butternut squash/andouille sausage soup (nightly special not on menu) was great.  Their steak and pasta was not much to remember.  I'd probably give it another try but not too soon.Ned was awesome! We had a party of 7 and had amazing food. We highly recommend this place for brunch/lunch. The Bloody Mary's were great too.Delicious appetizers! Delicious entrees! My husband and I came here to enjoy our pre Valentine's Day dinner. Service, Atmosphere, Food - all on point! Check them out! Lovely!!!New favorite brunch spot! Googled good brunch spots and Apolline popped up! Great menu, bottomless mimosas!! Cute little spot on magazine, hidden treasure! Service was excellent, atmosphere was great! Quoted 45 minutes to wait...don't think we even waited 20! Perfection! Sara took excellent care of us and I will recommend Apolline to any of my guests!I came here for brunch and I was really  impressed. 
I ordered the Eggs Appoline and it was so yummy. It was the perfect portion, the perfect flavor combinations, and it hit the SPOT.
The servers were friendly, the vibes and decor were fabulous and the people watching was PRIME. 
Also, the bathrooms are so beautiful!My favorite brunch in New Orleans. The shrimp & grits are out of this world. Smoked pork enchiladas for breakfast? -yes. Topped with a sunny side egg. Highly recommend a visit.Pros:
Beautiful atmosphere
Nice, attentive waitstaff 
Fun zydeco music
Good food, but compared to the many amazing options in NO, average at best. 
Cons:
Limited brunch selection
Not many healthy options 
Limited hot tea selectionOne of my new favorite places. This is a review for mostly the happy hour and atmosphere, since we only ordered the fries to eat (which were really good!). We went last Friday after I had been eyeing a bus sign in the CBD advertising it, for a while now. We went in and it is the most adorable restaurant! Great, romantic place. We got seats at the bar and everyone was chatting together and the bartender, Mark (I'm pretty sure that's his name) was amazing. He was engaging in conversation with everyone and seemed to be having a great time. The options for the small plates for happy hour were great! Some examples: $2 olives, $4 salad or fries, $6 scallops
We talked to him for a while and he even gave us samples of the "my brother-in-law..." drink, which was great! All our cocktails/wine were really good. Definitely will be back here!! :)Apolline was absolutely wonderful.  The food was fantastic and the waiters were attentive, fun and intelligent.  The chef is young and puts a nice spin on some traditional dishes, and the owner even stood outside for us at 11PM trying to flag down a cab.  The restaurant is really an old house that's decorated very simply (but clean); it's a bit loud (we had a very loud party next to us in the private room, which is basically cut off only by a curtain), and it's not the place to go for a quiet romantic dinner, but I would recommend it to anyone looking for a cool neighborhood restaurant with a young exciting chef that puts their own flair on traditional New Orleans' cuisine.  I will definitely be back.  Highly recommended.Hands down the best restaurant to be at on a Weekend. Bottomless mimosas on point!
Jessie (female server) absolutely the best. She was off today but Ned took real care of us. Ready for refills at any time. He did it last weekend and succeeded this weekend as our server. Highly recommend this placeI've only been here for the Sunday Brunch with bottomless mimosas, but I don't want to go anywhere else,  is someone can recreate this vibe closer to the city,  I'm there. BUT, in the meantime the food is amazing, that's really all you need to know,  but there are two staff members that made the experience even better. Jessie and my man NED, if you're not in his section,  it's probably going to suck for you. The best brunch in the city hands down.We came for brunch on our last day in NOLA. Three of us had bottomless Bloody Mary's (peppery and perfect). The Herb Roasted Duck Bowl was amazingly good! The Eggs Apolline was good, but the Duck Bowl was better. We also started with the orgasmic Cinnamon Bacon! This was most def worth the trip from The Quarter. We'll be back!Had the steak.  It was perfect. Tasted wife's pork Loin. Tad dry. Great atmosphere, although with half the restaurant empty I would have liked to be seated further away from the bar. 
Overall, a great restaurant. I'm just being critical because its a review.When to brunch on Wednesday. Usually brunch is on weekends but thought give it a try. When we arrived there were 3 tables being served and noticed no one was eating yet. Only one waitress who was trying to do her best....got the drinks mixing up. She apologizes. And had proper drinks in 5 minutes.  Took about 20 minutes for food to come. Since no food drink started going to my head and asked for bread or just crackers, she said they didn't serve that with brunch.  I got vegetable omelet which was great and wife got pork enchiladas which was good also. Exterior was old home but inside rather modern...dining room open and not quint. Nothing really spectacular to keep me coming back, but definitely worth a try. Prices very reasonableThis was one of the best meals my husband and I have had in awhile. My scallops were fresh and perfectly cooked. His smoked pork chop was tender and juicy. You can tell the kitchen staff puts tremendous care into the dishes they present. The cocktails were delicious too! We've eaten at many fine restaurants in the city and this was among the best!The best shrimp and grits on the planet!  I'm addicted.  The duck leg wonderfully crisp and succulent kale ravioli.  The building is charming and the staff is friendly and fast.  A great location on Magazine!  I will go again many times.  Again, the shrimp and grits is a must!In my quest to try different restaurants all over town, a friend and I ended up here.
To be honest, I would probably give this place 3.75 stars, but since this isn't Star Search, we'll just go with 4 stars.
I really liked the ambiance of this place. It's small, but nice and the lay out is perfect for the space. For our starters we got the Foie Sheaux. It was delicious foie gras topped with greens. It was very rich and very good. I'm not usually a huge fan a foie gras, but this was amazing.
For my entree' I decided on the Lamb Osso Bucco. This really was an experimental kind of night, because I usually don't go for lamb at all. I guess if you are going to have something that's out of your comfort zone, this is a good place to do so. It wasn't bad. The lamb was tender and it came on a bed of fettuccine.  The sauce had a lot of flavor and complimented the lamb well. I am still not really a lamb fan, but this dish was well prepared and succulent.
As for dessert, we ordered the pumpkin ice cream. It came topped on a ginger snap. It was good because it was really light and refreshing and was a good way to end the meal.
I might go back and try some other dishes, but Apolline probably won't be on the top of my list of "go to" restaurants.Bottomless Mimosas and Bloody Mary's Sundays for brunch!  And the food is delicious!  Great place, so glad the place we originally wanted to eat was too packed, this was definitely better!!I absolutely adore this place, but I'm spoiled since it's walking distance for me... It's great for weekend brunch, but gets very crowded and they don't take reservations, which sometimes makes for a long wait. 
But make sure to try it for dinner too - the food's phenomenal, it's great for a date, or sit at the bar and enjoy a curated cocktail from Mark the "professional enabler" aka bartender. Wine-Down Wednesdays and a decent Happy Hour are big pluses, too.I used to love Apolline, but their serving sizes have decreased dramatically in recent months. I was extremely disappointed when my food was delivered. The biscuits they now use are very small and pretty hard. Though Apolline used to be my go-to brunch spot, I won't be going back to pay $16 for such a tiny plate. Service and atmosphere were still great, but I can't justify spending that money on such a small serving.Excellent meal. I was in NOLA for a few days in a work trip and someone at a CrossFit I dropped in at suggested Magazine St for dinner. It was a 25 minute drive from my hotel, but I figured I would give it a go since my hotel was in a horrible food zone (all fast fried food). I looked on Yelp and found positive reviews of Apolline. It was a few block stroll from where I'd parked so I got to look at other places first. The restaurant was tucked into what looked like an old house but had a very classy interior. The host and waiter were very helpful. I had the heirloom tomato salad and the snapper appetizers. Both were excellent. I had the pork chop for dinner and it was also perfect. I drank a glass of Cabernet with the apps and had an old fashioned with the chop - very pleased with everything. Slightly pricey, but definitely would go again. Highly recommend.Lovely in so many ways. It's a beautiful serene dining room with impeccable service, beautiful soft jazz playing and the food is memorable and delicious. I had a beautiful tenderloin,a salad of  some tiny pear shaped tomatoes combined with watermelon (of all things) and it was fabulous! Then finished with bread pudding which was small and well done- not a giant glop of over sweetened bread.  It was very French with beautiful tables set with crisp white linens and oh yes, the tiny bread is so delicious and hot right out of the oven. Shamefully we asked for seconds and weren't even embarrassed to do so.
I get hungry when I think of Appoline.We came for brunch on a Saturday morning.  We loved everything we ordered and the service was on point!  I think our servers name was Jessie. She was super sweet and gave us great suggestions.  (Pulled pork enchiladas x3). I will for sure come back for dinner next time!My parents, some friends of ours and I were planning to go to Coulis around 11 AM, but the line was down the street. I've always been interested in this place, so we just went here. We were a party of six, so they were a little upset that we hadn't made a reservation, but they graciously put a table together for us. We had a delicious meal with a very nice waitress, and the food was top quality. The french toast. wow. Veggie omelet. yum. I got the duck salad and I think it was the best thing on the table. Call beforehand and go to this beautiful restaurant!!My boyfriend and I were visiting New Orleans for the weekend and looked up where to find the best Bloody Mary and Apolline came up. Since it was in walking distance, we decided to give it a try. We walked in and sat down at the bar and that was the beginning of what we will now always remember as a great afternoon in Nola. The bartender Amanda was extremely friendly and so knowledgeable. She let us sample different drinks, try New Orlean's staples and test out some of her experimental drinks that she is working on. I also had the best martini to date and I don't even like gin, so that is saying a lot. Apolline was such a treat and the perfect way to start our vacation. I recommend anyone who is looking for great drinks and some friendly faces to visit and sit at the bar, you won't be disappointed! So glad that a simple search for a good Bloody Mary (which was great bu the way) led us to Apolline and Amanda.Really impressed with brunch here. The pecan bacon is to die for and the bottomless mimosas are a solid deal. The bartender was wonderful!Our family enjoyed your brunch menu on this past Sunday. It was our first time here. We had no wait time. Service was excellent. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. The food was absolutely delicious! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for great food and quality service!The service was great as usual. Great atmosphere. The scallop dish and the fish dish are my favorite here. The Creme  brûlée was delicious!Excellent Find! The waitstaff very friendly and attentive The food was the highlight of our trip to NOLA, The BLT the Shrimp and grits, the Cinnamon Bacon out of this world our table of eight loved everything.  Watermelon salad with feta yummy.
Wonderful ambianceThis review is based off of their brunch. 
Pros: $8 bottomless mimosas, very nice airy but cozy atmosphere, service was great.
Biscuit and gravy was very good. Veggie omelet with goat cheese was simple and fresh tasting. The only thing I thought was weird that the entrees that came with a waffle was served with a half a waffle...why not do the whole waffle? Maybe they found a lot of people couldn't finish it, but it looked a little skimpy. I don't know if I would return for brunch but I would be interested in trying their dinner menu.Last weekend was my second time there and this place is just delicious. I had the pork and my husband had the duck and both dishes were absolutely fabulous. We had the Brie appetizer and it melted in your mouth. Very cozy romantic spot, perfect for a romantic dinner. Don't miss this place! The bread pudding dessert was so delicious and I don't even like bread pudding!!!Fantastic experience! The food was phenomenal and the service as well. I was surprised to see that this place was not more packed, but we went on a Thursday night and perhaps this place is more of a brunch option for locals. For tourists: must try this as opposed to the many French Quarter eateries. It was recommended to us by a local as it is in the Garden District.  This is a great little area to stroll through and walk off some of your meal! Overall, great ambiance and service!As a Lifelong, die-hard NY'er, I am I suppose - definitionally, unavoidably - a bit of a "food snob".   Tucked away in an elegantly understated former "shotgun building" on a quiet, unassuming block of lovely Magazine Street in the Garden District, hides one of the quintessentially finest (8 Stars out of 5!) restaurants I have ever (EVER!) had the pleasure of patronizing.  Period.  Full stop.
From the food and the wine, to the ambiance and staff - and every nook & cranny in between - Apolline is a truly World-Class gastronomic indulgence.  What's more, it is exquisitely consistent (I've been exactly twice - interspersed by a year - and it was uniformly magical on both occasions!).
Utterly magnificent.  Once again, 8-Stars out of 5!!!!Great cocktails especially the Fluidity!! House made infused vodka with cranberry,ginger, lime & sparkling wine:) Scallops & bacon were divine!! Too much rosemary for the pork loin but if you mixed it up with the mashed potatoes & onions it wasn't too overwhelming. Our favorite was the crabmeat & goat cheese tart & for dessert the chocolate bombe!! Definitely will go back:)Found this restaurant on Groupon. Needed to get away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter on our recent trip to New Orleans. So many restaurants to chose from, let Groupon guide our decision.
YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS RESTAURANT! We had an amazing dinner. Started with 1/2 price cocktails and appetizers at the bar speaking with Craig our bartender. Great guy! Josh, one of the hosts very likeable guy who made the time to share more history and info on New Orleans!
Erin was our server and she was very attentive and helpful. We really enjoyed her.
Now to the business of enjoying our meal. The meal was outstanding. Our compliments to the Chef. We did not have to order a side, but they looked amazing. Our meals was so tasty with a variety of flavors. Delicious! We did enjoy an appetizer of duck balls...excellent! ( Could we have three of them?)
We enjoyed our bread pudding dessert back at our hotel, but Erin allowed us to enjoy ice cream with praline pecan sauce on top at the restaurant. 
The ambiance was so relaxing, quiet and the building itself steeped in history ( Josh explained it to us.)
Thank you Groupon and thank you to the staff at this fine restaurant for making our " off French Quarter" experience so wonderful.
If there are any of you reading this review, folks do not hesitate, try this restaurant, you will not be sorry.Came here for dinner with some friends and we were so impressed. Two of us had the Confit Duck Leg, one of us got the Pan Seared Diver Scallops, and another had the Beeler's Pork Chop.
The Confit Duck and Beeler's Pork Chop servings were massive. Almost a struggle to get through (except for the fact that they were so delicious). The Scallops were a smaller serving but still very filling.
I have a huge sweet tooth and I loved both the Hootie Tootie Pie (tasted like pure chocolate- a bit rich for some) and the Brioche Bread Pudding which was perfect.The atmosphere was fun and inviting. The staff was professional and friendly. The food was delicious and we had starters, main course, and a dessert. Everything was prepared perfectly. The drinks were also great and strong. I highly recommend Apolline.***********3.5**********
What we ordered: shrimp and grits, cinnamon and pecan bacon, biscuits and gravy, and confit chicken w/ waffle.
Serving size: It was pretty dang small. They couldn't even give ya girl a full waffle, like WTF! Did u pour half a portion of batter into the waffle iron, or serve the other half to someone else?! Whack! The chicken was nice and juicy and was probably a quarter of a chicken. The shrimp & grits were good too, but again the portion was small. Grits are cheap and they were cheap with their distribution of them. That bacon as an appetizer was soooooo good! Don't be fooled by the fact that it's sweetened that's what makes it even better. The gravy for the biscuits were good, but the biscuits were clearly Bisquick mix. SMDH! Bottomless mimosas are $16/pp and the whole table didn't have to get it if only a select few wanted to opt-in.  Flavors for the mimosas were orange, cranberry, and grapefruit. So needless to say, I got drunk. Lol! That's what brunch is about, otherwise it's just breakfast and then u might as well go to work, but it's the weekend so turn up! Service was super friendly and our waiter was knowledgeable. My friend found a hair in her French toast half way through our meal and they comped it, then offered a replacement meal. Super customer service! 
Note: they don't take reservations for brunch, so we had to wait about 15 mins for our table at about 11:30 on a Sunday.Finally was able to eat here for dinner and it was fantastic! We used a groupon, which came with 2 entrees and a dessert. I got the gulf fish, which was absolutely delicious. My husband ordered the quail (neither of us had ever had quail before actually) and said it was one of the best entrees he has ever ordered in his life. It was Wine Down Wednesday so they had 2 types of reds and 2 types of white for $5/glass or $20/bottle. The chocolate caramel dessert was delicious and we tried a scoop of the lavender ice cream -- very subtle hint of lavender. After dinner we sat at the bar for a glass of wine, and as always, I love the bartenders there. Great place that we will be back to!Excellent pork chop. The best I've had in ages. The seafood had extraordinary flavor and the cocktail menu was excellent. As an aside, maybe my favorite rolls ever. Highly recommended.Came here for a special dinner date and this place was excellent. A very helpful staff topped off our dining experience here. A small menu of some rather exquisite eats made the whole dinner great. This is a small place in the uptown area so it was away from downtown traffic. I recommend getting a reservation because this place fills fast.Well balanced, full flavored dishes with top notch ingredients. 
Their duck was excellent and was perfectly balanced with a southern pecan sauce.  Their pork chop is made from a premium breed, cold smoked then grilled.  It was one of the most delicious cuts of meat I have ever had!
Service was friendly, quick and unassuming.Second visit to this popular Uptown hot spot. Charbroiled oysters were OK,but were very small and not comparable to Dragos,and they had pieces of rock salt in them. The filet was done to my satisfaction but was served warm,not sizzling. Best course of then night was the bread pudding with praline sauce and roasted pecans. The "gulf" fish of the night was Striped Bass. Waiter was confused as to whether this was a salt water or fresh water fish.Great place! Good, high end comfort food! Excellent service, friendly/casual staff. I really enjoyed All staff and engaged congenially! One of those places ya wanna grow in. Up, down, sideways...Just experiment in Nola srrwndngs!!!Overall the food was pretty good. We went for happy hour and dinner, which was nice because we were able to take advantage of the cheap happy hour appetizers. The shrimp and grits were great, as were the pan-seared scallops. My wife loved her giant ribeye, which they cooked to perfection. I was very disappointed in the pork chop however, it was underseasoned and simply rubbery. Definitely not worth the money.
The bread pudding was delicious, which did make up for my poor entree. In addition, all the servers were extremely nice and helpful. I accidentally left my credit card behind and they quickly called me to let me know. Someone was even waiting outside to hand me my card when I arrived.
Overall the food is good and the service is excellent. Just avoid the pork!Thank you Ned for your amazing hospitality for me and a party of 9, you are awesome! We enjoyed the mimosas and the food. When we stop by New Orleans we will be sure to visit again.The food and libations were delicious. Fried chicken with waffles was my order. Crispy and hot and delicious. Elegant look inside and smiling friendly wait staff.What a gem! I discovered the place on vacation with girlfriends. The drinks were amazing and the food was just as good. Highly recommend! It was one of my favorite meals while in New Orleans. The place isn't huge so I'd make a reservation.I'm all about this place for brunch and happy hour.  Bottomless mimosas, amazing service and delicious food.  I love that they don't rush you, even if you're bleeding them dry of champagne :-).  Excellent fancy twist on chicken and waffles for brunch.My dinner here beautifully capped off a long day of partying. After a a fairly long work related luncheon, I decided to ditch the work scene and asked a friend to join me for cocktails and then dinner. We went first to St. Joe's, a bar I had been hankering to go to. I really liked it. We arrived at about 6, and it was not crowded. We sat at the table in the front window, chilled over cocktails, and discussed the day's events. Great ambiance, great bartender too. Next to dinner. My friend suggested Apolline since she had been there when it was Dominique's and loved it. What a great decision. I really liked the place, an old uptown house converted to a restaurant, very charming and cozy. The food choices were easy since my dining companion and I both love scallops and duck confit. The scallops are seared and served over a corn and shrimp maque choux. C'etait parfait! The duck confit was served alongside mustard green ravioli with andouille relish and au jus. It was an excellent dish except for one thing -- it was not served au jus but no jus, or rather very little jus. It didn't kill the dish but the jus would have brought the individual components together.  It also has a  well thought out and interesting by the glass wine list. You can't go wrong here.Scallop was great and cooked perfectly. Shrimp was awesome. Duck was good but perhaps overcooked. I kind of had a bad cold when I went so I'm gonna refrain from saying more, but both times I have gone to Apolline it has been wonderful.The scallop dish and the hootie tootie pie were excellent. If you order the scallop dish make sure you don't forget about the bacon "plank" at the bottom.Lovely meal this evening.  Service was attentive but not overbearing.  Everything we had was great.  The Spanish wine was excellent.  Recommended.I would give zero stars if I could.  But apparently I don't have free speech so I can not say why.Wonderful restaurant. We live close by and go often. The food is excellent and very consistent. I have never has a meal that was anything other than very good. 
Very pretty in a converted small double house. It is intimate and nicely laid out with good space between tables. The service has always been very good. I recommend it highly.Very quaint and romantic spot for a nice intimate date. The food is excellent recommend getting a side to go with the dish for a more filling meal. The bread pudding dessert is delicious the staff is also very nice and well informed.The scallops are really good. That's the reason I came back to this restaurant. But the shrimps and grits is not good at all. On top of that, they don't give out complimentary dessert for the birthday girl. Thank goodness I went to Galatoire's for lunch and they give me complimentary flan for my birthday so I'm not so upset.The food was delicious, and everything was cooked just right. Really great yummy cocktails.I really really really wanted to like this place. I came here for Valentine's dinner with my boyfriend and was so BUMMED because I thought it would be a great place to eat and I was excited to get a table!
Started off we got there for our 9'oclock reservation. We entered the front door and were told our table was not ready but would be "in a minute". The hostess was extremely unprofessional and mumbled so softly we could barely hear her. She didn't make an effort to show us to the bar or anything and we were left lost and confused what to do.
We then made it to the bar to see that it was slammed. We scrounged some drink menus and were looking over the cocktail list and talking. We kept trying to make eye contact with the bartender who obviously saw us several times but was too busy making the same drink for literally 7-8 minutes... I understand craft cocktails but know he could have been moving faster. Our first verbal recognition from him was astounding... "I would take you're order but as you can see I am getting my a** handed to me and don't want to lie to you and say I can make you a drink" more or less and he actually used the word a** WHAT?! unbelievable.
Our table was then ready and we were excited to enjoy the food... but that was a bummer overall too. We did a prie-fix which started with fish carpaccio, then an Italian wedding soup, then a roast chicken dish, then dessert. The carpaccio was good but did not go with the holuma cheese at all and was disjointed. The soup was 4 little meatballs and a bland broth and was completely uninspired and unsatisfying... not to mention cold. The chicken was the best dish of the day, but again, nothing to note. It had a nice crispy skin though. Then dessert came.... a chocolate cake with house made ice cream. We had mentioned to the waiter several times that my boyfriend was lactose intolerant and could have cheese but not milk. THE DESSERT STILL CAME WITH ICE CREAM when we had specifically mentioned that he could not have it and he had said he would sub sorbet... ugh.
The experience was awful. While we still had a good night enjoying each other's company, Apolline definitely left us both feeling unsatisfied, ripped off, and disregarded. Will NOT be coming back.The food was great. But we were seated only to watch two other tables sat and served by the same server. He never approached us nor checked on us. We were in between all of his other tables but kept skipping over us. It wasn't until another young man came over to check on us. The only reason I gave this visit two stars is due to the poor service by the server who worked around our table. We inquired who was out actual server and it was the gentleman that kept skipping over us. Not sure if my family will be coming back to this restaurant after this visit as it was embarrassing to be ignored and others noticing as well.Hit up Apolline for brunch today... its jut their second day serving brunch and it was awesome! We had the chicken and french toast, which was very good, and the fried oysters and goat cheese crepe, which was SPECTACULAR. As always, the chef was out and about talking to guests and personally delivering some of the dishes. 
BOTTOM LINE: A great place for dinner, now also an excellent stop for brunch. We'll definitely be back.Great - very nice atmosphere, great service, excellent food.  
Diverse menu. Scallops were fabulous and Lamb was perfect. The baked oysters as an appetizer was perfectly executed.
Gets 5 stars !I came here for a double birthday brunch, mine and my lady's. 
The interior was surprisingly much larger than i had expected and I really liked the decor and clean lines of everything.
The menu was a bit of a hit and miss.  The main entree items were an exact combination of breakfast and lunch - not a hybrid, whereas the usual breakfast fare were listed as a la carte items.  So you could on one hand just have breakfast items by just ordering a la carte, which is what we ended up doing, but you couldn't quite order just lunch items. The prices started on the higher side, especially when you're just considering some brunch.
So what food did we order?   Beignets, Pomme Frites, Cinnamon & Pecan Bacon, Andouille & Potato Hash, Biscuits & Sausage Gravy, and Fresh Fruit.
Yes, although the table next to us had more people, we definitely had more food (food fatties), and had to improvise as to how to fit all the plates, glasses, and cups on one two seater table. 
The food was all very excellent.  Pomme Frites were yum!  The Beignets reminded me more of Chinese Donuts for taste and texture, the Bacon was deadly and heart attack producing, yummy potatoes, and seasonal fruit was fresh!  Biscuits and Sausage gravy were slightly disappointing only because it was on the salty side.  Everything else was perfect, and A+ for presentation.
The service was very good, our waiter was on top of everything, making sure our waters were full, our teas were full, our cappuccino was hot, and that we were enjoying our food... But then again, I would hope that we would receive this quality of service since there was only 1 other table seated during our time there.
Overall, yes I would go back, it was good.  However, I hope they change up their menu a bit.I have  been here for brunch a few times, and have only had positive experiences. Their mimosas are absolutely delicious. The waiters are always very nice, and they are very knowledgeable about their menu. The brunch menu is limited, but you can't go wrong with anything.We were visiting NOLA on vacation and found this gem. We went for brunch. Everything we ordered was delicious. I am including with this review pics of the Deluxe Bloody Mary (didn't need another) and our food chicken and waffles, potato hash, and pork burritos. The portions were perfect. Service was excellent. We will be back!This place was recommended by Surreys due to their long wait. They seated us immediately but we finally didn't get a waiter until 10 minutes later. We finally ordered our food and almost more than 45 minutes later they finally brought it out. Portions are small, super overpriced. The actual place was really nice and well cleaned. It was so loud I couldn't even hear the person next to me. The worst part of all was the absolute horrendous smell as soon as you walk into the hallways where the bathroom is. When you actually went into the bathroom the smell is so bad I had to keep my shirt over my face just to keep me from gagging. Needless to say, definitely should've waited for Surreys.BRUNCH REVIEW - When I tell you this is my place, I mean this is my fucking place.  Bottomless mimosas?  Yes. Bottomless bloodies?  Yes.  Switch between the two if you get sick of the other?  Yes. So lets get into the deets you silly little yelpers you.  I'm a mimosa guy... so when I tell you this, I want you to take note.  This might be the only place in New Orleans that when they put "bottomless" on the menu, they mean it, damnit.  I go quite often and I haven't seen the bottom of my glass yet, and I don't fucking intend to either.   If your little tummy is rumbling right when you walk in and you want a starter, then go for the tomato bisque w/ goat cheese.  Yes, goat cheese is delicious and even in soup at brunch. The beelers bacon is the normal praline bacon, but always a superb delicacy. For mains, the duck bowl is my go to, but don't surpass the pork enchiladas about 5 items down on the menu. Stop here and have a mimosa if you haven't yet... Thanks. If those two didn't sound like your thing, don't give up on the eggs Apolline and the shrimp n' grits don't disappoint. Oh, and if your feeling like a little bitch, I've had the avocado toast too and it satisfies. Encore. I haven't had desert yet so signal your waiter to fill up your glass. I tend to stay a good two to three hours until i'm sufficiently drunk enough to walk out the door. And speaking of walking out the door, they make you leave with a to-go drink. TDY APPROVED.Apolline was a fancy yet laid back restaurant. The wait staff was great and the food was uniquely delicious. Definitely pricey but worth a visit.I came here for the bottomless mimosas but ended up failing at that . But the FOOD though. First of all this place is so cute . It's a house that they turned into a restaurant . I came here for brunch when I was in town and yet again I am so impressed with Nola brunch places ! The server we had first of all was the sweetest and most accommodating . She even offered to give me to go coffee when we were done with our meal .  She managed to convince us to get the bacon appetizer which we didn't regret . My husband and I dipped it in our coffee and oh my! I never thought bacon and coffee would go together so well ! 
My shrimp and grits was the bomb . It was just perfect . I can say this place has probably put itself on my list of best Nola brunch spots . I can't wait to go back ! I'll be ready to do bottomless mimosas !We had a group of 8 and were there to celebrate a new bride for brunch. We ordered several things, as everything looked so tempting. A few of our favorite items were the Cinnamon Bacon, sausage gravy and biscuits, shrimp and grits, cheese grits, Belgium waffle and of course the bottomless Mimosas. Our server was Jess and did a fantastic job. None of us had been here before and all look forward to going back again soon. The only thing we were a little confused by was that even when half of our party was there they wouldn't seat us. The restaurant only had 3 tables occupied but we were able to order a drink at the bar. I look forward to my next visit :)Went here for Happy Hour, amazing.  Half price beer and wines.  Great specialty cocktails.  Different plates for $2,$4,$6.  The sea scallop was perfect. Pomme frites also hit the spot.  Sat at the bar and conversed with the bartender who was great.  Met the owner and his mom, seemed like a great place surrounded by great people.  Can't want to go back again and try more!Magnificent food, excellent ambience, great wine and drink list...this place is romance, completely. The appetizers are amazing and the entrees are diverse and delicious. This is not the cheapest choice in town, but it offers full value for what you pay. You will not be disappointed.I've been here half a dozen times for brunch and it never disappoints. Pretty building with a giant hibiscus growing right next to the front porch. I took my parents here this past Saturday, and they loved it. The wait staff and bartender were attentive and pleasant. We had the candied bacon, avocado toast, and pork enchiladas to name a few. It was all delicious, thank you Keith and Appolline!Oh boy. Where to begin. Great service, bottomless mimosas, sugared bacon....!?!!
Shrimp and grits were solid, omelette with crawfish too, and gravy on biscuits wasn't the best ever, but satisfactory. Plus, this place is in a beautiful section of magazine. I will refer friends. Yum!Such a cute lil place snuggled on magazine street. Small plate happy hour menu was great. Delicious scallop dish and the pear salad with this warm sweet bread was so good. Check out Craig the bartender if you goTheir are a few times in life when taking a stab at a groupon for food in a city you are visiting pays off. Let's face it, groupon is not always a hit. The staff were amazing and did not mind that we added on to our groupon with duck balls (amazing with tomato chutney, perfect pairing)
We came and had the roasted gulf fish and beelers Pork chop with brioche bread pudding paired with a Churchill cocktail. 
Everything was mouth watering, fresh, tender allowing the flavors to melt in your mouth. 
You must do reservations and this is not a kid place, ambience is relaxing, and intimate so please don't be offended when I say do not bring your lil one.This was my 2nd visit to Apolline for brunch, but unfortunately not as good as my first. I went with my mother and sister who really enjoyed the eggs apolline and flowing mimosas. I went with the chicken and waffle which I had tried on my first visit, but was let down. The chicken had way to much batter and once I got to the actual chicken it did not look appetizing at all. On the other hand the waffle was great and held me over. Service was great and our server stayed on top of the mimosas and coffee. I would also like to point out that they really need to dust the ceiling fans especially if they are going to turn them on while people are dining.I can not recommend a better brunch restaurant. The service was spectacular and the food was even better. I highly recommend each and every item listed below. 
Order: 
Deluxe Bloody Mary 
Bottomless mimosa 
Bottomless Bloody Mary
Cinnamon pecan bacon 
Eggs apollline
Confit duck bowl 
Chicken thigh & waffles
Shrimp and gritsThis place is a must absolutely must come to an end I've been in New Orleans for three days now and have not had a meal like that hands-down absolutely amazing the bartenders and waitresses are wonderfulHad a wonderful "good-bye sendoff" luncheon with some ladies from work.  The shrimp and grits were fabulous, and though I'm not usually a fan of cold soups the chilled corn soup was a delight!  All dining companions were equally impressed with the fare, ranging from watermelon salad to Eggs Apolline and cinnamon bacon.  This is definitely a treasured place and I will be happy to return when I visit New Orleans in the future!Delicious food but it's really hard to get a table. The staff seemed slammed when we went in and we felt very much ignored for the first ten minutes after we walked in.This "New Southern" restaurant, tucked a bit off the usual tourist haunts, is one of the best restaurants of it's kind. The dining room is intimate (basically a pretty and beautifully converted double shotgun house), the service friendly and quick, and the food is fantastic.
Not only that, but we had a companion that is pescatarian (only eats fish, although she also does dairy and eggs) -- and while most of even the fish dishes had items like bacon, they were very accommodating. For example, our friend had seared bay scallops on a bacon plank. We asked for the bacon plank on the side (because hey, I wanted that bacon!) and they were completely cool with it. The waitress said, and I quote: "everything is made to order when you order it, so it's no problem if you have special requirements". How many times do you hear that in a restaurant?
I also noticed that a large group who entered and wanted to eat outside were accommodated with the staff specially setting up a table for them.
The scallops were great. The bacon was also great. I know this is not surprising as it is bacon, after all. But this was impressively not overly salty. I feel restaurants are often too heavy on salt as a way of "boosting" the flavor. Not so at Apolline -- they use it sparingly and yet everything was popping with flavor.
My pecan wood smoked pork chop on smashed potatoes was moist, smoky and redolent of pecans. I'm not even someone who's heavily into pork chops, and I picked it clean.
My wife stuck with the arugula salad with heirloom tomatoes. It was very nice. We all shared a shrimp and grits appetizer, and while I've had this quite a few places, this is among the top of the heap.
In short (albeit too late for that!), Apolline is a great place with friendly people and fantastic food. I really feel it deserves community -- and visitor -- support.Very nice location and atmosphere. We ordered eggs Appoline, the restaurants signature dish for brunch and they didn't have biscuits. We were told the biscuits had burned and it would be 30 minutes. They substituted with waffle which was fine, but is this a reflection of the restaurants organization? Also, they have bottomless Mimosas and Bloody Mary's, we could have really indulged waiting for those biscuits to be ready, but we weren't drinking that day. We ordered iced tea and it had a metallic taste, because it was leftover from the day before. This level of dining we expect e everything to be fresh. We asked for coffee to replace the tea until they made new tea. We were charged for both. UnprofessionalAmazing brunch here. Order the sausage and biscuits if you do nothing else--in fact order 2. 
Went with a group of 9 and it was great, service, food, location--all great.Fantastic spot for brunch.  We stopped in on a Saturday right smack dab in parade time and we had a fantastic time. We had a party of 8 and only had a 15 minute wait. It's a quaint restaurant with a nice clean, decor. It did get surprisingly loud in there for the amount of people but it wasn't a deafening volume where we couldn't here our party.  
The bottomless mimosas and bloody Mary's are amazing. They aren't stingy at all and will fill your cup up to the top. Plus they give you to go cups (multiples). They made me a bloody to go and I just regret not having two made and starting drinking while we were waiting. Perfect amount of spicy (it's spicy) but so good and you can switch between the bloody Mary's and mimosas.
Our server was super friendly and constantly checking in on us and refilling our drinks. Honestly the best waitress we had our entire trip. The chicken and waffles were delicious looking. A huge piece of chicken on a huge full sized waffle. My husband and three of the other guys also got it and were all super satisfied. The country breakfast was pretty great. Not something to write home about but it was good. Overall a great brunch place!Using Yelp to its fullest, a friend found Apolline as a solidly recommended brunch spot, offering up bottomless mimosas for $12.  That was music to our ears, and we grabbed a cab over to indulge.
We were worried about having to wait for a table, and couldn't make a reservation in advance, but thankfully, we arrived just before noon, and there were plenty of empty tables.  The Apolline staff advised they were debuting a new brunch menu that weekend, so we were excited to be guinea pigs of sorts.
With drinks decided before we walked in the door, it really came down to what to order for brunch.  In our party of four, 2 of us opted for the shrimp-and-grits, and 2 for the traditional country breakfast.  We were all pleased with our meals, and really enjoyed that mimosa after mimosa were brought out to us without too much prodding on our part!
Service was pretty attentive, and the drinks kept flowing.  The prices were very reasonable, and we all enjoyed a very leisurely Saturday brunch.  Apolline was definitely a fantastic find on our NOLA adventure!Very nice place.  The lunch was very good.  My guest and I shared everything.   We ordered the Avocado Toast for an appetizer. The we shared their version of eggs benedict -- EGGS APOLLINE.  Wonderful is the perfect word.  Nicely creative without being too foo-foo is another way to describe this place.   The kitchen nicely divided this order into two smaller plates making sharing very easy.  We also had the smoked Pork Tacos.  And, as an extra plus, the Bartender / Manager made the perfect Old Fashions.   Not too sweet, just right.  What I didn't understand is why the place was not packed for lunch?Awesome, uptown spot with superior food and service if your looking for a break from the quarter. Highly recommend the bread pudding and that's saying a lot from a guy who doesn't usually order  desert. Sublime pork chop and a martini, who needs more?Preface: I love brunch. And this is my favorite NOLA spot for brunch! While I've likely eaten everything on their brunch menu, my favorite thing is Eggs Apolline without the waffle and adding country potatoes. 
Other things you should not miss: Biscuits and gravy and bottom-less mimosas!
Tip: There are no reservations for brunch and Sundays can get a little busy, so I prefer Saturdays.Came here for brunch to celebrate my sister getting married. Customer service and food was fantastic. ALL YOU CAM DRINK MIMOSAS!! Our server Nakai was SOOOOOO sweet and attentive!! DEFINITELY ask for her!!! Will definitely come back next time I visit New Orleans!!!!It's really the bread pudding that bumped a 3 star meal to a 5 star experience!  This is coming from ppl who are on a culinary tour of NOLA that included the commander's palace bread pudding souffle (which can not even compete with apolline's bread pudding. )They have a nice happy hour with decent drink prices and specials on some tiny snack plates that take a several orders to fill me up and are so small they aren't really good for sharing.  The food here is consistently good but I've never had anything that really knocked my socks off.  They have a nice brunch and the $8 bottomless mimosas are one of the better brunch values in town.  It is a fine dining environment but the new fangled casual fad has certainly taken over and, as they don't seem to have much of a dress code, you will find people wearing a wide range of clothing that wouldn't have been acceptable in such a restaurant just a short time ago in New Orleans.  Overall this is a reliable choice for a good meal in a nice environment with attentive service along with the bonus of offering some good specials and values.ate here for my birthday, and WOW. cant wait to come back. not only was the service amazing, the wine selection wonderful, and the food absolutley to die for, we actually met the owner and he gave us free glasses of champagne! 
we split a cheese plate and beef carpaccio and a nice bottle of merlot to start, then my boyfriend has the steak and i had the buttermilk fried quail. i honestly cant find a single bad thing to say about this place, and i cant wait to go back!!!!Always amazing. The service staff is attentive and the food is always great! We love that we never have to worry about food quality and feel so well taken care of when we leave. Apolline is the best!Happy hour was empty, $2 mimosas using natural oj, not from concentrate in a gallon. Beers range from 2.50 to 4, which currently includes the $4 Old Rasputin, a solid beer. Negatives are these beers are bottled, not draft. Bartender is also a bit insecure, therefore sensitive, but she tries and worked hard the whole time there.Yes yes yes! What a fantastic brunch they pull off on the weekends. Really nice atmosphere, classy and a great menuMy husband and I went to Apolline on Friday night and had a lovely experience. The food was good, even excellent at times, and the service was friendly. Even though I like this restaurant, for some reason I don't think it is at the same level as some of my other NoLa favorites for the same price. 
Food - Good to excellent. To start I had the carpaccio and my husband the sweetbreads. He loved his sweetbreads - I'm not a fan generally, so I can't comment. I had the carpaccio, and while it was good, there were big chunks of fat in there that I did not enjoy. Typcially, the fat in carpaccio is more marbled and thereby digestable. For entrees, I had the scallops, which were perfect. Some of the best scallops I've ever had. My husband had the pork chop, which he really liked. The wine list was nice, with a good selection in terms of varietal and price. 
Ambiance - For some reason I did not love the ambiance. I can't quite put my finger on why - it just seemed a little cold and empty. 
Service - Very nice waitor. Can't complain here. 
All in all I enjoyed Apolline. But, it is pricey and I have many choices of places to go when I want to spend $100 + on a meal. I just don't know if this will be at the top of my list.I've only ever had brunch here, twice, but both times I enjoyed it very much.  Menu is small but the food is really good, and they have bottomless mimosas which is always a bonus!  They also have an incredible Bloody Mary that has a bacon wrapped shrimp on top.  The place is beautiful, very clean and bright, I will hopefully make it here for dinner soon!Apolline has a wonderful ambience - it's located in an old house that has been renovated.  They painted it a light color so it is open and airy but still has brick columns interspersed in the room so you feel there are intimate nooks in the spacious room. We had the shrimp and grits ( a bit too rich for my taste) and crabmeat Mac and cheese - delicious! We had the pork chop which was very flavorful and the brioche bread pudding for dessert - very good! The menu was somewhat small and didn't have a lot of options.Not bad for a sunday brunch wait time 20-30 mins
Shrimp and grits is the bomb...
Be ready to eat if u get the enchilada...
Tomato and goat cheese is happening... great food great serviceHappy Hour:
1/2 priced beer, wine & well drinks
$2, $4, $6 dollar small plates
Didn't try the food and no beer on tap. Outdoor seating is great for a nice dayGreat food and very nice environment! Went with a party of 12 and we were very well served. Every single one of us loved the place. Highly recommend!After a previously wonderful visit to Apolline, a friend and I decided to stop in for a drink and an appetizer before heading out to dinner.  
We were thrilled to see that Apolline offers happy hour on Saturdays!  I love restaurants that offer this and he the only other ones that I know of in the city are John Besh restaurants.  Apolline's happy hour is every Tuesday-Saturday, 5-7 pm and offers 1/2 price beer, wine, and well drinks, as well as small plates for $2, $4, and $6.
My friend had a glass of Prosecco and I had a glass of Trivento Malbec.  Both were delicious and reasonably priced at $5 a glass.  
We both ordered the small plate of Seared Diver Scallop with a Grilled Gulf Shrimp over Corn Maque Choux for $6. It was absolutely delish.  I had ordered this as my entrée on my last visit to Apolline, so I was already in love with it.  Several other tasty small plates are offered for reasonable prices during happy hour, but we only had the scallops since we were having dinner elsewhere.
I really enjoy the atmosphere at Apolline too.  It's quaint and warm and beautiful.  I would say it's perfect for a family dinner, or a date, or dinner and drinks out with the girls.
Our waitress was attentive and provided great service.  She was the same waitress I had on my last visit.  It was nice to see a restaurant holding onto its staff!
On a board outside on the sidewalk they were advertising bottomless mimosas for $8 for brunch!  I'm a big fan of bottomless mimosas with brunch and it's hard to find in New Orleans.  I can't wait to visit for brunch.We came for brunch because the line at Surrey's was unconscionable. The service was friendly and personable, but the food was average. There was nothing wrong with it, it just wasn't especially good or interesting. The bread on which the BLT was served was soft and sweet and hands-down the best part of the meal. It's the only thing I'd go out of my way to eat again. If somehow you're compelled to go here (there's a party and you're not picking the place, for example), it's perfectly okay, but if you have a choice, there are many more places, even within a ten-block radius, that are better.What a great place! The quaint dining experience was nothing short of phenomenal. The service was extraordinary and the food was the epitome of the phrase "food porn". It made me sad that this restaurant wasn't packed full! 
If you do the Groupon, make sure you book your reservation. It helps them out. My parents didn't book and they still honored it, but it just makes it easier on the manager if you follow the procedure. 
Try the scallops- the bacon hidden underneath is an unexpected treat! And we tried ALL the desserts- brioche bread pudding has my heart. :)Where is the 10 star button? Five stars will not do this place any justice. Chef Micheal did an amazing job showcasing his talent. Dinner started off with drinks and I ordered the pomegranate lemonade which was absolutely delightful and refreshing. It totally got me geared up for the appetizer. Steamed PEI mussels and beef carpaccio  and for our entrees Cioppino with Shrimp, clams, mussels in a sherry broth (my favorite dish of the night) and braised bone in short rib. For desert white peach &a elderflower sorbet, chocolate pots de creek and orange dream tart (best part of desert) Everything was phenomenal. The flavors were carefully thought out and complemented each other. Hands down the best dining experience I have ever had. Rachel and Jessie were superb. Excellent service and warm atmosphere. Loved loved loved everything. I will definitely be back for brunch.My husband and I came in for Sunday brunch and cannot wait to go back.
The food was delicious and prepared perfectly.  
The bottomless bloody mary was the star of our experience and the very best we have ever had.  Our meal was quite pricey but we are fine with a splurge occasionally.Awesome meal especially after disappointing experience at dijon's earlier. They sat us without reservation and we enjoyed salads (watermelon/feta an wedge) and appetizers as our main course (chilled corn soup and shrimp and grits). We had the blueberry tart which I would say was just ok. Everything else was delicious. Just a few blocks from my house. Definitely will be back. Service was great!First, let me say that the food was incredible. 
My husband had the oysters and the baked brie, and I had the macaroni and cheese. He had the bread pudding, and I had the peanut butter mousse. Everything was fantastic.
Our waitress, however, was really unprofessional.
I've worked in the service industry here in NOLA for over 20 years, both as a server and a bartender. I know the difference between a server who got slammed, and one who just isn't paying attention.
Considering our reservation was at 6 and we were the only people in the restaurant, it's really clear that in this case, she just didn't care.
She took our order, and everything was fine until the apps. 
We were both drinking cokes, and the only time she offered a refill was when our glasses were almost full. After the apps were delivered, she vanished entirely, and we were left alone in the dining room with only the hostess.
After we finished our apps, it was almost 20 minutes before we were able to order desserts. 
After ordering, we went outside for a cigarette. While we were gone, she took our used napkins and draped them over the backs of our chairs, so when we sat down, there was food residue on the chair backs.
From the time we ordered desserts, we were able to go outside and smoke for ten minutes or so, then come back in and sit for another ten minutes or so before she came back and asked us how we'd liked our desserts. But we hadn't even received them.
She brought out the desserts fairly soon after that, then disappeared again.
While we ate dessert, which was fabulous, the dining room filled up.
The next time we saw our waitress was about ten minutes after we'd finished dessert. She was chatting happily with a well dressed older couple at a table next to us, without even looking at us. Then, she went and took drink orders at two other tables, leisurely explained all the specials and chatted with them for a while, went back to chatting with the older couple, then took drinks to the other tables. 
At no point did she check in with us.
We waited another ten minutes without beverages, being asked if we wanted anything else, or being offered the check.
Finally, I just took out my credit card and held it up in the air. That got her attention. She took the card, without speaking. 
We waited another ten minutes before she remembered to bring me the credit card receipt to sign, all while she chatted with the same older couple as before.
Despite coming in at 6, when the restaurant was empty, we did not get home until nearly 8:30.
She could have turned our table three times at least, once things got busy, so it wasn't just losing so much time, it was the restaurant losing money.
Our bill came to $82 and change, and I tipped her $12.
Normally, I tip between 20% and 40%.
Honestly, the service we received deserved no tip at all, but there's no way I'd stiff even the worst waitress.
My husband and I eat out 2 or 3 times a week, and he writes for a food blog.
I've heard such great things about your food, we were really looking forward to a special experience. The food definitely lived up to that, but the terrible service ruined the whole night.
I've been looking at the recent reviews of your restaurant online, and I've seen quite a few examples that match our experience...fantastic food, lousy service.
It's a shame that your amazing kitchen crew is being let down by front of house.Apolline is a small intimate little place uptown on Magazine St. 
The house cabernet was wonderful. The heirloom tomato salad was fabulous - maybe the best single dish of the evening. The lamb osso buccu (sorry about the spelling) over linguine literally fell off the bone - I wanted to lick the plate it was so delicious. The dessert was a chocolate/caramel/peanut pie sufficient for us to split (we're on a diet, ya know).
The service was perfect - not hovering but certainly attentive and knowledgeable. The atmosphere was quiet enough for conversation but very traditional classy New Orleans. Not too pricey but not cheap either - a good value if you're looking for a bit of class but not wanting 5 stars pricing.
We'll definitely return. You can't go wrong here.The charbroiled oysters are amazing...along with the crab Mac n Cheese. They ran out of Shrimp and Grits but I'm sure those would have been awesome too. I think the oysters may be the best in the city.  Like, better than Acme and Dragos...  this restaurant is a gem!! Well worth every dime!! Also try the Pepper Crusted Beef Carpaccio salad...absolutely fantastic!Nakai was fabulous! She made our meal. The food was good, but the service was great! She truly was awesome. Ask for her!We live Uptown and like to try some of the smaller, more "local" restaurants and were all very impressed with Apolline. The drinks were good, the food was good and my sister really appreciated the healthy options menu.Surprised us with a great one page menu, awesome drinks, and the perfect size brunch.  If you are on magazine street and you want a treat, you will not be disappointed.A good friend of mine, R, was in town and we were looking for a brunch spot. Another friend who was recently here told me that brunch at Surrey's was awesome, so I thought we would try. Well, we got there and there were people waiting for tables, which was fine, but the lady who was seating people was rude. Instead of telling us how long of a wait it would be or whatever, she said, "I'll be right with you," and went about seating three groups of people while I stood waiting for her. Then when R asked her how long, she told him to wait in that voice when one is clearly annoyed and is doing a poor job hiding the annoyance. Maybe she was just stressed out because people were waiting, but sometimes that's how brunch restaurants work. She clearly didn't understand how to work in the service industry. R and I didn't want to deal with her and decided to see if we could go somewhere else.
I looked around and saw the sign for Apolline. This is a sign I see often as my band performs at Le Bon Temps Roule, and I had recently bought a Living Social Deal for dinner after reading the reviews, so I figured we could walk over and see if it's any less busy over there.
There were a lot fewer people here. Not sure if the word isn't out yet or what, but I wasn't about to complain. I expected good food there and if that came without as much of a wait, that was even better.
We were told that we could sit anywhere we'd like and we were presented with water and menus as soon as we sat down. R got orange juice and I got mimosa to drink. Then I took a quick look at the reviews again to see what people absolutely loved. It was clear what I should order. The Crispy Confit Chicken and French Toast. I have been craving Roscoe's for a minute and I decided to try this chef's take on chicken and waffles. R just really wanted grits because he doesn't have as many opportunities to order grits at restaurants in Portland, so he ordered grits and scrambled eggs.
Our food came out and I was so very excited. My chicken and french toast looked and smelled like heaven. I did not waste any time. It was an interesting way to experience the flavors in chicken and waffles. And I'm not saying interesting here to be polite about not liking it. I really liked it and it was refreshing. And I felt like I was being healthier than with fried chicken. I absolutely enjoyed this experience and I am sure I will return. Not sure if I'll get to try something else, because I think I'm going to want the chicken and french toast again. As for R, he didn't say much and when I asked how his food was, he said, "well, my plate is clean!" 
Our server was great and most definitely much better for our brunch outing than the rude lady at Surrey's.A must try..put it on your list!!
Found this lovely place for brunch..the food was delicious, nice atmosphere, and wonderful service! Thank you, Jessica for efficient, kind, personable service!Food, excellent! Service, outstanding! All you can drink mimosas, best in the city.  The chicken and waffles were the best I've had as well as the enchiladas. Our waitress was also friendly and very attentive. Our champagne glasses were never empty. Can't wait to return to try their dinner options.Review based on first trip to Apolline for Father's Day brunch. Arrived on time for 1:30 pm reservation, but had to wait about 10 minutes as place was very busy. There is a small front porch on which to wait in addition to the bar area. The wait staff was very friendly and accommodating. The quality of the food, once it arrived at the table, was superior. Only service complaint is the time between placing of order and food being served - which was approximately 40 minutes. We arrived at the end of the brunch session so were one of the last groups of diners seated. Given that kitchen rush was over, preparation time seemed excessive for brunch items. Still, we liked Apolline enough to want to try it again for other meals.What a great experience!! I moved in the neighborhood about a year ago and have passed this restaurant many times. Decided to finally give it a shot, as I heard it was a nice elegant date spot. If could kick myself in the rear end I would, for not trying this place sooner. Apolline absolutely exceeded every  expectation I could've had. From the great food, to the excellent service, and the thoughtful management for sending us 2 complimentary glasses of champagne, because my wife and I were celebrating our anniversary. One word: Impressive. This place doesn't get the hype as a few of the other places in the neighborhood, but it should. You've won us over.Terribly unorganized and slow. Waited for over 30 minutes to be seated when there were 10 or so tables open because, according to the host, "the kitchen is too slow". There were about 15 people waiting outside in the heat when the least the staff could do is seat them and explain the problem to them to keep them out of the heat and seated.
HOWEVER, the food was wonderful once we finally got it. I got the shrimp and grits and an iced coffee. It was all delicious. They just need to get their act together.Food was really well seasoned.  I would diffidently come back.A little loud at brunch but the food was delicious. I would not go if you want to have a in depth conversationI had a delightful late night dinner here. Our reservation was at 9:00 and even though they closed at 9:30, we never felt rushed. The server was polite and friendly. The food was delicious. I got the pork chop with grits instead of mashed potatoes. It was cooked well, and was a great portion. My fiancé got the drum fish, and his looked delicious but was definitely a smaller portion. We split the hootie pie a la mode for dessert. The pie was good, but the vanilla bean ice cream was even better! We came in because we had a groupon, but I would def come back again.If you're going for the full dinner experience, Apolline is a very good choice. If, however, you're just looking for cocktails and a few small bites (which you may be tempted to do at their attractive bar), you're better off going elsewhere. 
After enjoying their table at the Food and WIne Festival, I tried Apolline for the first time recently. The restaurant itself is very nice -- intimate with tasteful decor and fresh flowers on each table. We apparently chose a slower night, but I could see the place developing a nice little buzz from the crowded tables on weekends.
For the first part of our meal, I was actually not very impressed. I had the Moules Frites, which was good, but arrived as a very small portion for the price. I also tried the Apolline Cocktail -- their cocktail menu is inventive and very tasty-looking. The drink was fantastic, but also small. As I sat there, I couldn't help but think that I could've gotten a better value for the same meal at Maurepas -- and a more fun atmosphere to boot.
But then our entrees arrived, and entrees are where Apolline earns its stars. My date had the Caraway Crusted Pork Tenderloin, which he described as the best he's had in a long time. I had the Ponzo Glazed Salmon, which had the perfect touch of sweetness which is balanced by the parsnip puree on which it is plated. The only drawback were the shiitake mushrooms, which were a bit too chewy. But overall, we were both very satisfied. Paired with a half-bottle from their extensive wine menu, the entrees were delicious.
Apolline also has a fun-looking dessert menu, but this reviewer's thighs could stand to skip that course from time to time.
Bottom Line: It's a bit pricey, but Apolline is a great choice for a date or a nice dinner out. Great service, nice atmosphere, and (overall) good food.I had a Groupon for a meal for four people, so we took friends with us. Two of us had the scallops and shrimp, and two of us tried the pork chops. The pork chops were thick, smoky, and delicious, and they came with mashed potatoes and fried onions. The seafood was also excellent. We started the meal with the "dirty duck balls," which we all enjoyed. To finish, we shared the Hootie Tootie pie and the brioche bread pudding-- outstanding!Had brunch on the patio & it was delicious! The roasted veg omelette was outstanding.  High quality vegetables spilling out of the perfectly prepared eggs.  The avocado toast tasted good but I'd change the bread, too thick and a bit dry.  The mimosa (singular, not pitch) was sub par.  I'd return & just choose selectively.Best brunch around. Bottomless mimosas and bloody marys can be pricey but they keep em coming unlike most places with bottomless! I recommend the shrimp and grits or the crawfish omelette! Definite must-try for tourists!Came here with some friends over Halloween weekend. We were lucky enough to get a last minute reservation for a Saturday night and at the end of the evening, we could not have been happier about it. 
We arrived early, and when our table wasn't available at our reservation time the owner Keith came out to apologize to us (we were waiting in the lovely outdoor area), and offer us a bottle of wine to make our wait more comfortable. 
Once we were seated a little while later the service was was wonderful, and the food even more incredible. Everything we ate was absolutely delicious- and we all tried everything, so we can say that with certainty. 
I have been recommending Apolline to everyone I know that is heading to New Orleans, based on both the food and the wonderful staff. I am certainly hope we make it back this year.
Thank you for a wonderful evening!Just went back again. this time for brunch. Still love it. The service is so good with such friendly and personable servers. My former favorite server is now the manager and deservedly so. This place is always a pleasure. Don't forget to get the walnut manhattan and have the goat cheese mousse with honey pate de fruit, lavender creme anglaise, and pistachio powder for dessert. Unbelievably decadent and delicious.Adam is the best!! Awesome food, get the cinnamon pecan bacon and bottomless mimosa with your krewe for brunchThis was fantastic! I had the duck bowl and it was delicious! They keep your bottomless mimosa filled and you can take another cup with you!  Great staff w/ service too!Apolline is an adorable boutique restaurant with delicious food that is appealing to the eye and is run by a super hospitable staff! Ask for Blaine, his professionalism and attention to detail is impeccable!This is the absolute sliwest restaurant in New Orleans. Do not ever come here!!!!! Unless you want to wait 1 hour in non-peak time to eat decent, i would not recommend this place.Disappointing. Belgian waffle is like out of an American brand box and pricey for what it isExceptional service and phenomenal food!  We had the wedge salad, amazing! The chargrilled oysters, wow! And the drum and scallops both top tier! Hey he scallops in particular were amazingyum! I have been here for both brunch and dinner and the food both time  was delicious. The biscuits and gravy on the brunch menu were the best that I've had at a restaurant. It's been a long time since I've been there for dinner, but I remember the ragù appetizer and the scallops both being quite tasty. My fiancé and I plan on returning for another date night one day. It's the perfect place for a date night or a small group dinner. 
On a random note, the wall paper in the bathroom is very interesting and pretty.Giving this just a so-so rating, as in terms of expectations vs. hype the food was just not quite there. Welcome, seating, atmosphere and service were all solid (subject to below comment).
Positives: Old-Fashioned cocktail was excellent, french bread (Leidenheimer) was very good and served hot, as it should be, dessert was small but pretty OK, nice list of wines available in 1/2 bottle carafe size at $20 and up - a nice feature.
Negatives: tomato gazpacho size was huge but it was thicker and less subtle taste than expected (strange pinkish color). In the main shrimp and grits, the shrimp had that soft mushy texture that indicated it was not at all fresh. This is one of their featured entrees so even though it was last day of Coolinary it should have been.
I brought this latter point to the attention of my serveuse who said she'd relay it to the cook. I never got any further feedback and I think it would have been reasonable to hear something, maybe even a comped drink.
As mentioned atmosphere in this place is nice, it is definitely not touristy but a kind of cafeteria for a lot of local Society types who are on kissing basis.The fact that the Gambit mentioned Apolline as one of the cities best happy hours and the interesting cocktail offerings (they had not one, but TWO pine tree ones) was more than enough to bring me in to check it out for myself.
At first I was a little disappointed because, as it turns out, they recently switched bartenders and both of the pine-tree cocktails were phased out.  My disappointed was quickly replaced by new, unlisted offerings.  It's a rare and exciting day when I have a cocktail that tastes unique and delicious, so I was delighted to find that Amber appears to have created several.  The Cuzco Campfire, in particular, had an awesome blend of tart and smokey.  
The food was also delicious, the maque choux had a great flavor to it and the shrimp and grits were fantastic.  I think the only letdown was the fries, but that may have only been because by comparison, all the other offerings were top notch.
PROTIP: hang out at the bar and chat up Amber, she has about 1,000 stories and is a delight to chat with.What a terrible brunch experience, expensive and sooooo very slow. Over cooked eggs and a condescending waitress is a wonderful combination for a $100 brunch on a beautiful Sunday. Did I mention that the table next to us, who sat down after we ordered was finished and paid before we got our food?Apolline is an adorably quaint open space that is tastefully decorated with mirrors, artwork and little details that tie the room together. The bar is full service, which is convenient if the sit down part is busy- you can sit at the bar and enjoy some snacks and mimosas while you're waiting! The food itself is incredible. The chef makes breakfast foods exciting and gourmet. I had the chicken and waffles and it was to die for, the chicken is fried in duck fat for a full 4 hours and melts in your mouth while the waffle compliments the salty taste. My father had the eggs apolline, which was a creole take of eggs Benedict with spicy sausage, crawfish tails and just the right amount of seasoning. The wait staff is also one of the reasons why this restaurant is the best I've ever been to. They refill drinks when they see your levels are getting low, but they do not hover or rush. I spent about 1.5 hours eating and drinking and talking, and after my plate was taken away, I sat and talked and enjoyed the bottomless mimosas for an additional hour or two with no one asking me to wrap it up- everything is completely take your time and enjoy. The staff will not give you your check until you ask for it, which adds to the no rush vibe. I could not be happier with this restaurant- the interior is gorgeous, food unparalleled, and wait staff impeccable. Not to mention you can take your brunch cocktails to go in cups and continue shopping on magazine street with all the cute boutiques!Had an absolutely flawless dinner here last night. Chose this restaurant to celebrate our anniversary and was not disappointed. The staff is top notch and the food is amazing. Best charbroiled oysters I've ever had - and that brioche bread pudding is out of this world! Would highly recommend this spot for anyone as the menu is diverse and has a lot of great choices. Planning on coming back for their brunch in the near future. Oh! And their cocktails are also quite spectacular.This is a super quaint little restaurant that used to be a house.  We came here in Christmas Eve and had a fantastic dinner!  We ordered the Brussels sprouts, the baked Brie for appetizers and they were great! 
The pork chop was out of this world!! The steak special they had that night was awesome! We all really enjoyed everything including the service at Apolline.. would definitely go again!This is definitely a fancy place and I am not used to that for breakfast.  It was good but not great.
Started off with a ginormous cup of coffee and that was great.  (they dont do refills which is sacrilegious for coffee but at least it was big).  My date got a cocktail.  It was interesting but in my opinion poor choice in presentation.  It was some vodka/champagne thing served in a champagne glass.  Champagne glass implies soft but vodka aint soft.  
Got biscuits and gravy for app.  Sounds like a heavy app but their biscuits are light and so is their gravy.  Both are good but not my style for biscuits and gravy.  that being said it is a good app without filling you up too much.  (good to split)
I got the crawfish omelet.  I dont like omelets very much so not sure why i ordered it.  It was fine but not exciting.  It just tasted like eggs plus crawfish (had andouille too).  Didnt have all that much flavor but it was good.
Date got  the crispy chicken over french toast.  Chicken was litterally just chicken.  Not even cooked with salt.  Not very good.  The french toast was absolutely amazing though.  I dont know how to describe the bread but it was really really good and so was the butter that it came with.  This was easily the best part of the meal.  
The atmosphere was fancy but comfortable.  The service was great; the waiter was very good.  Weird music choice (something about "Sexual Healing" while eating breakfast that is weird; followed by "Thriller")
Not my new favorite place for breakfast but glad I went.Went for lunch, the BBQ shrimp and grits (done with goat cheese) were excellent.  Nice wine list, well matched with the menu.  Definitely returning for dinner!