They make their own pasta! (Yes, even the gluten free fusilli!)
Stopped in on a Tuesday for dinner after reading the good Yelp reviews. Honestly, it looks a little sketchy from the outside... Don't let that scare you away. Inside it's warm and inviting. It's an order-at-the-counter type place, so you order at the counter (with the help of the giant menu boards), and they bring everything (even drinks) to the table. They brought out our salads first, then our pasta, which I liked. Service was quick and friendly!
Now for the food... It was pretty good! They were doing 50% off Small Plates, so my boyfriend and I both started out with the Caesar Salad, which was honestly not great. (There's no Parmesan or pepper on it!) The crouton was really tasty though, and I added Parmesan at the table. Not bad for being $3, though I might have been annoyed if I had paid $6. As for pasta, both of us did Make-Your-Own. (It's what made me want to come here in the first place.) I ordered the Rigatoni w/ Grandma's Bolognese (+ Italian Sausage). My boyfriend, who is Celiac and therefore gluten-free, got the Gluten-Free Fusili w/ Puttanesca (+ Gulf Shrimp). Overall, we loved and were really impressed by the housemade pasta. Both of us thought the sauces were really flavorful too, though if I returned I'd probably choose something less traditional. Boyfriend really, really liked the gluten-free pasta. It is, amazingly, housemade as well! (We found this out because Boyfriend liked it so much he asked what brand it was and they said they make it in the back. Nice!)
Overall, this is a great casual place with tasty food. I also really like the flexibility of the Make-Your-Own Pasta option. Seems like it provides a little something for everyone. 
Bring everyone, especially your gluten-free friends! (Unless they like meatballs... The meatballs aren't gluten-free.)Gotta say, this was the best pasta I've had since our trip to Italy earlier this year.  Do not come here if you want upscale ambiance on a quiet safe New Orleans street.  Come if you want great quality food at a reasonable price.  Lots of take out orders and a few patrons sitting at tables.
Beer and wine on the menu. Bolognese was flavorful. Pesto was fresh and on point.  Pastas cooked perfectly. Meatballs had great texture but over spiced with fresh herbs (personal opinion, of course).
We will be back.  Thank you for a high quality meal.I found it hilarious that the first question asked by Yelp! When I checked in here was: 'Is this place hipster?', yes, yes it is. Three of us walked in and the place was moderately occupied, they were also gearing up to have a little band for some live music.
The hostess greeted us, asked if we had been before and gave us a brief 'how-to' with ordering. She seemed a bit flustered because according to her they were busy. I had to look around like, really? This is busy? There was a whole table free, not a single person at the bar, and probably 10 heads in the restaurant, total. 
Anyways, you place your order at the counter and it's brought to your table. I like sometimes paying for your meal first, especially when in groups. It cuts down on confusion when is time to pay a tab, plus I like being able to just get up and leave when you're done instead of having to wait to pay.
We had starters of the spicy meatballs (not spicy at all), they were pretty good. We also had the bruschetta which was also good, kinda hard to mess up bruschetta tho. The starters were not too heavy, so I was able to tackle my pasta alright. As Paige said, the bread is nothing to talk about, I second her on the suggestion of skipping on them as much as you can. 
My pasta consisted of: rigatoni, spicy tomato sauce, Italian sausage and artichoke. It was pretty good, nice kick to it, the sauce was not too heavy, but I think I should have gone with a different pasta; I was torn between the rigatoni and the black pepper fettuccine. I'll definitely be going with that next time. 
And there WILL be a next time.Amazing!  I wish we had this restaurant in Portland!  Friendly staff, great beer, casual attitude.  The salad were big which I love.  The best was that we could choose exactly the pasta dish combination we wanted.  The sauces were all amazing.  We walked 3/4 of a mile two different nights of our vacation to eat there.Create your own pasta dish: choose your favorite pasta type and pick your sauce plus toppings. 
Great idea and the food tasted amazing.
Extra plus are the fantastic drinks here!The guys who own and run the place are really welcoming and provide amazing service. The food is incredible. Probably some of the best pasta I have ever had. They are working on putting a bar in soon, so it will be complete. But I can't tell you enough, how amazing the food was.Monday night, 40 minute wait after ordering for pasta really?  All out of chicken , and bruschetta?  Would have gone someplace else but the weather is horrible and flooding.  The food here is usually good but it seems like management is not prepared for business.The spinach pasta was great, the sauce wonderful and the chicken very tasty. Great service by good people made for a nice dinner.I agree with previous yelpers that it is very noisy. But aside from that, this place is amazing! There is nothing around like this place. Everything tastes fresh. We didn't know there was a patio or else we would have sat outside.Outstanding, fresh pasta with just as fresh ingredients. Awesome everything. Looking forward  to going back ASAP.My first time here and I was so confused. Its not like your usual order and pay spot once you are done. I enjoyed having the stress free duty of paying before i ate my food. I really enjoyed my Cocktail called the Serial-Quila. Not as Sweet as I would think. The food is really good. I ordered the chicken pasta Alfredo with the shrimp. Me and my son liked the food. My son enjoyed the long fettuccine noodles. The seating may  be small and also parking is very limited.  Overall I enjoy this place. There are also many options of noodles, and sauces, and meat combos you can choose to build from or you can order already put together pasta meal selections. Just be mindful of limited parking and maybe limited seating. Other than that this place was cool. The environment can be a nice trendy family spot and also a nice date spot.Neighborhood restaurant - fresh pasta, good desserts and service. Can be a bit loud when the place is full. This area is one of the redeveloping neighborhoods in New Orleans. You may want to park in a high traffic area if you are visiting after dark.Dude. Its so good. The amount of choices you get is obsurd. They make the noodles in house and you can tell. Try it!Pretty much agree with the other Yelp! reviews. The atmosphere is very much "hipster", but I liked the setting! As it was my first time, I was unaware that you had to order first at the register. You were then to be seated. As a vegan, it's pretty much a hit or miss when tagging along with someone to an unknown restaurant. The "spaghetti" is the only pasta that does not contain egg! Perfect! I ordered that with the pomodoro sauce & mushrooms. The mushrooms were uber tasty. I can't complain at all, as there still was an option for me. My dish really hit the spot for some comfort food!!Good food, great beers ($10 pitchers on Fridays), quality service. Food was ready quickly and everyone with me enjoyed it. Highly recommend classic spaghetti and meatballs, can't go wrong with it.Checked out this little gem last night with a couple of friends. I grew up eating and cooking Italian often, so it usually isn't my go to when picking a cuisine to choose for a restaurant, but I'm glad I chose Italian last night! The flavors are very forward and fresh, all of their pasta is made in house! The sauces were delicious (especially the one with blue cheese involved). The menu is creative and full of great chefs ideas, though I think my favorite part is that you can create any combination you would like. 
In addition to the delicious and fresh food, they have a great selection of local beers on tap, including some of the up and coming ones in Louisiana: Gnarley Barley and 40 Arpent. That alone should give you reason to venture over to Arabella's.
Prices are reasonable, and to top it off, they have cannolis that rival Angelo Brocato's. Enjoy!Had the fantastic special entrée called the 'John Belu-cheese.' The menu made it sound busy but the flavors blended very well. Couldn't put down the fork. Tried my partner's black pepper fettuccine and enjoyed that as well. We tried the spicy meatball appetizer which was super (I'll be getting them and the BP fettuccine next time) and we got the bruschetta which was disappointing. 
Staff was very friendly and attentive,  especially for an order at the counter format. The restaurant got very loud as people came in though.
Great bang for the buck here. Check 'em out.I like this pasta/dinner concept, and am surprised that it has not been done before!  I will be back on my next N.O. visit.
We took the street car to Arabella's.  It is two blocks from the end of the line.  We also stopped by the nearby Walgreens to pick up a bottle of wine for our dinner, even though they have a fine selection of wines at Arabella's.  I think the corkage fee was $5.  We ordered one of the pasta specials and one of the make your own pasta/sauce.  They noticed the bottle on our table and they quickly brought over 2 wine glasses and uncorked the wine.  Thank You... . nicely done!  
We gobbled up our food, and even shared a canoli for desert.  We have never ordered a desert before, but, we really wanted to try this one.  MMmmmmmm ooooh it's so good.. .I love this place!!! The food is so fresh and made to order! Pick your own ingredients. I love that the portion sizes are just enough. You can bring your own bottle of wine. So it's a perfect place to go with a few friends or have date night. Friendly staff, nice atmosphere.So, so good. I was craving it last night but blew all my money on Christmas gifts so I couldn't afford it, unfortunately.
I've gotten the fettuccine alfredo with chicken here twice and I thought it was SO flavorful and delicious. The pasta was perfectly cooked and the sauce was so rich and creamy and peppery, as alfredo sauce should be. Perfect thickness.
The vibe was great. I'm not big on trendy/hipster places and this place is definitely that BUT the bartenders and cashier were exceptional and friendly, not "cool" at all, and my overall service was superb. I sat at the bar and was mesmerized by watching old school WWE on their TV and felt so comfortable and happy here. Also, their tiramisu was BOMB. It was so light and fluffy and delicious, I'm not ashamed to say I actually ate an entire one of these desserts completely by myself recently (it's huge...).
Definitely try this place out if you're sorely missing Italian food in New Orleans. I'm from Boston and desperately miss my North End plethora of Italian options, but this is an excellent solution to these problems.This place is fantastic!! A bit off the beaten path from the French Quarter. Best meal we had all week. Excellent food for a vegetarian.  You are able to create your own dish and you end up with a delicious meal!!The food is really good. I do feel like this portion size of pasta you get is relatively small for the price. I'm usually not full after eating the whole bowl.We bought a living social deal to this wonderful restaurant and now have a new favorite place! Wow! it was so good. everything was super fresh and everyone working there was so nice and friendly.
We had a salad, appetizer, entree and even dessert and not one complaint about any of it. We can't wait to go back and try more of menu.
love, love , love this place!Love this place. I live nearby and usually just get takeout, but tonight I decided to dine in. The service was good: staff was friendly and food came out quickly enough. I always get the Marco Polo, but decided to customize my own dish tonight and it was wonderful. 
The atmosphere is casual and relaxed. Last week I stopped by to grab takeout and a great band was playing inside. If you're looking for good Italian at a fair price, comThis is one of my favorite places in New Orleans for pasta, I come here anytime I am craving freshly made pasta. I had the funghi sauce and fettucini and loved it! Both the pasta and the sauce tasted amazing. I have been multiple times and will definitely be back in the future.I went with 3 other people, we each had something different. I had the fredo, my boyfriend had the John bleu. The fredo sauce was good, as was the pasta. Overall the portion was appropriate, but there could've been more broccoli and chicken in the dish. The sauce was very thick, which I enjoyed. My boyfriend said that the John bleu was alright. The blue cheese flavor was mild. The pasta was cooked well. We both thought the chicken meat was dark, perhaps thighs, which we didn't like. I wish it would've been marketed as such. The ambience was causal. The three star rating is because while we though the food was okay, we generally wouldn't recommend it.I always go in to this place with high expectations and leave disappointed. The first time I went I had the meat sauce and felt it needed way more spices and flavor. This last time, I took my my mom and sister and we each ordered and different salad. I ordered the arugula salad and added chicken for 2 dollars. My mom and sister got their salads first and my sister ate hers before I even got mine. I got my giant plate of arugula, with a few tomatoes and onions and the added chicken and took a bite. I thought the chicken looked off but I had to get my phone out for light. The chicken was dark meat. I hate dark meat chicken and thought it was odd that dark meat was the 2 dollar add on option. My mom loves dark meat so I gave it to her... She wasn't sure about it, thought something was off. I didn't complain because we had happy hour prices. 
I want to go back and get pasta again but I know to specify white meat.
Update - I really do enjoy this place. I think they have phenomenal food and it took me a few menu items to find my dish. I wanted to love it and it's really getting there!!!Been here several times. Great homemade pasta with homemade sauce. I think Arnold said it best... I'll be backWe randomly stopped in and the food was delicious!!! We started with the Caesar salad and it was so good. Light and great flavor. I had the meatballs and spaghetti (the meatballs were tasty). My husband had the bolognase with black pepper fettuccine and added Italian sausage. It was delicious!!!! Normally, after pasta you're full and miserable but this was light and we were content. Great relaxed atmosphere. We will definitely be back!Eh. That's how I would describe the food. This will probably end up on their list of "free explanation of why I hate yelp" but I'll survive. The spaghetti was slightly over cooked and overall, out of the two dishes we ordered, they were both pretty bland. I guess you get what you pay for because it's inexpensive. The atmosphere and actual restaurant is really cute. It took a long time to get our food but I guess that's what happens when everyone is ordering make-your-own pasta. I appreciate that everything is house made. The cocktails were pretty good.So delicious!  Got the spicier sauce on rotini and my husband got the blue cheese gravy.  Yum.  Love how fresh the pasta was.  The girls that took our orders and served us were both really polite and helpful.  The set up was efficient and casual.  Would definitely return to try more items.I love pasta. Wish we lived closer so we could enjoy it more often. I had the Spaghetti dish and it was very good, the sauce had a bit of a kick to it. My fiancé enjoyed the Lamb dish. Sauces were rich and pasta was al dente. Worth a stop if you like pasta.This place is as perfect as it gets. 
Pasta made in house, cooked al dente. A mix and match menu so that everyone is happy. Staff is absolutely awesome. 
We even had our rehearsal dinner there because the food is so outstanding.I do love the food here and the ambiance but they really need to learn how to not serve too quickly between courses.  I loathe having
 my entree coming as I put my first fork full of salad into my mouth.  It's worth the visit just know beforehand that all of your food is coming at one time.Really affordable fresh pasta with mix and match options. A nice, casual vibe and a bar inside. I'm really glad that this dining option opened up in New Orleans.It has taken me three weeks to get over how mad I am about the food at this pop-up, non New Orleans like, restaurant.  First off, when do you ever pay before you eat, except for take-out food at a chain or fast food place?  Why do they do that you may ask? Because the food was inedible and there is not a possibility of you walking out without paying your check!  The meatballs were so salty and disgusting that I took one bite and could not finish.  The Jacks pasta was just as salty and gross.  When I told the waiter ummmmmm. this is not good, he said, "the chef must have put too much salt in the water..."  I will not be surprised if the next time I visit New Orleans, there is a Fried Chicken joint where Arabella once sat.  At least, I hope there is.This was listed as a must do place for vegetarians, so we went. Bruschetta was regular bread with tomatoes and basil. Pesto pasta was ok. Black pepper fettuccine was quite bland. Spicy tomato pasta was extremely spicy, even for my Indian palette. It was bland but for the hot spice. Not many vegetables to add too.
It was very ok overall.This place isn't in the best location, but worth the walk from Frenchman St.  They have a hip vibe with original wall art, full bar with TV for sports, and a walk up counter to take your order.  The atmosphere was clean, bright, smoke-free, with good music.  
The menu is a combo of Italian pastas, sauces, and add-ons like meatballs or chicken.  I ordered the bruchetta and cheese/meat platter.  All the food was fresh, presented well, and absolutely delicious.  The portions were well sized, not enough to take home but you'll leave full.  My friends ordered various pasta dishes and they were equally impressed.  Finished with some cannolis for the win.Best pastas. We loved all the entrees we had for dinner. Enjoyed the drinks as well. Spicy pasta was the best of all.Best of NOLA! Quirky but tasteful ambiance makes this a crowd-pleaser for casual and intimate dining. The counter service style for ordering food expedites the orders quickly and efficiently. Solid selection of beer and wine that caters to small batch preferences. The meatball  app is a family recipe I hear and def a must-try. My favorite selections for pasta are "The John Belu-Cheese" (garnished with cracklin'/chicharrones) and Build-Your-On: Gluten-Free Fusilli + Funghi + Italian Sausage. Skip dessert, not made in-house womp womp wommmmmp. Catch a show at Allways Theatre and Lounge afterwards for a fun night in the Marigny!!!We were SUPER disappointed because there were so many positive reviews. We were drawn to this place because I am gluten-free and my mother is vegetarian and there were ample options for both of us. First, kudos for offering GF pasta. The bottle of wine was also tasty. However, my husband got the spicy tomato pasta. We asked, "how spicy is it- super spicy or a bit of a kick?" and they said "bit of a kick." It was waaaaaay more than a bit of a kick. Super spicy and he can tolerate spicy, and even enjoys it, but if it's too spicy it makes his nose run so he skips that in public. His nose was running after the first bite. My mom got the shrimp scampi. My husband and my mother found it to be very bland. I had the GF fusilli with the funghi sauce (mushrooms and cream). My sauce was by far the best, but the pasta was very gritty and card-boardy. There are so many better brands of GF pasta than what they used. I was very disappointed. If you're close, maybe it's worth the walk, but I really wouldn't go out of your way to eat here.Delicious food, the pasta was yummy, the spinach salad refreshing, attentive service, the entertainment 'a nawlins blast' - eight dice cloth, a lovely evening! Well worth a repeat visit!This place is seriously fantastic. Everyone that works there is SO genuinely happy to be there working & SUPER friendly. SUCH a rarity in New Orleans. We were checked on MULTIPLE times to make sure our food & experience was absolutely perfect, which it was.
Now onto the food:
I ordered the black pepper fettucine with pecan pesto (?) sauce with shrimp - YUM! I loved it & the portion size was slightly big for me, so I had leftovers for lunch the next day! AWESOME!
Just FYI - when you walk in, you check out the menu & order your entire meal at the hostess/cashier stand.  Street parking.  Big screen TV that they play 80's/90's movies on - LEGIT. The bathroom door is painted like a Tardis (for any of you Doctor Who fans out there)! Also it's BYOB! =)
Can't wait to go back for more!This place was hands down the best Italian food I've had in years, maybe even ever! It was that good we came twice within the space of 3 days. My boyfriend loves Italian food and could eat it all day everyday. 
What we ordered: Fusilli with Funghi sauce and Italian Sausage this was AMAZING! 
Fettuccine with pesto sauce and chicken.Don't let the casual atmosphere fool you. This is good food! Can't go wrong with homemade pasta. The sauces were fresh and so flavorful, and I love that you could personalize it to your taste by adding vegetables. I had the creamy spicy tomato sauce. It had an awesome kick to it. My mother had the Putanesca sauce. A little fishy tasting for me, but my mom loved it. I also really appreciate that even though you pay at the beginning, they still give you table service and space out the courses.It's actually kind of fucked up how good this place is. It's fucking amazing. I thought I was a pretty good pasta chef until I ate here. I didn't even know the shit they do with noodles was fucking possible. I have spent hours talking to another man about how fantastic this place is. He claimed it was the freshly made pasta that was their secret, but we all know the secret is in the fucking sauce. Every sauce here is better than the last. I wish there was some way to get every fucking sauce at once. I'm totally into the counter ordering thing they have going on too.  I'm not a beer drinkers' beer drinker, but this place has great beer. I usually get the one with oatmeal.
I've noticed a few people commenting that this is somehow in a bad neighborhood. This to me is perplexing. It is but a stones throw from the new epicenter of the gentrification argument as well as a food co-op where you can buy fucking $6 milk. I guess if you absolutely cannot look at a poor person the neighborhood is "unsavory" but otherwise it's about as dangerous as anywhere else in New Orleans where they open a new restaurant every three weeks.I've now been in here a few times with different people each time. I prefer the white, creamy sauces to their red sauces and the short noodles (esp the rigatoni) to the long. The food is mostly consistent although one visit I got the red sauce that was quite a bit spicer than I remember - like too spicy to eat. 
At the bar, I don't recommend straying from the nightly special because of how good the deal is. A $1 can of All Day IPA on Thursdays may not pair best with my pasta, but it's hard to pass that up for an $8 glass of just the house red wine. 
The atmosphere is what makes me think twice about eating here because my visits have been so random, and I just don't know what to expect anymore. Most recently, they had a Disney movies playing so loudly it was hard to converse. The time before that there was a traditionally Italian singer, but some sort of punk circus acts performed intermittently. That was an odd scene. All the stuff going on the last few visits just made it hard to enjoy the company I was with, and that was the reason I went there in the first place.I'd heard good things about Arabella and finally got around to trying it tonight. I passed by around 8pm en route to see a show and it was packed. By the time got  back around 9pm it was maybe half full so didn't have to wait :-) I appreciated the nice low key vibe.
Got the meatball appetizer which was yummy and enough for 2 (or even 3) people. Really enjoyed the spinach salad with strawberries and pecans (tho now I have a kinda coating in my mouth--happens sometimes when I have spinach like that--does that happen to other people?) 
For the main course, got linguine with the putnesca sauce. If I was a little disappointed that the anchovies that were promised seemed to be ground up as part of the sauce, the goodly amount of asparagus that I ordered as an add-on (for $1 more) made up for it. Also nice amount of capers which I like, but they seem to wind up in the bottom of the bowl, the little buggers. Lol Very generous portion of pasta. And if you like your sauce with a kick, this one's for you due to the poblano peppers; still it's not too too much just enough to leave your lips tingling.
Service was pleasant and efficient. And it was cool to see the gent making the pasta in the back just outside the kitchen.
Already looking forward to going back and trying other dishes. Welcome to the 'hood!So it's still incredibly noisy here. They've done little about the sound problems when it's crowded. If you want to have a conversation, it's nearly impossible.
What they really need to work on is the service. It's still terrible. This time it only took 35 minutes for the food to come out. Seriously, this restaurant isn't that big, nor is the food that complicated. I can't possibly imagine why three dishes come out and then 15 minutes go by without another one coming out. Are they growing the wheat back there?
Appetizers came out after about 10 minutes and then we waited. And waited. And waited. After 30 minutes all told I asked one of the people working to check on our order. Her response was classic. "We had a rush. It'll come out when it comes out." Said in the snottiest tone of voice possible.
Charming. Apparently cleaning tables for a mostly empty restaurant was more important than finding out about the orders of the customers sitting and waiting. 
The food finally came, and mine was cold. I asked the person bringing it to take it back in the kitchen and heat it up (I've probably sent a dish back to the kitchen 3 times in my whole life). Someone from the kitchen brought it back out a few minutes later (perhaps the owner from the last time, my memory is hazy) and he said "I don't know how that happened, it comes out of the water boiling hot."
Again. Charming attitude. 
Finally, when we were leaving the attitude came back. The person clearing the tables said "was it hot enough?"
Just....don't. This city is full of good restaurants who don't treat their customers like they're doing you a favor by serving you dinner.This place is all around awesome. The owners Mowgli and Amanda are lovely people who are veterans in the restaurant industry. Food is super affordable, the pasta is fresh, sauces are on point. I also loved the meatballs. I only wish it was full service. If you sit up at the bar though , Scott will take your order and keep you in great company. Overall, a great, quality down to Earth place with something for everybody.This place was very good. Their homemade pasta is very good but the night I went my chicken was very dry. The meatballs are very good though, definitely worth getting on your pasta or as an app. I loved the Don's salad, totally doused in Italian dressing but so good.Good relaxed vibe to chill with friends, pasta that bordered on a tourist's best meal of New Orleans and a gorgeous bartender. Couldn't have asked for a better place to eat.Great sauces, homemade pastas and a friendly, outgoing staff. I don't think you can ask for any more than that. I love the fact that it is a husband and wife team (and maybe another friend) that ventured put to open this place. Both the husband and wife were very suite.
The meatballs were succulent, smoky and delicious. The pasta (fusil, cream sauce, chicken and herbs) was fantastic. This is great Italian food at a great price. Indeed, I will be back again.Made an impromptu visit here while on a girls trip to NOLA. Best decision ever!! Being vegetarian, we were nervous about not being able to have any options. However, just about everything on this menu was vegetarian friendly. The spicy tomato cream sauce is TO DIE for!! So delicious, with the right amount of kick to make your pasta taste wonderful. The pasta itself was very slightly undercooked, but besides that this was a great place with wonderful food and lovely service.Thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Party of 3 at 6PM on a Wed. We had Spicy meatball and bruschetta appetizers, both enjoyable. For mains we created our own pasta with Black pepper fettuccine and rigatoni pasta, Pomodoro, and fungi sauce, additions of Chicken, Ital sausage, artichokes, red peppers, asparagus.  The sausage was a hit. The garlic Bread served with was the only let down, it was Mehhh. The meal was appetizing, very tasty, well prepared seasoned and presented. Delicious high quality home made pasta and sauces.  Very pleasantly surprised by the house wines. We managed to hit Happy hour, so appetizers and wine by the bottle were half off. Lovely bar Local beers on tap.  Not a huge space but very open and not crowded with tables. Enjoyed the sci fi pop culture references in the decore. It wasnt packed but IM sure it gets that way and that when it does the noise level would be hard to talk around.This place was exactly what we were looking for. All fresh made pasta and great craft beer options on tap. The salads were fantastic and so was the pasta.Arabella gets 5 stars for sure.  It's a simple concept - create your own pasta bowls with a variety of pastas, sauces, and toppings.  It is cheap, filling, and totally delicious.  The owners and staff are super friendly and it is yet another reason why I find myself routinely bypassing the hassles of the CBD and construction war-zone uptown to head to St. Claude for dinner.  However, one of the real reasons this is a favorite place of mine is totally personal.  Wherever I go, my wife consistently orders better then me.  I don't know how she does it - but she generally ends up with the best tasting item on the menu that I spend my meal staring at jealously.  For some reason at Arabella the stars align and I always end up with the perfect plate of pasta that I lord over while she tries to convince me to share.  It's good to be the king.Found this place while visiting the area on a work trip a couple weeks ago. Someone on here described it as "hipster", which is pretty on point, lol. It's a cool little place in a shopping center. The gal up front was friendly. Here's how it works:  their menu is written on a large floor to ceiling (if I'm recalling correctly) chalkboard. Cool, and a different approach. Except that a group of olds came in after us and kind of took over, pushing us to the side. Why so rude, Olds? 
Our food was alright. I had the spaghetti...basic but usually dependable. I forget what my husband got. We both commented on how our dishes tasted fishy. 
Would I go back? Sure, I'd give them another try.Everything here is amazing!! All the pastas are made fresh daily!! The sauces are to die for! Must eat hereSuch a fun place. We took pictures next to Darth Vader. Its a cozy spot with a good beer selection.   For out of towners like me and my family, this was a great New Orleans find.Very solid spot for simple pastas. I had the black pepper fettuccine with spicy tomato cream sauce. Pasta probably could've spent another 30 seconds-minute cooking, but was still delicious. Sauce was excellent (though it overpowered the black pepper element of the pasta i chose, kind of my fault). Also tried the spaghetti with the pomodoro sauce. It was maybe a bit plain, but not bad by any means. Service was timely, not super crowded but not dead either and we got our food within ~10 minutes. You may be able to find better pasta dishes at say, domenica, at least a few years ago, but for the price, its an absolute steal. Also, didn't have any alcohol, but the weekday drink specials were steals.Their food is fresh, delicious, reasonably priced, and in generous servings - but not so large as to be ludicrous and requite a go-box.  OWNER TAKE NOTE:  Staff was friendly to the point of adorable, super knowlegdeable, and with a true professional gloss.  
We lived in Tuscany and WOW, this pasta is honest-to-goodness pasta.  The tiramisu just about made me find religion.  Well done, Arabella's!  I'm going to guide tourists to you and drag in my friends who have proven themselves worthy of a truly great meal.
Thank you so very much for my perfect anniversary dinner.I am preggers...I am all about food for this human growing inside of me and both of us have mad crazy cravings for Fusilli with Funghi and spinach with extra sauce. Seriously....yummy!!!!!! I come in once and sometimes twice a weekI come here often because I crave the chicken with pesto.  And my fiancé loves the funghi sauce.  Tonight they were a bit off with the chicken being salty.  Scott totally made it right by not making a big deal out of the fact we wanted new plates and immediately replaced them with new ones. Great recovery Scott. And great service! 
P.s. I have been here a million times and it's the first time ever that I was even remotely not into my dish.   The food here is so good!
Come eat here soon!Ever since that year of undergrad where I ate nothing but penne (it was after the 6 months of nothing-but-potatoes), my relationship with pasta has been rocky.  With the exception of lasagna, my reception of noodles has been rather lackluster and sometimes even downright negative. When I saw a pasta-focused restaurant appear with outstanding ratings, I secretly hoped that FSM was giving me a noodly olive branch in hopes of wooing me back to the carb side.
I was not disappointed.  Yes, you can pick what you want, and YES, it is delicious in the mouth.  While I still don't think I'm fully recovered from my traumatic past, I think this place might eventually help me overcome it.Arabella is awesome. The salads and pastas are amazing and, most importantly, consistent. Consistency cannot be stressed enough. I've tried numerous combinations and always been happy. Keep it up Arabella! I will always be a customer.Fun little place just around the corner from the inn we were staying at on Marigny and recommended by the inn staff. We really liked the setup of ordering different combinations of pastas, sauces, and toppings. The pasta combinations we ordered were great (get the meatballs), service was efficient, cannoli for dessert perfect. Nice drink specials, too.With a 4.8 avg rating I expected A LOT better. This place was terrible. No cannolis to start. An Italian place should never run out. Period. No excuses. The pasta? I've made better in my sink. What exactly am I missing? $15 a plate should taste better than what I just ate. Save yourself the trip and go get some gumbo or authentic fare this place is best left OFF your list. Wouldn't come back or recommend unless you bribed me with a dozen cannolis. Avoid, unless you're desperate, and then, there's a Checkers down the street....Yum! This place is great. I had the spicy tomato cream sauce with rigatoni and it was SPICY. Delicious but incredibly spicy. Portion size was exactly right and service was stellar. I am already looking forward to my next trip.Really cool little restaurant with great hand made fresh pastas with high quality ingredients!  Turned my bad day into a great one :)Wow! Came here on a recommendation and was not disappointed!  Tiramisu was totally authentic and the bruscetta was so FRESH! Service was great and the vibe was very inviting.  Only bad thing is it is difficult to find and a bit off the beaten tourist path...but those aren't bad things to me.  All in all, I loved this place.That would be a no go for me dawg -Randy Jackson voice
The food looked ok but was totally flavorless. 
I basically had to bring out the cast iron and recook it when I got home. You know with ingredients and flavors and spices. By the time I finished I figured I may as well have just stayed home.I love this place. You have two options: make your own dish or order from the menu which consisted of 5 very different and delicious sounding pasta dishes. I ordered the Jack Daniels cream sauce with rigatoni, chicken, green onions , garlic and chicken cracklins. It doesn't get better than this. They have a lot of options to mix and match and you really can't go wrong. 
Also loved the cozy restaurant itself. It was clean and spacious with plenty of seating.Simple but delicious.  Meatballs are yum.  Spicy tomato cream sauce was spicy, I did not have to add red pepper flakes to it.  Fast and friendly service.We had not tried Arabella before but had heard good things about it.  It is a very casual atmosphere.  You order at the register and they bring your food to your table. The decor is very quirky and funny a great atmosphere to have a few drinks and a delicious meal.  But the meal!  The pasta was the best I have had outside of Italy. Wonderful!  The sauces that we sampled were perfect.  How it works is, you pick  your pasta then your sauce and then add items to it if you wish.  I chose the black pepper fettuccini with the puttanesca sauce and added itialian sausage and artichoke.  I will say it again, best pasta outside of Italy.   For after we had a couple Cannoli that they make in house and you have a choise of toppings.. Save room for the cannoli  :-)So so good! I'm not a connoisseur of many things but I love pasta. And boy does this place know how to make delicious pasta. I got the John bleucheese (I think that was the name) and it knocked my socks off. If you haven't been yet you're missing out!I've tried two dishes, one spaghetti with meatballs in a classic tomato sauce.
The pasta a bit over cooked and the parmesan was grinded a long time ago so it was pointless to add that. It wasn't bad though. It was just ok. 
The second dish I ate was penne with lamb in a spicy tomato sauce. Much tastier than the spaghetti incident. 
The pasta was al dente and even though I prefer "spicy" to be hot for real there was a nice chili touch. All and all a quite nice dish. 
Luckily for me I went there a thursday and enjoyed a fullers' IPA for only 1$. Happy thursday me!
If you crave pasta instead of fried shrimp, and different messy po-boys it's absolutely worth it. But don't expect a taste transportation to Venice. All you get is a pretty nice meal. (and remember - if it's Thursday you get away with a bargain if you enjoy a beer or two)Service was slow and lax at the bar.
Pasta could have used double the amount of sauce. Could barley taste the meat sauce.
For the price, theres better pasta options in the city.  
and wheres the bread??This place is sick, well worth driving out of the touristy area.   Almond soda with creamFavorite pasta in New Orleans! I come here at least twice a month a and they never disappoint!restaurant is a little small so I'd recommend to avoid the weekend since it would be a little waiting time.  Food was great! planning on coming back next week so we can slowly try everything on the menu, haha.This place is amazing! Every item we ordered was over the top delicious. The homemade pasta, the meatballs, the shrimp (cooked to perfection). We ordered two pasta dishes, one fettuccini and one spaghetti and they switched them in the dishes, which was no problem for us, because we wanted to try both, but they comped us a free, and fabulous, cannoli! Love the food, the people, and the setting, which is casual but nice.  Will become regulars here.What a great environment and great food! The owners are absolutely amazing and so welcoming.Food was so good and counter person was super helpful on recommendations. Good way to end a long day and you can get 15% off if you check in, which isn't much but I'll take a discount any day! 
My friends and I all got one of each of their pasta selections (instead of build your own) and hands down the shrimp piccata was all our favoritesI love the concept of this place.  
Although the marinara pasta I ordered had a sauce that was too spicy. I also kind of wish they put the sauce on the side so you could put the amount of sauce you wanted on the dish.Great little casual pasta place. Housemade pasta is perfectly cooked and the sauces are spot on. Definitely not haute cuisine, but service is solid and the bar has enough offerings to make you happy. Crazy busy on weekends, so show up early. The pecan pesto is excellent on the fettuccine.Decent pasta and sauces in a hipster type environment.  I first sampled their food when they were still on Magazine and then tried them a few more times at their new Bywater location.  It really worked better for me at the Magazine location as it seemed to meld so well with the wine bar.  The new location has a lot less charm and aesthetics than their Magazine location but much more space.  The food is decent but I find the portion sizes to be quite too small for me.  You get a choice of several pastas and then several sauces with which to pair with each other.  I suggest either doing a double order or going to Pizza Delicious.Deceptively large portions. I always see the plate coming and think I'll wolf it down and still be hungry but then I'll be eating for days and have it look like I haven't even made a dent. So, definitely worth the prices (around $11-$13) for the combo of delicious+filling. The atmosphere is cute, the location is convenient. If I'm out drinking at Second Vine I usually stop by Arabella's for food and either eat there or take it to go, or both (see above about deceptive portions). I don't even usually like pasta like that! I also love the little touches like the dishes are all called something I would name food if I were a food namerer. Lambotomy. Spaghettisburg Address. That Blue Junk They Drink In Star Wars. No, really.Visiting from out of town.
Husband was feeling down.
Cannolis he wanted.
So onward I hunted.
I needed some help.
And when I looked to Yelp...
Arabella Casa di Pasta!
Oh, yes. We've gotsta.
Italian sodas were yummy.
Well worth the money.
Antipasto Plate was okay.
But not the best of the day.
Pastas were delicious.
Pecan pesto was the best.
Cannolis were last.
And boy they went fast.
We loved this place.
Puts a smile on your face.We had just got to our Airbnb and discovered that not only did we need food but we needed it ASAP! Wandering around our neighborhood this was like the third food place we passed and we immediately knew this had to be it. The people were friendly, the menu was written in chalk and they had a cocktail menu so we were sold. I had the shrimp piccata and it was pretty delicious just very filling. I didn't finish all of it. It was also a bit lemony but it was expected. I love the location as it was connected to a dive bar with some of the most entertaining Karoke I've ever experienced. It was also hilarious that the table markers were memes. This place has a very homey feel. Next time I'm in NOLA I'm definitely going to have to pay this place a visit.Food and service so wonderful.... When getting the  bread and melted butter you have to get the roasted garlic to add to the mix.... Yummy on the bread. Will keep coming back.I have been indulging in my love affair with pasta since I was old enough to request spaghetti for my birthday dinner. This place more than exceeds expectations. The pasta is made fresh, the sauces are simple and very tasty, the service is impeccable. Eat there.One of the great pasta houses in the country. Choose what style pasta and what sauce you want on it and off you go. The pasta and sauces are all fresh and hand made meatballs that are so yum they are excellent. The best part about it is you can eat a great meal here and don't have to break the budget. Another great dining option in the bywater.Amazing pasta! You choose your pasta, your sauce and then any meat or extra veggies. I had fettuccine with funghi sauce and shrimp. Sauce was garlic brandy cream sauce with mushrooms. Yummy! I'm almost ready for more pasta just writing this review! For an appetizer we had the bruchetta which was awesome as well. I tasted a bite of the people's food at the table and everything was just perfect and flavorful. Beer was great too!Just needs a bit more seasoning in the pasta sauces, but really great spot and ultra chill.A friend recommended this place to me while I was vacationing in New Orleans. Seriously the best pasta I've had in a while!
Why 4 instead of 5 stars? Simply location. It doesn't seem like it's in a great part of town, nor is it near very much else. You could literally drive right by without even noticing it.
But they had decent deals. I forgot what the happy hour beer special was but I do remember it being more than reasonably priced.
You can do a make your own pasta dish or go with their suggestions. I made my own and gobbled the whole thing down right away.
Plus, there was a little live music playing for us while we were there, super cute!Fantastic food. I cannot stay away. Plus no corkage fee. The meatballs are tasty and the pesto is really creative and creamy. Homemade pasta cooked perfectly. Service is efficient and friendly.Amazing pasta and the spicy meatballs are by far the best meatballs I've ever had in my life.Let's get real, $5 homemade pasta in a sea of fried food and creole??!! Yes, please and thank you!! I had the gluten free pasta with mushroom sauce + chicken and broccoli! It was delicious, came out hot and fast--super fresh. My dining partner had the spicy sauce on fetuccini, the pasta was perfectly cooked and the sauce was ahhhhmazing. Being from DC the food seemed FREE!!! Plus the waiter was super charismatic and very easy on the eyes! Holla, I finally found a place I want to return to in NOLA, big kudos to the chef.I love the concept and execution. Every time I've been here the pasta has been fresh, flavorful, and deliciously sauced. I've especially enjoyed the bolognese.We really enjoyed our dinner at Arabella. The place has a really chill vibe - it's super casual, and it's decorated with weird fandom merch and Flying Spaghetti Monster art. My boyfriend had the Gnarly Barley Korova Milk Porter and the Lambotomy. I had a Canebreak pale wheat ale and the Marco Pollo. It was a LOT of food - I did finish my plate, but I almost left some behind. The black pepper fettuccini was soooo good! We then split a cannoli - chocolate chips on one end, pistachios on the other. Yum!We had a great dinner in here- they just got the bar up & running so that's a plus- it was byob last time we came. It's counter service but the bartender Sonia did pass by to check on us during our meal. Pasta was tasty & priced affordably. Good value overall.This place is definitely a diamond in the ruff. My niece and I were craving Italian and came across this deliciousness on Yelp. It was a rainy day nevertheless so we opted to dine in and chill. Upon arrival we were greeted by a gentleman "forgot his name" and was told everything was truly Italian inspired and authentically made. The pastas were made fresh daily and the sauces taste like grandma made them. He insisted we try the meatball appetizer, which consisted of 3 "nice sized" meatballs and a 6 inch loaf of garlic Parmesan bread. One word Ah-Phuxkkn-mazing. Lol The menu is a build your own so you can't go wrong with the choices. I opted for the creamy tomato sauce with spaghetti, garlic and organic chicken. However, the chicken wasn't of my liking but to each is own. I subbed my chicken for the meatballs instead and it was like having a foodie orgasm ;)! The flavors just explodes in your mouth. Wish I could have taken pictures but my mouth had other plans.This is my favorite date spot. Delicious pasta. You can pick the noodles, sauce, and toppings. The spicy meatballs are delicious. I always get the fungi sauce but today I got the Parmesan garlic with broccoli and chicken. My girly gave me her mushrooms to top it off. Simple perfection. Don't forget to grab a cannoli.I love that Arabella has come to my neighborhood! They are always so friendly, and not in that gross TGIFriday's way. Everytime I go in I make a new friend at the counter and then I'm like "Oh yeah, I need to order something."
Ordering is fun! As the staff will tell you, there are thousands of possible combinations. You choose the noodle, the sauce, and any add-ons you might need. Meatballs, skrimps, other things... Can't remember. Everything is made with love in house, even the noodles! I like the cork screws, which I believe are sometimes gluten free. Last time I went I got the Marco Pollo sauce, which had tomatoes, artichokes, and chicken in a creamy white sauce. I also had the seasonal salad (strawberries, spinach, goat cheese, balsamic). Simple, light, yummy, not overdone.
The atmosphere is very casual and open. It seems like the kind of place you could strike up a conversation with your neighboring diners without it being weird. Or if you don't like talking you could watch a movie. Wayne's World was on last time. No sound, but we know all the words, don't we?
As for now this place is BYOB, but hopefully they will jump through all the hoops soon and get their liquor license. They need wine! For now, get a bottle or three at Faubourg Wines down the street and then head to Arabella. Share with your neighbors who didn't know better.Everything here is wonderful. Handmade pasta, a few amazing dishes done perfectly instead of 59 items done like "eh, that was decent." The restaurant catered our wedding and we've been getting compliments on having the best wedding flood of the year for 6 months straight...and our inlaws are all tough to impress. Eat here. Fungi sauce, meatballs, the rigatoni, everything is so on POINT.Dined in at this little spot today and, I must say, I was pleased for the most part. First, the service is phenomenal. Renee, who is also the bartender, was extremely attentive and patient. I could not decide which wine I wanted, so she brought out various samples. She also made sure that we were satisfied with our experience. 
The food was delicious (for the most part). The meatballs -- ah -- they were succulent and perfectly cooked. They were nicely seasoned and the marinara was near perfect. Their salads are also great as well, and the portion sizes are nice for the prices. 
As for the main entrees, they were just okay. The shrimp piccata could have been seasoned a tad bit more. Also, I do not believe the pasta was freshly made (although I could be wrong). I have a decent sense of when Italian joints make their own pasta and this was not one of those times. Again, I could be wrong!!!! Nonetheless, the shrimp were perfectly cooked, but I still expected a little more from a restaurant that is centered on pasta. 
Would I go back? Hell yeah for those meatballs, salad, and a glass of wine!Best cooks around. next time you are in town for a hula hoop convention or striped sock expo, be sure to stop in to Arabella and chow down. Don't get any on your clockwork goggles!Ate at Arabella for the second time recently. Great food and very nice wine to be had here! The atmosphere is warm but lacking due to lack of furniture or anything breaking up the large, concrete-floored room. But, the food makes up for anything negative. It is really worth trying!I ordered the black pepper fettuccini with the pomodoro house red sauce. Deliciouso!!! Tastes homemade and the sauce kicks it up a notch. The cannoli was (^_^) nom nom as well. Delivery to the Seventh Ward was quick and prompt. $25 order minimum for delivery, but it's worth it. I'll be back for sure.I went to Arabella with a group of friends because I knew it was casual, fun, and everyone could find something to eat whether they were gluten free or vegetarian. Unfortunately when we arrived they said they were out of gluten free pasta. Therefore the only option was to get vegetables in a sauce for a gluten free meal. 
Otherwise, the sauces were good but nothing so amazing I would drive out of my way to get.I love this place!
just step inside and you wil lsee colorful, young and vibrant artwork.  many pop culture refrences here, between the movie posters and puns, and celebrity pictures here and there. Food is good too--basically build your own pasta. Fairly priced, and a decent amount of options. the bruscetta can be shared, for $5 you get 5 big pieces and are stuffed with toppings. pitchers of beer are $10 which is a steal. Nice selection of beer too.Absolutely splendid food and service.  Fresh food and great service. Forget the chain restaurants and go try this food right now!
Also Yelp sucksHad a chicken Alfredo plate and was to die for. This place was one of the best places I've been in New Orleans. Their milk cream soda was another thing people should try.I'm from out of town and visiting with a friend. We decided to drop in and see the menu for the night and possibly have dinner here based on the reviews from others.
We never got greeted when we walked in, and as we were browsing the menu displayed we were never offered any assistance. My friend had a bad experience recently with Italian food so we decided to go to another place and come back another night. 
As we were walking out, the host rudely said in a snarky voice something along the lines of "have a nice week". Basically telling us not to come back so my money won't be coming back to this business. Extremely unprofessional attitude from the host.LOVE LOVE LOVE!  Every time I go I leave satisfied.  The food is great, good service, love The Don Salad and their meatballs. YUMMMMMMMMMM!The reviews on the wait almost scared me off, but at 6pm on a Saturday my family of 4 walked right in to about #8 in line to order with plenty of empty tables. I lured my wife there with the pork belly pasta with poached egg, only to find it's not on the regular menu and just happened to be a special that plenty of Yelpers raved about. We got the shrimp piccata, and the fussili with meatballs and pomodora sauce. The portions are just right for our light appetites, and the fare is not heavy either. We shared both dishes and both liked both. I enjoyed the meatballs. They premix the fresh made pasta and sauce in your bowl and I would have like a little more sauce for a wetter experience, it's comes across a tad dry. I'd be happy to pay for extra sauce on the side and maybe this is an option I didn't know I needed. The piccata could have used a few more shrimp, and that also could be our fault because we shared and maybe are a little too greedy. The cannoli shell had a nice light crunch to it, but the filling was not cream cheesy enough for my taste, I'd rather drive to Angelo Brocatos, but I would like to bring one of their shells with me. Overall I'd go back again and try more sauces and options especially the sauce with the olives in it.Meatball and Bruschetta appetizers were very good, but the "fusilli" was straight out of a box, and the red sauce was tasteless and insufficient for the serving. They said they were out of two-three varieties of the homemade pasta, so we ordered the fusilli. If they also ran out of it they should say something so I could choose another rather than Barilla me. Very disappointing.Everything was excellent, thank you Arabella Casa for your hospitality.  Have tried many places for my perfect pasta and finally found it.  Meatballs to die for & just finished my cannoli to go when we got home.The pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was delish. I ordered the black pepper fettuccine with the Marco Pollo sauce add asparagus. 
The service was ok, but the food made the visit.Some of the better (house made) pasta I've had, friendly service, and in a pleasing environment. They get their weird on hosting evens on some Thursdays. Love it!Pasta is wonderful! Create your own dish by choosing the type of pasta, sauce, meats & veggies! I had the black pepper fettuccini with the funghi mushroom sauce with gulf shrimp and mushrooms. We also shared small plates; spicy meatballs and caesar salad. The meatballs were AMAZING. $10 craft beer pitchers on Friday, can't beat that!I was really excited about this place and was disappointed. The pasta I got wasn't anything special.Checking in on Yelp yields a disparaging message about Yelp, but despite that, this place seems to be doing just fine on this imperfect but reasonably useful review site. It is an effect a fast casual restaurant, but with a more local vibe than most of the chain restaurants I'd categorize as such. You build your own pasta dish from various noodle and sauce choices.
Seeing that you could get extra sauce on the side made me wonder if I would get shorted on the actual dish, but no, it was ample and delicious. The pecan pesto I ordered was rich and was something I couldn't have made or acquired myself, and I was happy with my choice to combine it with red pepper-infused rigatoni. It needed some hot red pepper as well, which was at the table. The salad that capped it off tasted fresh.
A casual vibe and a lot of Star Wars pictures characterize the dining area. Their hours are a bit unusual in being open only for dinner but starting early. The customizable (and vegan-friendly) menu offered enough promise that I wouldn't mind experimenting more.After a short stint as a predominantly courtyard popup earlier this year, Mowgli Pieras and his significant other relocated to their own brick and mortar renovation of an older office structure on the newest culinary neighborhood, the St. Claude corridor. Thank goodness for a much larger indoor seating area for his building customer base.
Pasta, Pasta, Pasta is the name of the game here. Homemade, of course,  everyday several different shapes and sizes. Plus, you can customize by choosing  type of pasta, sauce and entrée ingredient, as, meat balls, chicken, shrimp or vegetables.
To start, you must try the spicy meatballs in a wonderful red sauce. Caution for those who don't like heat or spices as both make these unforgettable.  Next, absolutely the fullest and tastiest bruschettas you'll find in our city - truly yummy.  A simple but elegant Ce=aeser salad  touts the freshest lettuce pieces, with pimento slices, wonderful cheese slices, garlicky and anchovy paste.
As I mentioned earlier, the build your own pasta entrée is not only a fun game for all but truly the freshness of the pasta shapes, cheeses and main ingredients are all complimented with fresh herbs is gonna get you swearing loyalty to this place.
Finally,  a NY style cheesecake is as original as it should be or  a slice of the chocolate lovers ganache pie. 
When you get a craving for pasta, head on out as you won't be disappointed.Caesar salad was delicious, and so was the bruschetta! The decor was mainly Star award, gave it a unique feel. Pretty good experience overall.We were in the area when we decided to stop in here and grab a bite to eat. The setup here is pretty simple: you order what you want at the counter and you wait at a table. I like that they have dishes to choose from or you can just build your own, if you desire. I decided to keep it simple and I got a salad that was big and packed with olives, cucumbers, tomatoes, feta and onions. It was great and was filling without being heavy and I especially liked the vinaigrette that it was topped with. David had the spaghetti and meatballs, which he said was delicious.
This restaurant also has a really nice beer selection, so I was pleased that I was able to enjoy a nice IPA with my meal. The dishes are well priced, the food is good and the staff is friendly. I'll be back.Did you say homemade pasta?? When I hear that you have this Italian girls undivided attention. The pasta was cooked to a beautiful al dente and had a nice "chew" to it. So very different from box pasta. The sauce I chose was a spicy red cream sauce. The flavor was robust and had little pieces of jalapeño, which was refreshingly different. The cream was not over done and didn't mask the flavors of the tomato sauce. Instead it added richness and cut through the acidity of the tomatoes making the flavor linger on your tastebuds. I got this dish meatless and was so happy I did because when you have a perfect sauce and a perfect noodle you really don't need anything interfering with an amazing marriage of flavors and textures. I will be back soon to get my pasta fix (shh...just don't tell my mom!)My boyfriend and I first came across Arabella at their old location and fell in love instantly.  The staff were incredibly helpful and had fun explaining the menu to us, and even took the time to demonstrate how their pasta machine worked.  When they turned out to not have the pasta I ordered, they asked if they could substitute it with the one they'd just made.  It was a great substitution; nothing's better than freshly made pasta!
We found them again after they moved and I was so excited to have wonderful homemade pasta available again.  I wish they were still in the LGD but you can't get everything you want!
The meatball appetizer is delicious and I've always had some variant of a tomato meat sauce on my pasta.  It's been rich but not overwhelming, and the portions are very satisfying.  Last time we went, I believe they had a gluten-free pasta option, which was pretty cool, too.  Arabella is definitely my choice for a filling, delicious, better-than-home-cooked meal!Don't get why all the good reviews. I was craving some good pasta and did no get it here. Cooked it up at home myself a week later (with tons of fresh basil!) and will definitely not be going to this place anymore.
We started out with the Don salad. Tasted really good but had to look for the artichokes.
I had the rigatoni with pomodoro and meatballs. The pasta was dry and hardly done (I do know what al dente means and this was not it), it did not taste any fresh basil which I was longing for, and the meatballs were unimpressive. 
The parmesan cheese that is in a shaker on the table did not taste like anything but saw dust.
My partner had spaghetti with funghi and shrimp. That dish tasted better but would not come back for it.Any pasta place that can make a good spaghetti and meatballs is good to me! Try the Spaghettisberg Address.As a lover of all things italian, I was excited to discover Arabella. It's basically like a build your own pasta type of spot. With a wide yet not overwhelming menu, Arabella offers plenty of choices depending on your mood. And if you can't figure out what you want, they have several different pre made options for you to choose from, most of which are not listed on their website. 
I ordered to go and was a little hesitant to do so after reading some of the reviews about portion sizes, etc. Nothing is worse than getting home and not being satisfied with your meal. But I was pleasantly surprised and satisfied with what I received. I had a rigatoni with a spicy tomato cream sauce, basil and italian sausage..The sauce was really good, the pasta was just okay. I was not blown away. My friend ordered fettucini with pesto cream pecan, basil and parmesan with chicken. That was DELICIOUS. We also ordered a side of bruschetta and a caesar salad and garlic bread. Save yourself some calories and skip the bread cause it blows.
Overall I liked Arabella and its vibe and would definitely like to taste some of their other menu items. They have a lot of potential and I love how fresh their ingredients are.First the problems.
It's incredibly, unbearably noisy. Seriously. So much so that the person taking our order didn't hear me order a salad. 
Second, the service tonight was very problematic. We ordered an antipasti plate, salad, two pasta dishes and a plate of meatballs. None of the food came out until 50 minutes had gone by. The counter person apologized and said they were still learning the rhythm of the place. Fair enough, but when you've moved all day and are starving that's not what you want to hear. 
They're saved by the food. All of it's really fabulous. My pasta dish with shrimp and a light lemon sauce was lovely. Light and fresh and the fettuccine was well made and very tasty. Hubby loved his dish with a mushroom cream sauce, also with fettuccine.
The meatballs were also really really good, large and moist and flavorful.  Served with a very fresh simple red sauce. Highly recommended.
And then the antipasti plate. Wow. Great cheese choices (one had whole peppercorns in it the other was a nice gorgonzola) and a salami I had never had before (it just said salami so I don't know what it was) but damn was it delicious.
At the end of the meal, the owner came over and apologized profusely for everything taking so long and missing the salad we ordered. It was a lovely gesture and he seemed really nice. He also said they are planning to install some sound deadening measures (a concrete floor with low ceilings is a recipe for a very loud restaurant). He also offered us free cannoli (we declined) and said that next time tell them he owed me a Caesar salad. Again, great gesture, esp. when you're a new restaurant.
I'd go back but wait a while until they fix the sound problems and fix the pacing. The food was that good.Terrific, great desserts and small plates. Good pasta sauce. Try the meatballs and everything!One of the best meatballs I've had since my grandmother passed away 20 years ago. I highly recommend place!This place is awesome. The food is remarkably down-to-Earth, without coming off as lazy, "comfort" Italian food in the slightest. Service is warm and welcoming. Wine selection is small but clever enough to not leave anything to be desired. And... They have Zelda table stand thingies that tell the waitstaff your order as opposed to mere numbers. Order everything and eat everything. Robocop commands it.Sure, I was only here for a minute while passing through the Marigny last weekend, but that minute left me craving more. 
I ordered the Bloody Mary because they had a chalkboard sign out front vividly describing the juicy tomato juice mixed with vodka and topped with only the best fixins - green beans, olives, and okra, pickled, as if we'd have it any other way. To accompany my Bloody Mary and my hungry but not pasta hungry appetite, I went with the Tomato Bruschetta app. Awesomely enough, when I got my bill it was insanely reasonable at $9. For a 16 oz Bloody Mary and sizable appetizer portion of Bruschetta. WOOT. When I took my first sip of the cocktail, I was thrilled that this was like an Italian version of the drink I love. Sweet like Maw Maw's gravy, yet still spicy and full of tomato tang. Coupled with the pickled veg and the stalk of celery, I was impressed. As for the Bruschetta, it was simple and satisfying with crusty buttered bread and a chunky tomato topper, complete with balsamic vinegar, olive oil, basil and garlic. It was delicious when I first got it and then even better after I carried it 2 miles back to my French Quarter hotel and ate it 6 hours later after my friends wedding - the true test of delicious. 
I can't wait to go back and have pasta and drink wine and let my Italian side hang out. I'll be sure to bring my leggings as pants for that trip...If you are blown away by pasta and pasta sauce,  this is your spot. But it is just that... very well done build-your-own plates of pasta. 
I had the black pepper fettuccine with spicy tomato cream sauce and organic chicken. Not as spicy as I hoped it would be. The antipasto plate was nice, with a good selection of cheeses.
My date had the spiked lemonade, which she expressed distaste for. It was not sweet enough and overall did not taste very good, in her opinion. 
Like I said,  if pasta is your thing, this is your spot... 
But that is all it is.COMPLETELY ADDICTED. 
I went for the first time last month with an old friend to catch up.... I've been back four (YES, 4) times since. 
Anytime it is up to me and I feel like getting out I always suggest Arabella. Also, it's located near a bunch of happening spots on St. Claude (HiHo lounge, Sibera, Kajuns karaoke bar) so, it's the perfect pregame spot! 
The atmosphere is chill and it's always the same ppl working every time I happen to go... They are both very helpful and easy to talk to. 
As for my order, I'm stuck on what hooked me in the first place 
Black pepper fettuccine, with creamy pecan pesto, and mushrooms. 
TO DIE FOR. 
I've also tried ( aka took bites from my boyfriends or friends plate ) 
The "Jim BlueCheese" HOLY FUCK, it's good.So working next door and was really looking forward to this. I love Italian food. Reviews looked great etc. I must say that the service was very good and attentive.
So why only 2 stars. Well I was really looking forward to the homemade pasta and meatballs. Meatballs were delicious. The pasta on the other hand, well I couldn't tell if it was homemade or not. It was very mushy and Hot as hell. The kinda of hot that comes from being in a microwave. I could be wrong but the 3rd degree burns on my tongue suggests other wise. This also explains the mushy texture. 
I really hope this was just a one time occurrence, I'm working next door all week so we shall see.We love, love, love Arabella Casa Di Pasta! We first ate here when they were located around the corner from our house in the LGD. They are now in a much bigger location down on St Claude Avenue. The quality is just as good, if not better, as before. Pasta is made from scratch. Sauces are delicious and light. When your meal is served, at first glance, it doesn't look like a lot of food on your plate, but it really is. The fungi is smooth, light and rich, served over fusilli. Salads are huge. Delicious, wonderful, to die for. I recommend this place as one of the best places for Italian food, hands down. And the people who own it and work there are delightful. Well done, Arabella! Bravo!This was such an awesome dinner! The parmesan cream sauce was so refreshing and tasty! The homemade fresh pasta was a welcome treat after many meals of boxed pasta.  Dessert of cannoli's with fresh cream filling was the perfect ending to a great meal.  The atmosphere was relaxed and the staff were attentive.   It was one of the best meals I've had since moving to New Orleans.  Arabella is going to become a go to dinner spot for me!This place amazed me! I love the simple "build your own" pasta. Good wine selection here. I got the spicy tomato cream over the black pepper fettuccni. I added chicken and it was really spicy, but very delicious. My wife got the pomodoro sauce over rigatoni and I urged her to add the meatballs. Those meatballs were fantastic! By far the best thing we had ordered. I will definitely come back here and try all of the combinations! (ok not all, but most)Didn't think I could love Arabella more - the pasta and drinks and good people were enough (especially for a gluten free eater!!)... But tonight with music ... Perfecto!My wife and I loved this place. The food was terrific. The pastas and sauces are all made fresh each day and are delicious. The service if friendly and very helpful.
It was a great meal.Arabella's made to order pasta is outstanding in taste and texture. You can watch you pasta as it gets rolled out before cooking. It IS that fresh. The fresh herbs in the sauces make the flavors pop! Great friendly staff. And liquor license coming in about a week or so.The Puttanesca, pasta and meatballs were divine.  Love the house made pasta. Friendly staff is an added bonus.  I'll be back with friends soon.Okay, Bywater. We need to talk. Glad to see you're doing well and business is booming while trying to remain hip and funky. The problem is that, yes it was a Saturday night, but waiting an hour and a half for pasta is hipster overkill, no matter how hand-pulled it is. 
Logistics aside, the food wasn't even worth the wait. I ordered the spaghetti with the "spicy" tomato creme sauce and wild boar. Oops. Scratch that. They were out of the boar at 6:20pm, so I went for the ground lamb. Not the same at all, despite what the woman taking the order said. 
Now we wait ...., and wait ...., all the while skulking around ready to pounce on a table, should one open up. 
Almost forgot what I ordered when the food arrived. The spicy tomato sauce was the farthest thing from spicy. You know we are in New Orleans and spicy means something here, right? Just checking. And I remember ordering spaghetti, but I got linguini instead.  My wife ordered the shrimp, which were just this side of safe from raw. Not a real confidence builder after an hour and a half of cook time. 
maybe you guys can't handle larger crowds, but if Jacque-imo's isn't worth a 90 minute wait, neither are you. 
Oh, and $7 for regional draft beer is highway robbery. no wonder everybody is enthusiastic about your $1 beer thursdays.This place is a best kept secret. It's off the beaten path. Outside of the French quarter and in a neighborhood where there isn't much else, this place is a gem. The rigatoni is great. You can try a signature dish or create your own by picking your noodle, and your sauce. Definitely worth a trip.Excellent Food!  The Funghi is incredible.  RRP amazing and we tried the Gluten Free pasta is SO GOOD!  If you want amazing pasta this is the place to stop.Quite the delicious pasta temptress establishment. Half of me try's to eliminate all carbohydrates; the other half absolutely loves fantastic Italian food especially pasta. Enough about me. All of their pasta is freshly made. You have a two choices; order their creative menu options things like spaghettisburg address, or pick a noodle, sauce, proteins and veg. They have gluten free pasta options as well if that's your jam. My go to; fettuccine w fungi sauce add mushrooms, roasted red peppers, maybe some meatballs, lamb, or shrimp depending on my ever changing mood. The meatball app is good as are all the salads. The tiramisu is divine. Bonus for me; the deliver quickly and on a bikeThis place was an absolute delight. 
Pros
-The place is spacious and clean, which is a very welcome change from the establishments of Frenchmen street. It is well worth the short walk away from the main drag.
-We came because we simply could not take any more of the ubiquitous fried food in New Orleans, and we were not disappointed. The strawberry spinach salad was great. I paired the rigatoni with the fungi sauce and asparagus, and was very happy with the result. My sister had spaghetti with tomato basil and mushrooms, and her boyfriend had rigatoni with meatballs and Italian sausage. (I asked why he looked so sad, and he said because he had no more room to keep eating!)
Bonus cool points
-We were surprised and thrilled by the subtle
décor. If you are not a Star Wars or Doctor Who fan, you might not notice or care, but if you are, you're in for an awesome treat.
Tip
-It's a build-your-own pasta at the counter place. Only choose a thick sauce to go with a thick pasta. If you end up displeased with your meal, I'm willing to bet it's because you haven't learned the art of pasta pairings.
Cons
-It's not in California, so we can't become
regulars.Arabella is one of my favorite places. It's my place for solo dates, bestie outings and group outings. They literally can cater to most vibes. So here is what I love.
MUSIC... So every time I'm there, the music is just right. Most restaurants suffer with music, but normally the bartender put what they vibing to and I'm here for the rap and r&b days. I love dancing and eating and Arabella does this for me. Once, the bartender played all female Memphis rap and my whole life was GOT.
Food. Well every visit I start out with bruschetta. I never was a bruschetta person because it doesn't have cheese or meat until trying this! It was some delicious balsamic on top of tomatoes on some crostinis and the flavor is just right.
For my pasta I normally go with pomodora sauce with ground lamb and gulf shrimp. I try to keep it fresh with my type of pasta I chose. The pasta is very comforting to me and a healthy portion of lamb and shrimp is always present. The size always work for me.
As for parking, it's all street parking, but you shouldn't have much trouble finding any parking.Very good pasta and sauces.  I got the rigatoni with spicy tomato cream sauce.  I added chicken and spinach.  I gave 4 stars because the chicken was pre-cooked and reheated.Wowzah! This place has come a long way! I first tried it years ago when they first opened and wasn't impressed, but last night hit the spot! My sister and I went to do some serious emotional eating, and we left feeling like a million bucks! For starters...the drinks were delightful. Followed by the bruschetta which was baller. The spicy meatballs were my least favorite thing we ate, but still pretty darn good. The spaghetti was stellar, the "Lambotomy" was luscious, and the bread is bright and fluffy. The "Cider House Rules" is my new favorite cocktail in the city...whisky, cider, with a red wine floater...I had three. They also have house-made Campari, that goes into the "Campari Cocktial" which is essentially an Aperol spritz: just fab. All of this was topped off by a delightful, "not unattractive" -to use his words- server named Moguli, who was very helpful, and provided lovely service (an area that was lacking upon my last visit) that made our night. Holler at him when you dine next time!Don't waste your time. You're better off having a TV dinner. Seriously. John lemon was bitter with boiled shrimp. Tried to fix that experience with a cannoli. Bad idea. Tasted like it was filled with Philadelphia cream cheese. Not sweet at all. If you've ever had good Italian food don't come here. If you don't really care for taste. This is for you. Sorely disappointed.Excellent food and service ! Definitely recommend for great Italian comfort food. They have daily drink/food specials. Good prices and portions. Good atmosphere. Definitely a nice place for a date night !I have been looking for a casual fresh pasta place for a while. The pasta is excellent.  It is made every day and you can tell. Pretty fun place to eat with the family.  So why 3 stars?  The area of town is not the greatest. The sauces are a little bland.  I had the  Bolognas with meatballs it was pretty bland.  My son got the house sauce and it was probably the best at our table.  Everything we had need more seasoning.  I will definitely give it another try.  The side salad was amazing.I honestly have nothing bad to say about this place. My friend and I went last week and throughly enjoyed it. It's set up like a Theo's; order at the counter, get a sign with a face on it and they will bring you your delicious pasta dish. We were unaware they had obtained their liquor license so we had brought a bottle of wine, and they were really cool about letting us drink our bottle since we didn't know. I had the shrimp piccata which was so good, I ate every bit. My friend ordered the spicy meatball (I think it was a special?) and she raved about it. We went on a weekday, so it wasn't too crowded and the atmosphere was very nice. The service was great, too. I will definitely be returning.You don't have to splurge when eating at Arabella's. Their daily homemade pasta's and rich sauces can satisfy anybody's appetite. I had the John Belu Cheese pasta. Melted blue cheese, chicken and herbs over rigatoni was a party in my mouth.  I can't wait to go again.Meh. What's the hype with this place? Went out of my way to try it out on a Sunday afternoon and was left disappointed. The pasta was bland, portion sizes were way off and it was a total rip off for $14. The cashier was cold and didn't check on us once after reviving our meal. Lastly they were out of cannolis soWe stumbled upon this little gem in the Marigny! Everything we had was awesome! Fresh arugula salad, tasty bruschetta, deliciously moist meatballs and great chicken Alfredo. Even enjoyed an awesome Italian soda while we waited for our food. Everyone was so pleasant, helpful and the service was great! I can't wait to return and try more of the menu. #ThumbsUpFromAPickyItalianIt's all been said by the other reviewers. Go get you some carbalicious home made pasta and sauce and don't forget your bottle of wine (until they get their liquor license). Great food, great value, nice people.Delicious fresh pasta. Scrumptious large meatballs. Fresh yummy bruschetta. Fun, chill atmosphere.I knew Arabella was going to be as good as Yelp said it would be (even if the owner hates us!) as soon as I saw the Flying Spaghetti Monster on the wall through the window. I came because of the make your own option -- alfredo sauce was not listed under the pick your sauce menu, but it was available. The spicy meatballs weren't overly spicy, and were delicious, if a little expensive at $6/3. Worth it. The John Belu-cheese was delicious and unique as well with the whiskey sauce, and the traditional pomodoro sauce also served us well. Don't think you can go wrong here.SWEET JESUS. MAMA MIA. Have you ever wanted to take a meatball and throw it into the ocean? Even the fish wouldnt eat it. WAY too much seasoning in the balls. The SAS was a joke. SWEET JESUS. I cant even begin to explain. New Orleans aint known for its Italian. It sure aint known for this place either. If you like hipster Italian food made by a struggling artist turned Italian Specialty chef, proceed at yer own risk. Even the bread sucked. HOW DO YOU SCREW UP BREAD. Girlfriend had some crazy vegan dish so it was going to suck anyway. I tried it, and it was worse than I thought. I was visiting New Orleans and randomly remembered how awful this place was and had to let you guys know. FIX YOUR SAUCES, FIX YOUR SEASONING, Try your food! Da hell you guys doing over der.Other reviewers say just about what I have to say about the food. It was good, rib-sticking, quality pasta that my partner and I thoroughly enjoyed. We ordered the puttanesca and the mushroom pasta, and we each enjoyed both kind. I ordered iced tea, and enjoyed that too.
What stands out to me is that they pay attention to detail. Their to-go packaging held in the heat of the pasta through a drive to Chalmette and then for another bit as I waited for my partner to get home from a late night at work. The service was attentive. Their cannoli was a bit different than I expected, citrusy, but I enjoyed it for a change. I would happily eat or order food from here again.Portions are so small. More like a side dish really. It's literally a very shallow small bowl. Looks are deceiving because the rim is wide. The contents would not make a full plate not even a half plate of pasta. I like the pasta, seemed fresh and homemade but  not so much the sauce. I thought it was supposed to be vegan but tasted off maybe it had dairy in it, I don't know. I had the Pomadoro and fusilli. 
The people are nice, the cannoli is hand stuffed to order which is great but for my friend but I'm vegan and not enough options to even get full on. I left and had to make some food and dessert at home ! You should not leave hungry from a pasta restaurant. That's a sin. lol 
While I like the environment the dim lighting, lots of space and nice people, very approachable environment I would only have reason to come here if I wanted one particular side dish of pasta and maybe a glass of wine.This is a strong 4 rating.  Food was great.  It was reasonably priced and it served a good wine considering how casual the venue is.  Definitely a repeat!  Go before 8 as it gets crowded!!good fresh pasta. although for a pasta place the bread leaves a bit to be desired. not complimentary and not really Italian bread more like po'boy bread. other then that I love the food here and it is my go to pasta place a couple of times a month.Pasta was good but not great. The noodles were still a little hard, and the whole dish itself was bland in flavor. Definitely needed more sauce and flavor. I did like how we are able to customize the pasta to our liking though.
The location is also alright. My friend and I went at night and was kinda cautious of where to park and how far it is to walk there. We parked at a grocery market lot that was across the street.Yes, fresh pasta...that's about it, unless you enjoy runny and salty sauce. I know I have high expectations coming from St. Louis which has amazing Italian food, but we couldn't even finish ours. 
Don't waste the money. The only thing good is the video game.Favorite pasta spot in town. The apex of chill, there is nothing laidback about the food (which never disappoints). "The Lambotomy" is a favorite, but it's all good on St. Claude. We went there a few times in one week once, and they comped us an appetizer. That's my type of place. Drink specials are awesome. Get the Spicy Meatballs to share. Trust me. The bread alone is worth it.Tonight was my 5th time visiting Arabella (if you don't include the 2 times I've called in orders to be picked up).  
In short, I love this place. Simple, fresh food at it's most perfect, served by great folks. The dining room is a bit naked and needs some fabric on the walls (or floors) to absorb sound, but if that's the only thing I have to complain about (and it is), then we're off to a good start! 
My recommendations: Get any pasta with the funghi (mushroom cream) sauce. The piccata is awesome, too. Add sausage or shrimp. Get some asparagus tossed in.  Make sure the table gets a side of their amazing melt-in-your-mouth spicy meatballs with some crusty bread (my wife usually just gets meatballs as her meal and I steal some). 
To take it up a notch: order an Italian soda with your meal. Bring in a bottle of wine or stop next door to grab a cocktail on your way in. Finish your experience with a fresh cannoli and hot latte. 
Hidden gems: The TARDIS in the bathroom. The inked eye-candy staff.Found out about this place from Michael Murphy's book All Dat.  It's in the Marigny neighborhood just a short Uber from anywhere in the Quarter.  No wait on a weeknight, no reservations required. Super casual. Unusual set up. It looks like a bar. You order at the bar, are given a number, and the food is brought to your table.  Moderate seating, not loud.  My wife ordered the Pumpkin Pasta which we never heard of before.  Absolutely wonderful. I got the Rigatoni with meatballs.  The sauce was homemade and authentic.  Wine prices reasonable enough to get a bottle.  I was told this was the best Italian food in NO.  I'd say it was adequate to quench my Italian appetite but far from the best.Quick service meal. Great flavors. Fun atmosphere. Kind of loud but the food was really above expectation. The spaghettisburg address is kind of spicy and the meatballs are just the right density to grab the sauce for each bite!! Place was clean staff was friend. Can't wait to return.This place has a lot of potential. It has great ambiance and the vibe is mellow and comfortable. The music is great. They have a decent bar with a good selection of beers and cocktails. The pasta is bland. There's a lot of potential there and it's obvious whoever created the menu understands pasta, but the kitchen isn't pulling it together, which is a shame. We had the Fredo and the Jack Bleu Cheese and both were bland and disappointing. The pasta is solid-the sauces and execution of dishes really needs some work. I do hope that this place picks up the pace and thrives. I love the concept and the feel, but the pasta is mediocre at best.I'm 35 year F&B. I've been trying this spot since they opened and it has much to recommend it. I prefer my pasta "normale", which is softer than "al dente". Every time I ask for softer pasta and every time they ignore my request. This time, I came in after suffering through 5 days of liquid diet following surgery. For my first solid food, a plate of "well-done" pasta as the owner put it. Al dente. Again.Great cozy build it your self pasta joint. Got to talk to the owner when we were sitting at the bar and he was super laid back. Will definitely be backI had the "children of the corn" special, it was spicy and a good sized portion. I was a little disappointed that it was served with previously frozen shrimp, but it  was a $12 bowl of pasta so there's that. 
I would go back to try another pasta option and try the desserts, they were unfortunately sold out tonight. Either that or the staff was overwhelmed by the dinner rush...there were at least 40 people inside when I got there after 8pm.The spicy red pepper sauce was addictive. Portions were perfect. The service was exceptional, they catered to our two munchkins! You can't leave without trying the bruschetta. We even got to see the cooks make the fettuccine fresh.This place hits all the right notes for me. First you got fresh pasta dishes that you can create or just get the ones they concoct, salad and apps for those who want variety, reasonable prices and best of all for me as a traveling is the normal sized portions that you can actually finish and not feel guilty about leaving leftovers. Being a tourist I am not used to this large southern portions at most places and of course really don't want to carry leftovers around town. Here you will get what in my opinion is a normal sized serving that will leave you full, it is also easy to make a judgement on portion by looking around at the other diners plates. This place had such good food we visited twice on the last trip.This pasta bar hit the spot Saturday night! Traveling with 5 hungry girls, each with their own dietary preferences, it's difficult finding a dinner spot that everyone can agree upon and enjoy.  Thanks to Yelp I found Arabella and everyone enjoyed their pasta dinners.  The prices are very reasonable here, and despite scoring the last empty table our food came out pretty quick.  Best part was all the menu options and being able to build your own pasta dish.  I chose an arugula salad which was a good portion for the price and had a yummy vinegarette.  My dinner was fusilli pasta with a creamy mushroom sauce, and I added shrimp & asparagus.  Again the portion was large for the size, the dish came with tons of shrimp that were cooked nicely, and I really enjoyed the sauce.  Fyi This place is casual, and the staff was a bit overwhelmed by the Saturday night crowd.  They didnt seem to have a good system for getting orders to the right tables, and they could learn a lesson on pleasant phone etiquette.  But otherwise we all enjoyed our dinners and I'd def go back again.This was my second time here and I was equally underwhelmed. Both times my pasta was dry. The linguini was thick, pasty, and very heavy. Maybe a thinner pasta and side of sauce would fix the problem, and I'd be willing to try this spot once more due to the nice ambiance and convenient location. 
I had amazing company who frequent this place, and they assured me it was an off night. When I commented on the cashier's attitude (she seemed irritated with her job, patrons, or both), one of my friends said she was usually very nice and must be overwhelmed because it was busier than usual. Then she brought my dish, I thanked her, and she responded "mmm hmmm". My friend then agreed this was not the usual experience. 
In all, I can see why people like it here because the menu is fun, and other dishes may be better executed.  But I don't like to feel like I'm inconveniencing staff, and I didn't ask for anything to be fixed because the reception was already so cold. There are a lot of nearby options like Kebab or the Russian spot inside Siberia that have more attentive service and better food...so try those.Really delicious and cute atmosphere! My friend and I went here because it was close to our airbnb and were really impressed. Of course the menu allows you to customize a pasta dish which is fun and some of the sauces sounded delicious, but we both ordered some of the preplanned pastas. I got the spaghettisburg address and she got the john belu-cheese. We both loved our foods. The noodles clearly taste homemade and the sauce and meatballs in mine were so good.Absolutely delicious. I had the black pepper fettuccini with the parmesan cheese sauce and it was probably the best pasta I've eaten. Everything tasted fresh and didn't feel nearly as heavy and processed as somewhere like olive garden. The interior was decked out in Star Wars posters and the bathroom door had the TARDIS painted on it. I would definitely come back!Abby and her crew were spectacular hosts!  Great food, fabulous atmosphere.  Thanks for a magical evening.3/5 stars for food, 5/5 for service and experience. 
This place was really hit or miss. Some of their dishes were really good but others were not. I ordered the Marco Pollo and there was not a lot of flavor. No garlic or white wine flavor. The tomatoes seemed out of place also. The lambotomy on the other hand was extremely flavorful and tasty! The bruschetta was also very good as well as the tiramisu. A friend ordered the John Blue Cheese and said the blue cheese was overwhelming. I also tried the pineapple cocktail but I wish I just opted for a glass of wine. 
Definitely worth trying out, it is pretty affordable. The staff are all really friendly and the outdoor seating is nice and heated. One unique thing about this place is that the price includes tax AND tip! Don't forget to make a reservation online ahead of time :)Love coming here always order the Caesar salad when you come the dressing is made in house and it's more green then hearts in the salad!!!!! The pasta is always good. I come here so much lol and I can't get tired.Incredible food and great service. This is me and my SO's "go-to spot." Casual, laid back, and the best pasta. Highly recommend.9ne of the best new places in town. Finally pasta and gray for under $20! I am now a regular. Tried 1/2 dozen dishes and enjoyed them all. Portions are ideal. Ordering  and service is flawlesss. Servers are a different corps and great fun. Steeet parking only. You gotta go there.The find of this year. Terrific Italian food at the right price. Noisy but comfortable ambiance. Located in the trendiest area. I will be back and often.I received good reviews for Arabella from a coworker after I vaguely asked for a suggestion for a good dinner option. My friends and I headed to Arabella for Saturday night dinner. The restaurant was not full, but all tables were either occupied or parties had left and the tables had not been cleared or cleaned. When I walked in, I was the only person awaiting seating so I asked for a table for 3. A party of 6 walked in after me, ordered at the bar and got a table cleaned and seated. As one of the employees was delivering food and drinks to some tables she said she'd clear a table for us shortly. 
We still waited for a clean table minutes later. My friend walked around the restaurant viewing the artwork and quirky chalkboards and finally noticed an empty clean  table near the back by the kitchen. We claimed that one, then headed to the bar to place our orders. My friends ordered fettuccines and I ordered a glass of red wine, bruschetta, and the meatballs. We were given our table toppers and proceeded back to the table. Minutes later I see one of the employees at the pasta making station making pasta and I realized no one was bringing my wine. I head back to the bar to retrieve my wine and the other employee thought that another employee would bring it to me. 
Our food came out pretty fast. Overall I was satisfied with my bruschetta as it was plentiful of tomatoes and tasty balsamic and my meatballs were huge accompanied with French bread. My friends on the other hand were disappointed with their pastas as they thought it too al dente. The complained that their jaws were hurting from chewing and I thought they were exaggerating until I tasted it and they were right. The pasta is definitely made in house as you can see the employees prepare it, so you know it is fresh, but it's just not cooked! Even throughout Italy, I've never experienced pasta that was this poorly cooked, to where it seemed like it was simply blanched. 
Overall, my experience was pretty meh. I'm not sure if I'll be returning, but if I do it won't be anytime soon. 
Lastly, I was a bit turned off by the check in offer of the owner/manager stating they'll tell us exactly why they hate Yelp. Imo more successful businesses utilize this platform to interact with their customers, listen to their shining moments as well as customers pain points to improve their business and customer experience. When I saw the notification of the check in offer, I wasn't expecting a percentage off or a free appetizer or anything, but what I did see was off putting. It made me feel like Yelpers were not welcomed and in this day and time, many businesses still receive customers from word of mouth recommendations and having an online presence.I'm kind of a snob when it comes to Italian food since New Haven has some of the best in my opinion. This place got good reviews and the prices seemed good. I was pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious, especially the meatballs! The portions were a good size and the staff is friendly. They also have a lot of awesome craft beers on tap to try and great wine options. Definitely worth checking out.Affordable hand-crafted pasta dishes?! Indeed it is true!! 
This spot is definitely one of the more unique restaurants in the city. It's a causal atmosphere where you can mix and match sauces, pastas, and proteins to build your own dish. Or, go with a ready made classic like the John Belu-cheese(!)
This is my go-to spot for a meal before seeing art or music on st Claude. Delish dishes, wine, and cannolis, great staff and humorous sci-fi decor. 
My only complaint is that they're sometimes out of my favorite cannoli. ...it's pistachio.Not a fan of their garlic bread. Bread is super fresh, but I don't like the preparation of it. The butter and garlic is on top of the loaf and not thoroughly soaked into the bread. That's my only dislike.
Whether dining in, ordering take-out or getting it delivered, we have yet to be disappointed. Pre-pandemic and during pandemic, food has been consistently fresh, consistently tasty, and consistently consistent. I love the texture of their pastas and the sauces are delicious. 
Hipster? Sure. 
Quality? Absolutely.
Watered-down? Absolutely NOT,
not in my opinion.Great FOOD! We enjoyed it fully! This owner puts it all out there - the Pasta is fantastic 3 meat Meatballs and Sauce ( Gravy) is really Good and the Cannolis are wonderful even made it to my liking- minus the chocolate for me and chocolate for hubby! 
Prices are reasonable too! 
Cant wait to get it again when we are in the area!found just what i was looking for in the spicy tomato cream sauce. very good and pretty good sizing for priceA great place to eat. Food is spectacular.  Their meatballs are some of the best in the city. Pasta are flavorful and they offer a good selection of pasta.  Every person that I have sent all raves about that Ceasar salad....hail Ceasar!!!
The prices are very reasonable.  You could easily pass it up when looking for it. As you enter, you order at the register.  You can sit in the cozy courtyard and enjoy your mealA fun little pasta joint. Low key and casual, always have a good hAppy hour special. Love the John lemon pasta dish, the Caesar salad is good, and we enjoyed the meat balls. I didn't love their cannoli, the taste of the shell threw off the dessert.