I really wanted to like this place. Margaritas were decent but the food was pretty bland. Nothing exciting (particularly when we went with the waiter's picks of must have). This place really nice to step up their game if the want to last in NOLA amongst all the other amazing restaurants in town.Never again....authentic mexican....no
Best thing about this place was the drinks...they do have good drinks. 
I'd skip this place and head to el gato any day.Great stop for HH -- half price tacos and margaritas. What more can you ask for? The staff is wonderful but the place can get pretty packed. Some tacos were better than others (grilled fish, lengua, chipotle shrimp and fried shrimp were favorites at the table, while Baja fish was the definite loser). Margaritas are delicious (have around 5 seasonal flavors), and their other drinks are nice and stiff. I don't know if I'd venture out of my way if it wasn't HH honestly because they are a bit expensive otherwise, but would come back for HH in a heartbeat.The most average of meals on a street with dozens of great places.  The service was actually below average - unfriendly, inattentive and sparse.  The taqueria doesn't serve chips automatically like most places - you have to order them with salsa or guac. The guac was far from fresh - tasted like it had been sitting out all day. The shrimp in tacos were overcooked and uninspired.  Restaurants in New Orleans are supposed to know how to serve shrimp. Do yourself a favor and pick one of the other fine places on Magazine - I'm sorry we didn't !Ridiculously awesome tacos and drinks, exacerbated by the fact that they were 1/2 price between 3 and 7. Great service and great local atmosphere. Highly recommend.Excellent bar. Good food. Attentive servers. Wonderful hip decor. A great value. Especially at happy hour. STOP comparing this place to Rum House. If you want a good taco minus the backwards baseball caps and LSU T shirts then Arana is the place to go.We tried this on a Saturday afternoon and figured this would be a good place for some authentic tacos. This is not that spot. Drinks were ok and we did order tacos. However, for what we order the bill was a bit steep. The ambiance is great but that's essentially what you're paying for. Unfortunately, it has been a while since we've gone back but we've chalked this up to a place for "hipster" crowd who is mostly drinking and snacking in a nice environment--not street tacos.Great tostado and perfect for Sunday brunch. I had the bottomless margarita. Small restaurant but very cool looking. They have the best pickled slaw- def ask for this!We went during happy hour, excellent drunken horchatas and Mexican sliced punch. The El Pastor tacos were great and the queso fundido with in house made chorizo was delicious. We're from Vegas and have eaten at some of the best places. This little place on Magazine St knows what they're doing.I was going to give this place a 3.5 until the third of three tacos fell apart in my hand because the tortilla was so stale and dry. The shrimp smelled fishy, the fish was a lump instead of strips, and the carne asada was on the chewy side. Then I decided a 2.5 was more than adequate, until I realized Yelp only allows whole digit ratings. In my estimation, a simple, fresh, flavorful taco is the bare standard of quality for a Mexican/Latin American restaurant. Freshness is perhaps the most important quality, and the tortilla is the foundation. Fail this, and you lose all credibility.. Otherwise, the bad club scene music and TV's playing sports are an undesirable cultural distraction, and the bathrooms weren't clean, which in my experience says something about the cleanliness of the kitchen. A 2.0 rating seems just about right.Not only does this place have a killer happy hour, but it's one of the few places in the city that can cook tongue properly. Tongue tacos are amazing and I've never had a bad experience here. Recommend!If I could give it a -5 review I would. My boyfriend visited the establishment for a late lunch 4/25/18 and we were seated outside upon arrival. However after receiving menus from the waiter and seated outside he NEVER came back to our table. Keep in mind there were only two other tables seated outside and one inside. Fast forward 15 minutes and a couple enters the restaurant with a child and my boyfriend asks me to observe the waiter's response to the table. I observed the table receiving menus and water within two minutes. I proceeded to enter the place to voice my concerns in regards to the service and the waiter stated, "I'm sorry it's just bad communication." He never tried to rectify the matter. Needless to say I will not return after being so excited to try the place.The chips, salsa and guacamole was good, probably a 7 or 7.5. However, I can't say the same for the food. The chef tried to do this new type of "infusion" which makes the food um-eatable. Pickled tacos, not sure that's even a "thing". The open face chicken tamale was luke warm and simply not good. Service was excellent and our waiter was personable and super friendly, just wish the food matched the excellent service!I really enjoyed myself here. The staff was very friendly. I went during brunch for bottomless margaritas. The margarita is very tasty and strong, not watered down as you would think when they serve them bottomless. I ordered the quesadilla with chicken and it was tasty. The salsa we got spicy, but for me personally, it was a tad too spicy. My friend enjoyed it though. The restaurant itself was on the smaller side but in a great location next door to the bull dog. Definitely a top brunch destination for me!The owner contacted me after reading my Yelp review. He was very receptive to constructive criticism and not defensive at all. His restaurant is his baby and he wants to make sure everything is perfect when he is there and when he is not. He immediately addressed my criticisms and everything is perfect again. I definitely recommend Arana for their delicious food, awesome happy hour, people watching and a great location on Magazine Street. Thank you Rich for taking the time to connect with your customers! You're the best!This place is phenomenal! From the tacos to the enchiladas, the entradas to the daily tamale, you can't go wrong. Without a doubt try whatever tamale they have for the day, 9 times out of 10 it is spot on, and even on that off day it's still pretty darn delicious. Not too many places can you throw a dart at the menu, take a chance at something new and enjoy it with little to no hesitation!!
Oh, and the staff are as kind and personable as can be! Always an added bonus!Disappoinement.  Decent atmosphere.  I hear the drinks are good.  
Service decent.  But the food was tasteless, bland, & dry.  Overall $$ expensive for what it offers.  Probably appeals to the post-college crowd.  But won't last long in my opinion.....We come here often- great happy hour mon-fri 3-7, 1/2 price drinks and tacos.  Great margaritas, great tacos, great service.Probably my new favorite happy hour spot. 3-7 with half price margaritas and tacos. 
People need to stop with the comparison to Rum House, it's a false equivalency. The space is great and has a nice vibe. Our server, Isaac, was attentive but not overbearing and very genuine, which I feel is a rarity with servers in our fair town.  
My strawberry margarita was delicious, not too sweet with muddled strawberries. I had the Baja fish and carne asada tacos, my husband had the al pastor and pibil tacos The best tacos ever? No, but at HH prices, generously portioned and a tasty treat. My biggest complaint? The tortillas aren't up to par and tacos should be double tortilla-ed, otherwise you end up with torn taco syndrome.
Araña probably needs time to find it's footing, but I think it's got a nice foundation and we'll definitely be back to try more.Salty chips, salty steak fajitas, awful pork. Flan was inedible. Won't be back. Cute place though.This place is incredible. By far the best Mexican food in the south. The margaritas and perfect and the wait staff is fast and courteous. We walked in on a whim on a Sunday morning and I cannot believe how amazing the Chilaquiles with pibil (slow roasted pork) was. The tostada with its pickled slaw was also refreshing and perfect for a hot New Orleans day. This is an absolute must for anyone looking to try something outside of creole cooking food on Magazine.Came here Saturday. Waitress was excellent (girl with dreads).
Food still poorly executed for Mexican standards. I'd suggest that if they insist on serving bag tortillas, just make the order of three tacos to maybe add "value". But $5 a taco seems steep for what you get. 
I ordered the carne asada salad, tasted great but seems more of an appetizer than a meal portion. May I suggest maybe chopping the lettuce.
Location still is awesome.My friends and I decided to go to their happy hour before the saints game. It was beyond slammed for their half off tacos and drinks. Their house margarita was very delicious. I would order all of their tacos again except for the fried chicken and buttermilk taco. It was over fried to a crisp. The queso and chips were delish! The waiter was very nice, but had many tables to work with that day. He was supposed to split our check for couples, but then the system did not let him. So we had to sit there for a bit calculating everything up. But with as busy as he was, he always made sure we were doing well!Delicious, reasonably priced, very friendly waitstaff. Strongest margaritas on Magazine St. My wife confirms!!The service was good. The drunken horchata was amazing, as was the veggie option taco (though it needed to be doubled layered because it fell apart). I was disappointed with the spicy shrimp - hardly anything in it. They have a great happy hour deal of half off drinks and tacos, from 3-7p. Go then!!!For a city that doesn't have very good Mexican food, Arana is a nice addition.  That being said, it's still working out some of the kinks.  We ate there on a Friday night during happy hour.  Whoever sat us decided not to speak to us...simply to point and throw menus on the tables, which was weird in a place that small and that crowded. We ordered chips and salsa and they were out of chips. I ordered a glass of Vinho Verde and they were out. About half way through sitting there, someone walked in with a giant container of bleach and went into the back.  The entire restaurant (which is not very big) smelled like bleach for a good 10 or 15 minutes. This might be the fault of the people sitting next to us, but it sure was loud.  I had to ask our poor waiter to repeat everything two or three times. However, the tacos were good and you can't beat the happy hour prices. Our waiter ended up bringing us some chips and salsa on the house and if you check in on facebook, you get a free dessert.  The bill for two people ended up being $15 and the waiter was great.  I can excuse the learning curve they're clearly going through.  I'll definitely try this place again and hopefully they'll have everything on the menu.Guacamole was good but their hot salsa is top shelf. Baka fish taco (**** stars) and most filling.  Lengua and nopales look plain (**** stars) but are tender and tasty.  Nopales could use some braised tomato and onion to finish them off.  The pastor was a bit dry (*** stars) the mole tacos taste better on flour tortilla (*** stars) baja shrimp taco was (***** stars) main event today.  They have a 3-7 happy hours where all menu tacos and drinks are half off.  Parking is always a bear here but the staff and chefs are friendly and available.  They offer aguas that's they turn into margaritas which are great as well.  All in all seems like a grey place for lunch brunch or drinks with your pals.Just OK -- food isn't that great and the place isn't that clean. However if you want a Margarita .. the Champagne Margarita is good! They also have pitchers for happy hour pricing .Great margaritas! I recommend the pink rose lemon and the champagne margaritas! Happy hour prices are great. Tacos are small but good. Queso was really delicious but not hot. Had it sent back and it returned the same temperature. But great for happy hour!Awesome service and the open face tamale appetizer was fantastic. Creative and tasty cocktail menu.Araña Taqueria Y Cantina kept showing up in publications all over the city so after reading about the "spider" restaurant many times, decided to try it one weekend.  I love all cuisine Latin inspired so it wasn't a tough sell.  Right in the middle of magazine street, it's a perfect lunch spot.  Food was great, service was great, drinks were great - very enjoyable meal.  Definitely would recommend trying Araña Taqueria Y Cantina.Food was delicious and the Bloody Mary was great, however, there were only two waiters in the whole joint to serve the customers. I feel bad for the waiters but not for management... It's frustrating when you have to wait 15 minutes for your Bloody Mary.Absolutely the Best Authentic Mexican Cuisine you'll ever experience!!! One word Mole' !!!!If you read my reviews, you would know that I almost never write a negative review. My partner and I love to eat, and we are super easy to serve. We went to this place because it was close to a parade, and frankly, because Rum House had a looooong wait. We sat outside, which was lovely. It took forever before our server came out. We ordered the nachos as an appetizer, and Margaritas. Now, the Margaritas are quite strange. They have a weird color, and boy are they sour! The Nachos were meh. Our server forgot us, again, but we finally placed our order, and then waited a bit longer for our food. The place was almost empty, so I don't understand the delays. Now, for the awful part: When our food was served, all four of us noticed that our server's hands and NAILS were filthy. I mean, crusty, foul looking, haven't been washed for days, gross. We almost left then. But, we were hungry, and used tons of hand sanitizer. I am a big girl, and eat almost anything, but this meal was terrible. The tacos were cold and soggy, and the hockey pucks of rice and beans tasted like pure nothing. I kept quiet until my three companions added their opinions, which were similar. I won't return, mainly because of the poor service, and being completely grossed out by our server's lack of cleanliness. I will wait, no matter how long, at Rum House. Yuk.All I can say is PRAISE THE LORD baby jesus for this place! Thank the gods FINALLY there is some amazing Mexican food in this town... FINALLY!  Not only is the food INCREDIBLE and extremely reasonably priced, but the staff is AWESOME-- so friendly and lovely (love that Natalie!) AND the atmosphere is very cool and relaxing.  We had the queso fundido AND the carne asada tacos and fish tacos... I am STILL savoring the delicious, juicy, savory delectableness of that carne asada.  The fish was fried ever so delicately not to overwhelm you with greasiness.  The ingredients were ALL SO FRESH -- you could tell from not only the several layers of flavor that just kept coming, but also from the fact that I PIGGED out hard and still didn't feel disgustingly full-- a sure sign of quality food!    The amazing Chef Richard came out and talked to us when we were all ooo-ing and aw-ing and drooling all over the place and he was SO delightful and had all the time in the world (despite being busy) to talk with us- AND he sent us a comped tres leches which was TO DIE FOR.
I will be back here every day of my entire life.   I give it 10 million stars.This is a storefront restaurant in the historic Uptown Magazine St. shopping district. The exterior is plain and the interior has a "contemporary Mexican" design. I ordered the Two Tacos Plate (one pork & one ground beef) with two sides (Grilled Mexican Vegetables & Mexican Rice) for $11.00. It was quite delicious and perfectly seasoned. I would recommend this place and would go again. RJTStopped in b/c their sign advertised $2margs and come on, who can resist that??
We had chips and queso, fajitas, and margaritas. What better way to start your new year. I also had coquito ( Puerto Rican egg nog)- I was impressed they had it. I don't know that I've ever seen it out before. It was ok. I forgot traditionally it has egg yolk in it so it wasn't going to be 100% authentic. And I'm used to it being mostly 151.
We had good meals, good service, and good drinks in a welcoming atmosphere. What else could you ask for?Great food. Great atmosphere. Friendly and knowledgeable service. Easy on the Washingtons. What more can you ask for?It was just okay.  I had the chicken enchiladas.  I thought they were small.  Flavor was okay.  Nothing to brag about.  Not saying that  I will never go there again but I am in no rush!The excellent happy hour at Arana bumps this taco joint from a 3-star to a 4-star review.
I recently made my first trip and I'll probably be back at some point. And probably before 7:00, when happy hour ends. Half off drinks and tacos?! Hard to beat that.
My wife and I met up with a friend. We had a pitcher of margaritas and a couple of other drinks. Some guac and queso for the table. And then wife and I each had 3 tacos. All of this came out to less than $60 for the two of us (and just under $30 for our other friend). We all left full and happy, which is exactly the point.
And the drinks aren't watered down, either. In fact, they're quite strong. The girls needed go-cups for theirs and I wasn't drinking too heavily because I had to drive. Next time, I'm taking an Uber!
This space has been several different restaurants in the last few years. I hope Arana and it's great happy hour will be here to stay.I was here with a large group (20 people) and the service was terrible. To begin, it took 15 minutes for the waiter to even approach the table to ask about drinks and appetizers. Then, when we finally put our food orders, half the table got their food first and we're basically done when the other half got their food. Also, they had a hard time splitting check and it took a very long time. They also did not have a good dessert for a birthday celebration. The food was fine but the service was not. I will not go back.One of the best in the city for cocktails. My fav was the jalapeño pineapple cilantro margarita. The bartender was pretty awesome too. As far as the food, I just had the grilled fish tacos which were pretty good. Great service. Great food. Great drinks.Arana offers one of my favorite happy hours! From 3-7 they have half price drinks and tacos. Their Verde salsa is to die for and I like to get extra to put on my tacos! I've never had a taco there that I didn't like but the pibil is my absolute favorite. Do yourself a favor and have a margarita. Even the house margaritas are fabulous, made with fresh lime juice! Do yourself a favor and check this place out!Delicious tacos, and the jalapeño pineapple cilantro margarita is a must. They also have excellent happy hour prices for drinks and tacos. But we were shocked at how embarrassingly small the $11 ceviche was. It tasted delicious, but we all agreed that it would not be something any of us ordered again at this restaurant as many other places around town have equally delicious ceviche in much more reasonable portions for the price.The meat in the tacos was the best I've ever had, with unusual spices. I had Al Pastor, Pibil, and Fish. It was all exceptionally tender and well prepared. We loved the guacamole. Jicama salad was a very nice palate cleanser - great for hot weather.  The margarita pitchers are a great deal during happy hour. Beware - they are stronger than they seem. I'm looking forward to trying the various tequilas - huge flight menu.  It's a funny coincidence we ran into so many people we know there - it's one of those kind of places.  I'm sure you'll run into people you know there too . . . .
Also, our server was very nice.  She was there when it was Byblos too, we remembered.We came here Friday afternoon during happy hour since we needed an outside seat where we could sit with the dog.  Good place and the prices during happy hour are great.  I had a mojito and a margarita, both very good.  The pulled pork taco and the guacamole are amazing.  Our server was also very good, attentive and friendly.  We'll definitely be going back!Honestly, the only reason I'm even giving this place 3 stars is because the service was great. The food was mediocre at best and the drinks were pretty awful. We ordered a top shelf margarita and it was almost undrinkable. Wayyyyy too sweet. Then for an appetizer we ordered the Queso Fundido. Maybe I'm biased because my grandma used to make the best Queso Fundido, but Arana's was pretty lackluster. It was essentially solidified/overcooked cheese and was served with crumbly corn tortillas that were falling apart. We ordered tacos for an entree since they were half off for happy hour and yet again, we were unimpressed. My shrimp taco had 2 pieces of shrimp and is normally EIGHT DOLLARS. Are you kidding me? The fried chicken one had old lettuce and the lengua tacos were way overcooked. I would have probably lost my shit if I would've had to pay full price for our food. All in all, I'd say keep walking down the block and go to Rum House for an amazing Mexican/Carribean fusion experience.IT'S VERY GOOD.
The wife and I came here more than a few months ago and I remember being pleased but not overwhelmed, especially in light of the fact that Taqueria Corona, the best kept secret on Magazine, is right down the street. The food at Arana is not as good as TC, but Arana does have better ambiance and a superior bar. If you're looking for some decent Mexican themed cocktails, this is the place to go.Food is average. I have had better Mexican food in this area. Waiters are nice. Don't order coffee. We had grill fish burrito and shrimp taco. They are good portion of food but a bit on salty side. Anyway it is a good stop if you want to grab a drink and chips, and some simple lunch.Awful service. Got the feeling they did not want us there. Terrible food and drinks. Never again.This place will not be open long unless they completely change everything. The service was slow when there was hardly a soul to be seen. The food was bland...just no flavor at all. It tasted like nothing. The only sides are grilled green onions, rice or beans. I had the onions and beans which were bland and I'm not sure how you are supposed to eat stringy cooked long green onions that won't even cut. We had the house margaritas which were kinda off tasting. They were sourish. Not good at all. Best margaritas are at Juan's and Rum House which are very close by so go there instead.Great specials on Thursdays! Excellent authentic Mexican food. Tried the esquites and nopales tacos for $2 during happy hour, to die for. Quick service and friendly waitstaff. And they bring you free chips while you wait! Definitely a must try in New Orleans, especially if you're a local.The guacamole is fresh and delicious. New Orleans has many Mexican restaurants and there's nothing that sets this one apart. Chicken tinga was bland, service was polite and prompt. 
All in all it's a fine spot, but nothing makes it stand out.While the happy hour prices can't be beat (Half off tacos and drinks) the taste was severely lacking.  Their tortillas are dry and hard to chew.  Unfortunate because the chef and staff were extremely friendly!  Tried their mezcal flight which was interesting.Happy hour is the best in town. Food is amazing and customer service is even better. Magazine Street has a lot of options but you can't go wrong with this place. Highly recommend!!OK so I rated this place with three stars. I wanted to rate it with a 3.6 but definitely not four stars. 
Allow me to explain.
First let me say that this place is happening. It looks cool, very original and is located in the coolest part of town. Can't beat Magazine St. It's hip, not as touristy or cheesy as some parts of town. This place is oozes with Baja California coolness. That's unique for uptown New Orleans.
Now let's talk about the food. We ordered two carne asada tacos, one taco al pastor, one chorizo taco and an order of nachos with beans. 
The tortilla nacho appetizers were great. It came with beans, real Mexican cheese (queso fresco... Not that texmex cheddar crap you get in other places), and with some sort of molé that tasted great. For that dish alone Araña gets passes with flying colors.
The tacos were all nicely plated. Where I felt let down was that they use machine made, bag tortillas. 
I originally ordered lengua tacos but they were out. :(  
The carne asada tacos tasted good but the meat seemed more of a stew then actually grilled beef strips which should be drier; overall it was ok. The taco al pastor was good, but nothing to rave about other than it was pretty. Then last I ordered the chorizo taco which was horrible. Why? It was salty as f#$k! I barely ate. I used the nachos off my appetizer to soften the unbearably salty punch eat bite delivered. 
Here's the thing, if you're a gringo that's never had a street taco with from an illegal Mexican and all you know is Taco Bell or Superior Grill... You might think this is great. Me on the other hand, have savoured mystery meat tacos from non-english speaking illiterate "paisas" that'll put any item off Arana's menu to shame. To add insult to injury, each taco is about $5 for one. Nothing wrong with that if you consider that you're not paying for the taco but for that huge ass spider in the wall. 
Like I said, the place is cool but for a good for a great taco I suggest follow the guys hanging out Home Depot around lunch time.This place is great! if you are looking for a cute and good brunch place this is it. they have $18 bottomless mimosas, margaritas and bloody marys. I ordered the breakfast tostada and it was way better than I expected. The pork was great and plates have a good size!Love this place especially for their generous happy hour from 3-7 pm daily during weekdays. My go to is their pineapple jalapeño margarita and the fajitas. Definitely one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in the city!This place was terrible. The service was decent, during a Saints game so a bit loud, but not bad. The food was really sub par, but the real shock was, after ordering off of a very abbreviated "Brunch" menu, the bill came for $75! We had 2 bloody marys at the "bottomless" for $18 price, 1 bloody mary that was ordered ala carte, chips with queso, and 2 carne asada breakfast burritos. SEVENTY FIVE DOLLARS before tip! The carne asada tasted like they scraped the grill with a dirty brush, and used the charred grease scrapings to season the meat. There was cold pico, scrambled egg and black beans inside this dry breakfast burrito, all of which were devoid of flavor, besides burned grill taste. All of this would not have bothered me that much except when the gotcha bill came. Never again.Popped in to try out the Happy Hour, as Arana is in my new hood. Crystal was the bartender. She answered my questions about drinks and was very helpful. The Happy Hour pricing when I visited was half off tacos and most margaritas. Their modest sized soft tacos are about 5 bucks a piece, so they were $2.50! I got four. They were all good, but the Gringo Taco stood out from the pack (yum)! The Carne (steak) was also very good. The fried chicken (good) and grilled fish (bland) will probably be passed up next time. My half priced jalapeño, pineapple margarita was very, very good, and at $4.50, a steal! All in, my bill before tip was $16! Definitely a deal at Happy Hour! The decor is awesome!!! Big Muerta Mask Spider on the wall!Note: This review is strictly for Arana's margaritas. With that said, I like them!
Made an impromptu stop here during their happy hour, M-F 3-7, where ALL their drinks and tacos are 1/2 off. Decided on a house rocks with salt ($4) and was not disappointed. They aren't too sweet and the lime-salt was great. 
The restaurant atmosphere was lively and they have a few tables outside, but with this summer heat sitting out there during happy hour times may not be very pleasant. 
Service was on-point-- attentive, but not overly done, and friendly. 
Overall, I have to go back soon to give their tacos a try and drown in margaritas!I would have given them three or four stars except they served me rotten fish in the fish tacos. Seriously, only a cook with no sense of smell could not whiff rotten fish. And then you cook it and smells even worse. On top of that, it got past the chef expediting. I would rather have gotten a live (or dead!) cockroach in my food than rotten protein. Cockroach is accidental, bad fish shows that the place is too cheap to toss it and/or hires incompetent cooks. For me, this is the worst thing a kitchen can do. After I complained, they only took off that one taco off the check. Any nice place would have comped my meal. I do like their margaritas, but at $10, them's NYC prices. Authentico Mexicano? No.I can here for our annual friendsgiving and the food was great. The happy hour doesn't end until 7 pm, Monday-Friday, so I was able to get three champagne margaritas in (half price!!) at that time.   We also got some delicious tacos (half price) while we were at happy hour.
We split three salsas, the queso, and the guac. I wasn't really impressed by the guac, the cheese was different (baked cheese and you pulled it apart) and the salsas were just ok.
The service was ok, I was a little disturbed that the bathroom did not have soap in it when I went to the bathroom, but I told our waitress and hopefully she did something about it.  
Overall, I would come back here because it was some pretty decent Mexican food.Celebrating V Day with brunch that has bottomless mimosas, margaritas and bloody Mary's. And probably some tequila.Loved it! Came in for lunch because the R House was packed. Great service, great food. Would definitely go back.The happy hour is a pretty good deal. I tried three tacos: fried chicken, lengua, and carne asada. Next time, I will get 3 fried chicken tacos. I agree with most reviewers that they don't have the best tacos but y'all, the fried chicken one is bangin. If you're in the area during happy hour, go eat all the fried chicken tacos.On a Sunday morning, we opted to drive to the Garden District before making our 2 hour drive home from New Orleans. We stopped in at Arana for brunch. The outside seating had a nice appeal! However, this was the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant. We ordered off of the brunch menu, and it took almost an hour, only for our plates to come out cold. The amount of time didn't make sense for the number of people in the restaurant. The sandwich my boyfriend ordered came out with burnt cheese and no eggs as it should have. We should have waited the hour wait down the street to be seated instead of coming to this place!!This was the first place we randomly stopped at on Magazine Street in NOLA. The happy hour is ON POINT. Half price drinks and appetizers? Yes!
Had a pineapple jalapeno margarita - so tasty. My favorite though, was the spicy watermelon cooler. That was a stand out, delicious drink - not sweet, very watermelon-y, and very refreshing.
The food was good. Not crazily exceptional, but fresh, well made and tasty. It's worth it to pop in here for a happy hour now and then, sit outside, and watch the goings on at the Breaux Mart across the street.Found this place thru Gambit's summer restaurant guide. Man, it was amazing. The hubby and I are nacho connoisseurs and these are just awesome. Ordered the pork nachos. They came with the most delicious enchilada sauce on them (bonus points)!!  The open face tamale was delicious (no wonder gambit recommended it). We tried a variety of their margarita and tequila based drinks and each one was a winner. Jeff the bartender was great at making recommendations based on what we liked.  We'll definitely be back!Oh man, Rich makes the best black beans.
The chicken mole was so smokey and juicy. Sauce was filled with flavor. Especially liked the addition of roasted pumpkin seeds thrown on top. Everything was warm and presented really well. Took no time at all to arrive. Sitting at the bar, you get great service from their very attentive bar tenders, who make some pretty neat concoctions. BTW there is an excellent tequila list. 
Gotta try the tacos at happy hour, m-f 5-7. Pork tacos are unbeatable. 
The nachos, too, gotta get the nachos. 
The cuisine is distinctly Mexican. Don't expect simple. The flavors are very complex. I really enjoyed the skirt steak too.
Great seating arrangement with unique tables and bar stools. The decor is pretty cool, and atmosphere is really great for groups of friends.
All in all, its the best Mexican cuisine I've had in town.I love this place! Best happy hour in town...3-7 half off all bar can't beat that! Oh not to mention the best bartender Danielle. She is so sweet and helpful. She knows so much about the menu and will help you with your meal at every turn.Pretty much one of the worst meals I have ever had in New Orleans. The guacamole was gross and likely made the day before as it was brown. The tacos were also disgusting....both of us only made it through one bite and we were done. It took serious willpower to swallow that one bite of reheated frozen fish. Also our server spent 30 minutes flirting with the questionable men at the bar instead of attending to the people actually eating in the restaurant. I can't say anything good about this place. Will never go back.Food inspired by the Yucatan with drink prices inspired by New York City with $4.50 Abita Amber, $5.50 Negra Modelo, $8 house margaritas (served in a small glass) and $8 for a glass of sangria. Food service is fast and the flavor of most things is good. The drink prices are too expensive and while the food is good the prices are a bit too much for what you get.  The spider theme of the interior decor is too year round Halloween for this section of town and doesn't seem to contribute anything other than scaring young children. 
My part of the bill came out to $27.16 (before tip) which was for the 3 tacos with 2 sides combo, a shared tamale, an iced tea and one house margarita.  Mexican food is cheap peasant food with most things wrapped in some form of tortilla and no valid reason to be pricey and the same goes for Mexican beer and house margaritas.  There are as good or better Mexican options in the city for a much better value on food and drinks so I'm not confident in the longevity of this place and I probably won't make many return visits.  
Tip: the à la carte seafood tacos are probably one of the better values on the menu.
Hint:  The main competition in the area for this joint is Rum House.  The drinks at Rum House are substantially cheaper and larger.Food is pretty good and it's a very convenient location. However, there is a man who works here who was acting as the makeshift hostess later at night. He had a thin build broad shoulders around 5'9" and African American (saying this description because i want management to know who he is). HE WAS SO RUDE TO US! We had said nothing to him at all. We just walked in like normal patrons. He would not make eye contact with us when we walked in (it was not busy AT ALL) he just didn't feel like getting up. Finally he gets up, still won't look at us, and says "how many?" then he doesn't even walk us to our table. Instead he points from where he's standing, in front of the doorway where we walked in, to which table we should go to. Then he promptly sits back down and resumes looking at his phone with a look on disgust on his face. He didn't even bring us menus, our server did that for us. No one wiped down our table either, it had pieces of food on it. Thankfully i carry wipes with me so i cleaned the table myself. He saw me doing it and still did not lift a finger. This employee clearly just wants to go home and can't be bothered with us which i completely understand HOWEVER you are in the service industry. This is your JOB. Suck it up buttercup. You won't be getting my business again because the standards the owners have for their employees is too low. My server was great though, so 2 stars and not 1. Still, can't imagine how bad it is for those who handled/cooked our food. Don't go here, plenty other places on magazine with amazing service.Sorry wanted to like this place..Underseasoned, over priced and unmotivated staff.Cool atmosphere but overpriced and mediocre flavorless food. It may be working out kinks but that's usually associated with service which was good.It was good!! The environment was nice, the food had a different and very unique taste! & the cook came out to our table and just hung out with us and talked. So great!Everything is very "zesty" which is interesting. The only thing that really bothered me was when we sent back a 4 dollar taco cause it was just weird. Instead of just gracefully taking it back the waitress sent out the manager who asked "is there a problem" as if we are causing a scene or something. Then he proceeded to tell us that most people aren't used to authentic Mexican food. Hmm we were both from California and sort of wanted to laugh in his face. Also, our waitress kept mispronouncing jicama lol Here is a video on how to pronounce it.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWi4x0LuO1E 
I am hoping Del Fuego is better but I am concerned this new round of " taquerias" are really just tequila bars. Real taquerias  have warm beer and cheap food!Like most others, we went for happy hour.  I almost added an extra "happy hour" star, but I'm not that easy, even after a pitcher or two of some damned good pineapple jalapeño margaritas. Can't beat the drink prices during happy hour.  Everything from the bar is half price, even the $50 tequila fights, shots and of course, the margaritas, along with the tacos, which are ok, but nothing special.  
Cool vibe and the service was spot on.  The appetizers, are so-so.  And we tried several, including chips & salsa (great chips, mediocre salsa) queso fundido, guacamole and cheese dip.  
The best part, four of us got out of there stuffed and buzzed, for $85.Tacos are delicious and authentic. Friendly and fast service. Dinner and drinks is a great deal during happy hour. Fish tacos were my favorite but it was all good.Solid food service.  A cool little spot that has its own twist on Mexican cuisine. Beers are cold and the food is good, what else do you need.Slow service and mediocre food. Took about 30-45 min to get our food after we ordered even though the entire place was empty (there was only 1 other table of people in the restaurant). When the food finally came everything was lukewarm and not very tasty. A lot of the food was too salty that some of us couldn't finish our dishes. Waitress also seemed pretty apathetic. Overall terrible experience.What can I say about this place that hasn't been already said before...
Oh wait, I've got it!    This place was so horrible that our server quit in the middle of her shift.  That's right, walked out after she handed us the tab.   We had to flag down a manager after 10 minutes to ring up the check.
By far the most comedic moment of the night was watching 3 different people try to bring someone the wrong dish.   The lady behind me sat bewildered as the food runner, manager and kitchen staff all tried to give her the same incorrect dish.   Finally the server came back and straightened things out---   only after her husband was finished with his entrée.
The drinks were horrible.  $28 for a pitcher of margarita that contained about 2 oz of alcohol.   I'm not some big lush, but our table expected something a little more than just sour mix and whatever cheap tequila they poured in there.
My friend ordered a separate side order of pickled vegetables.   They brought him the smallest little steel container of vegetables available on planet earth; I mean the thing looked like a shot glass.   And of course, it was $3.
The food that my wife and I ate was mediocre.   I've had better Mexican food from a taco truck, wait...  I've had better Mexican from taco bell.
And yes, there isn't one Mexican cook at this "authentic" Mexican restaurant. 
If you want a fun night, grab a glass of wine and read the rest of the reviews for this place...I like this place. what a happy hour! None of this dollar off crap. 1/2 price beer, wine, margaritas, and tacos from 3-7. Had the grilled fish tacos and enjoyed the sidewalk seating. Great service. Highly recommend.Okay people, this place is just what this lil strip on Magazine St needed...let me tell ya why. This building used to be Nacho Mama's, which was good but missing something (except their half off Margarita pitchers on Wednesday)...Then it was Byblos...which moved down from the next block over (bad idea Cuz they didn't they make it very long in their "new and improved" location)...Now it is  Arana's....finally a restaurant worthy of this awesome location! Nice atmosphere, friendly knowledgeable service, and AMAZING happy hour specials! Half price on anything from the bar...including pitchers of margaritas and the tacos! Nacho Mama's eat your heart out cuz these chips and pico de gallo are hands down the freshest and yummiest we've had yet! Yes, It's worth it...the tacos are really good and fresh. The best taco was the fish taco w/ a creamy jalapeno sauce and pickled slaw but we also had the chipolte shrimp, the Al Pastor, the Pibil, the Carne Asada,  and the Lengua.... we shared everything and it was all amazing and authentic... except the  tongue...I couldn't eat it...Meh lol... overall this is definitely a place to try, locals and tourists alike...trust me I know, I lived behind this place for years.Pineapple pork tacos, that is all you need to know! Food is really good, some authentic Mexican definitely. Service is a bit slow and not as friendly but good nonetheless. If you crave gourmet delicious tacos look no further.What an awesome experience! The chef Richard is very personable and you can tell he care about the products he puts out in front of his customers. We had 3 different salsas 5 different tacos a pitcher of margs and a tequila flight. Everything was first class from start to finish.I went during happy hour and was very pleased. My waitress was very informative about the menu and our water glasses remained full throughout our meal. We ordered the guacamole which was as pretty darn good as guacamole gets. It definitely was homemade and had the perfect amount of citrus to onion/garlic ratio. I ordered the chorizo and beef tacos and was pleasantly surprised by both of them. Both came with a generous amount of meat and the garnishes matched the meat really well. My boyfriend ordered a bunch of tacos and he is a complainer if he doesn't like something... No complaints from him and he also particularly liked the chorizo taco. We finished our meal with a chocolate flan which was to die for. I highly recommend this desert to anyone. As far as the margarita prices are concerned, I feel that their $8+ cocktails are fair... It's a tequila bar and the drinks are made with top quality products. And they are DELICIOUS! If you want $4 margaritas then go to some place that uses gross margarita mix from a grocery store.
I think this restaurant is a wonderful addition to Magazine Street and I will definitely be returning.Warning: Are you looking for some cheesy-ass Tex-Mex place that serves a Speedy Gonzales or a bean burrito?! Go to Taco Bell and leave these professionals alone. 
Wow! This Mexican cantina is PHENOMENAL! Justin was our server and killed it. We started with chips and salsa and guac. Super prompt service bringing this out along with our pitcher of seasonal strawberry and cucumber margaritas (which I'm still currently feeling). Delicious appetizer.
Our main dishes were served in such a timely manner to the appetizers. Justin is the man (did I mention that?!) We ordered the spinach and mushroom taco which had a heartiness to it with the potato and cilantro. Also, we had the open faced tamale topped with an amazing pink poblano Mexican sauce, grilled corn and crumbled cheese. Holy wow. This was next level. Delicious and filling. 
That's when the executive chef, Richard came out and spoke to us. He was a BADASS! Spoke to us about the tamale and his prep/presentation. This dude knew his SHIZNIT.
After our meal, Richard came out and let me try his hickory smoked bean and bacon dip that he was preparing for this evenings meal. What?! Soooo good. 
Amazing atmosphere, incredible service (Justin is a beast) and KILLER food. Thanks for the amazing time guys. Will definitely be back.I got UberEATS from this place last night. The open-face tamale was the best I ever had. Great steak fajitas and really good tacos !Happy hour prices: good
Jalapeño marg: good but sweet
Taco: just ok
Frozen marg: not good (I can think of 2 others near by that are way better) 
Service: good enough 
Ambience: good
Would I go back? Probably. Happy hour prices worthy of a another chance.The only thing  our group liked was the salsas.  The food is just not good.    Go just about anywhere else.   Service was okThis place was really awesome! Great happy hour deals on tacos and cocktails! The waitress was very informative and pleasant! The ambiance was really cool, with a huge arana (spider) lol on the ceiling wall...and of course the prices were great! Definitely plan on going back!I stopped in to Araña for the first time last night. I was expecting a lot (maybe too much) from what I had heard. I sat at the bar and ordered a beer and a few tacos. I had the Al Pastor, La Lengua, Chipotle Shrimp, & Pato tacos. 
Looking at the menu all the options looked good. I wanted to try a few tacos (even with the $4-$5 range PER TACO!) I reluctantly ordered the first four tacos that caught my eye...hoping for the best tacos & beer I've ever had for ~$25 (before tax/tip). 
I think it was way too expensive for what I was served. Everything was okay...and luckily everything I had was reduced to half price. I still spent ~$20, during happy hour, for a few tacos and a beer. I'm definitely not rushing back....
The tacos were rather disappointing. The best thing about them was the tortilla: one of the best I've ever had. Nevertheless the tortilla needed to be griddled a little longer because it fell apart after one bite.
The chipotle shrimp was my least favorite. It was empty and bland. The "chipotle" sauce didn't taste like chipotle at all. Needed a little rice (filler) to absorb the sauce and give the taco a little more substance.
The Al Pastor came in 3rd. It the sauce was okay and there was just enough pineapple in  the taco. The pork was still kind of tough and the sauce needed a little extra something.
The Lengua was my 2nd favorite...tomato broth was good. Like the shrimp, I wish there was something to absorb the sauce. I think the pieces of tongue could have been cut a little smaller.
The duck was my favorite...crispy, salty, and tender. Wish all the tacos had been as good as this one.Great happy hour--half off ALL drinks, appetizer, and some small plates. The service is usually pretty good..friendly waiters. We usually sit outside because the noise level inside gets to be too much during the rush--you can't even speak with the people at your table, unless you're yelling. Outside is not too pretty, with parked cars and foot traffic 5 feet from your table, but at least you can whisper on a conversation. Good happy hour drinks and good food..can't lose.Food was cold & cold beans are not awesome. Also, got my order wrong even though I saw the waiter write down my order. All in all there are so many other Mexican restaurants in the city that I would be hard pressed to go back to this one especially since you have to hunt for parking on Magazine Street.Got the open face tamale. So freaking good. Paired it with a margarita. Also amazing. Perfect balance between boozy and refreshing. Could be better priced but then again it is magazine Street.Love this place! It's becoming one of my new favorite restaurants!  Their Happy Hour specials are great, the drinks are superb, and their food is fresh! I started with the spicy mango margarita (Yes! It was very spicy!) followed by their awesome champagne margarita!  Their fish tacos were fantastic!!! Our super cute and funny waiter waited patiently on us and served us well! Girls night out was a blast! We'll be back!!!We went for Happy Hour and were impressed! Great food, great drinks and a great price. Happy Hour is Mon-Fri 3-7 PM with half price drinks and $2 tacos. We had the fish and shrimp tacos and were very happy. Nice atmosphere (look for the giant spider). I only wished they used biodegradable "to go" containers like some other places are doing.Me and my family came for appetizers before shopping on Magazine Street. Their appetizers SUCKED. We ordered chips with queso and guacamole. The chips were cheap- they broke every single time I tried to eat the guacamole and even when I tried to get the broken pieces out. The guacamole had way too many vegetables and tasted gross and artificial. The "cheese dip" queso was not far behind, it tastes cheap and is very thin. Very mediocre; we won't ever come back.I enjoyed my time at Arana: great bartender, stupendous margaritas that aren't sugar bombs and great food. I didn't expect much from the former Nachos Mama's space, but I see they decided to offer food and drinks for adults!
As crazy and crowded as it was - one of those special events up and down Magazine - everyone was buzzing, everyone was having a good time, and staff were flowing smoothly. 
|I need to head back and enjoy one of their famous tequila flights!Really cool laid back vibe to this place. We came here for a group get together for happy hour. Unfortunately there weren't many tables that could fit more than four people.  So we sat at at the bar.
The bartenders were really nice, but it took a while for them to 1) take our order and 2) serve us our drinks. We waited a good eight to ten minutes for each. It was pretty packed, but it was still a buzzkill on top of us having to sit away from our friends.Found this place on Yelp. Today was National Margarita Day!! Went to try their jalapeño, pineapple margarita!!! We were not disappointed. The food was the BEST Mexican I have had in New Orleans!!! The service & the atmosphere was bar done. I had the chili relleno - best stuffing ever - pepper was wrapped in fried cheese!!!
As full as I was - everything coming out the kitchen looked and smelled delicious!!! It is a place not to miss!!!I hate doing this but I'm demoting this place to 3 stars.  The entrees are nice, the service is mostly good.  The salsas are just weird.
The tacos are hit or miss.  Some of them are divine, almost all of them are at least ok.  But about 50% of them have soaked through the bottom of the taco by the time it gets to me, and the damn thing just falls apart.  That's REALLY annoying.  I should have like a 5 minute grace period before my taco self destructs.My friend suggested this place...I was game  I had heard about it and even walked by a few times but nothing really drew me in for some reason. I was wrong not to have tried it sooner 
Order the pineapple jalapeño margarita its freakishly good and strong!! A big plus when it comes to margaritas!!
Our waitress couldn't have been nicer was super attentive and we never wanted for a thing 
I had the il pastor tacos which were superb!! I'm going to update this review further when I have a chance to try some other things but totally worth a visitLiving nearby this is a regular spot for us. The food is decent. In particular I like the Chicken Mole and the stuffed poblano pepper. Both however vary quite a bit not much consistency in quality. But when it's on it's quite good. The tacos are so/so. The chips and salsa options are Very good. The chips are delicious and the salsa options are probably also the best in the city. If you are looking for a casual mexican style restaurant it's one of the best options in New Orleans. I gave it 4 stars but I'd really give it a 3.5 due to the inconsistency in dishes.The Happy Hour here is such a great deal! 1/2 off drinks and $2 tacos. And we're talking good tacos. I had the chipolte shrimp and it was delicious. Also, the margaritas are REAL margaritas and the service was good. I hope to come back here for another happy hour.An acquaintance of mine owns this joint and for the most part, he has done a good job. I've dined here many times and I have to be honest and say that I've seen a slight decline in the quality and presentation of the food. But you should still definitely go there!!! I'm just throwing some constructive, honest criticism out there. They have an amazing happy hour during the week and for their brunch they have unlimited mimosas, bloody Mary's or margaritas. The atmosphere is good. There is outside seating and they are located in the middle of Magazine, which is great for watching people whilst sipping on jalapeno infused margaritas. Cheers!This was our first time coming here, and for the most part, it was pretty good. I really enjoyed the corn side dish that they offered. 
It was a little pricy for Mexican food, but over all good. I also tired their jalapeño pineapple cilantro margarita, and I have to say that was pretty good. I liked the way the pineapple balanced the spiciness of the jalapeño in the drink.Have the pineapple-jalapeño-cilantro Margarita; you won't be disappointed.  Here is what stuck out for me:  the waiter (regret I didn't catch his name) came to the high-top table we were sitting at.  My husband was on one side and my older teen daughter and I were on the other.  The waiter spoke only to my husband.  Seriously!  Told him the specials, told him about the drinks, asked him for his drink order.  The only time the waiter averted his eyes towards me was when I piped up with my drink request.  And then he TOLD my daughter "you're sticking with water" and walked away.  Well, she isn't old enough to drink, but maybe she would have wanted a soda?  I am not a feminist by any stretch of the imagination, but this was blatant sexism.  At least it was a teaching moment for my kid.
Food was good, though!Atmosphere was nice. Food was really salty. Had two different tacos and black beans and rice. I couldn't even finish the tacos or black beans because of how salty they were. I would recommend the nachos to start though, although those were really messy, they tasted pretty good. Service was decent. Biggest selling point were the half priced drinks during happy hour but the food wasn't all that great. I'd recommend trying it at least once, you might have a better experience than it did.Meh, everything was bland. The black beans were the best part but they were almost soured! I did enjoy both the fish tacos, although they both needed salt etc. 
I really liked the atmosphere so I wanted it to be better. It also didn't help that the wait staff was great, BUT they seemed like they hated working there. You could even peek in the back and see kitchen staff lazily sitting in the counter... sign of poor management indeed.
With all the lovely options around Magazine, we won't be back.My overwhelming feeling here was "meh." 
The food is very expensive, small portioned, and not very good. It would be worth it if it was half the price. 
The beer selection can barely be called a selection, most especially considering it's location right next to The Bulldog. Paying $7 for a modelo is a sin.
The waitress flat out told us several things on the menu were terrible. I appreciate her honesty, but if the staff thinks their food isn't good then that says something. If you want latin food, go down the street to the Rum House, and if you want beer go next door to The Bulldog.A lady friend of mine and I went to Arana for a Sunday brunch outing.  We were there during the Saints game and enjoyed some bottomless mimosas and margaritas (you were allowed to switch between the two).  Both were good, and the price was reasonable ($15 each).  We started with the salsa sampler and the queso fundito.  All three salsas (green, Mexican and arbol) I felt were bland and all seemed "safe" as if they were catering to people who did not enjoy spicy or flavorful food.  The queso fundito was much better, and came with a warm tomato and chipotle sauce that was quite good.  
 I had a pulled pork dish (the name escapes me) served with a poached egg and over a corn meal cake with a green chili salsa.  It was unique and very flavorful.  She had a pork dish as well, which was served with a pickled slaw.  She seemed very happy with her choice as well.  As a bonus, they did $1 tequila shots every time the Saints scored a touchdown!  The server was friendly and attentive, and was quick to refill our drinks (which is not always the case on a bottomless drink deal).
 Why only 4 stars?  One reason was the ambitionless salsas.  The other was the price.  Though we indulged quite a bit between the bottomless mimosas, two appetizers, two entrees and a few tequila shots, with gratuity the meal cost me $100, which I felt was a bit much for brunch.  Overall, I would happily go back, as the salsas were the only dull spot in an otherwise enjoyable brunch experience.Alex the bartender is amazing! I came here trying to eat a little grub and drink a little for happy hour.. dem tacos here are amazing I love the lengua taco the shrimp and Asada all were excellent! Happy Hour was so good ! Alex was very welcoming and really patient with me even when I become very tipsy the chef made sure to swing some chips my way because I did the tipsy dance . I will be back. Also there is another hottie bartender Joe that was very pleasant on the eyes .. don't worry Alex I still want to marry you .. yes I know you didn't propose but a girl can dream right ? The watermelon spicy  and pineapple jalapeño was pretty much the engagement ring boo.. see you soon!I would like to consider myself a taco aficionado and I'm not gonna lie, this place is on blast. The happy hour is amazing, half off taco's and half off top shelf margaritas? Yes, please! I got the al pastor, the gringo, and the grilled fish. The flavor was authentic and taco's so well executed. While I was dining I also ordered nachos and queso fundido and it was delicious! My server was very sweet and was detail oriented down to a tee. I would totally recommend this place to any of my friends!Let's start with the $9 pineapple, cilantro, jalapeno margarita.  It wasn't a margarita, it was a glass of dole pineapple juice with tequila in it.  The chips and salsa, which for some reason they charge for (not normal at Mexican restaurants), were not good either.  The salsa tasted like flavorless tomato paste.  I ordered the "carnitas" burrito.  This consisted of a store bought tortilla stuffed with 10 lbs of dry rice, canned beans, a bunch of pineapple which didn't even make sense in the dish (mexican dishes do not contain pineapple) and about two or three small bites of "carnitas".  I'm not sure what the meat like substance was they were trying to pass off as carnitas but it was the worst meat i believe I've ever had at a restaurant.  My fiance's fish tacos were almost edible...that's the nicest thing I can say about any of the food.  Taco Bell provides a more authentic Mexican dining experience.  I truly can't understand how they didn't do some tests with friends and family on their food before they opened.  
I was really hoping this place would be decent and truly hope they fix the food soon or they will not last.  They have a nice atmosphere and good location so i'm hopeful they take this and the other not so enthusiastic reviews as constructive criticism and turn the place around.Came I here with no prior knowledge of ratings or word of mouth. Just exploring Magazine street and stopped in. Anyway, I was greeting promptly by the bar lady and offered to sit anywhere. I sat at the bar. They do not play traditional Mexican music, but rather they played Sheryl Crow, Tracey Chapman and my favorite THE SPICE GIRLS!!! 
Anyway the food was pretty good. I ordered the chicken enchiladas. Usually I do not like the beans and rice but they were really good here, as well as the enchiladas. They do not serve chips and salsa for free. I ordered a modelo de negro and a house margarita after that. I got more buzz from the beer. 
I'd return here. Especially for happy hour with 1/2 off tacos, M-F 3-7pm.After a long hot day at the Fairgrounds we ended up here for dinner-4 teens and 4 40-somethings. This place was a definite crowd pleaser. They sat us immediately and gave us their best server, Abby. She was fantastic!!! She kept the water coming; the chip baskets filled and beers never ran dry. The food was really good. I had a strawberry/cucumber margarita (SO GOOD...dangerously good), two tacos and chips with salsa and cheese dip. Satiated without feeling stuffed.  We're down here almost yearly for Jazz Fest. This place is now on our list of must-haves. It's great to have a new place on our dinner restaurant list! We'll be back!Guys. I must update my review from last year because HALLELUJAH, Arana has made a few changes and I am thrilled. First a foremost, they replaced their order, worn out menus with shiny new ones!!! (Did they actually take my advice from the previous review? Or was is just a coincidence? I'd like to think I can take a tiny sliver of credit LOL). The new menus look lovely and cheery. Also, Im happy to report that the last two times I've eaten there, the food has been great. Tonight, I pigged out on three tacos and all were AWESOME. The previously paltry fried chicken taco was stuffed with battered deliciousness tonight. Arana, keep kicking ass and I'll keep coming back!The food here is not that good. The nacho mamas that was here back in the day was better. At least then i knew what to expect. This place plays itself up like you're going to have this great meal but sadly they charge you $$$ prices for -$ food. 
If you actually want good mexican food, save yourself a bad meal and get the quesadillas nextdoor.I ordered the open face chicken tamale! It was ahhhmazing! Crispy fried tamale topped with chicken tinga, roasted corn, queso fresco, pickled red onion, and chili corn cream sauce. I was super impressed with this appetizer, so many layer of favors! I also ordered the lengua taco -- which the waiter forgot to put the order in so I never got to taste it. We had sangria and two types of margaritas: pineapple mango, and jalapeno pineapple. They were overly sweet and would not order again.
Overall, the ONE dish saved the experience. Must try the Open Face Chicken Tamale!!!!We went here for happy hour and were not disappointed. The pink rose lemon margarita was so refreshing and I was happy that it wasn't too too sweet. I was also very pleased with the tacos! I had the fried chicken and the Baja fish ones- both of which were delicious! I will definitely be returning.Had the waiter order for me and he suggested he chili rejenno. Best stuffed pepper I have ever had. Will recommend to tourists.Great margaritas!!! It was my first visit and I went for happy hour. I had the spicy watermelon margarita and the jalapeño pineapple cilantro margarita. Both were awesome! Refreshing and delicious. I also had the tacos: gringo, fresco shrimp, pato & carne asada. The pato is duck and it was delicious. I was pleased and I can't wait to go back!!!!I eat here a lot.  The food and service are very good.  The beer selection is weak but you shouldn't be going here for the beer.The key take away from this review is they serve brunch. More importantly they offer the option for a boozy brunch with their $15 bottomless drink special.  It gets even better because they let you bounce between bloody mary's, mimosas and maragritas. That's right not only are you not locked into one drink for the duration of brunch, but you also have an excuse to drink a margarita before 5p.m. Their Margaritas taste like key lime pie, I repeat key lime pie which means after sampling the bloody mary and mimosa I had three margaritas.  
It was a brunch I had been eyeing for a while and after arriving way too late to even think about getting seated at Katie's we made our way to Magazine. My group of 6 was seated immediately and our server Abby was awesome.
Their brunch menu was limited with options like huevos rancheros, a breakfast torta with chorizo, eggs and potatoes and a few other options. I opted to get a torta from their regular menu with chicken Tinga. The portion size was generous and it paired perfectly with my drink indulgence.  All my friends got items from the breakfast menu and we all agree there is definitely a reason to go back.  Overall it was a great brunch stop, a little expensive, but only because the drink special.Kelly was the most amazing bartender ever! We had a blast drinking champagne margaritas and talking with her! We totally freestyled the evening and somehow ended up sitting at Kelly's bar and just having an amazing time. Thank you so much Kelly!It was okay. Service was great, the food wasn't good. The tacos are about $5-$6 and the tortillas are soggy and do not taste good and there is barely anything on them. Not worth it, but good margaritas!I sat at the bar and ordered the two taco dinner to go. While waiting I had a skinny girl margarita and its was so delicious! I also got a complimentary jalapeno margarita because they had extra and it was interesting! I ordered the carne asada and the chipotle shrimp tacos. I must say I was disappointed in them. They had very little meat/shrimp on them and they were extremely bland! I felt like I was eating only a tortilla. The black beans were ok and the mexican veggies were pretty good. All in all, the Rum House tacos are 100% better. It was also extremely loud in there and dark!Honestly, just come here to have laughs, apps, and drinks. Perfect for such. I was in town for a bachelor party and while most of the 10 guys would agree, the food was okay, the atmosphere, servers, and cocktails made up for it.I would live in this place if I could!!! Love it!!! The staff is amazing the ambience is everything and I love the fact that it's so chill! Great for a night out with friends or a quick lunch break!They have bottomless Margaritas on Saturdays for $18 untill 7pm...On Sundays they offer Margaritas,Bloody Marrys & Mimosa's all bottomless for $18 until 2pm . I highly recommend this place for strong bottomless drinks for the right priceIn NOLA late March. Landed at Arana for happy hour. Excellent choice considering all the choices along Magazine Street. Stuffed ourselves on tacos---chicken, shrimp, tongue, baja fish, and others. Have to try their yucatan sazeracs and smoky negronis.  And don't forget their top-shelf ritas! An excellent experience.This place doesn't live up to expectations. The drinks are ok and the food is just ok. The brunch menu leaves a lot to be desired and the general menu seems expensive for what it is. We live around the corner and even through I love Mexican, I don't crave Araña. It's nice if you're on a stroll down magazine, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.I love the al pastor tocos!  I end up here at least twice a month!  Really one of the best happy hour deals on magazine.  While the service is a bit slow, the food and drinks more than make up for it.  Try everything, its all delicious!
They used to have grilled cebollitos, it made me sad when they removed it from the menu!Very nice spot. Happy Hour is great!  The champagne margarita is Delish!  The chicken tacoI frequent Araña for the atmosphere and carne asada tacos. The manager is my absolute favorite, he is extremely attentive. Honestly, I only have one complaint: the inconsistency behind the bar. As a bartender I am constantly aware of what's happening behind the bar. The only time the bar runs smoothly is when the manager is behind it.Four starts for happy hour...half price on all drinks and half price tacos! The margaritas are good...not great. The chipotle grilled shrimp tacos were my favorite. The server was friendly and helpful. Tip...don't get the white sangria.Three of us went for lunch and margaritas. Drinks were small but good. Every ounce of food we tasted was INCREDIBLY DELICIOUS!!!! The best was the open face chicken tamale. We order five dishes and an appetizer because we were all so hungry and each bite was fresh and savory. We even had a little chat with the chef who was sweet and friendly. The server(young girl) and the bartender were short and rude! I asked the server to tell us about the nachos and twice she wouldn't and said "it's on the menu, read about it!" I had forgotten my glasses and needed assistance but she was of no help. She never made eye contact, no smile and didn't keep up with the water refills. We fetched the pitcher ourselves. 
Being servers and bartenders ourselves, we always tip the bill and then some! After we left she ran out the restaurant, down the block to flag us down and ask if we were leaving a tip. I said "no, your service was not good enough." 
I'll go back but ask for a different server if I see her.Great service and food. Ordered the Mexican wedge salad, tortilla soup and the Chiles rellanos which were so yummy. We got there at 11 so it took a second to get our food out but it was worth the wait. Will definitely go back.yummyy tacos!! I love authentic mexican and New Orleans severely lacks that... This place is closer than any other place I've been. Bit pricey..but it's on Magazine so Im not surprised.Great happy hour where the tacos & drinks are half off. That really makes it worth while. 
I had a few tacos that day: a chicken tinga, a al pastor, a puerco pibil & a carne asada. All we're delicious (I went for seconds on the chicken & pibil). Chips are extra, but they are also very good. They seemed to be home made as was the salsa. 
A girl at the next table ordered the nachos & they were HUGE!!!
We really enjoyed our late lunch, sitting outside watching the people walk by on Magazine St. 
I definitely recommend this place for some really good tacos at a reasonable price (during happy hour)Love this place!! The happy hour is sweet, $12 for a pitcher of fabulous margaritas and the best tacos I had for a while.Also check out the nachos which are to die for.Best happy hour in town! Carne asada is the best taco. Come in between 3-7 for half off everything behind the bar and half off street tacos. Definitely a staple for a grad school budget.A friend suggested I try this place and it was a great call. I absoulely loved the atmosphere. I went during happy hour (3 to 7 on weekdays) and you just can't beat 1/2 off drinks and tacos. Two amazing worlds at 50% off. Uh, I was on a shrimp kick so I tried the chipotle shrimp taco and the fried shrimp taco. Both were delicious. I did get a side of black beans for good measure. Great food, great atmosphere, great people, great fun. Note: as with any place that has street parking with meters...feed the meter or you will get a ticket. I watched the meter reader have a field day.I finally made it to Happy Hour yaayyyyyyyyy!!!
Ok so quick review.
Nice spot to meet friends, have a couple drinks and chat a bit.
Service was just ok. 
I tried 3 tacos Carne Asada, Southwestern fried chicken, and El Gringo. Nothing to write home about, though I'm writing this review. Lol The meat was perfect in the carne Asada! Unfortunately it literally fell apart as soon as I picked it up. The  tortilla was too wet. The chicken was hit and crispy but, in my opinion the El Gringo was the best out of the 3. Which says a lot because it's very basic.
On to the good stuff...TEQUILA!!! 
I tried 3 margaritas. 
Jalapeño Pineapple Cilantro Margarita = Ok, different, a little spicy but, not overpowering. Pineapple pieces a little bigger would help it not get caught in straw at every sip.
Pink Rose Lemon Margarita = My favorite. Floral, perfect mix of sweet and sour. I'll definitely be back for you!
Champagne Margarita = Least favorite which sucks because it cost the most.
Ok so maybe this isn't that short. Lol Anywho I'll definitely keep them in mind when I want a rita but, in no rush to go back.Clean good looking environment, a little upset, I don't know who told chef torta Cubana has mostard, my partner ordered a burrito which is a tex-mex and was tasteless, food names on the menu are very deceiving, and I'm saying this as a Mexican who has traveled México and tasted real, nice and delicious original mex food, this don't get even close to original. Really if that's the way they prepare torta Cubana I was glad I did not ordered chile reyeno. I'm just saying they should not be putting names there on menu if they don't know the original recipe.Rating 1-5:
Drinks-4
Food-2
Price-3.5 during happy hour, 1 otherwise
Atmosphere-3 (like the place, but it was incredibly loud and there was no carpeting or padding on the chairs to soften the noise)
Service-5
Went with 7 friends for happy hour and got a mixture of the 1/2 off drinks and tacos. The tacos were average, none worth raving about. The rose lemonade specialty marg was very good and my friends really liked the plum hibiscus margs. Beware: the jalapeño marg is a real spice kicker. Otherwise standard for the drinks, rolling in at $5 during happy hour, which is again, average. 
I will say our waiter did a phenomenal job and split the check 5 ways and got everyone's bill correct. If you go I recommend sitting outside (weather-permitting) and ONLY ever go during happy hour, unless you're just looking to thin out your wallet.Absolutely love this place! Happy hour every day 5-7, doesn't get better than $4 mojitos/margaritas. Best mojito in the city 100%!I was sent here by a regular customer of mine, and it turns out he plugs my business there all the time too. Thanks, Walter, you're a real gem!
I told the bartender I was going to have a lot of questions, and she answered them all beautifully. First question was "what's vegan?" Without modifications or omissions, the mushroom and spinach tacos were suggested and-wow. I honestly didn't expect much, a vegan afterthought taco of bland white sliced mushrooms and soggy spinach. Instead, the mushrooms were delightfully seasoned with liquid aminos (AKA hippie soy sauce), and the spinach tasted slow-cooked with great texture. I commented that the taco deserved a two-tortilla layer, and stand by that. It is sloppy and fantastic and WILL fall apart in just one tortilla.
Tequila club? ¡¿TEQUILA club?! Yes. YES. Free shot for joining and perks for drinking your way through the list. I'm glad I'm calling New Orleans home for a few years (that's what they all say, right?) so that I'll get my Araña swag. 
Loved the spiced satsuma agua fresca! What a great twist. 
I'm very excited to return. Mezcal heaven, a super delicious taco, and neat spider theme.The tortillas were very stale. The cheese was grilled but dry with a charred taste.  The shrimp not enough flavour. This is my first ever negative review:(Went here for lunch. Really good food! And they accommodated my vegan lifestyle. Definitely come here if you're craving Mexican. And also try their boozy popsiclesLove this place! It's becoming one of my new favorite restaurants!  Their Happy Hour specials are great, the drinks are superb, and their food is fresh! I started with the spicy mango margarita (Yes! It was very spicy!) followed by their awesome champagne margarita!  Their fish tacos were fantastic!!! Our super cute and funny waiter waited patiently on us and served us well! Girls night out was a blast! We'll be back!!!
Update:  It has now been six months since first visiting Arana.  I have become a regular, eating there between one and three times a week.  Their happy hour CANNOT be beat! Half price tacos, and half off drinks!  The food is really delicious, fresh, and creative.  The guacamole is so fresh!   Great, hip, place for a date or a night out with friends!Fajitas precooked and tough as hell. Happy hour is good for drinks...but not sold on the food after numerous visits....even Tacos and Beer has better food than this.Bastante deliciosa! 4 estrellas!
This restaurant has been open for a while and I finally made my way to the place that was once a Byblos which was once a Nacho Mama's.
It was a pretty slow night and we were eating early, so it was a light crowd. I was looking over the menu and I found myself in the mood for a margarita. Since the "house" margarita seemed to call to me, that was the first one I ordered. I got it and- I don't know. Something about it was a bit off. It was a little too sweet. I like a sweet cocktail, but I like my margaritas to lean more towards the tangy side. I decided to try another one, so I got their "top shelf" margarita. It was a little better, but it didn't blow my socks off. Well, I wasn't wearing socks but if I had been they would have remained on. Next time I just might add more lime to it. Maybe it's me and my weird palate. 
Ok, enough of the drinks. For our appetizer we got the guacamole and it was fresh and perfect. I'm a big fan of when the guac has chunks of avocado in it and that's how this was, so it was an immediate win. For my entree, I got the burrito con pastor. I loved this! The meat was spiced to perfection and the entire burrito had tons of flavor. My dining companion (he had the tacos), who has been to Mexico many times, remarked that this is the most authentic tasting Mexican meal he has had in the city. I really love it and I am anxious to go back and try more of the menu.First off.... 5 stars for the location on magazine. Perfect location and awesome decor. 
Everyone knows me as the "taco girl" and I take my Mexican food and tacos very seriously. Real tacos, street tacos, not the kind that people drunkenly consume at Taco Bell at 2am. I am adamant about the quality of my tacos! 
We went during happy hour (half off tacos and margaritas) and it goes to say that the margaritas were perhaps one of the best I have had flavor wise (but I wouldn't pay the full $9 for a super tiny glass of it).... I ordered the pineapple, jalapeño and cilantro one: DELISH. The pineapple looked like it was charred beforehand, but I can't be sure about that detail. Either way, marg=awesome. 
Now for the tacos.... Although we did order during happy hour at half off, I saw other tacos coming out after happy hour that had almost double the filling in them! That irritates me but I didn't complain to the waitress, which wasn't her fault anyways. The chipotle shrimp were a bit on the rubbery side, and JUST had shrimp, no other fillings like cheese or cilantro or onions. It was a naked taco :'(     The other one i ordered was the pato (duck) taco, which was tasty, but a little too much fat and not enough meat for my liking, and again, no other fillings and just laid lifeless let flat on the plate with no proper presentation. While the tortillas were obviously hand made and tasted great, they broke apart from the sogginess of the fillings and completely disintegrated on me. I usually ask for tortillas to be double stacked, but I forgot. I may give Araña another try during happy hour for a margarita while shopping on magazine street, but most likely I will still to the true taco king of magazine street for food: rum house.Drinks are good. Food was tasteless. Tried the tacos and burrito. Much better sticking to the other mexican joints in town.Food was mediocre. Service is not good. Attentive? Yes. Accommodating? No. 
Ordered the nachos, which was okay. My boyfriend ordered the 3 tacos and 2 sides. Server messed up on one of the sides and when we told her, she went to the kitchen and brought the right side but still charged us $3 for it. My friend didn't like her chicken burrito and when we told the server, she didn't care to do anything about it but encourage her to order a new plate. I had the lamb loins which, for being one of the more pricey items on the menu, did not deliver anything special. I was still hungry after the 5 chops because it was not meaty and had way too much fat. 
I want to like this place. I really do. It would be nice for a change from The Rum House, but for now, I think I'd rather wait the usual 30 minutes to an hour there than to come back to a new restaurant that do not care for feedback or pleasing it's potential regular guests.This is a moderately good Mexican restaurant.  The food is good, and tasted fresh.  I had the grilled fish and grilled shrimp tacos and would definitely order those again.  All of the drinks are way overpriced though, even the wines by the glass that were all "cheap" wines.  The redeeming factor here is fresh seafood and having a few outside tables.Hair in one persons food, another got a slab of undercooked fat in their taco, and they served us the driest juiceless limes in the world. Waiter is also not niceAranas has definitely found its footing on Magazine street across from the iconic local Breaux Mart. The happy hour is out of this world! 11 dollar pitches half price tacos and other items. Can't be be beat especially since it's M-F 3-7pm! House made marg mix and quality house tequila. This Yucutãn influenced Tequila House and its cuisine is absolutely delicious. Ali behind the bar is amazing and so personable! Chloe was an amazing waitress. Couldn't notWent on a date night after my gf got off work so it was late but the service was still incredible. I got the jalapeño pineapple cilantro margarita while my gf got the mango margarita. First thing, WOW, that margarita was one of the best I have ever tasted. We split a taco plate, which comes with your choice of two tacos and two sides, I had the fried chicken taco. It was amazing. Our waiter informed us about the happy hour with half off drinks and tacos, so we will be coming to check that out for sure. As a new homeowner in the Irish channel, this is a great find.Good atmosphere. I come here regularly for happy hour. Tacos have never disappointed me. I always get the grilled or Baja fish tacos. Drinks are made strong but tasty. I like the mezcal margarita, or the "El Matador". Overall a very consistent experience, time after time. Staff are friendly. Would recommend the queso, as well as a reposado flight if you're up for it.Two stars, because I'm giving this place slight leeway since we stupidly chose to eat here on opening weekend. Also, the few bites of nachos I had were pretty decent. Basically, the service was awful and the food was mediocre. Being that I have worked at a large corporate restaurant when they opened, I wanted my server to do a great job(even if she did make a couple mistakes), and I wanted the food to be delicious. However, I could immediately tell our server was inexperienced. It took forever for her to bring a sugar packet out to my friend's son for his tea, she kept forgetting which person ordered which drink(once you've served enough, this is second nature), my guacamole came out after my entree(could've been the kitchen's fault, but she proceeded to push me to keep it when I politely declined it), she took more than five minutes to bring out a small side of sour cream, and she took over 15 minutes to split our check(it wouldn't have been a big deal had she would've sent someone over to let us know what was going on, and apologized for the wait). By the end of our experience my friend had to yell across the restaurant to reiterate the fact we'd been waiting 15 minutes for our split bill. My friend also got elbowed in the back countless times by another server, and didn't receive one apology. I don't understand the logic of hiring such inexperienced servers for a high volume restaurant on Magazine Street. I hate not tipping, because I've been in the service industry(I have not skimped on a tip since I was an idiot 15 year old, either); but because the service was so terrible with no apologies from our server or a manager, I couldn't bring myself to leave anything. The food was also way too overpriced for what it was. I ordered the carne asada burrito, and it was nothing special. The meat was pretty decent, but there was nothing there to make it worth $13 dollars(should've gone to Juan's and got a gutter punk to devour), and it was super small. The side order of rice was also very bland, and not worth the $3. One friend complained that her duck taco tasted like cat food and her chicken tinga taco was really dry. My other friend ordered the nachos, which were pretty good due to the queso fresco sprinkled all over them, so that was one thing they did right. I may give this place another shot, but not until they seem like they've gotten it together.Great herb saint margarita. Good ceviche. Crappy service. Karma B was less than interested to wait on us. Slow, disinterested and almost rude. And to top it off she stole from my friend, who was gracious enough to leave her a tip. Karma B. Increased her tip. That's stealing. Next time I am in New Orleans I will NOT be going there.Fun atmosphere, good food, excellent happy hour--$2 tacos.  But my personal favorite is the champagne margarita!Easily the best $11 lunch I've had in a long time--two tacos from their listing plus rice and veggies. I've been here twice for the same thing, and it's been delicious both times. 
I cannot praise the Bloody Maria enough. That alone is worth the five star review, in my opinion. If you're a Bloody Mary person and you like them spicy, make sure you get one!We were headed to the Rum House and spotted the 
happy hour, half off ALL tacos sign out front and decided to give it a try!  Me:top shelf magarita- awesome! Him: Spicy Watermelon Magarita - he LOVED IT, too spicy for my taste buds.  We order a trio of salsas, the Verde was excellent and the other two were just ok at best.  My favorite taco was the Chipotle Shrimp. ...delish, his favorite Shrimp Fresco and Carne Asada.  Give them a try yall.....the service was excellent tooCheck out the most delicious new items on the menu. Most delicious Chiles Rellenos I ever had and also the other item we had was the Poc Chuc otherwise known as smoked pork.   It was so good.  This place gets better and better.Amazing staff!!!
Delicious food and fresh cocktails!!!
Highly underrated...everyone needs to check it out!
Try a chinaco blanco shot with blueberry!!!Happy hour is pretty stout but the real reason I am writing this review is about that fried chicken burrito! Wow! That is how good it is! I did not get mine with pickles but everything else that goes with it is pure gold!
The chips were good, with a little salt, and the happy hour made sure we were well taken care of. I still can not get enough of that southwest fried chicken burrito! I am serious, you have to go and try it.
When you get a chance, you have to come try their menu. I have been here a couple of times before, and I can honestly say that this is a good spot to go to on Tuesdays if other establishments are packed to the gills.First off:
As far as decor. It is far from halloween, if your child got scared of the cinco De mayo looking spider on the wall quit sheltering him before he grows up being a complete pussy. Also arana means spider in Spanish so spider decor is a given. Now onto the actual review.
I did not have any of the regular food items as from 3-7pm it's half priced tacos.
The tacos are served on corn tortillas (soft) and are quite good.
My favorite would have been the al pastor, shaved pork pineapple cilantro was a good combo. The baja fish was also quite tasty, fish jalapeno and pickled slaw never would have thought of it but it's god damn delicious
My least favorite would have to be the carne asada, tad overspiced for my liking and the meat was annoyingly thinly ground to where it just made it a pain in the ass to eat.
overall staff was attentive and informative. Food was great and with a 3-7pm happy hour everyday it definitely will be a stopping point.
Rum house to busy?? Check this place out. Less wait and the tacos are about the same price during happy hour (2 to 2.50) no more having to wait for tasty tacos and beer. Also the margaritas etc are half off during happy hour to. It would be nice if they had some mezcal cocktails on the menu. If anything if your feeling adventurous grab a sombra mezcal margarita with jalapeno (not a menu item) the sm9kiness of the sombra balances really well with the flavor of the jalapeños and evens out most of the taco flavors.
One advice to owners create some mezcal cocktails and stock some higher quality mezzis. 
Will def be back to check the regular menu items outAbsolutely terrible experience. Food was beyond bad.  Meat was extremely tough. Service was so bad, our waitress quit while in the middle of serving us. The only halfway decent thing is the atmosphere. Everything was way over priced. The "pickled vegetables" we're so small and bad it was literally  served  in a side condiment cup which maybe held only one ounce of contents. 
DO NOT WAISTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!!Service here is lacking on a not so bust Sunday morning. Our server gave us the low down on bottomless drinks, and some menus before deciding to ignore us completely. We watched as he served a group who came in and sat down right next to us, AFTER we had waited 10-15 minutes. He took their orders and still paid us no mind. After 20 minutes of no contact we decided to leave. I called to speak with a manager and whomever answered the phone instead of either telling me they were the manager or letting me speak to the manager just asked why I needed to speak to one. What does it matter? My concerns are with someone who can address and help prevent these types of issues in the future. I explained to him what our experience was like and he said he would love for us to come back, but we did not want to chance another long wait time. The man I spoke to apologized over the phone but the tone felt cool as if we overreacted to the situation. I'd like to leave a better review because the food sounds good but I guess I'll save that decision for the next time I visit new orleans.This place equates fun! Both times we visited were during happy hour. They have one of the best happy hours in town with their entire bar menu half priced. Plus discounted tacos. What is also nice is their extensive tequila selection. We happen to enjoy extra anejo tequilas and they carry all of our favorites. The food is pretty good. Average tacos and their authentic sandwich( cant remember the name) was hearty and messy but tasty. 
They also advertise tequila dinners that sound interesting as well. 
We had so much fun during both of our visits that if you even mention happy hour, my husband will make sure to tell you everything you ever wanted to know about  Arana. We met the chef/owner last time and you can tell he's the real deal. Super passionate about his food and business. Lots of fun memories and we cant wait for another opportunity to go back.I gave it another shot and I was extremely satisfied with the food this time around! The spinach and mushroom taco was delicious! The drinks were great and so was our waitress! I'm addicted to the top shelf margaritas now. This will be a gem of mine that I will continue to patronize.Our favorite Happy Hour spot! Perfect margs and cheap tacos! Happy hour 3-7 everyday and $2 margs with an entree until 3 pm! how can you resist that??Arana falls squarely in the "not too bad" category, which is not really a rave review. Its hit or miss, and that's the problem. Their guac is yummy. Their chips warm and crisp. Nachos are good. Tortilla soup hits the spot. Drinks hit the mark of fruity, boozey and fun. 
But once you get deeper into the menu, the cracks become apparent. For starters, a lot of their tacos are just not that great. The spinach and mushroom taco was downright bad, greasy and paltry looking. The fried chicken taco was way more breading than chicken. The burritos are pretty forgettable. 
For happy hour, I'm happy to swing by and drink delicious half price margaritas accompanied by an appy or two. But I would never come here for dinner. 
And also their menus - yes, the physical paper menu itself - is truly tragic. Or as my friend said when we sat down and were handed menus, "This is sad." The menus are so old and worn down that they are LITERALLY illegible. They're so faded that you can't read what's printed. Not only that, but they're sticky and dirty. Honestly, a menu like that makes me suspect that management is not enforcing a clean environment and that the kitchen is quite likely filthy. I worked in food service for years, and wiping down the menus was part of the closing tasks that we did nightly. I doubt Arana ever wipes their menus. What they should do is THROW THOSE THINGS AWAY and order new, legible menus. I know this seems petty, but menus are the first thing a customer is handed when they sit down and a sticky, dirty, old menu makes me wary of the establishment in general and whats going on in the back of the house. Seems like such a simple thing to fix!!! Details people, details.I love how you can do a different combination of tacos for a reasonable price. Both of mine were delicious.Ehh good tequila & 1/2 off happy hour. That's about it.My favorite thing about this place was their nachos. It was the best nachos I've ever had. It also had a good atmosphere and interesting margaritasThe staff is friendly. The tacos at happy hour left us underwhelmed. The chips and ceviche was really good. The top shelf margaritas were good. We ordered 8 different tacos from the menu. The fish taco was the best...the rest were really dry.Wow! Talk about creative cuisine yet authentic. This place was highly recommended by a friend who is a local resident. I wish I could keep eating to try every item in the menu. The open face tamale was outstanding and the pineapple cilantro margarita was a great side kick. You have got to come here!We came here for brunch on a rainy Sunday. They offer unlimited mimosas and margaritas for $15 which is $5 cheaper than some of the other restaurants nearby. We ordered a trio of salsas, but I wasn't really impressed with any of the salsas. The warm chips were a nice touch but next time I'd try the guacamole or queso. My husband got a breakfast Torta that had potato, chorizo, and egg. This was pretty good. I ordered two tacos: one chicken Tinga and one chipotle shrimp. The chicken Tinga was okay, but overall I wasn't impressed. This was definitely the most disappointing restaurant on Magazine street that we tried. Plus, our waitress was not very helpful at all. Overall just a mehhh, it could've been better experience.Well the idea is good but all of our food was cold.  Tacos and sides were all cold. Like they had been cooked and set out and then put together when ordered.  We won't be backHaving a very hard time figuring out why this place has only a three star average at this point.  My son and I ducked in here because it was about to rain and we didn't have time to investigate options.  What a fantastic decision. Of course the fact that it's happy hour and drinks and tacos are only half price is a big part of the thrill.  My four dollar Margarita was actually a little too liquor heavy for me and she brought me extra mixer with a smile.  Even though I'm vegan and my son is a pescatarian, we still had delicious options even just picking from the taco menu.  The music is vibrant and just loud enough to create a fun vibe and there are big screen TVs showing the soccer championships as part of the background.  There are tables outside under an awning along the boulevard in the Garden District, lots of exotic hanging lights, and just a very comfortable welcome scene.  The head chef/owner even stopped to check on us after I had written everything before now and I have a greater understanding for why this place has such a radiant charm.  I hope you have as good of a time here as we did.Started with the chips and three salsas, two of which were frankly underwhelming.  It got better from there though.  
Tortilla soup was outstanding.  Rich without being heavy, with an intense depth.
Tacos were equally outstanding.  Carne asada and duck in particular.  The Steak with Chilaquiles was pretty good too."Mediocre" is a compliment.  From the minute I walked in until the moment I left, out of good faith, I searched for something positive to say.  The best that I could come up with was that the quality of the food was average.  Otherwise, everything else was significantly below what I expect - and I DO NOT expect much.BLUF:  Quality service.  Great variety of tacos and they are all great.
Giant spider on the wall.  I could do without that.  Other than that the atmosphere is modern and hip.
Staff was really great.  We got several orders of tacos.  I got fried chicken, mushroom/spinach, and pulled pork. They were all amazing.  
The staff kept coming out an apologizing for the wait but it was not a long wait so we appreciated the thought.  
We then got fried oyster log thing which was also great.  They apologized again for the delay which was unnecessary but then they offered free flan.  Classy move.  It really wasn't a long wait for our food but their apologies made us feel they stress service.  
All the food was great, we'd love to go back and try some more.Overpriced, loud and tasteless. Decent house margarita, but awful food.  I had a two taco combo of under seasoned chicken and a hunk of slaw marinated in only vinegar, the second taco of fried fish was half way decent only due to the fried fish whose freshness was debatable. The hunk of pickled slaw covering the fish taco tasted sour. It was terrible.  The rice was dry and tasteless, and black beans straight out of a can. No seasoning anywhere. The oyster/civiche was decent, but the chips were over salted and straight from on the border chips in bulk. Not sure I f the line cooks are not following the orders or if no one is tasting the food before it leaves the tiny kitchen, either way someone needs to check on the food and communicate.This place is awful! Made us feel unwanted and insecure for being ourselves. Don't go here! SAD!New Mexican spot located in the popular Magazine St. area near Eight St.
This restaurant used to be another Mexican joint but it got an overhaul and facelift.
Honestly I only came here because I heard they had a champagne margarita. It was totally worth the hype. They had a pretty eclectic assortment of margaritas. I'll try more next time.
The staff was very friendly and fast.Picked this place on a whim. Jalapeño pineapple cilantro margarita was recommended by the waitress and it was terrible. I couldn't even drink it. It tasted like something they used in it was old and rancid. 
Also got a pulled chicken taco and chips and salsa that were mediocre at best.
Service was okay. 
Probably should've just gone to the Bulldog next doorIt was beautiful out tonight so we Finally got around to an evening in the hood and tried out Araña - great margaritas and tequila/mezcal selections in particular. We missed the 2-fer happy hour tacos (much better options than he competition) but enjoyed ours nonetheless, plus the baked enchiladas. We will be backThis is absolutely a MUST when visiting Magazine Street.  Flavors are so unique.  Food is fresh & drinks are delicious.I stopped in for lunch and couldn't help but come back a week later for happy hour. I gotta say, coming from Texas, I wasn't too impressed with Juan's (too pricey) and felt lukewarm at best for Rum House (excessive portions). Araña however? I am a fan! 
Food wise, I have loved everything that I've ordered so far and can't wait to try their whole menu! Their flavors are bold, unique, and yet keep true to the authenticity that you'd find from a neighborhood taco truck. Heck they even have tacos de lengua! Their 2 taco 2 sides combo is a perfect amount of food. My only issue, if I had to really pick one, is that their tacos run a bit too juicy...by the time that you get to your last one, it's guaranteed to be soggy and crumble. (But I am a slow eater so maybe it's me?)  
Their menu prices are pretty good and the 1/2 off all drinks/tacos for happy hour is phenomenal (3-7PM, only $2~3 a taco!!).
Overall a fantastic place. Be sure to ask for some of their special hot sauce!!Well, I enjoyed my entree, which was the Chiles Rellenos De Picadillo, but my friends did not enjoy theirs so much. They had the tacos - one of which I had a bite of, but I didn't think anything was wrong with it... to each his own - and the other had the monterry grilled chicken, which was clearly overcooked. We enjoyed the selection of salsas, but the first batch of chips was over-salted. I also order a pitcher of red sangria for the table. It had a little something to the taste at first that was different, but as time wore on or our tastebuds had more, we realized that it was probably too much lime zest giving the flavor a bitterness that was a pleasant addition.
The service was decent and the atmosphere was unique. Other than those things, though, I doubt we have much reason to return. Again, I thought my food was fine, but there were clearly a couple of issues with food a drink. I'd rather go somewhere that I haven't tried before I go back to a place that has multiple strikes with the food and beverages.The jalapeño margaritas in a pitcher!  Super delicious guacamole and ceviche! Ask for Lisa as a server and Brooke as your bartender and you'll find no better place on Magazine Street.  Some of the negative reviews I read have proved to be invalid. Service and Food was excellent. I can't compare to other local restaurants as some, but I can say said place boasts some of the best and freshest food I've had during my visit.  Locals recommended it and it has lived up to the praise. 
Will definitely visit again when I return. Brooke is a beautiful Mermaid, but watch out for Kelly.  She's a wild one.This restaurant is LOUD inside, even if it's not packed. It was unbearable and food was below average but my boyfriend insisted on giving it another shot but with delivery.
We ordered 3 salsas, queso, and guac and they gave us a pathetic HALF A BAG of chips! It wasn't nearly enough.
We paid extra for chorizo in the queso, which they forgot.
I ordered a shrimp taco which had 4 tiny shrimp and NOTHING ELSE. No tomato, no lettuce, absolutely nothing. Just 4 pathetic baby shrimp on a dry rubbery tortilla.
All the salsas were bland, extremely watery, and one had a horrible aftertaste.
There are so many better places to go to. I won't be giving this one another chance.