Extremely upscale bar in the french quarter. I would definitely go here and check it out. The place is huge and there's even a small haunted museum upstairs.A must stop if your interested in visiting the quarter's historic bars and sipping NOLA's iconic drinks.  If you do stop by, be sure to order the French 75.  A cool feature of the bar is that they allow cigar smoking and will provide you with the necessary tools and even a cigar for purchase if you didn't bring one.  Great service in a relaxing dimly light atmosphere.Went here for a before dinner drink on a special night. I have always loved this place and still do. We sat in a cozy corner past the bar on some real comfy furniture. I ordered a Bishop and my friend ordered a French 75, the namesake. They were both great. What I like about Chris Hannah's concoctions is that he often uses cognac as the "spirit" in his cocktail, a nod to the French heritage of cocktail making in this great cocktail city. The French did not use  whiskey so much which is a British and American thing. So cognac or brandy, distilled grape juice, was the backbone of the French/New Orleans cocktail. When the Sazerac was created, it was made with cognac, not rye, a later evolution. Chris, your creativity and recognition of our French heritage, is noted and appreciated.
The only negative in my view is that it is a cigar bar, and thus smoking is allowed. To each his own.We had an amazing time here! Chris Hannah was attentive to my dry palate and made a custom whiskey drink that was delicious, was incredibly charming and suggested favorite local hang outs during our stay. Couldn't have asked for a better experience.We came here as our first stop on a self-guided "Cocktails of NOLA" tour. Since we put this together ourselves (and were only ordering one of each drink to try), we were prepared for maybe not the best service. Well, that didn't happen here. We were treated like royalty, even though the bar was packed and so busy. C. Hannah was our bartender and he took the time to answer our questions, write me his own list of the best cocktails of NOLA, and give us recommendations for the other bars we were going to. The service was fast, but the atmosphere remained relaxed. The bar is beautiful and you really feel transported to another time. It was the best stop of the night-best service and best drinks.DEFINITELY put this one on your TO DO LIST! If your looking for a classic NOLA cocktail bar, this is the place.Great bartenders(you got CHRIS HANNAH runnin the show here)! I mean these guys really know how to treat a customer...the service is on point! NEXT-the cocktails.WOW! I had THE BEST COCKTAILS HERE, ever, in my life. My husband had one of their signature cocktails with watermelon&Sauternes wine.amazing...in my opinion, this is the best bar in NOLA.period.(*shhh.theres a little surprise up stairs)This the most uptight bar I have ever been to. The staff is rude and full of them selfs.After kicking off our weekend with a horrible Sazerac at the bar named after the classic cocktail, the wife and I needed to rinse that bad taste out our mouths before dinner with a well-made drink.  Arnaud's French 75 was our first choice to make that happen.  Classy and classic, Arnaud's French 75 exuded old school warmth and charm.  Even though the bar was busy, our bartender was personable and professional throughout, not taking any short cuts or displaying half-hearted effort while making our drinks.  The cocktails were truly stars of the show.  I had the Winter Waltz ($10) made with rye whiskey, Averna amaro, St. Elizabeth Allspice Dram, DeGroff's Bitters, garnished with a star anise, and served in a vintage-looking coupe.  Although it was served cold, it was nicely balanced possessing distinctive winter spice notes that warmed my heart after an inauspicious start to our vacation.  We stopped at one drink since we had dinner reservations to make.  Arnaud's French 75 impressed with its excellent cocktails at surprisingly inexpensive prices especially given it's location.  It will definitely get my repeat business the next time I'm in town.A different world from Bourbon Street.  Pecan pie (traditional, room temp) and a French 75 namesake cocktail are the perfect end to a great day, dinner.  Some traditions stay because they enhance the quality of life.  This is one of those traditions.  At least it will be for me!It seems superfluous to write about an establishment that already has so many laudatory reviews, but as someone who is fortunate to travel frequently and sample many of the best bars along the way, I think that the French 75 is just about the perfect bar in just about the perfect city for imbibing. I know that Chris Hannah gets deservedly wide acclaim, but his lieutenant Hadi is a superb bartender in his own right - a genuinely friendly guy who makes flawless drinks with zero pretension and total attention to detail. He's generous with his knowledge of both cocktails and Nola and his original concoction the Tiki Sazerac is quite possibly my favorite drink ever.  Geaux!One of my favorite places to have a drink, the bartenders are splendid, the atmosphere is magical,the museum is divineThe food, the service, and the upstairs museum was so well worth it. I hope to return there the next time I'm in NOLA.Classic, classy.  Must have drink here for experience without drunk boozy tourists, no plastic hand grenade cups here.This is a really cool, upscale bar in the quarter. With it's cozy atmosphere and waiters in full attire you are made to feel special as soon as you walk in. I sat on a sofa and perused the list of fancy cocktails. Since I am not a big liquor drinker, I decided on a simple glass of red wine. It was, of course, delicious.
This is also a cigar bar, and although I don't smoke, they seemed to have a wide selection of stogies to choose from.This is an essential stop on a cocktail tour of New Orleans.  The French 75 is not my favorite drink - instead I went for the Thamyris (a campari and gin based cocktail) and a smoky mezcal based cocktail with lime and geniver.  A classy environment, top notch bartenders, and a much quieter vibe than a lot of bars in the French Quarter.  No doubt the bartenders could suggest off menu drinks if you give them an idea of what you like.This is one of my favorite bars in New Orleans.  It's part of Arnaud's, and is located right across from GW Fins.  Lots of dark wood, comfy chairs, and adorable old-fashioned lamps.   Great place for a date, after dinner drink, or anytime you want to be able to sit, relax, and carry on a conversation.  There's a bartender there who works on Saturday nights, (at least the last two times I was there, with the last being in late December 07) and he is fantastic- the epitome of what a bartender at an old New Orleans establishment should be- funny and fun to talk to,  extremely well-mannered, and kind.  Plus you can smoke!We went to this place with high expectations and it was very disappointing.  The drinks were not that great but what made me choose 2 stars was the service. We waited 20 minutes after being seated for a drink order and then after we got our drinks 35 minutes went by before we decided to go to the bar and ask for our check. No one came to take a food order or offer waters. A couple next to us who arrived at the same time got through 2 drinks and finished their appetizers, after seeing that we asked for our tab from the bartender.Classy cigar bar in the French Quarter.  Great place to stop for a drink (and a photo or two), but I wouldn't stay for more than one unless you smoke (because it can get overwhelming).  Don't order the bread pudding...it's overrated.Great little cocktail bar with monkey lamps.  Sazeracs are phenomenal. Pleasant atmosphere, at least until tour buses show up.This is a gem to find in the Quarter as an escape from the craziness outside on Bourbon.  It's a beautiful bar with that swanky old world feel many places in the Quarter have lost.  I always bring friends here for a classy, pre dinner stop - for a French 75 of course!  The mixologists are very good at their craft and I have never had a bad cocktail here.  If you get there early enough in the evening, you'll have nice leather sofas that provide a cozy place for great conversations that will turn one pre dinner cocktail into 3 or 4...Great bar with a great atmosphere. Fantastic service, they treat everyone like they're VIPs. Got the French 75 and the souffléd potatoes, a puffed up French fry type thing with an amazing bernais dipping sauce.Ended up at Arnauds after not being impressed at Carousel Bar. It's def a tiny place but felt cozy and inviting....and fancy. We sat at the bar, the bartenders were very attentive and friendly getting us set up. We informed them that we had no idea what we were doing as we didn't know what any of the drinks were, or for that matter what the ingredients in said drinks were. Hannibal (yes that was his name) gave us a quick run down and asked what we normally like to drink. He offered the most expensive drink first which would have normally irritated me, but the French 75 is a champagne drink, and I LOVE champagne drinks so I went for it. My friend, although vegan opted to go with his suggestion for the Pisco Derby (contains honey). Both of drinks were made quickly and they were wonderful. I'm not a drink expert by any means but these tasted good, and fancy! We decided to move on rather than order another drink as they were closing soon. We asked the other bartender Hadi if he could give us a few suggestions of cool places to move on to, he gave us a few suggestions--Bellocq, SoBou, and Perestroika at Pravda. We ended up at Perestroika---that review is coming!
Overall a wonderful experience I would absolutely come back here, they make you feel like the most important people in the world, and it didn't feel pretentious at all.My first time in New Orleans, and plus it was my birthday. 
The food is epic.  Try to sit in the jazz room, a small trio will come to each table and play a requested song. 
I love everything about this placeA delightful, elegant & romantic spot for a digestif after a romantic evening or a pre-dining aperitif to start off the night.What a wonderful atmosphere! An absolutely perfect place to stop and have an excellent cocktail.  The cocktails are honest and good, not overly sweet.  The beautiful old decor is perfect and there is the right amount of tables so that it's not overcrowded. The pictures don't do it justice, this place is a gem. 
1 star docked for arrogant bartender. If he had been slightly more helpful or even a tad friendly or interesting, this would be a 5 star place. 
Another important note, do not dine at the adjoining restaurant. Review on that coming soon. 
Also, the cocktails are pricey.Very small intimate bar thats decorated like it opened as a speakeasy in the 20's and never changed. The staff all wear tuxedos. The drinks are delicious. Be warned that it is very small so you should not come here with a large group. Order a nice drink, no jack amd cokes hereCocktail Geek Heaven.  Worth Traveling by Jet.  Or swamp boat.Quintessential New Orleans fine dining.  Many individual rooms and Balcony complete the scene 
Try alligator sausage 
Small elegant portions 
Jacket and tie
Black tie serviceThis is my fav in NO (so far)! Amazing ambiance, and the service is incredible.  And the cocktails are sooooo yummy!  This is a place I could sit and sip on cocktails for hours. Oh - and the small plates are also tasty.We've crawled all over New Orleans in jeans, sandals and tank tops. But with my mom along, who danced the Foxtrot and drank dirty martinis to Frank and Sammie, it was time to get our swank on.
Step through the door and back to 1940. Sink into one of the deep chairs under the light of a bellhop-monkey lamp, and try not to look around for Bogart and Bacall. Concentrate instead on the cocktail menu, and how many you think you can try without slipping from suave dandy to drunk-ass tourist. Because there are many, many to choose from. I started with a Sazarac, as good as any I've ever had. I'm not crazy about champagne, so I skipped the namesake. For round 2, I lightened up with a Lillet Cobbler, which is a perfect summer drink-a little bit fizzy, a little bit sweet, a little bit tart, and a whole lot of marvelous!
Now, you really need some food to soak up all that alcohol, and French 75 serves up a fine sampling of Arnaud's appetizers. The soufflé potatoes defy logic: little pillows of fluffy fried potato around...nothing. But SO good! Even better, if possible, are the shrimp and andouille callas-I could've eaten those little gems all night!
The surroundings are lush and beautiful, the music is classy, and the nattily dressed servers treat you like you're SOMEBODY. it was one of the best evenings this town has ever shown us, and that's sayin' something!The bar was a wonderful dark wooden place.  Very inviting.  It is obviously on the tour bus trail - as large sweaty groups kept thronging through.  Impressive to look at but much better available in the qtr.  The staff were rather aloof also which did not help.  Should be 2.5 starsThis bar should be on everyone's list of bars to visit in New Orleans.  The Contessa, their cocktail with Boodles gin, aperol, fresh-squeezed ruby red grapefruit juice, a house-made cranberry cordial and orange bitters is probably one of the best cocktails I've ever had.  The service was fantastic and the vibe was classy, but not snooty.  And unlike many upscale bars in NOLA, this place wasn't insanely overpriced.
I would have liked to stay and have another cocktail, but the smoke was starting to get to me.AMAZING overall experience. The restaurant and atmosphere is wonderful. I went there with a large group of customers and the service was impeccable. We had a private room and the balcony. It is a wonderful New Orleans feel and style restaurant. The food was very very good. Everyone enjoyed except for those who had the steak with béarnaise sauce. I had the steak without béarnaise and it was incredible. I have not eaten in the dining room, but it looks wonderful as well. I highly recommend ARNAUD for any group dinner. It is difficult for the wait staff to handle large parties like this one, but they were perfect.I'll preface the review with we're from NY and Miami. The food was, ok, nothing to write home about. Ambiance average also. Maybe it was the intro to this restaurant that left us less than thrilled, I dunno. Wasn't bad!!! Wasn't great. Not memorable..... I also don't remember the small spot we stopped in for lunch lol.My phone won't let me add the extra 1/2 star. This place is great! The ambiance is so classic and the staff is very nice. The mixed drinks are tasty! I didn't get to try the food but hopefully I can go back and try a nosh.Lovely place to have some drinks and snacks before dinner! Very cozy seats and an old school vibe.Classic and classy way to get your night started in New Orleans. The vibe here couldn't possibly be any different from the Bourbon St atmosphere just around the corner. The bartenders are as skilled and knowledgeable as they are hilarious, and the bar apps are inexpensive, local and unique. We always start with the spring rolls and the boudin-stuffed wontons with pepper jelly mustard, and then try something different from the wide variety on the menu. If you ask nicely, you may get a guided tour of the speakeasy-like museum above the bar that features the wild costumes and hats from the Mardi Gras of an earlier era.My girlfriend and I were visiting New Orleans for the first time and we ended up at the Jazz Bistro for dinner on our first night. Wonderful traditional French cuisine and a perfect jazz trio playing to each table throughout the night. 
After dinner we wandered next door to French 75. The drinks, obviously, were fantastic. The vibe is everything I look for in a bar. Old, clean and classy, with appropriate music at an appropriate volume. You could very easily forget the shit show that is going on right outside the front door on Bourbon St. 
I've been bartending for the better part of a decade, and our bartenders Hadi and Victoria run the perfect show. Punctual, welcoming, and familiar. Hadi had the type of social charm that is seldom seen nowadays. Between the two of them we instantly felt at home. He gave us a full tour guides book of information on the area in about 20 minutes of bar talk. I had a ring in my pocket and was looking for a place to put it on my girlfriend's finger unbeknownst to her. He offered a handful of awesome suggestions while she was in the ladies room, and by the time we were ready to leave I had decided that this was the place I would propose. 
As it was happening, the bar back Paul began taking photos, and by the time we had sort of come back down to earth there were two glasses of champagne waiting for us courtesy of a nice couple sitting at the other end of the bar. Paul emailed us his photos of our forever-moment before we had even left. They gave us a copy of the menu that had been signed with warm regards by all the staff and some customers, and I left the bar with a fiancée instead of a girlfriend. 
So I guess this review is more of a "thank you" than a review. You guys do what is expected of any bar in the genre perfectly, and you went infinitely above and beyond for us on our spontaneous special night. We will definitely be back, as this was the highlight of our trip and a night neither of us will ever forget. 
Thank you Hadi, Victoria, Paul, and the other bar back who's name I can't seem to recall. You are now part of a story in our lives that we will remember forever.Spec. Tac. Ular. My husband and I walked into the restaurant without reservations. They didn't have anything available in the main dining room but put us at a table in the lounge, which included a New Orleans jazz band for $4 (automatically added to your bill). The band was so good and never got so loud that I couldn't hold a conversation. 
The food was more traditional and not over-the-too creative, which was fine! My side salad had romaine lettuce and pistachios with a delicious dressing. Simple and yummy! My husband had a Caesar with anchovies! Yum!
He got the quail and I got the Cornish hen. We didn't leave a CRUMB on the plate. Again, simple and delicious. 
Our dessert was amazing as well. A toffee chocolate something. Sooo good. 
I had read reviews on their signature cocktail, French 75, so I got one of those. I really enjoyed it. 
It was such a pleasant evening. Service was amazing. I highly recommend this place.Loved coming to this bar!  Sure, it's in the Quarter, but because of its swankness, it keps the riff-raff out.  
Stepping in here, you'd think you're back in the 30's/40's.  Antique furnishings, and a cigar bar to boot!
Drinks are amazing, and staff is professional.  
Highly recommended!Four drinks later, and it was nearly a $50 bill. But that was expected. Named after the NOLA drink, French 75, (which I tried), this place was quite unique.  It was never overcrowded on a Sunday, but every seat was filled. Little nooks of four seats made it a very intimate space for great discussion with friends. You were far enough away from others that you could have your own conversation. Some bar seating maybe up to 6-8 people. Connected to the restaurant bearing the same name, but you couldn't hear or see that part which was nice.
Our server was nice to explain the drinks to us as most ingredients in the cocktails were foreign to us. However, his soft spoken voice and timidness was kind of weird as it seemed he was nervous and not confident in his job. I wished the level of service was a little higher, but he did his job and that was good. The server never crowded over us to buy more drinks constantly, which I liked but that also meant I needed to stare him down to get his attention. That place isn't big, so that was a little annoying.
Note: Vila Madelena was a very weird taste. Just be prepared.
French 75 wasn't as lemon flavor as I thought it would be, but I guess that was a good thing.Tracy and I went here because we were so over Bourbon St. It's a high end, fancy shmancy cocktail bar but still very accessible as the drinks were relatively reasonably priced.  It's small but the lighting and lamps (you'll see...) are great.  We took a look at the menu, starting Googling some of the alcohol used in their drinks and eventually gave up lol. Hannibal and Hadi were very helpful. We had no idea what these fancy liquors were but we ended up with delicious drinks!   I got the Pisco Derby and she got the French 75. We were both really happy and would have stayed longer but they closed early (it was Sunday) so we moved on but I'd really recommend it and would go back. 
It can get a little loud and smoky so be warned of that, but otherwise, great, great time.quality food. Amazing service and great atmosphere. Wine selection is good and the food tastes divine! Highly recommended!Had a fantastic dinner. Underwood was great he showed us the museum upstairs and should be a waiter not a bus boy. He was so personable and has a lot of knowledge.You can't beat the southern charm of this place! The staff is terrific. Very sweet and romantic venue.Drinks were good and the service friendly and quick. Wines were from $8-$12 a glass. But beware you CAN smoke cigars in the bar. I'm sure some folks like this but my hair smells like an ashtray now.Cute authentic place. Went only for the French 75 drink and it was great, pretty steep at about $14 per drinkIf you are in New Orleans for any amount of time, you'd be remiss not to step into French 75 for its namesake cocktail or, for that matter, any cocktail made by Chris Hannah. The drinks are beyond divine, the atmosphere impressive and the bartender world-renowned.In a sea of Bourbon Street bars, this one is an uptown oasis.  It's just off of Bourbon Street, but it's a thousand miles away from the karaoke-induced headaches pounding just down the street.
Mahogany wood lines the walls, and there's just enough light to feel comfortable.  It's quiet in here.
I slipped in by myself on a Sunday (they said they opened at 5:30, but the doors were locked until 6) and found myself a comfy chair in the corner.  You can choose to sit at the counter or on some victorianesque furniture around the room.  
Your bartender is in a tuxedo.  
I ordered an Aviation cocktail, made with Crème de Violette.  The stuff has a light lavender taste, and it lifts you out of your chair.  Be prepared to fork over nine dollars (the Crème de Violette is specialty liquor). 
This place is also a cigar room.  I chose a Churchill out of their case and puffed away for a few minutes.  I felt like I was in 1950's Brooklyn.  
Then a group of guys with a tour group came in and started singing - at the top of their lungs - God Bless America.  I peered out the beveled glass in the door, and the tourists wafting by.  In six minutes I'd be back on the puke casserole that is Bourbon Street. 
But at least I had found a new favorite spot to relax in the Big Easy.One of the nicest, most refreshingly unique bars in the area. I would say 5 stars if they still allowed you to have a cigar; however, the city squashed that. This is the perfect place to have a bottle of wine or a brandy milk punch with friends. Sit by the window and watch the people walk by or grab an oversized chair and enjoy the well decorated interior. Be sure to order the soufflé potatoes and boudin wontons.Great bar for drinks and appetizers. Prices are reasonable and the location is fabulous.  It was confusing at first because we first saw Arnaud's the restaurant -- due to the direction we were coming in. And thought it was way too fancy to grab drinks at because of the way we were dressed.
Then we kept walking and saw Arnaud's French 75!  It is actually connected to the restaurant as well.
Not only are the drinks delicious, they are beautifully garnished and crafted.  I forget the name of my drink, but it had cachaca and was delicious.
We ordered a few apps.
Boudin Wontons - delicious.  Different than your average boudin balls because they were in a wonton.
Oysters en Brochette - bacon wrapped fried oysters. YUM
Gougères - Gruyere cheese puffs. Little, fluffy balls of deliciousness.
Service was great.  Everyone there worked as a team to make sure you are doing ok. We went from the bar to the seating area.  Love the decor here. Great atmosphere.  Only downside is one bathroom stall.Wow, absolutely amazing ambiance. It felt really old-school and classy, but somehow laid-back at the same time. I didn't try any food, but I did try both the sazarac and the French 75, and both were some of the best I've had. Prices were fairly reasonable too; I think the sazarac was about $9, which was right in line with what I paid pretty much everywhere else. The French 75 was a bit more expensive, but it also used higher quality champagne than was typical. I easily could have stayed here drinking specialty cocktails all night, as both the cocktails and the atmosphere were perfect.Good ambiance. Cocktails are good and their chocolate toffee bombe dessert is delish!My friend and I did not want to deal with Bourbon Street and the smelly bars, so at the recommendation of  the Ritz, we headed to French 75. It was perfect! Super cool, laid back, not pretentious but "pressed". It gets a nice clientele, which is refreshing after dealing with so many drunken messes on Bourbon. A great place with great service to enjoy a low key drink and wonderful appetizers. Old school charm! Love it! I look forward to going back!!Not mind blowing but a very nicely made French 75 which I enjoyed and husband's Sazerac  equally as good.  The decor was a little underwhelming and the food a bit meagre.  We tried the souffle potatoes, rather bland as was the dipping sauce, also the pompano on toast did not have too much taste, though there were plenty of capers which pleases me.  The bar was busy but the service was very attentive and I must mention Ali our chap who was reserved but attentive and beautifully attired.Can I give this 6 stars? How about 7 stars? What a spectacular place. We had the Jazz Brunch and we're still raving about it. Great menu (only problem is deciding what to have), fabulous ambiance, and spectacular service (Linda, our server, was incredible. Cannot say enough good things about this place.I enjoyed a lovely, delicious dinner at Arnaud's with a large group of ladies.  We were treated wonderfully.  Seated in the Jazz Bistro area, we listened to the jazz band while enjoying most every appetizer, a variety of entrees, and many of the desserts.  The service was perfect.  The food was excellent.  My fish entree was delicious.  We were very impressed by our dining experience.  This restaurant earns its five stars.We stopped here to get a French 75 because they are a NOLA and Arnaud's classic. The drinks were delicious and the atmosphere was great (small and decorated beautifully for the holidays). The only caveat is that because it's small, you may not be able to sit right away. At the same time, the small and intimate feel is what gives it real charm.Not a dive bar, thank god. This is an excellent upscale cocktail bar where they make drinks, rather than just pouring them. My only advice is SIT DOWN CAREFULLY or you will crack your skull open on the wood paneling that sticks out from the wall. After a couple of drinks the pain will have gone away and you will be glad you came.Our favorite bar in New Orleans!  The French 75 signature drink is a must-have.  So refreshing and festive!  I would highly recommend a visit!The cocktail bar was like time traveling to the 30s. Looks like a swanky speakeasy with bartenders in tuxes (even the ladies). We felt so fancy here and loved every minute. Cocktails were tasty but kind of weak. Next time I'll get a martini instead of specialty cocktail lol.Not withstanding that this place isn't the best for vegetarians it is really good with that the offer. And the oysters are great. But what makes them stand out of the crowd is the service. Servers see very respectful and very prompt with any request. They are accommodating and respectful. Best customer service I have received.Paul was a great bartender! He told us a few stories about the history of the restaurant and recommends we go look at the museum upstairs full of Mardi Gras costumes! So cool to see. The drinks were delicious! I couldn't tell you what we ordered. The atmosphere was relaxing and you don't need to be super dressed up to sit at the bar.Amazing dinner date place!!! Very few veg options and the quantity was too small but the ambiance , service and the live music made up for these.
They have some amazing cocktails.
And the music group came to every table and played the jazz music of your choice which was sweet !!
Overall a good dinner place!Excellent old school bar and lounge. Loved the ambiance and the service. The drinks are top class as well...Had a great experience here at Arnaud's. I had to direct a meeting there and the employees there were superior! If you have any needs or questions, ask for Danny, Jeff or Juan (upstairs banquet rooms). They were so hospitable and they definitely earn their 5 stars as well as the rest of the staff. Arnaud's Remoulade was great! Had meat pies that were delicious!  What else can I say?
I also forgot to mention that Harold and Rodney were fantastic as well in getting us to remove our audio visual equipment back into the truck at 6am in the morning before the crowds appear.
As you see here, most of my Yelping is on the staff on various locations.Great place for lunch or dinner. I highly recommend starting with the alligator sausage and turtle soup. The Filet Mignon is so tender and delicious. The baked chicken is equally amazing. I wasn't very impressed with the potato soufflé.Don't miss the soufflé potatoes as a great snack while enjoying Chris' French 75 made with cognac!  Great, cigar friendly, intimate lounge with extra class!After trying the French 75 at Luke's and immensely enjoying it, we decided we need to stop by the OG institution that served up this New Orleans classic. Walking into the bar you are transported back to the 1940s. The decor and ambiance is awesome although there's quite a bit of undesired cigarette and cigar smoke in the cozy bar area for non-smokers such as ourselves. After trying their French 75, I have to say I came away a bit underwhelmed. I thought Luke's version was better and seemed to drink a lot smoother; perhaps from a lower champagne ratio. We decided to head out to another bar after the 1 drink, so I can't really comment on anything else.Came here with my daughter for drinks and appetizers before heading across the street to GW Fins for dinner. So happy that we did.
The Arnaud's French 75 bar is oozing with old world style.  We felt like we were in some black and white film, sipping our French 75s and nibbling our appetizers.  The prices may be on the high side but worth every penny just for the experience.  
The cocktail - French 75 was invented here and could not have been tastier.  The appetizer that we loved the most were the Gougères, Gruyère cheese puffs stuffed with Fontina Cheese.  Simple but perfection.  
It does tend to be crowded so be patient a table or bar seat will open up.  The crowd just adds to the festive mood so don't be dissuaded.7 Dinners all different, all very good  i had filet and done very nicely.  Had asparagus a bit overdone for me, tasty but too overcooked  
Service was a bit slowish but ok, biggest issue--loud way too loud for my taste seemed like everyone had to shout to be heard  
Third time here will be backThe vibe of this place is cool, it takes you back in time for sure. The drinks are delicious but pricey. The staff is polite and dressed up. Its a really good place to visit sober so you'll actually enjoy the drinks!Cozy spot off Bourbon Street. We met the bridal party here for cocktails after their rehearsal dinner.
This is a cute little spot, but not  a lot of seating. Service was friendly and the cocktails expertly mixed. I had the lillet cobbler, which was a great adult beverage. Sweet, but not too sweet.Stopped in here for a French 75 to start our recent Saturday night on the town. Loved the coziness of this sophisticated cocktail bar. Most drinks are reasonably priced around $10 (altho I think my French 75 was about $13-14) and expertly mixed, of course. Chris Hannah and his cronies are all class. Oh, also had tasty little boudin wontons ($5.75) w/ pepper jelly mustard.
Overall, a great place for a drink or two to start your night on a high note.I am not a big fan of mixed drinks because they all end up tasting like alcohol anyways. But all the cocktails here are amazing! You can barely taste the alcohol and its super tasty.  It's a tiny little fancy bar where you can dress up to sip drinks.  Service was great and everything was well worth the price. 
My favorite : The bishopOnly had drinks here and they specialize in a gin based menu which is not my favorite. Neat atmosphere in the bar and you can smoke which not many did but the option was nice. I wish I could have tried some food.Arnauds is interesting New Orleans eatery. It has a long history and has maintained is quality despite changes in ownership. It also has several parts, including a large, formal restaurant and two bars. We decided to get a couple of appetizers in the French 75 bar.
The bar it is small but beautiful. There is a huge wooden bar piece with all sorts of liquor. The white tile floor is a contrast to the dark wood and plush booths and chairs, but you feel like you are transplanted to a little bar in Europe. The distant and detached service also adds to this vibe.
M had the N'awlins classic Ramos Gin Fizz, which is a dangerous mixture of gin, lemon and lime juices, cream, simple syrup, egg white and soda water. It is simultaneously comforting and refreshing and goes down very easy. I had the Curari, which was like a coffee flavored Manhattan made from rye whiskey, coffee infused amaro, tawny port and orange bitters. Delicious!
The food was similarly awesome. We had the smothered okra, which was chopped okra cooked with tasso ham, Creole seasoning and lots of tomatoes. It was rich flavored but still light. We also had the alligator sausage, which is slices of smoked sausage (the flavor is reminiscent of duck) served with sweet braised onions and tangy Creole mustard. We rounded out our "snack" with 5 Oysters Rockefeller. The actual oyster is pretty small but the chopped spinach and bacon stuffing that is gratineed with a little gruyere is a winning combination.
I would definitely come here again!This bar is so pretty inside. Very old school. And as always in NOLA, we felt severely underdressed. But it's okay. The bartenders were cool about it, because they also have loud drunk girls coming and asking for vodka waters to go on the other end of the spectrum...
The French 75 is a bit pricey for its simplicity, but it uses good champagne and tastes like it just enhances the wine a bit. Very yummy and easy drinking. Definitely come here and try the classic!
I tried a couple of their drinks, a winter cocktail with anise and a tropical tiki drink. Both were delicious and balanced. Unique drinks. Looks like they change drinks out once in a while, which is nice. Not just milking the tourists and never changing. 
Compared to Antoine's bar, where the food and service and (happy hour) drinks were subpar, I'd definitely come here again instead for a couple of drinks before/after dinner. It's really small though, smaller than I expected, so you may have to stand and wait and snatch up seats as they free up.If you're coming to New Orleans you're probably thinking you're going to need a cocktail.  Look no further than Arnaud's French 75.  Set off from the craziness that is Bourbon St. is a classy establishment serving tradtional cocktails.  Everything we had was great, especially the namesake cocktail.
It is small and intimate to be sure, but it really is timeless.
215/365One of my favorite bars in New Orleans! It is a hidden gem and classy establishment. Great service and drinks. When I visited, I remember having a quartet singing!
If you are looking to escape the Nathan of Bourbon street, come here and you will not be disappointed.Officially my favorite bar in the FQ (I'm not the Bourbon St. type). We went two out of the three nights of our trip. While the signature French 75 is very good, I also enjoyed the Creole very much. For my last drink, I spotted cardamom bitters on the bar and just asked for any drink that might incorporate that (it was a slow night, so it wasn't a huge deal). The bartender, Vince, improvised the most wonderful drink... I wish I remember all that was in it, but I do remember gin, rosemary, grapefruit, cardamom bitters and a lemon twist. I'll never be able to go to NOLA again without visiting this place!Awesome dining experience. The restaurant almost seems over staffed. You're never unattended and your glass is always full. 
Food was awesome and the selection was great. Alligator sausage and crab claws for appetizers followed by the quail for the main course. 
Great wine list and the sommelier was very knowledgeable. 100% would go back!The Bananas Foster dessert is exceptional. Prepared right beside the table, fire show and all!Amazing cocktails!  Thank you Vincent!  TLC in a glass.I have nothing bad to say about this restaurant. I was worried the jazz music in the bistro section would be too loud but it wasnt, although i would recommend asking to sit far enough away from the musicians so u can hear your company. I ordered the trout almondine and asked for it grilled or pan seared, the way they serve it from menu is fried. The almondine topping was to die for!!! My aunt had the filet mignon that was peppercorn crusted (the name escapes me) which was cooked perfectly and also so delicious. Jasper was our server, ask for him! He is above and beyond and made the experience all the better. And of course do not leave there without having the bananas foster for dessert....seriously!I love the people that my friends and I become when we decide on French 75 for a night of fancy cocktails. As we enter the wooden doors and step foot onto the tile, we become a group of friends out of the roaring 20's. No really, we're pretty full of ourselves (theater types) and take it perhaps a step too far sometimes. That being said, I really do love it here. I love sitting in a corner chatting with my friends trying every (and I do mean every) drink on the menu with an old-fashioned thrown in for good measure. Chris Hannah runs the show here and if you know anything of NOLA mixology, you know this dude doesn't mess around. Every drink is skillfully made and has incredible depths of flavor. Atmosphere, drinks, fancy pants; it just makes me happy to know that I'll be drinking here. I'm not real happy when the check shows up, but it was all worth it for the experience. It can get smoky and loud in here at times, but again, as long as we're all having fun let's just live it up.A real treasure, just steps from the fetid river of undeserving humanity that seeks swill served on Bourbon Street.
Chris Hannah and his fine crew dispense a bevy of perfectly made standards and original recipes. Don't worry if the menu changes too slowly, they will blithely concoct something different at your whim. 
Although I'm loathe to do it, I have to take a star because sometimes the cigarette smoke is so pervasive, I am driven out.This place makes an amazing French 75 cocktail (duh), has wonderful waiters, and is a beautiful and classical room. Absolutely loved it. Highly recommend.Awesome cocktail bar.  Great (fancy) service.  It's off of Bourbon so the crowd isn't fratty at all.    Great way to get off of Bourbon and try something different.  The drinks were very reasonably priced.
170/365Well- made drinks in a sophisticated atmosphere. We got there right after the kitchen closed so I was disappointed I couldn't order any food. I ordered a tiki-inspired drink that was very good.  Literally just feet away from Bourbon Street, and a welcome respite and change of pace.Stopped in here for cocktails before meeting friends for dinner. The sazerac is a wonderful, anise flavored treat. It will put hair on your chest, so to speak. Of course, get a French 75. They serve it with Domaine Chandon. A refreshing treat. 
The bar is a small, classy spot.We stopped here for drinks on a Friday night. The bar is beautiful inside. Our bartender, Ryan, was wonderful and very attentive. We had excellent drinks. I can't wait to come back!Probably the most charming and authentic place that you can get a drink in anywhere close to the French quarter. French 75!Nice, but small. The couches fill up fast. Nothing really makes this place special. The drinks were good, very fine. The place is a little sterile I guess.Chris Hannah, widely considered New Orleans' best bartender and one of the tops in the country, went out of his way to personally bring us a complimentary concoction with 20 minutes left in 2013 after offering us a breather from his bar's unwelcome smoke-friendliness. He sent us through the accompanying restaurant to Richelieu Bar, mixologist Victoria's domain, and followed a few minutes later with his delicious St. Marten cocktail. Victoria, Mr. Hannah's protege, pours a mean drink with a kind smile and, when we ordered belatedly, cascaded four quick flutes of champagne within a minute of 2014. I challenge you to name a better place to ring in the new year.I thought this bar was just ok, but better than most things in the area. It didn't seem to have much character, despite the cozy (small) space. It was definitely hard to maneuver with a group, and just a few people smoking lead to a fairly noxious environment.The Good:
AMAZING atmosphere!!!  This is your quintessential old New Orleans bar.  It's just beautiful.
Classic cocktails done right.
The Bad:
Service was a little slow.
The prices are about what you'd expect for an upscale bar.What a wonderful place to get away from the craziness of Bourbon Street.  Love the vibe and the decor.Couldn't have been better! Very cool bar. Stayed for dinner which was outstanding. Excellent service and food, best redfish ever.Our party of 7 had to wait awhile for seating.  We lucked out and sat right next to the front door facing the bar.  We ordered wine, several signature drinks, martini and sazeracs.  We enjoyed our mixologists dressed in white tuxedos and black bow ties.  The service was excellent.  While we were there, we had a celebrity sighting.  What a great night with awesome family and friends!A classy, pricey spot to grab a drink from a French Quarter treasure. 
If you are in New Orleans with your parents then take them here to buy you some fancy drinks. They will be glad to get away from Bourbon St. We had a few cocktails here on Thanksgiving before heading out to listen to some Jazz tunes at The Spotted Cat!My favorite bar in New Orleans....we go for special occasions.Delicious brunch. Perfectly attentive service without being obsequious. I recommend ordering the Poached Eggs Arnaud so you can choose 2 different poached eggs from the choices. Every single item we ordered was perfectly prepared and carefully served.Had a really great experience here. Cocktails were really great. Of course, everybody tried the French 75, but the Contessa hit it out of the park. It can get busy at any point in the evening and the clientele sometimes is displaced by Bourbon St types, but otherwise it is simply a great place for some great drinks.This is probably the best place to eat on Bourbon Street, frankly. You will have to pay a steep price for admission (by New Orleans standards) to enjoy the delights within, but believe me, it is well worth at least one visit.
The food here is magnificent; the highlight for me had to be the creamy spinach side dish (order at least two - you will want to gorge on the stuff it's so good). The entrees were superb - we had the... The dessert was no joke, either: the crepes stuffed with praline-flavored cream cheese blew me away. Unbelievably delicious.
The restaurant is always packed, so reserve in advance if you want a seat by the jazz musicians or a window facing the debauchery on Bourbon.Beautiful cocktail room, friendly staff, hand crafted cocktails. Although it feels fancy it's not pretentious, and gets you away from the hustle and debauchery of Bourbon St. I definitely plan on visiting this establishment again.Serious cocktails that are reasonably priced in a cozy room. A nice escape from Bourbon St. debauchery. The staff was attentive and the cocktails strong. Classy and dim. Great for a date.Fantastic. I came to Arnaud's French 75 twice during my trip to New Orleans. The cocktails are mostly classics and all great. The bar has a great atmosphere. It's pretty upscale/formal, so it may be a good idea to dress appropriately. The service at Arnaud's is also great. The waiters and waitresses are willing to discuss the cocktails with you and share recommendations. One also invited us to view the small, creepy museum of mannequins on the second floor. If I'm ever back in New Orleans, Arnaud's is a must for me.If you're looking for Don Draper in New Orleans, look no more. Picture a classic, historic cigar bar where the drinks are flowing. I heard the Sazerac was perfect but as a lover of a classic French 75, this was simply heaven. 
Was it expensive? Absolutely. Was it worth it? In my opinion, yes. If you love a French 75 like I do, this is a must when in New Orleans.What a great little bar for a cocktail and appetizers. I didn't want to leave.Nice ambiance and just a relaxed but classy vibe to it.  Beautiful full scale wood bar with some Art Deco touches to the decor.  The staff wears tuxes , nuff said.The best throwback to another era. Amazing food wonderful service and great ambiance.The building is beautiful and the staff is knowledgeable on the amazing history of the restaurant. The brunch menu is a great deal and the jazz music is fun, especially when they learn on the spot a favorite song. They prepare banana foster tableside and makes the whole experience fancy.Chris Hannah is the most handsome, well-dressed and polite gentleman you could ever find tending a bar in New Orleans. What a great program he's running at the French 75 Bar! Pro tip: He makes the best Rum Southsides in the city. I love this place!The food was excellent. The alligator sausage was delicious and juicy. The oysters were also delicious win excellent flavors mixed. We really enjoyed the side of mushrooms as well. The service was extremely attentive. We truly enjoyed the experience, including the little jazz band (we sat in jazz bistro). We already recommended to others.I think it's official-- this may be one of the most expensive bars in the French Quarter-- but it's gotta be our favorite. Cozy and decadent with just an outstanding menu of tony bar snacks and the most attentive professional service. The drinks are peerless. Absolutely the best iteration of nearly every classic cocktail made famous by the city- from the complicated Ramos Gin Fizz to the sparkly Brandy Crusta, from the simple French 75 (perfection here, naturally) to the ubiquitous Sazerac. They are all lovingly prepared here. We even ordered To Go drinks & they came out with full garnish, perfectly iced, a cut above, as with everything here. No detail missed.GREAT PLACE.  Professional bartenders......they can make anything...and specialize in old school classics with a twist.  Great atmosphere.....a must stop if you're in NOLA French quarter.  Awesome time.Amazing experience. We dined here for a birthday and everything was great. There were several members of the wait staff who assisted us all night. They made amazing recommendations and we enjoyed everything; the drinks and food were superb. We made a reservation but it didn't seem like space was an issue.
After dinner, one of the host took us on a tour of the mardi gras museum and that was very interesting. He was completely knowledgable and pretty funny.Well, I was dressed too cool to go into the main restaurant last time I went, so they parked us in the bar.  Blessings come in all forms.  It was fun to watch Chris and his team work their magic.  The cocktails were all stellar, especially some fancy cobbler they have on the menu.  The food was some of the best in NOLA as usual.  If I lived nearby and was rich, I'd probably weight 400 pounds because I'd eat and drink here every night.  Be sure to check out the museum upstairs too, it's free and super cool.I feel this is the finest old-world New Orleans Restaurant.  The food and presentation are superb.  The dining room has a beautiful etched-glass window, brass chandeliers, all well sound-proofed from the Bourbon Street scrum going out outside.  The service is attentive and  knowledgeable, without hovering.  Cocktails are fresh, the wine selection good.  Had a wedding rehearsal dinner here in an upstairs room, superb services and patience for rowdy children anxious to explore the old balconies  and rooms.  This place is a class-act!A classy cocktail lounge and fine dining restaurant that offers quality New Orleans and Creole entrees since 1918.  The staff are prompt and are well dressed.  I really enjoyed listening to the Jazz band and enjoying their banana flambe.  Quality ingredients, good execution an entertaining show!Ask for the full menu at the bar! You will have an awesome night watching people walk to and from Bourbon street and the environment in the bar is much more relaxed than in the restaurant. We heard that this was the place to go for ANY traditional New Orleans drink, so we tried them all. The bartender was great and the dinner was perfectly done! Definitely come here when you're in town! The bar was a much more welcoming and comfortable place to sit than the dining area (we're less into the white tablecloth, napkins and personal waiter service than other people).Definitely recommend the French 75 signature cocktail - it was a lovely and tasty drink!  The Contessa and a rum special drink they had were also quite tasty. We tried a couple of appetizers too - the souffled potatoes, shrimp calas, and oysters brochette - all of which were delicious. It's pretty pricey, but a lovely place to go to grab a fancy cocktail and/or delicious snack.Stopped in for a quick drink. The bar is adorable and the cocktail selection is fantastic.Although this is an establishment that has been in the French Quarter for quite some time, it is no mistake that it still makes Eater's Cocktail Heat Map.  My friend and I decided to work through some of New Orleans' classic cocktails (http://drinks.seriouseats.com/2011/03/classic-new-orleans-cocktails-for-mardi-gras-ramos-fizz-vieux-carre-french-75-sazerac-hurricane.html) and left with so much more.
There were a couple bougie people who left after learning Chris Hannah wasn't there that night.  It was a dumb move on their part, but it gave us the opportunity to hog Hadi and Kristina to ourselves so we could enjoy well-made drinks and mine them for info on where the cool kids hang out.
It was a great place to kick off what ended up being a fantastically drunken evening, and I'd definitely go back.Stopped in late one Sunday evening for drinks with friends.  There are several cozy and comfy seating areas in this bar that are perfect for 2 couples to sit privately and enjoy some great drinks and conversation.  
The drinks they offer are affordable and nicely done.  They even have Reidel wine glasses (for those who prefer a better glass while enjoying your wine).  Staff was friendly and attentive as well.One of my favorite places in this entire city. It's like stepping back into 1930's Paris.. You know that Woody Allen movie "Midnight in Paris"? I'm waiting for Gertrude Stein to sidle up to my table one day.
The great thing about the French 75 is that they have their own bar menu with great food, or you can kind of manage to order off the Arnaud's menu and the dessert menu. We always stop in here for the flourless chocolate cake - so fab. 
Chris Hannah bartends here, and he's obviously the most amazing, but everyone else here is great too. 
It's also a cigar bar, so be sure you know that before you come in. Not great for large, loud, rambunctious groups. It's the antithesis of Bourbon Street.So we got married. We went to the courthouse and kept things pretty simple but we wanted to take our family to an unforgettable dinner to celebrate. We chose Arnaud's for the tradition and ambience of Reveillon and we were NOT disappointed. We had a group of 16 seated at two adjacent tables. Everyone keeps talking about the food and the service - both outstanding. Plus, visiting the Mardi Gras museum was a fun way to cap the evening for a group of folks who live in other parts of the country. Dewey, Francois, Charles, Bobby, and the whole gang made the experience one of a kind and something we will always remember as a highlight of a special day!This is a great classic bar - part of Arnaud's restaurant next door. Chris Hanna is the barman and has a good understanding of how to make a great cocktail. I've had the French 75 (of course), the Rappahanock (sp?) and several other drinks that he's put together for the cocktail list. You can also order off the menu from Arnaud's if the bar is not too crowded. A great place to take a break from the craptastic-ness of nearby Bourbon Street, too."Work is the curse of the drinking class" ~ Oscar Wilde
This is a bar with a setting of the 20s. Ask for Chris Hannah and he'll whip you up some of the best of the best cocktails New Orleans has to offer. Bartenders here attend bar conferences across the globe and will show you where the next bar conference will be at. He whipped me up a Pimm's Cup that is an alternate to my fave mojito drink. Drinks are about ~$10. Not bad! Go upstairs and you'll see a museum of the Mardi Gras Queen in her lavish outfits. This is a pit stop if you'd like to also have a cigar at the bar.The food was excellent, and the ambiance was amazing. the only reason this isn't a 5 star is because i absolutely hate 'team serving'. Part of the fun of dining is being able to interact with your server, but, i had 4 people coming to my table, and it crossed the line of being intrusive. 
i will definitely go back next time I'm in NOLAGreat quiet cocktail lounge that appears to be a throwback to those found a century ago. Wonderful ambiance, great personal service, and the cocktails are well done.This was the best food I had in New Orleans.
The crabmeat was so fresh and delicious. I ordered snail soup for the first time in my life and was great! Veal is to die for! and of course the best French 75. Their service was amazing too.Came for dessert and drinks on a weeknight. A  fancy, clean and quiet little place by bourbon street with great attentive service.Upon entering Arnauds French 75 bar you feel transported back into time. Love the decor. Excellent handcrafted cocktails. Very attentive waiters. Recommend to higher end clientele away from the younger crowdOf all the wonderful restaurants I visited in New Orleans, Arnaud's stands out in my memory as being one of the best dining experiences. I dined with Arnaud's for Sunday Jazz Brunch, which was a perfect combination of the two best reasons to visit New Orleans. Some wonderful musicians played jazz right at my table as I dined on several courses of some of the best brunch food I have ever had, including Shrimp Arnaud and bananas foster. In my opinion, Arnaud's Sunday Jazz Brunch is a must-do for anyone visiting this awesome city.We enjoyed Arnauds French 75, the drinks were quite good. I really like a French 75, but to be honest, we decided it would be a bit cliché to drink one here. The cocktail menu had other good offerings and they were mixed well.
This appears to attract an older crowd, which was fine, but as one early 30s and one 40 yo we were definitely looking like young chickies here. It was a nice atmosphere but the service was quite slow. We waited a long while for our cocktails, then our server did not reappear to check on us and it took quite a while for our check. The bar was busy, but did not appear to be overwhelmingly so. 
I might go back again, if circumstances took me, but I'm not sure I'd make it a point to.They had the two drinks we were craving : mojito and Ramos Gin ! Drinks were delish. Good ambiance.  However I was watching a short video on my phone and was told to turn it down though people were talking even louder than the video. Meh, kinda pissed me off.Gorgeous, classy bar, and excellent service.  Great place to catch a drink before dinner, which is exactly what I did!  Highly recommended.Great bar...but I don't even want to call it a bar, she's more of a lady than that!  Actually, I almost don't want to even write about it, it's such a great classic place to go.  The bar is beautiful, old.  The bartenders were so friendly and helpful.  Chris was great!  Cocktails yummy.  If you go to one classic NOLA place for a classy cocktail - this is it.Alas, they don't sell cigars anymore (boo!) but the drinks are still good. We had the gin fizz, french 75, and a few appetizers. I'd skip the appetizers next time. Nothing stood out. I also didn't like the French 75, it's just not cup of tea but they were making lots of them so I think they're popular here, hence the establishment's name.It has a lovely ambiance. It is small and intimate, which is perfect. The waiters are friendly and their French 75 is delicious.Best cocktail bar we visited in new orleans. Entire staff was great. Chris Hannah was really friendly and recommended some other great spots to us. We ordered a couple drinks off the menu trying to test their knowledge and they skilled every single one. Very classy ambiance. Felt like we were in the 1920sI really dig Arnaud's French 75.  It just feels like such an old school bar.  Dark wood. . . dim lighting from awesome monkey lamps. . . a bartender in a crisp white jacket.  
We had just stopped in for drinks and an order of souffle potatoes.  We both ordered French 75 drinks.  They were very tasty.  I loved the big lemon peel in the drink and the tart taste that it contributed to the drink.
The highlight for me was the souffle potatoes.  I had gotten them once before.  They are puffed up french fries, lightly salted, and served with Bearnaise sauce.  Maybe it's just me, but I find them irresistible and totally unlike anything I've eaten before.  I mean, sure they're basically french fries but the texture of slightly crusty edges and a soft, puffy middle is just great.
Eventually I'll try something other than a French 75 and souffle potatoes, but for now those are my go to in this throwback bar off of Bourbon street.Hands down the best cocktail menu I've experienced. The El Guapo Fashioned is highly recommended! Besides the drinks; a great classy spot a football throw away from Bourbon St., that really felt like it was miles away from the chaos outside. Chris Hannah is a humble legend, and you'll be lucky to try one of his creations.Came in for Fri Happy Hour at French 75.  Excellent old fashioned's and French 75's. They are known for their souffle potatoes. They were a novel item.  I prefer fries. Christoph was wonderful and gave me great restaurant and bar recommendations around town.Came here for a drink before dinner while on a Bachelorette party.  The space it's self is really pretty and classic and the location is very convenient.  They had a nice selection of wines by the glass and mixed drinks that looked very good (I did not try any).  There was a nice group of people there mix of younger and older, couples, etc.  Would definitely go back.Back home I would have balked at the thought of paying $13.75 for a cocktail, but this was vacation and Arnaud's French 75. So I threw caution to the wind and ordered a French 75 and it was the absolute best one I have ever had. A mixture of; Courvoisier VS, Sugar, Lemon Juice and Moet & Chandon Champagne, are the ingredients that made it worth every penny. 
Being a jalapeño junkie, I was tempted to get the Brie and Jalapeño Stuffed Shrimp. However, after discussing with a bartender who also loves jalapeños she recommended I go with the Soufflé Potatoes, which I had expressed as my second choice. I'm fairly confident she guided me the right way. These Soufflé Potatoes were little pillow puffs served with a hollandaise sauce. I was content single dipping these delightful puffs of potatoes, but Charles H. idea of double dipping and making them a gourmet Cheetos, is genius and devilish at the same time. 
I had planned to return Saturday night to try the Brie and Jalapeño Shrimp, but got sidetracked. It just gives me another excuse to come back in the near future. One thing that I die fell guilt about my visit at Arnaud's French 75, is the fact that the song, "The Night They Invented Champagne" from the musical Gigi was constantly playing in my head. 
When: August 26, 2016
Why: The Night They Invented ChampagneWe had a great experience here. We came in right before the brunch hour was over, so we didn't have any food. We were able to have two French 75's at the bar, and had a great conversation with the bartender. The atmosphere here is great - totally old school, but great for people watching. It's a solid mixture of tourists and local southern belles.I have been here a number of times with clients.  Never fails, and never not exceed expectations.   Exceptional food, service, and the music was great.  The 3 person band went table to table asking requests, and singing table side.Just go. And try to go when Chris Hannah is on shift. He is described elsewhere as a treasure of NOLA, and it is not an exaggeration.I had the pleasure of getting to visit this historic location during the 2012 Tale's of the Cocktail gathering.  To give a brief history- The restaurant was opened by Count Arnaud Cazenave in an 1833 mansion.  The bar was originally a 'gentlemen only' club and a safe haven for political figures.  The bar and back bar are truly vintage, dating to the late 1800s.  How the name came to be though, well, is kind of ironic if you are one of the countless people that make fun of the French army.  To be fair, it was strong back then, but anyway, the bar and their namesake is derived from the French 75 Field Rifle.
We came here to pay homage to the cocktail, learn its roots, and experience its birthplace for what it is today.  Connected to the restaurant, but separated by look through doors, the bar was very tight and seating was invariably limited during the prime time of drinking hours.  Bartenders and bar backs manned the bar, churning out and endless variety of drinks.  A bar manager moved around rapidly in his black, penguin tail tuxedo, complete with bowtie and slicked back hair.
On the wall was a large cabinet of cigars to choose for the perfect compliment to your cocktail.  Many, many people had taken advantage of this is the small, cramped space, and three-quarters of the way through our cocktail, I found myself a bit sickly from the profuse clouds of smoke beginning to fill the room.  Thankfully we were quickly on our way out, but nonetheless, the experience and to get to see such a gorgeous bar was very worth it.When my girlfriend and I visited on a Saturday night close to closing time, I did not experience the mind-blowing amazing service with bartender Chris Hannah like some of the other reviewers, but the service was still normal great and the drinks were delicious. Most importantly though, I loved the ambiance.
The attire, the decor, the drinks, and the smoking indoors (being from New York and San Francisco this was extremely unusual for us) everything just felt so classic, we loved it.What a fabulous place to be!! Visit from out of town and wanted to grab a bite at a local restaurant with an authentic New Orleans feel. Located on Bourbon street, Arnaud's is a beautiful restaurant with a kind and patient serving staff. We had a team of 3 people waiting on us throughout the night. They were so genuine it really took our experience to the next level. The food was superb and authentic. On my next visit to NOLA, I will be sure to stop here!Ended up going here with a group of friends for a progressive dinner during Christmas time. The restaurant was decorated immaculately. It reminded me of what old New Orleans might have been like. As a part of our reservation we made sure each person was able to have one of each of the different oysters they offered. Each oyster was just as delicious as we had hoped it would be. I think we all were very glad to have that delicious bread as well because the French 75 was not to be taken lightly. All in all, it was a wonderful experience and I would love to return.Amazing food and exceptional service. Definitely have Strawberries Arnaud and the filet. If your in the bistro you get to listen to jazz as you dine.We dined here with a larger party and arrived without reservations.  The staff was able to quickly pull together a table for all of us without any fuss.  We were seated close to the live "band" and enjoyed a great performance while we dined.  The attire here is dressy to formal, if you were wearing jeans you might have felt out of place but not un-welcomed.  We had Oysters, Pork, and chicken, all of which was delicious and very flavorful. All of their desserts were also delicious. Highly recommend this for a nice dinner out in NOLA. PS don't forget to try their renowned Souffle.
Edit: upon reviewing our dining receipt we noticed we were charged for the seemingly included live music.  We've eaten at many 4 and 5 star restaurants and never received a  "music charge" on the bill upon closing out our dinner tab.  Very tacky thus resulting our changing from 5 stars to 3 stars.Came here for Thanksgiving dinner and it was amazing. We didn't have a reservation but the hostess seated is right away. I had the set thanksgiving menu for $55 dollars - butternut squash soup, salad, turkey entree and pecan pie dessert. The Entree was very tasty, I was so full with satisfying southern food.
Their regular menu looks great too, I will return to try some seafood.An absolute gem in the French Quarter.  Arriving late evening, under light rain, the moment I peered through the beveled windows of their wood French doors, I felt a palpable excitement, a feeling like I just saw another, more vivid world entirely.
And indeed, strolling into this handsome and elegant place is like entering another era, lit in mellow gold, with a gorgeous armoire-like wood bar, and small tables with big, leather seats.  It nails the old-fashioned look and ambience perfectly.  Its a cigar bar, which seems quite fitting, but decide how you feel about that before staying.  It is adjacent to its parent, the French restaurant Arnaud's, and offers a small food menu we didn't partake in.
We happily took seats at the bar and started off with some New Orleans cocktails to continue our exploration of the local libations.  I had the Ramos gin fizz, a deceptively light but delicious cocktail; my companion had the Vieux Carre, well-made.  Although we would find subtly more complex and interesting versions the very next night at Cure, these were still very well-made drinks.  Their menu is succinct, but based on the quality of the drinks we've had, the bartender can probably make you a drink you didn't know you wanted.  On round 2, we ordered off the menu; I found I enjoyed The Contessa the more I drank it; my companion was last still working out his opinion about his Winter Waltz, which was distinguished by the inclusion of allspice dram.  Extremely reasonably priced cocktails, most under $10.
Notably, I discovered after we went that we were luckily in the hands of Chris Hannah, a very highly regarded bartender in NOLA.  I'd love to go there again when he's working the bar.
As we departed this gorgeous bar, my companion noted with irony that they deserve a better sign outside than the flashy neon-lit one afforded them, probably a concession to the neighborhood, but a place like this doesn't need it.  Well worth a visit if you enjoy good cocktails, and unbelievable that it exists here.We went to this bar area to get the French 75 drink; a remembrance of a lovely family wedding.... But we stayed to have a meal at the bar and had the most amazing time and for what I consider a reasonable price.... Boudin wontons so creative and the souffle potatoes we are still describing!  The house salad broke up the richness but the roasted mushrooms app plus bread was so good too!  Again the bar folks made the evening so lovely and fun we certainly would go there again.We were recommended to this place by an old man we thought was just a random, but turned out to be one of the most well respected bar tenders in New Orleans, Paul Gustings. Fancy drinks, but well worth the hype. It's like you stepped back in time. I got the French 75 and I can't remember what he got, but they were both delicious. Plan to pay a pretty penny, but you get what you pay for in elegance and ambiance.I love French 75 when I have guests visiting Nola.  Ordering some of their classic (but labor intensive) cocktails at other establishments can get you more than an eye-roll from the bartender - but here it is their specialty and they make them with joy and care.  My favorites are the gin fizz and the pisco drink they have on the menu, but you should surely also try the namesake French 75.  I wish they opened earlier as it seems like I'm always arriving 30 minutes before the doors are open, but I'm sure that's based on when Arnaud's Restaurant opens for business.  Great spot to take visitors.Decent food, nice ambiance, classic NOLA.  I had the fish and the trio of veal, crayfish and crab. It was decent.  I would for sure come back here again. It's a solid restaurant with a solid reputation, and it still delivers quality food.This is a great old school speakeasy style place with great cocktails. They have many of the prohibition era cocktails that are making a comeback. We had Moscow Mules, Pimm's Cups, Sazeracs, you name it! A great time was had by all. We took up two tables and our waiter was very accommodating, despite our crazy group.The smoked Pompano was so delicate and Devine, the filet au pouv was five star delicious, the service from head to toe was first class and on spot!  Highly recommend this resistant for excellent food and service.  The Strawberry Arnaud - no words!!  Yummy yummy in my tummy!!The French 75 Is one of the most beautiful fancy bars in the whole world. Between the elegant décor, and the absolutely top notch cocktails, you can not go wrong here.When my gf and I stopped by on Saturday night, the bar was beyond packed so we walked out. Not ones to be deterred on a quest for a great cocktail, we returned the next day with much better luck and were easily able to grab two open seats at the bar. And even better luck that Christoph happened to be working. This man knows how to make a cocktail! My gf is a huge fan of the Brooklyn cocktail, which is rarely on menus due to the difficulty getting amer picon in the US. This place makes their own in-house- HOW COOL IS THAT?! She ordered the Brooklyn, natch, and since we always like to try different things, the lovely talented Christoph introduced me to a "Creole" cocktail which subs Benedictine for the Brooklyn's Luxardo. I was worried the Benedictine would make it sweet, but as he promised, it was actually less sweet, and totally perfect. Lesson learned- trust this bartender. 
My girlfriend had a sweet tooth and I never say no to dessert. We went with the recommended chocolate toffee bombe. This was a good-size serving of light chocolate mousse topped with a chocolate ganache. Really good, but really rich.
Although he gave us a list of recommendations for the rest of our visit to NOLA (thank you, working my way through it!), I will definitely be back to this place. Super fabulous bartender Christoph, great drinks.Wonderful restaurant! Impeccable service and delicious food! The gumbo is awesome! The sautéed mushrooms were my favorite part of the meal! (with the exception of the creme brûlée) 
The live three piece jazz band is a great addition! They came right up to our table and played us a romantic tune! Love this place! Will definitely be back!Awesome oysters! Southern hospitality 
 Hung out here as I was waiting for my table at Arnaud's. I thought I should have a sazerac as I was in New Orleans. It was pretty damn good, but the baked oysters were the spotlight. I don't remember all the different types/names, but they were super fresh and super tasty.
Would highly recommend!Declicous food, prompt service, and great location right in the mix of everything.  What's not to like?Cocktail landmark headed by the most talented historical cocktail bartender in the country, Chris Hannah. You step into a different world when you step through the door. Other craft cocktail establishments have to pay designers thousands of dollars to imitate the authentic air that this place owns. To be able to have the ridiculously superb orsters from Arnaud's while enjoying it all is just icing on the cake.Elegant does not even begin to describe this place.  For me, it was like stepping off the crazy streets of the FQ and going back in time.  The bartenders were friendly but not overbearing.  Although it was fairly empty when we arrived, it filled up quickly.   The drinks were wonderful and we opted for a few appetizers (definitely order some appetizers, the Shrimp and Andouille Calas is delicious!)  While you are there, don't miss the opportunity to try the French 75, Chris makes it perfect!First I would like to say that we ate at several four and a half to five star restaurants in New Orleans. This was by far the best restaurant we experience in New Orleans. The food was superb the service was excellent and the atmosphere was incredible. As far as the food goes this was in the top 5 restaurants I ate at in my life. Just an FYI the wife and I have ate at five star restaurants across this country and this by far is in the top five. If you are in New Orleans and you do not try this you are missing out.Small bar but efficiently managed with great drinks.  We were a group of 6.  Came in and the bartenders/servers are attentive and asked us what we wanted.  They said a table would open up soon and we were able to sit and enjoyed some delicious cocktails.  It's not overly loud either so you don't have to shout to talk to each other.Iconic, beautiful, a must visit spot in New Orleans if you are a cocktail fan.A French 75 costs a pretty penny but let me tell ya! It was worth EVERY cent! My favorite drink I had in New Orleans by far! Plus, the awesome museum that they told us to go check out upstairs was pretty fun to check out while we sipped our liquid gold. 10/10 must try!When I make a mental list of the places I MUST visit in New Orleans, Arnaud's is always at the very top. I believe at least a portion of anyone's afternoon in the city should be dedicated to sipping on expertly crafted cocktails. Yes, I do love a 3 for 1 drink deal, but attention should be paid to the classics, the drinks that really paved the way to Red bull and vodka. If you agree with me, then a trip to Arnaud's is in your future. The atmosphere is divine, like a trip to the old world. I usually opt for a French 75 or a Ramos Gin Fizz here. And then I take it all in.GREAT!  The drinks where great, the food was wonderful and still new orleans.  They blended the local crab with true quality.  I wanted to go back the entire time I was in NOLA.  The area was clean and wonderful, service was perfect.Absolutely the best atmosphere of any bar we visited in New Orleans. A little smokey, but worth it. Great drinks (a little pricey but fits the setting), antique furnishings, bartenders with style, that soft golden lighting like you see in the movies. Went on a Tuesday night, it was busy but got a table right away. Just busy enough to solidify the atmosphere. Unfortunately my friends were ready to call it a night or I would have stayed put for a good while!! FYI there are three different Arnaud's in the same block. Make sure you are going to FRENCH 75! You won't believe the difference between this bar and the regular restaurant bar.Excellent bar, they know everything there is about mixing a good drink (and a detailed drink at that). It's a cigar bar though so the smell is a bit of a put off and the bar was very hard to get a seat at which makes sense because it's so popular. Go during the off hours if you want to avoid these two problems and you'll have a good time, though we found that a lot of the mixers they use are made in house and are not ready until 5:30 so you'd miss out on that.Wow, where do I start? The atmosphere? The cocktails? The souffle potatoes? My head is spinning. And not just because of the liquor. 
The bar is outrageous - in the best way possible. Beautiful classic style furniture and lighting dimmed to a nice romantic ambience, this place looks like it was yanked right out of the early 20th century. 
The service is top notch, as would be expected in an establishment of such notoriety, but our servers were fantastic all the same. Warm and fun to order from, they were accomodating and quick, even with a full bar. 
And of course, the cocktails stand up for themselves. Even if they were served in dixie cups out of a back alley window, I'd still say they were a steal for the price. I'm almost without words - keyword almost. I started with the Ellipses and Dash and finished with a classic Pimms and wow. Just. Wow. 
That'll all I got. 
And the food. We started with an order of their famous souffle potatoes, which came with some kind of aioli and I can tell you one thing. They're famous for a reason. Amazing. Along side the potatoes, we ordered the shrimp and andouille calas - and fell so much in love we had to order more. Seriously, they were incredible. They came out hot and crispy and with a nice little pop of heat and had another fantastic dipping sauce, I'm sure if we'd sat their any longer, we would have ordered a third round without any regrets. 
Even if you're on a budget on your trip to New Orleans, make room for a night of luxury and stop by Arnaud's French 75. You'll be more than thankful that you did.After having a really bad experience in other restaurant I'm very glad we found Arnaud's. Great customer service and food! Highly recommendedEverything was great about this restaurant!!! The Jazz combo performed during dinner and went table to table to accept requests.Great place...loved the atmosphere and the beautiful crystal chandeliers. Service was good, oysters and escargot were amazing and the filet mignon au poivre and asparagus with hollandaise was cooked to perfection! Id definitely come back and try other things on menu!Best bar I've been to in ages. Like another world after walking the 1/2 block down from Bourbon Street - - really well appointed all around, comfy, classic, fabulous atmosphere. We sat, enjoyed delicious cocktails and really wonderful conversation. Seriously, bartender Chris (professional, friendly, competent) made us the BEST cocktails I think I have ever consumed. He was We said "Gin" and he provided the Aviation and the Moviegoer (my new favorites). Then again before we left town, we said "Whiskey" and I sadly could not remember the names of the cocktails but they were equally delicious. So lovely to find such a great spot and a return to classic cocktails, perfectly executed, with delicious authentic ingredients. This is gourmet bartending, in a way. I fell in love with French 75.It's day two of eating and drinking in the French quarter, now we are stepping it up a notch.  This place is been around for a while, in fact, they opened their doors in 1918. I would say this is a wonderful place to start your evening of eating and drinking. We dined in the private room upstairs. First we enjoyed a couple of potent cocktails on a delightful balcony overlooking the street where we were able to capture the feel of the French quarter - Beautiful!
Before actually sitting down for dinner, We toured their Mardi Gras museum. Quite impressive! Then we grouped up in our private dining room. Our servers name was Rocky - he gave us some solid dinner recommendations as well as history of the restaurant and New Orleans. 
I started my meal with an appetizer, gulf shrimp marinated in a tangy Creole remoulade sauce served with boiled Louisiana crawfish salad- superb! I followed that opener with a chicken and Andouille gumbo - another total hit.  For my main course I dined on a sautéed gulf fish fillet topped with fresh Louisiana crab meat - this flaky white fish dish was prepared perfectly, a solid ten! Our dessert was prepared table-side. It was called a flamed strawberries Arnaud. The treat was made up of fresh strawberries sautéed in butter with strawberry purée and orange Curacao. Flamed with Brandy and served over French vanilla ice cream topped with whipped cream and sliced almonds - a sweet treat to end your meal with. 
Don't miss this wonderful French quarter experience.
Salute!Admittedly, I have several hundred more pet peeves than the average person; most deali with my beloved New Orleans...Todays bellyache is caused by the term "mixologist" and modern sleek bars. I'm sure there is a place for that kind of silly aloofness, and but it certainly ain't in the classic environs of this city.  An old friend who makes one of my favorite drinks better than anyone around lost me as a customer for life when I just couldn't take hearing about the burgeoning mixologist scene here. Now some places use the term Bar Chef...Ugh...Keep that crap in San Francisco, New Orleans is a city where a drink should be served the old fashioned way...by a bartender. And French 75 has bartenders.
This is what an upscale bar in New Orleans should be. The other reviews describe it well, but don't even mention it has a hat rack. Damn straight it has a hat rack....I take my hat off in some nice places and I have to keep it on my  lap? A bar with a hat rack with bartenders wearing bow ties who make some of the best cocktails in town in an old style elegant surroundings? You just can't go wrong. I start with a Ramos gin fizz and let the bartenders take it from there.  You can trust them, they know more than you do (or at least,  certainly more than I).
Every time I end up in the Quarter in one of my finest thrift store suits I make sure to  enjoy some drinks here, as it's an utter waste of 1940's style clothes if you don't wear them at this place (No need to over dress, but I wouldn't come in here casual...it just wouldn't feel right) 
Small, intimate and sexy as hell...bring the one you are trying to woo; you can't go wrong.Came here for a drink with a friend before our 6:30 dinner reservation at another restaurant. It's a beautiful bar. The bartender and waiter provided great service. We both ordered the French 75. It was a delicious drink. My friend is diabetic and they were able to accomodate him and make it with a sugar substitute. 
Classy atmosphere. Will definitely visit again.Stopped in for some old fashioned cocktails and some New Orleans charm.  Drinks and service were great. They really deliveredBeautiful 19 century decor, delicious selection of high grade spirits including single malt scotch.  Nice place to enjoy a cocktail and soak in the atmosphere of the old French Quarter.  Very romantic ambiance.Dinner here is elegant and the food traditionally new orleans french cuisine. Cocktails are the key! Cant go wrong with any if their specialty drinksWhile on another visit to New Orleans, we were really excited about going back to the French 75. Unfortunately there was a guy sitting by himself in the middle of the place with empty chairs nearby blowing a cigar smoke screen all around him. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind a good smelling cigar. I just don't want to smell it while I'm savoring a quality cocktail. They just don't go together in my opinion. Maybe with a glass of whiskey, but that's about it. Off my list.This restaurant is southern classy.  Don't try to enter in jeans and a t.  The food was wonderful.  The veal was fork tender and cooked to perfection.  The filled puff had a great flavor.  
I was suprised to find rye whiskey so far south.  
Overall I would recommend this place for a spend date night or special occasion.Intimate and classy, this lounge places you back in the 1920's. The French 75 became our group's favorite (signature?) drink while we vacationed in New Orleans, and it was the best here where it was invented. We came here towards the beginning of our first night (before we dined at the restaurant, which is spectacular) and I found myself wanting to come back the whole trip, even just to stop in for a moment.This is a great little spot that I usually go to if I'm hopping around the French Quarter. It's fancy and things are expensive, but French 75 is always a welcome respite from Bourbon and the like. They know what they are doing, and do it well. 
BONUS: There's a mardi gras museum upstairs if you know where to look.Ar dual has been here FOREVER, decades upon decades. We enjoy the old school service, the 1940s style music at brunch and the always amazing food!
The spicy shrimp remolade was spectacular.
TIP: try to reserve a table in the front old room. It's gorgeous.Upscale old world cocktail/cigar lounge. Gorgeous interior, perfect lighting. Cocktails are expertly crafted. Friendly and attentive service. Very good quality cigar selection - Arturo Fuentes Hemingway and montecristo robusto go perfectly with a bourbon on the rocks.
Unique and classic bar.This is the most elegant little bar. Despite being a native, I've never eaten at Arnaud's or had a drink at the French 75 bar. Well, I still haven't eaten at Arnaud's but I did have a Ramos Gin Fizz at the French 75 on the Sunday of French Quarter Fest! 
The Fizz was delicious and I loved the decor. You should also, if you go, check out the little museum of Mardi Gras costumes on the second floor.Fantastic bar and location. 
Some of the most friendly people I have ever meet.
Walked into this place by accident and meet up with Chris Hannah who then proceeded to take this dumb tourist on a tour of the house and location. 
Thank you Chris for a wonderful time and being my tour guide. 
Cheers. !Sometimes you just feel fancy AND drinky and you just want to have a cocktail in a relaxed gorgeous environment. Yep this is your place. C'mon the place has monkey lamps!
Love the French 75 and whatever my friends bought for me. Drinks are always tasty and well made.  I've always found the service to be spot on and have even had servers track me down to give me my drink while I was being a social butterfly.
The prices are a bit higher but considering the locale (FQ) and the environment (again monkey lamps!) and the quality of drinks...really it's a bargain.
Also, I like that you get the same service if you show up in your shorts & t-shirt in the middle of an afternoon as you do dressed to the nine in the evening.