A total fucking joke. My grandparents lived in NO and I've been to Arnaud's enough times to tell you it should be closed. I was incredulous by the 3.5 rating but it should be a 1.0 and shuttered. There are so many killer places - don't waste your time on the old places. They are resting in their laurels and really are your grandmother's old and bad meals. Yuck.I tried to judge Arnaud's on its own merits, but being in New Orleans I just couldn't. 
It was very good, but compared to all of the other similar places (Commanders Palace chief among them), I just couldn't help but to feel a big ripped off.Was careful to make reservations 3 weeks in advance expecting to celebrate a special day with my special someone. She was wearing dressy shorts - ladies, you know the fashion trend - not chinos or khakis - pinstriped office casual...all over at banana and J Crew and a black blouse. Me in a black dress and flats. We were denied entrance due to her shorts. These were knee length dressy shorts. I get it - they have a dress code which I appreciate when I'm dropping $$$ for dinner. HOWEVER, They offered to seat us in the Jazz bistro which normally I would've been cool with but I refused to pay the fee - they should've waived due to the Dress code mix up. A good restaurant does that - they accommodate their guests. I felt that their website was a tad vague - they mention a specific dress code for men but don't address specifically women's attire. 
Any way - long story short..went to Antoine's (comparable restaurant and prices) in OUR SAME CLOTHES...were seated graciously, had fantastic food and drinks with a great waiter and dropped the $300 there instead.I loved this restaurant! Came here in 2015 to celebrate Birthdays in December. The service and food is outstanding. We had duck and turtle soup, and finished off the night with the bananas foster dessert show! Best part, live jazz players roam around the restaurant giving you that nostalgic feel of NOLADon't bother with the fancy dining where you need to wear a suit.  The same menu can be had at their jazz club where you can dine to live Dixieland music in a relaxed atmosphere. Get the Oysters 3 ways (rockafeller, bienville, and some other way).  To die for.   Check out the antique tile floor mosaic, they just don't do floors like that anymore. The Trout Amandine is quite nice.Though I know this place is a tad touristy (understatement), my parents used to always go here so I thought it might be a nice place to bring a tourist for jazz brunch. Big mistake. Our servers were rude and didn't seem to know what "Worcestershire" was and also stated that they didn't have any sherry for the turtle soup (which I find hard to believe). The food was okay but not worth the price or the condescending attitudes from the wait staff. In a city with plenty of incredible food, I wouldn't waste my time again...This was a very fancy dinner.  The food was very good, the service was good,  the ambiance was very loud, but once the music began it was nice.I had an awesome birthday dinner here in the jazz room.. couldn't have asked for a better time! My boyfriend booked reservations online and they went through smoothly. We were seated immediately at a nice little table facing the 3 person jazz band. They were awesome! Seriously talented people who were ready to take requests at any time. At one point they actually sung happy bday to a lady at the table next to mine.. which was nice. I basked in it a little bit and at the same time was super grateful my boyfriend didn't alert them to my special day. I'm really shy and would've probably turned bright red if that happened to me!
On to the food- it really was special. We each had a delicious appetizer. Mine was the shrimp bisque, mmmm. Loved it! My boyfriend had Mushrooms Véronique, which had all kinds of crazy flavors and spices I couldn't place. It was really wonderful and apparently contained grapes somewhere in there. The cheese on them was amazing.
For dinner I had the Crabmeat Karen, which was very rich crab shaped flaky pastry with white creamy wine sauce.. the inside was full of delicious crab meat. It was too much for my boyfriend but I really liked it. He tried the Breast of Duck Ellen and devoured it! It had cooked blueberries with wine sauce- almost like a jam. I usually don't like duck but this was really tasty! They must be doing something right here. For dessert we had the Creme Brulee- WOW. That's all I can say. So glad we got it.. it was perfect. While we were finishing up someone ordered a crazy dessert and we watched as our waittress lit an orange and the twirly peel on fire while pouring alcohol down the entire thing. Whoa.
Bill was a little pricey, a tad over $100 for two people who did not have alcoholic drinks or tons of courses. But for this experience it was super worth it. Best birthday dinner ever. My boyfriend is awesome!!!!! He even got away with wearing his nice pants and sweater with sneakers- even though dress code was "dressy". It was cool, I saw a dude wearing converses at another table too!I was recommended by a friend and this was actually my 2nd time in. Katie never disappoints. The atmosphere is top notch, a must for any visitor to NOLA. The jazz band is amazing. The food is the best I've had in NOLA. I had the filet which was prepared perfect. The cocktails are amazing and the desert selection you can't beat. A MUST experience when you are New Orleans.This place is pricey, but worth it.  I have several food allergies and they were able to whip something up for me last minute that was delicious and I did not get sick.  My hubby particularly liked the crunchy potato things.  Our waiters were very professional.  The museum upstairs was creepy and weird but I still liked it.  Thank you!!!!One of my all time favorite restaurants and it still manages to deliver a satisfying dining experience after Katrina. 
I've been to Arnaud's three or four times now, most recently during Jazz Fest. The food is as good as I remember it. You absolutely must have their bananas foster, an amazing dessert prepared tableside.
Unfortunately, due to Katrina the service is not what it used to be. We waited quite a while for the bananas foster. We finally had to go and get someone -- which turned out to be educational.
He talked about how pre-Katrina they had 65 trained waiters. Only four returned after the storm. He talked about the struggles the restaurant has had. (We encouraged the discussion, he wasn't whining.)
If you're going to New Orleans and looking for an amazing dining experience go to Arnaud's. Just cut them some slack as they recover.I had the filet and fried oysters and they were wonderful! Perfectly cooked and ambiance was to die for. The band came around and played a private song for us and was able to meet every request. food was fresh and wonderful. Drinks were strong but lacked in creativity. Thanks for a wonderful evening!Now, this is a great place for brunch! (It's probably pretty good for other meals, but I've only had brunch there.) I went there with a bunch of people on Sunday, and man-alive, did we eat well. Where to start?
Well, first of all, the service is really very good. The server was attentive and thoughtful. Service was by-the-books old school. Understated and careful. 
Now, the really important stuff - the food. We had everything from Shrimp Arnaud to the seafood cheesecake, to the Eggs Fauteux, to turtle soup, to bananas foster, to boudin cakes, and more. Without exception, each dish was really solid. Not always complex, but always deep.  My favorite was probably the Eggs Fauteux - the eggs were poached exactly right. 
Oh, and the drinks. Oh, the drinks! We had a bunch of those. Mimosas, bloody marys, champagne, French 75s. Just so good.
And, of course, the jazz was good. The band was cool and liked to talk in between songs.Food was good. We had eaten at Emeril's the night before and this didn't  start to compare. My $14 glass of  red wine was served in a short , narrow fluted, thick rimmed glass that you would buy at Walmart for $.99!  Great ambience right in the heart of the French Quarter. The roving jazz trio was superb - a bass, soprano sax, and banjo. Go for the music  but for the price, go to Emeril's instead.This place is a classic.  Featured at Arnaud's is cajun cuisine.  This is not an inexpensive place - be prepared.  I had the gumbo and one of seafood specials cajun style and was very happy with both.  The cocktails were great, and were strong and imaginative.  I read some of the poor reviews and most seemed driven by service.  My service was great.  I can see how if they might be super busy the service could slip a tad .. but the place was packed when I was there and I was in town for a convention and there were several large parties around.  I sat on the bistro side and was glad I did.  The location was great and right off of Bourbon.  Check it out is my recommendation.This is an ok place, high volume, touristy, but not bad.  Its just not a great restaurant if you are into food...Service was fine, bananas foster for desert was fine although sugar/rum sauce wasn't fully cooked. We felt a bit rushed in and rushed out.I have been to this place two times, and so far, I am not very impressed.  The food was okay.  Service was good but it is a little too formal to a point that I felt a little "distanced" from them.  This place is pricey and I don't think it is worthy for me to go back again.After dining at Commander's Palace the night of May 21, 2011, which had the second best service I have had in 40 years of dining in fine restaurants throughout the world, two nights later on the 23rd--what a disappointment Arnaud's was.  Higher prices than C.P., slovenly uniformed wait staff, being shoved into a noisy but pretty dining room; a wine list containing some good but overpriced wine served in one-size standard Libby wine glasses, made us feel as though we had entered a true tourist trap, which we obviously had.   
We are from San Francisco, where a restaurant like this wouldn't even last on tacky Fisherman's Wharf.Top to bottom old school fine dining. We went for the Jazz Brunch, which is a three course meal of an appy, a main, and dessert. I started with the stiff bourbon milk punch, and they bring a fresh loaf of bread for you to eat messily (no bread plates as per their 100 year tradition). The appetizer selection was quite varied with a dozen Cajun & Creole items ranging from gumbo to crab cakes to shrimp remoulade. The local shrimp was noticeably less muddy here than other restaurants we dined at, in case that's an issue for you. The gumbo was more on the refined side as far as preparations of this dish are concerned.
For mains, the boudin cakes were a hit, and the fish meunière respectable. The haricots were done perfectly for both. For dessert we got the tableside-prepared bananas foster after our first choice of crepes Suzette was unfortunately unavailable. Tasty. But would have preferred crepes. 
The service was good, and the Jazz trio was very entertaining, coming to each table, taking requests and engaging in friendly banter. As it was Mardi Gras season we could see processions going by the window as we dined, making Arnaud's a uniquely NOLA experience ...so 5 stars!Celebrated our 50th anniversary at Arnaud's with our cousin and his wife who were celebrating their 57th anniversary. Couldn't think of a more elegant restaurant to remember our honeymoon in New Orleans 50 years ago. The service was impeccable. We all shared the Shrimp Arnaud, the Crabmeat Prentiss & the Oysters Rockefeller. My favorite was the Shrimp Arnaud but they were all wonderful as were the entrees and desserts! A very memorable evening!Even eating here in the middle of Mardi Gras was a treat. Great food, good service and we liked the busy atmosphere. cocktails were just ok but everything else was absolutely wonderful. will definitely be back!Okay, so it's a little touristy, but I have to say the staff made sure we were having a great time, the trio in the music room was fantastic and a real bargain at four bucks. The food was at least as expected and then some. This jaded New Yorker will be back! A little pricey, but walk in knowing it and you'll have a great time.Thus far, my favorite restaurant in the French Quarter! We had a sensational experience at Arnaud's. It was a Saturday night and, by the time we crossed the hellish Bourbon Street at 8.30pm, we were in much need of a potent drink and a good meal. It was not disappointing in the least, as other reviews indicate. 
Absolutely recommended: Oyster Arnaud's (a sampling of their various baked oyster appetizers) and the Filet Mignon au Poivre (extra rare)! Other tasty choices: alligator sausage as an appetizer and the Mitchell-style drum as an entree. The service was phenomenal, helpful, and engaging, and the decor and general atmosphere was sublimely 1920's grandeur. I was truly sad to leave...two merry hours later!
Reservation recommended. Dress code: dressy. Expect a $150+ dinner for two pre-tip (at least) -- cocktail, wine bottle, two appetizers, two entrees, one dessert.Our visit to Arnaud's resulted in an entertaining night of Ragtime Jazz and exquisite dining. 
As you enter this beautiful dining room you step back to a New Orleans of many years ago - so far and distant from the current activity of nearby Burbon Street. The atmosphere is electric and joyous - everyone is having a grand time. The courteous and active Matre'd will make you laugh and smile while offering dining selections  that truly work. Based on tonight's experience southern hospitality rules here.  
For starters we shared "Shrimp Arnaud". Listed as a signature dish the shrimp arrived marinated in a creole remoulade sauce. This selection while enjoyed was overpowered by the Oysters on the Half Shell appetizer. With both strong (mignonette) and light cocktail sauce these fresh Louisiana oysters were to die for. 
For our main courses we selected the "Crawfish O'Connor". Crawfish smothered in a creole tomato based sauce accompanied with jasmine rice - another fine introduction to NOLA cuisine. Better still was the "Pompano Duarte" - Sautéed fillet with shrimp, tomatoes, seasoned with garlic, fresh herbs and crushed chili peppers the flavors worked perfectly together.
For dessert we shared a moist refreshing Pecan Pie a la Mode.
Of Note -  On this busy Friday night we arrived without a reservation however the staff found us a wonderful table for two with a fine view of the house jazz band.
My thanks to Arnaud'sJust amazing food and service. The pasta was done well. The oysters bienville were very different from anything I had had before, so that was nice. Bananas foster for dessert were in a good balance of sauce. Classic restaurant, would come backWe had a party of six and our reservation was for 8:15 p.m. on New Year's Eve.
We were seated by 9 PM.
Considering that it was New Year's Eve, the waitstaff were able to be quite attentive and informative. 
Although this restaurant is supposedly a legendary Nola institution, the caliber of food was not impressive.
The sauce on the steak au poivre was not flavorful.
My shrimp bisque was very salty. The fried oysters with my steak were basically deep-fried salt licks.
Yes, the atmosphere was very loud, but it was New Year's Eve. The Decor was gorgeous, though.
The real trouble began when we had asked for our checks. When we were seated, we explained that we would need four checks for our party of six. We were assured that this would not be a problem. We waited 35 minutes after we'd asked for our checks. We were told that the computer system kept crashing.
I used to wait tables and all this is, is a matter of math with a calculator. 
At one point I looked at my dining companions and said "we are being held hostage by Arnaud's". 
We planned on watching fireworks at midnight, we were still at Arnaud's at midnight.
My one companion complained to the manager, and all she got was an argument. No apologies, no offering of consolatory champagne. Just a debate.
In a city with many fine dining options, Arnaud's is off my list.
My friend who had made the reservation was so disappointed. She had wanted to provide us with a legendary New Orleans dining experience, but this was an epic failure.The jazz brunch at Arnaud's was our favorite "upscale" meal of our NOLA trip. Four courses while being entertained with live music. The smoked pork tenderloin robichaux with truffled mashed potatoes was a standout dish. I really liked my red bean omelet as well. The only thing I couldn't recommend is the crêpe suzette - bitter and presented sloppily.Wasn't impresed with this place. The service was really nice but the food was below average, especially for the pricepoint we were paying. I had heard good things but would not recommend this place to someone.Worst service I have ever experienced. We waited 20 min to place a drink order.   $150 later we felt like they were doing us a favor by being there.  Recommend you try the restaurant called Revolution instead the service was fantastic and food was superb.  Arnauds bistro doesn't even deserve one starHad a very good meal at Arnaud's in late-February, during my first visit to this restaurant.  The decor is classic and timeless, but the main dining room gets quite noisy as the restaurant fills-up with diners....the vintage tile floor is not the best for acoustics!  Since the restaurant is celebrating its 100th anniversary this year, I decided to try some classic items on the menu.  I started off with a Sazerac cocktail, which was a bit too strong for me, so I didn't finish it....I'm not usually a whiskey/bourbon drinker.  For a starter I had Turtle Soup, followed by the main entree: Trout Amandine, with a side of Souffle Potatoes....all were excellent! Dessert was Lemon Ice Glace.  Service was very good, if a bit on the more formal side.  This is a restaurant that ranks up there with Antoine's!Definitely underwhelmed by this, arguably the most famous of New Orleans restaurants. The food was alright, but not worth the premium price tag. Furthermore, the tines on my fork were bent. Since Katrina, so many good new restaurants have opened up in this city. Unfortunately, Arnaud's appears to be resting on their laurels in an industry that demands that they work as hard as ever.Arnaud's is a must visit I Nawlins. Try for the Sunday brunch where you will be treated to old time (literally) jazz. Our band featured a lovely gent n 80's singing with joy in his heart and fistful of tips.
The food, while not at the height of N.O.'s cutting culinary scene, it is sturdy, traditional an VERY good. This i a place for ladies and gentlemen to savor the heritage of the French quarter and savor the dishes that have drawn crowds for 150 years.
TIP: Try to reserve a room n the old chandelier room at the front.Love his place! Whenever me and my boyfriend want to have a really nice dinner we go here. It is also a great place for Easter brunch! Fantastic food and fantastic service. Good drinks! I always get the Pimms cup! When you go to Arnaud's you need to get New Orleans food/ seafood because it's what they do best. And you need to be ready to spend a pretty penny. JUST GO!First restaurant we went to in New Orleans and I am so happy we did. The best meal I've had! The bread they serve is like crack, you can't stop eating it, seriously! 
I ordered the special which was a soft shell crab smothered in crawfish etoufee and my boyfriend had the fish. Both were excellent! Also recommend the Oyster's Arnauds and Crabmeat Prentiss as appetizers!
Highly recommend!Great evening! We went to Arnauds for our big dinner out in New Orleans.  Loved everything, except the shrimp arnaud.  It is their famous dish, so we had to try it for our appetizer, but we just did not like the flavor of the sauce.  
We got the veal wohl, which was a great dish.  It came with small portions of three of their dishes- a veal one with mushroom sauce, crawfish stew, and crab cakes.  The crawfish was my favorite, but all were amazing and the variety was great.  
Dessert was good.  We split the chocolate cake and the praline crepes.  The chocolate was amazingly decadent and delicious.  Crepes had a good praline cream cheese filling, but the actual crepes were a bit disappointing.  They seemed like they were pre-made earlier and were a bit dry.  
We are in the jazz room, which I would recommend to everyone.  The restaurant has two dining rooms and you can choose which one to sit in when you make your reservation.  The jazz room has a small music fee, but it is totally worth it.  The musicians were amazing and entertaining during the whole meal.  At one point they went on "tour" of the dining room, asking the patrons for recommendations and then serenading the tables with their music.  This personal touch really made the night!You pay for the experience. Food was good, but not delicious. Wait staff was nice, but very casual. Not what I'd expect in a supposedly casual restaurant. 
Men don't need to worry with a jacket. Most didn't have one. 
$150 before tip. Very pricey for the quality of food.There's very few restaurants where the experience and ambiance pair with the food so naturally. Arnaud's is a true living NOLA tradition. Try to book a table in the Jazz Bistro - the charm of the Cajun band that roams the room makes the drunk tourists on the street outside disappear. Alligator sausage is not to be missed!This poor review is based solely on our server 106 team 6. The restaurant is beautiful. The food enticing. The drinks elegant.
Discover is an accepted form of payment. 
I made dinner reservations for 7pm to celebrate our 20 year anniversary. When making the reservation I was asked if we wanted to be seated in the part of the restaurant that provides live music. Of course I said yes. The price for the option was $4 per person (music charge). Quite reasonable in my opinion.
After being seated, we were given a specialty drink menu to peruse. I ordered the French 75 for $13.95 and my wife ordered a Mai Tai for $9.25.
While browsing the dinner menu, we were brought a complimentary warm crusty loaf of French bread. The French bread was whole, not sliced so we had to pull pieces from the loaf, which caused crumbs to fall onto the tablecloth no matter how hard I tried to keep the crumbs in the bread basket. Not a big deal to me.
As server 106 asked for our dinner order, we stated that we would be sharing our meal. This clearly horrified server 106. My wife and I share all the time and shouldn't be made to feel as if sharing is an inappropriate choice.
For starters, we ordered the Alligator Sausage for $8.95: served with smoked onion and apple relish and Arnaud's own Creole Mustard. By far the best alligator that we sampled during our visit to NOLA. 
As server 106 cleared our finished plate from the table, he advised me that I used the wrong fork. Really? If I had indeed used the wrong fork (I used the small fork - outside to inside), this mistake should not have been brought to my attention. Perhaps you can work on your table side manners server 106.
Our second dish choice was a bowl of Chicken and Andouille Gumbo for $8.75. Served with two spoons per my request since we were sharing. This Gumbo was served without rice and was rich and hearty in flavor. Fabulous. 
Since server 106 was constantly lurking about, he startled me just as I was placing a spoonful of Gumbo in my mouth which resulted in food falling from my mouth. Perhaps you can work on your timing server 106.
At this point is time it was 7:30pm and the band had stopped playing at 7:15pm. When I asked server 106 about this, he stated that they started at 6:30pm and were on break and played until 10:30pm. We ended up leaving at 8:00pm and paid $8 for 15 minutes of live music. The band never came back on while we were dining. 
For our main course we shared the Breast of Chicken Pontalba for $27.95: sautéed chicken breast with Marchand de Vin and Béarnaise Sauces. Served with Brabant potatoes. Simply devine.
As server 106 cleared our table for the evening, he exaggerated the clearing of the bread crumbs from the tabletop. Perhaps offer the loaf with partial slices to help reduce crumbs if it's such a big deal.
My wife knew I was upset and disgusted with server 106 so she attempted to engage server 106 in conversation. When he asked us where we were from we stated "Seattle, WA". He said "everybody says they're from Seattle but they never really are. Are you really from Seattle?" Us "Actually we're from Everett WA but it's easier to say Seattle WA since everyone in NOLA thinks DC when Washington is stated." Server 106 "I used to live in Seattle and Kirkland before coming to NOLA." Us "What brought you to NOLA?" Server 106 "My Volvo."
I simply couldn't take anymore dialogue or service from this pompous waiter. Rather than purchase additional drinks and enjoy the restaurant and entertainment I requested that we leave.
Server 106, Seattle boasts just as classy restaurants as Arnaud's. The only character flaws our classy Seattle restaurants lack are pretentious wait-staff like you.So disappointed with this place. Made a reservation over 3 weeks ago. Website clearly states what the dress code is for men, but nothing specific for women. So we get to the restaurant and I'm in business shorts (cause it's hot) and a nice top. They refused to honor our reservations, but offered to seat us in the other room, for an additional charge. The other room isn't the main dining area. Makes no sense, as we were clearly ready to spend money there. So wrong of them. Would they have rather I show up in a dress that showed too much skin? What does that say about the place? Took our business to Antoine's. So worth the trouble. Very nice staff very historic and great food.I don't believe I ever actually had seafood before eating here, though I should qualify that I live in illinois so the bar was set pretty low.  Regardless, the food was amazing, the service was absolutely incredible.  Rashaan(sp?)recognized us as tourists and asked if we would like the" new orleans experience" and ordered for us.  He was an excellent server and all of the wait staff was entertaining and gracious.  All around it was a fun and tasty dining experience well worth the stop.Worst service. Waiter way overworked. Food was awful. Canceled our entree and hated the oysters. Would never recommendObviously when you go to the only restaurant in the world with your name on it, your judgement may be teinted by the excitement and fun factor of the place. That being said, this is for sure a top restaurant option in NOLA.
Place is large enough, great decor and we were seated in 5min. While the food is cajun oriented, they have also a strong fish/seafood influence which I recommend to go for. After all, you don't go to New Orleans to eat a rib eye... I couldn't pass on their oyster platter (named Arnaud I think) which is 6 oyster placed in the oven with 6 different toppings all very good. Then I had the pompano fish which surprisingly I have never tried before. This white fish was perfectly cooked with a light tomato based sauce that you can order with a little spicy kick. What a great "sea" experience! I even has a chance to taste few bites of the crawfish etouffe which I highly recommend. The sauce of the etouffe is so amazing that you will need more bread to empty properly your plate.
The place is a bit pricey but I think it goes with the quality of food and ambiance. I would just recommend the management team if they see this to get a bit more skilled and trained staffed as well as to provide some drink options beyond just "we have a full bar and wine menu".
My conclusion would be: you can't be disappointed by ARNAUD!Please be aware of the extra money for either a cover, or the band, or entertainment in general. No one knows the real policy but there is one
Do not go here.  I do not have any thing good to say about this place.  The bacon wrapped quail is brown glop on a plate with gravy and inside it was supposed to be foie but it was ground overcooked...something. Haggis maybe? Totally old fashioned, boring, goofy paper menu, the place is just awful. And give me a BREAK with the doilies! Horrible.Had dinner here last night for the first time. The food was excellent and the service was great. I had crab cakes... Very good flavor and cooked just right. I'll definitely go back the next time I'm in New Orleans.I think I am in the right spot here.  We ate at Arnaud's Jazz Bistro.  I was outin New Orleans for a conference recently and we had a birthday dinner for one of our employees here.  This place is dripping with New Orleans style, ambiance, music and charm.  
I was sold on the filet mignon that our server said was served with a butter knife, i.e. if you cannot cut the steak with a butter knife, they will take it back and bring you a new one.  He was not kidding.  This is arguably the best filet I have ever had.  Tender does not begin to describe it.
The smoked pompano was the other highlight.  How can we get this out in San Diego?  New Orleans is a seafood town, and I ate everything from oysters to soft shell crab while in town, but the smoked pompano stood out the most.  We had this as an appetizer and it is seared into the ol' memory bank.  It's a must have.Blah.  A place that definitely needs to update its style and menu.  It feels stagnant and old, trapped in the 1950s with a strong sense of faded glory. This is in strong contrast to the Commander's Palace which also harkens back to another era, but still feels fresh and modern.  
The food was pretty uninspired.  The only vegetarian dish was a special "vegetable plate" which was kinda a half-hearted attempt at a ratatouille.  My crawfish dish was pretty good.  The oysters weren't that great.  
The food was kinda heavy-handed and not vibrant.Faded glory. I remember visiting 16 years ago and loving the foie stuffed quail. That dish has changed and a visit now is more of a tip of the hat to the past than an enjoyable experience.Best place I've been to yet. Excellent gumbo, delicious fish, and awesome Creme Brule. Wait staff are the top of the line. Had a wonderful group of musicians who played at our table which added to the experience. This is a must eat and see please in New Orleans. I was impressed with all aspects, service, wait, food, drink and entertainment.If you want to get away from the craziness of Bourbon st. tourists, this high class restaurant has an old south country club feel that might make you feel a little  snootier than you want. 
Collared shirt and business attire is a must! Unless you like feeling out of place and awkward. 
Food is good but not the best around. A bit bland compared to the spices and culinary treats around.Was down in New Orleans for Jazzfest and a Sunday brunch was in order. It's one of those old places the locals know about. Go here - you will not be disappointed. Pre-fixe Sunday brunch with an old timey Jazz trio. Perfect. Mimosas and Bloody Marys to start then oysters and shrimp. Loved the shrimp but the remoulade sauce was poured with a heavy hand - it's great, maybe just on the side next time. I had the fluffy-est cheese omelette this side of the Mississippi. Really good. My friend ordered some seafood crab cake quiche - amazing. The food does not disappoint, AND they give you dessert as well. The bread pudding was solid and the creme brulee was just right. Did I mention the Jazz trio comes around to every table. We spent a lazy 2 hours there and had a fabulous time!This place was superb.  We had oysters six different ways, and Shrimp Arnaud for appetizers.  The bread was fresh and delicious and I had to dip it in everything I could find.  We ate two big loaves of this stuff (which can partially be the reason I could barely move when we left).   I had an assorted green salad with hearts of palm, micro herbs, etc.  Really tasty.  For the entrees, I had Filet of Beef Charlemond (with mushrooms and bernaise) and he had a steak with a soft shell crab.   Both were very good.  And, for dessert, we had the Banana's Foster.  It's probably not the best Bananas Foster I've had, but it was definitely good, and the service was great.  Thanks for a wonderful birthday dinner.   Best fine dining type meal I've ever had in New Orleans to date.  I would come her often if I had a lot of money and lived closer.Food was delicious! Waiters were very professional, knowledgeable, and friendly! Great taste of New Orleans!We had dinner at Arnauds on two occasions. Both evenings were really great however the Jazz Bistro was by far the best overall experience. The menu for the main restaurant and the Bistro are the same. All items we had were excellent from seafood to steaks everything was done the way we wanted it. The big hit were the soufflé potatoes , you need to try them.
The differentiator between the two nights was the service. In the Bistro they were fantastic and obviously the band added to the atmosphere. We will definitely return.
The service in the main restaurant was good but a bit slow and stuffy. Food was great as it came from the same kitchen.Pure perfection. The service is a pampering experience with each detail uniquely appropriate. 
Save room for dessert. Entrees are great. But. Did I mention dessert?Went for the jazz brunch. Great jazz music with the 3 musicians coming by the table, nice singing too. Wonderful food, great ambiance. We had the shrimp arnoud, salad, eggs sardou, and crepe suzette prepared table side - all for $28. Did I mention the 25cent martinis served at brunch? Very nice.Everything was great! Jasper was our waiter and he was really personable and comic. They have a 3 course special for $40 which was fantastic! All of the food was outstanding! The drinks we ordered were great as well. Pretty great spot right on Bourbon St that was away from the craziness.  Would definitely recommend this place. 
Ps the live jazz made it !!!3 New Orleanians, none of whom had ever been there before for some reason.  Went for the Coolinary.  Sat in the Jazz Room.  Music was delightful.  Service was amazing, especially Lynda, who is the wine and beverage expert; she is funny in a deadpan way.  All food was perfect except the fish, which was a tad dry but the sauce helped out.  Crab cakes are super and the beef entree was also great.  Thanks!Nearly a 3 star review. We were in the Jazz Bistro section and had the privilege of paying an extra $4./pp for the music; which really wasn't jazz. Then the musicians worked the room, appearing at almost every table. They played special requests but definitely expected extra tips. 
The food was OK, but not nearly as good as some of their nearby  competition.   Presentation of food was average and served on dinnerware that looked like it came from Old Country Buffet ;-(
The drinks were very pricey, small in size, and very average. We should have stayed across the street at the Royal Sonesta Oyster Bar. 
The waitstaff "hovers". There's always someone refilling your water glass as soon as a sip is taken. Very disruptive to table conversation. They also leave a pitcher of water on the table. Too much intervention for too little value.  They brought new glasses of water at the end of the entree. What a waste of water!!  Isn't there a drought and fresh water scarcity.?
Felt a bit rushed. Group of 4 in/out in less than 1.5 hrs. 
Won't be returning here or recommending this place.I wanted to have a great experience, but at the end it was ok. Not sure if it was because we came late in the evening or something else, but from the service to the food it was not much. Food was old school, smothered in way too rich sauces to the point that I tasted nothing but butter and heavy cream.Great meal but tainted by very cold dining room and amateurish service by Carter. Enjoyed the jazz trio.My husband and I went to Arnaud's for our first anniversary. It was supposed to be a big night for us and one to enjoy together while away from our new baby for a night and Arnaud's ruined it. The staff was so rude. When we got there we were snobbishly told we should have made a reservation and then we're seated in the  half empty dining room. We were basically ignored the entire time, I was looked at like pond scum when I asked for a steak knife and was told no. Same when my husband asked for a bread knife. Our food was mediocre at best especially considering what it cost and I left still starving. I was fighting back tears at the table. And the messed up thing about it is we were only in that area in an attempt to eat at GWFinns but they were booked so we walked across the street. Where I was treated like I should be so lucky to eat in this restaurant with the rude staff, dated menu, and drab food that I had never heard ofspent NYE here, booked a 10:30p reservation and made it just in time. our server let us know the kitchen closes at 10:30 so we had to order quickly, I wish they told us this when confirming the reservation as we would've booked earlier. we also made it in time to hear the lovely live jazz band play a 2-3 songs, we didn't make it in time for them to come to our table for a private serenade. wish we knew this too! as we did have to pay the extra charge for the band and they left 15 minutes after we got there.
overall, the food was good. we had some oysters and crab claws (beware, they are small) to start. for mains, i had the crawfish and the bf had a shrimp creole. both were tasty. we ended with strawberries arnaud, really good! 
the service was solid although, i did feel rushed throughout our meal. you could tell the servers were trying to wrap up the evening as soon as 11p hit. totally understandable but again, i wish we knew. we did stay until midnight, there were about 2-3 other tables still chatting but it was clearly closing time so we left for a proper toast nearby. i would've given 4 stars but feeling rushed and paying a band we didn't get to enjoy, tainted our experience.While on business with a " European Italian" close friend, I wanted to show him New Orleans and New Orleans GREAT Restaurants.
The location  and ambiance of Arnaud's is absolutely outstanding. I loved the modern artwork on the walls and took several pictures for my Facebook friends to see. 
The service "looks" good due the large number of servers present, but we didn't really find that it was that great. I expected excellence but it was JUST ok.
I ordered Pompano. I am not a great fish eater, but the sauce description on the menu enticed me into order the dish. It was recommended by the waiter as being the best Pompano dish on the menu, they had several. I was very disappointed. The parts of the fish that "stuck-out" of the sauce were like BEEF JERKY. I complained in got little to NO RESPONSE from the server.
The bananas foster  GREAT!Christmas Eve dinner was fantastic.  Service was A1 as was the food, simply delicious!  We all were wowed by the table side Banana's Foster and the Brulot!  
After dinner Michael gave us an incredible tour of the Mardi Gras museum upstairs, he was so knowledgeable and so passionate about the family (he had been there for over 30 years).Delicious, authentic French food. The music is wonderful. Superb service. Everything was perfect.FORGET coming here! However, if you relish  tasteless food in a musty old setting, by all means, eat here! I had the Oyster Sampler and could not even find the oysters under all the extra additives. Then again the additions had no taste either, so why bother placing them on top of the oysters? My Crab Karen had very little crab wrapped in the toughest phyllo pastry that I have ever had to naw! My spouse had the Grilled Pompano which he tasted from three different places around the fish before declaring that is was ruined. It seems that the chef grief the fish to a dry sawdust consistency! 
Bottom line. If you want to eat at one of the old staple NOLA restaurants CHOSE ANOTHER!Last night went to Arnauds. First had a seat at bar- no live music- nice atmosphere & good service. Seated in large dining room -
Quintessential old New Orleans atmosphere. Service was good, but cold. Shrimp Arnaud was over sauced, crab cakes ok, pompano with shrimp was good . Puffed potatoes too much salt. Overall a disappointing meal and service. So many choices in NOLA this should not be on your list.We had a large group of ladies for a bachelorette weekend. The staff was dynamite and all of our needs were met. The atmosphere was pleasant and a very good example of old New Orleans style. 
The food was good, but nothing WOWed me. I've been spoiled by the Emeril's restaurants of the city and their creativity in food selections. For example, at those restaurants the entree usually comes with some sort of paired side on the plate that compliments the main feature. Arnaud's a la cart style lacks the opportunity for the chef to pair flavors and experiment. This also makes a presentation of fish with crab meat on a plate quite boring.
One presentation though that never disappoints is the banana's foster. I had it for dessert and the staff did the whole flambe set up which is always a treat. 
I'd come again to sit in the Jazz club if I really needed to hear Jazz  while I dined, but otherwise, I'd try something new with my money.Best dining experience for dinner in a while. Crisp white table cloths and napkins, the elegant simplicity of the China with its thin red like or small red "A" on the rim, jazz in the Jazz Bistro, and a dress code so people are nicely dressed and not in jeans, tee shirts etc. Then we have the food that was excellent. Crabmeat Prentis , jumbo lump crab served hot not in a runny cream sauce but thick and full of flavor with a hint of cayenne to give it just a little kick but not overpower the delicate crab. The Pompano David is a filet of this fantastic fish grilled with a little olive oil and herbs the souffle potatoes crisp and all puffed all accompanied by a too California chardonnay. Finished with creme brulee and good coffee. Lilly was an excellent server she had a large table of about 8-10 people yet none of her other 4 tables suffered from lack of attention we all got great service. They have an extensive menu with crab, shrimp, or oyster appetizers even alligator sausage. Soups such as gumbos, turtle soup, and shrimp bisque, duck, quail, chicken, veal tournedos, filet, and sweetbreads. Wonderful deserts creme brulee, strawberries marinated in port and served with ice cream, bananas foster etc.. Executive Chef Tommy Digiovanni and staff did and do an excellent job, not only a great place for a special occasion but great way to treat yourself nice.Great experience all the way around. Top notch drinks, great appetizers, and the Filet was phenomenal. It's a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for here. Great service and a wonderful experience, we will be back!We had an event here for a convention meeting and it was a really unique space. There was great live music in several rooms , the balconies you could people watch from , super service from all the staff and bartenders .. food was typical Creole dishes and everyone I was with really enjoyed their meals . Finally the Mardi Gras queen museum was very interesting and we learned a lot by touring it.A NOLA Classic...... But, to be perfectly honest, you can get great food all over New Orleans and the service was particularly good, attentive or friendly.A little bit pricy but great place. 
Ambience is very typical for a french quarter restaurant. Good service and excellent food. 
My recommendations
Pompano Duarte fish. Excellent portion size.  The sauce is delicious. Maybe missing some sides.  Bot its not fried which is great
Oysters Bienville a must have. Delicious
Potatoes Brabant an interesting a different way to eat french fries
The shrimp bisque was too salty in my opinon
Right in the hart of french quarter. I f you can you should stop byHave wanted to come here for years.  It was not worth the wait.  The atmosphere is very upscale and the service was amazing.  Our every need was met.  Unfortunately the food was not the same quality.  We had the Shrimp Arnaud (good), Shrimp bisque, fish, veal and chocolate bombe (the best thing we had).   The food was all average or below average compared to other New Orleans places where we can get better food at a better price.Great dinner at Arnaud's again last night. Started with the fantastic Crabmeat Perntis a warm crab in a rich cheese sauce so thick you can spread it on the croutons that come with it. Fir an entree I choose the potato crusted gulf fish that was moist and flaky, it's accompanied by a fantastic Fennel in a Herbsaint butter. For dessert I had the Strawberry Arnaud lite and delicious.  They did Cafe Brulot at a couple of other tables and it was great to see it done correctly.  Chef Tommy Digiovanni and his staff again did a fantastic job and to his credit he has instilled in them pride in their work because even when he's off food is still great.An absolutely fantastic meal. We came here for jazz brunch and each had the four course pre fix menu.
I started with the shrimp appetizer, which was served cold and showcased shrimp coated in a spicy horseradish sauce. 
The salad course was great and featured a dressing made in house which tasted similar to homemade ranch dressing, but better.
For an entree, I had some of the most delicious crab cakes of my life.
The dessert course included a flan which was accidentally delivered to our table, strawberries Arnaud, which were strawberries soaked in liquor and topped with whipped cream and a homemade cookie and a chocolate torte. Everything was above expectations.
With a beautiful antique decor setting, a live jazz band, and impeccable service, it's easy to see why Arnaud's is a staple of New Orleans. Definitely a must stop if you would like to enjoy a nice dinner with outstanding service.One of the best meals our family has ever eaten, hands down. Great staff, BEAUTIFUL restaurant, and awesome food. If you have the opportunity to go during the holidays, GO! The entire grand ballroom is decked out in magnolia garland and wreaths and is truly stunning. The food and drinks were to die for. My sister-in-law and I split the crab cakes and crabmeat Karen (we couldn't decide) and it was a toss up as to which was better. I would say if you're on the fence and aren't hugely hungry, go the crab cakes, they are smaller and lighter. The endive salad was killer and all of the desserts we shared were the perfect cap to the dinner. This is definitely worth a return visit.This is the New Orleans equivalent of a Disney Cruise - not totally objectionable if you know what to expect but have modest expectations. It IS possible to have bad food in New Orleans. If you really, really love banjo music this may be your place. No doubt, it's a great room and the connecting bar is everything the dining room is not, with quality cocktails and professional wait staff.This was our second evenings dinner location. Knowing that all the restaurants would be busy because of the NBA games and Jazz Fest going on the same weekend, we made all of our reservations well in advance. Because I do my do diligence in research before traveling I was aware that this would be the nicest most upscale restaurant we would dine at while in town. The dress code is collared shirt is a must and a jacket preferred. No worries as I was prepared.　
A great plan of attack for this place is to arrive 30 or 45 minutes early and have a couple drinks at their French 75 bar. Beautiful bar with perfect hand crafted cocktails. After that, talk a walk upstairs and see the Mardi Gras museum. There is a ton of history, costumes, name and faces of the whole festival from the beginning.　
Once seated for dinner, the service is prompt and non stop. Every whim, every need was met with a smiling face who is happy to oblige. The meals are served by a staff who knows how to please and are very good at what they do. Very well trained. The food was as delicious and well prepared as one could hope for. For desert, we enjoyed a fabulous table side prepared helping of Bananas Foster.　
Just a fabulous evening anyway you sliced it.We had the prefix dinner and it was well worth the price. The shrimp and grits was incredible! The service was wonderful too!Perfect place for a special evening. Enjoyed an 80th birthday dinner here with impeccable service and delicious food. Would happily return here the next time we visit New Orleans. Highly recommend if looking for a special occasion dinner.Folks, we were all extremely disappointed. The crab cakes tasted like all bread, no crab. Very dry. We got no bread plates. The Jazz side is way too loud. They bill you $4pp for the music and they add it up front, so you pay tip and taxes on it. Our waiter was dismissive, rude and unfriendly. But the worst part was when he requested to have his tip in cash. This place may have been good once but the word is getting around now.I would give it no stars but at least the crab cakes were decent. The service was horrible. For a pricy restaurant that was supposed to be a New Orleans favorite it was very, disappointing. When I asked what were the signature dishes they told me they were typed in red. REALLY? Everything is a signature dish? The Signature salad was disgusting. It was a little wilted old greens that were drowned in bitter dressing. It should have been called the Katrina Salad.  Even though we sent it back for less dressing they returned it drowned again apparently they don't understand the concept of LIGHT dressing.  The Signature potatoes were o.k. but just call them french fries not souffle because they were FRENCH FRIES. I guess they don't understand the concept of souffle either. On that note they don't understand the concept of CREPES either.  The praline crepes looked more like Mexican taquitos than crepes. JUST STAY AWAY and save your cash oh and your ears it is ridiculously noisy.Excellent. We were down for the Jazz festival for the first time sine Katrina.  This place was awesome with the expected New Orleans hospitality and service with excellent fresh food and taste.Beautiful large group dinner rooms!  Amazing staff!  Perfect food!
We had the shrimp arnaud as a starter along with another shrimp appetizer served in a half tomato. Both were tangy and delicious!
Our next course was the turtle soup. I was a little apprehensive but it was rich and delicious!  Me entree was the Pontchartrain.  It is delicately dusted with flour and pan simmered in butter topped with lump crab meat and served with asparagus. Fish was wonderful but I am not a fan of the four dredge that soaks up the butter. 
Dessert....yum...strawberries arnaud.I'm being generous with the 3 stars. This place has a nice atmosphere an location and a live band (nice to have but know they charge a fee per person). Unfortunately food is not great, not even good. Service is terrible. Not a good experience. Research more and try another place.Glad i didnt have to pay for it.... the most overpriced restaurant I've ever been to. I understand there was some sorta brothel going on in these rooms in the past & you pay for the experience, but still. The shrimp arnaud they rave about being so good wasn't that good. I got gulf fish ponchatrain, it was one piece of fish with blue crab meat on top for $38. The desert was ice cream, 4 strawberries, & whip cream for $13. Food that expensive should blow you away, however, it was less than mediocre. I recommend any other restaurants for the price you have to pay here. Only reason for 2 stars is service was excellent.I wanted to like Arnaud's but was disappointed by the overall experience in food and ambiance.  Although the food was better than average, we should have expected phenomenal given the hype. As for the ambiance, Arnaud's was advertised as fine dining establishment, where jackets are required; however, our fellow diners wore clothes ranging from suits and dresses, to young ladies wearing "short" dresses and men wearing shorts and t-shirts.  
In New Orleans, several options are available for fine dining. We chose Arnauds because it had promise to be an exclusive location. However, instead of a quiet meal by candlelight, my husband and I  struggled to have a conversation because of the exuberant bachelorette party that was seated at the table next to us.  Although we asked to be moved, no other tables were available. 
The only positive comment I have about Arnauds were our wait staff. They were excellent.One of the better Restaurants in Nola came highly recommended by a local so decided to give a try, you wont be disappointed strict dress code gentleman most wear a collar shirt no exceptions!!  Formalities aside great dining experience not to be missedSo glad we came here for our anniversary weekend. A very beautiful classy restaurant with superb service. We loved being seated in the jazz room where a trio played great jazzy tunes from long ago. The waiter brought us a heart balloon, such a sweet gesture to highlight our anniversary celebration dinner. The band spotted us and came to our table and played us a wonderful romantic song, it was like we went back in time. The food was delicious! And so was our dessert. Dining at Arnauds was a wonderful experience.Classic tourist trap that claims to be "creole" and have "jazz" and overcharges for everything.
The service was good but there are so many other places you can go instead. As other reviews state the food is small and overpriced and not much to brag about.
Move along down Bourbon or better yet head uptown and have a great meal for less money.Good meal   Seafood exceptional. This is the place for old fashioned decor,formal service and trad French/creole food.    I had shrimp bisque and my sweetie had oyster sampler. His fish (pompano) was simply prepared & great fresh flavor shone thru.  My veal wuhl ?  (sampler) had wonderful crawfish and yummy crabcake plus so so veal.  Next time I'll go for crab cakes -full portion.  Went w/trad. desserts creme b and praline crepes.Very nice evening overall at Arnaud's. We started with Oysters Rockefeller which were good but not knock my socks off good.  Entrees included shrimp creole and the Pontchartrain style fish which was drum that evening.  I thought the fish was better than the shrimp but both were quite good.  The best part of the meal was the bread pudding dessert.  While the service was strong, I did get the feeling we were hurried through the dinner--the whole meal was over in 45 minutes.  I'm not sure that I would return given the number of outstanding restaurants in New Orleans.Especially for a large party or a crowd, Arnauds is my favorite traditional fine dining experience in the Quarter. For a special occasion in particular this is what you're looking for in the Big Easy.My daughter and I made a detour for dessert into Arnaud's while the guys took in Bourbon Street. The crab claw appetizers and Oysters Ohan were tasty; however the Oysters Rockefeller was tasteless with way too much spinach. The gumbo had a nice dark roux but hardly anything in it-three small shrimp and crab claw. Finally, we came to the dessert! Wowzers! Don't remember the name but it was chocolate covered chocolate mousse on a pastry!! Delicious!Ordered the Oyster Platter (one of each baked oyster dish, 5 total), Crab Cakes, Filet Mignon Charlemond, and Banana Foster. Oysters were okay, crab cakes were great, filet mignon was a little dry, and banana foster was incredibly delicious. It's also an attention grabber for the rest of the room, since the server makes it for you at the table (flaming alcohol and all)! The servers/waiters were also very attentive and made the experience great.This was BY FAR the greatest New Orleans experience I had !!! The food, the atmosphere, the jazz, but by far the best was the staff !! Don't get me wrong the food was AMAZING, but the staff was so genuine, so friendly , and just down home authentic New Orleans southern folk ! They went above and beyond to serve us ! The old man singing the jazz made me cry, Antonia was the sweetest woman ever , and Johnny O and Charles were just fantastic and Eddie who made our dessert was excellent ! This place warmed and touched my heart ! I will be back and I can't wait to return and share this experience with my loved ones. !! And the bread is TO DIE FOR !!! ( they gave me a few loafs to take home !!!!) BEST PLACE IN NOLA !!! can't wait to return !!Not bad.  We went in here on Memorial day weekend for dinner.  We weren't terribly hungry so we did not eat a whole lot but figured the feedback would be welcome by someone!
First, staff - all very friendly and warm especially considering we had a somewhat fussy 2 YO with us.
We started off with the Oysters Bienville.  Wasn't crazy on their take on this dish.  The parm crusted topping seemed to overwhelm the oysters.  Next up was our main course - Ponchtartrain topped with crab meat.  Superb!!  I highly recommend this dish.
Lastly, we tried the caramel custard.  It's basically a flan...a poorly made one at that.  I am always disappointed by food at restaurants when I can make it much better.  They missed the mark on this one.  Overall, though, great menu - would definitely like to come back here again.The food was good -- but the service was a bit underwhelming.  We arrived a bit early for our reservation -- just in time for their evening meeting.  The staff were being berated for their service levels -- and our experience was less than memorable.  Our server was clearly not happy to be there that evening -- but our wine steward and our water attendant were awesome!  They made my husband's birthday evening a bit more pleasurable.   The family ordered a variety of menu options - mussels, veal, cornish game hen, and quail.  The sides are very small -- order more than one if you have a party of 3+ -- and the mushrooms are to die for!  Overall, the meal was not memorable -- would not likely visit again!Stepping off bourbon street into Arnauds you feel like you've set foot in a different country. This was our finest fine dining experience in New Orleans. Reccos: The Pampano in puff pastry...  Seafood gumbo. Bananas Foster. That night Richard Simmons was having a party so we were treated with a free floor show by his opera singing guests and his lovely voice too. We made our reservations a week ahead of time for a Monday 7PM.We went to the jazz cafe, next to the main restaurant, with the only difference being, I think, that we had live music with our dinner.  The music was very good, as was the food.  The bread pudding was to die for; the best I had in New Orleans.  My cocktail was overpriced, about 40% more than I paid in our hotel bar.  Service was obsequious.  When in New Orleans, we figured, one should have at least one fancy dinner, and this one was very good.Definitely one of the best "Classic" New Orleans restaurants. The interior is nice and relatively upscale. The wait staff is mostly impeccable here. The remoulade sauce they use on the various items is delicious and for sure made fresh. Had the crab cakes and friend had a seafood pasta. It is slightly pricey, but well worth it. Not the BEST food of this style in New Orleans but location is good, as well as the ambience where the Jazz Band playing invited us to talk with them between sets.I really enjoyed having dinner at Arnaud's. Though you do want to dress up a bit when eating here, the atmosphere and wonderful jazz band will put you at ease right away. 
The service was excellent and we barely had to think about what we needed or wished to order before the waiter was there to check-in with us. 
I had the crabmeat Karen, and although the presentation was adorable, I felt it was a little bland...maybe it just needed more sauce. I wouldn't rate this place so highly if we were judging on food alone, (as some things were just mediocre) but I must say, their desserts are incredible!Went for drinks and had the sazerac, it was pretty good!  They are famous and well known for their cocktails so I was glad to have been able to try one!This is classic New Orleans!  I was ver surprised when I learned it was just off Bourbon St. The place is huge and you would never know it from the outside. We were in a very nice a large dinning room. Atmosphere was great. 
The first indicator that was going to great was the Vieux Carre that I has maybe one of the best I ever had.  Then I had the shrimp bisque, outstanding!  Such great flavor. I had the shrimp an grits as the main course and it was unique spice the shrimp were fried. 
The table next to us had the bananas foster and a coffee prepared sable side. Very nice presentation. 
Impressive place and will be back.Bon repas, cadre très agréable, petites portionsAmbience was good particularly with our window table.  Good jazz music.  Alligator sausage and turtle soup were unique.  Trout was awesome.We were only in New Orleans for a brief amount of time and trying to figure out which of the classic grande-dame restaurants to go to and picked Arnaud's. And it was a great choice! Everyone's food was delicious. Smoked pompano that was super fresh and perfectly seasoned, the Crawfish O'Connor was great, as was the Crabmeat Karen. The chocolate pretzel dessert is a must have and the bananas fosters was a fun show. 
The ambiance was also really lovely, with a classic old school feel and all of the waiters in jackets. (As a side note--jackets are required for men in the dining room!) All in all, a lovely classic restaurant, with great iterations of classic Cajun/Creole dishes.Abundantly average food and pretty overpriced for the quality. Service completely failed in meeting expectations. We had a big party of about 14 and probably needed at least one dedicated waiter. Instead, we had two waiters juggling many other tables and our own. They were rude and even got orders wrong multiple times, placing food in front of the wrong people. We waited upwards of 20 minutes in between drinks!! Maybe the experience would have been different with a smaller party but definitely don't take a large group here! I left feeling frustrated, underwhelmed, and exhausted! 
Only upside of this place I saw was the ambience and jazz band. Otherwise I'd give one star.I'm giving a 5 Star because nothing went wrong and everything was perfect.  I opted for the house salad, the Veal ("sample") plate that also had a mini crab ale and crawfish dish that was delicious.  Finished our meal with Café Brûlot - my favorite part of the meal!!So incredibly disappointed. My boyfriend and I made reservations for our anniversary dinner and were excited to treat ourselves to a lovely dinner. The hostess was pleasant upon arrival, informing us that our table was not yet ready. That's fine... Enjoying a glass of champagne at the bar would be a nice start to the evening anyhow. We were seated shortly thereafter, and fairly promptly greeted with menus and water service. Unfortunately, that was the only promptness of service we received. We sat for twenty minutes before we were approached by the server and back waiter with bread. By this point, however, we were both very frustrated, as we had seen our server attend to every table around us and had looked in our direction (making eye contact, mind you) several times, and had proceeded to ignore us. By this time, we decided that we were not going to spend $200-300 if this was preemptive of things to come. We politely informed the server that we had to leave. 
Both my boyfriend and I work in the service industry, and have for many years. We understand that Fridays nights are busy, even hectic, at times. We know what it's like to be in the weeds and we know that oversights can occur when there are multiple tables to attend to, however, I feel that there is no excuse for service this poor at a restaurant as highly acclaimed as Arnaud's. 
As a side note.... Since no other restaurants could fit us in last minute, we ended up going home and ordering pizza--- which arrived quicker than our server did to our table. In the rain. On a Friday. 
We're also having a do-over of our anniversary in a few days. Across the street at GW Fin's.TOURIST TRAP !! We are N.O. locals who brought our Colorado guests to 8 different N.O. restaurants over 4 days. Arnuad's was by far the WORST. Horribly over priced. Food poor to avg - served cold. Drinks weak. Very poor representation for our tourists. Shame on you, Arnaud's. We will never spend another $ at Arnaud's.Love the elegant, old-time feel of this restaurant.  I love their shrimp ramoulade...wish they'd bottle the sauce so I can order it online.
Missing, craving, wanting it now!  Haven't been back there in a while and can't wait to take my hubby with me.Classic New Orleans Creole Restaurant. Had a great time and experience. Beautiful rooms and pleasant staff. 
Highly recommend the Crabmeat Karen, Seafood Gumbo, and the Bananas Foster.The best restaurant for the New Orleans Jazz ambiance. You have to go on the cafe side to have the jazz band play at your table. They go from table to table. It's such an amazing experience. The food was not as amazing as it used to be but may be an off day.The service was excellent. We sat on the bistro side which meant an $8 charge worth every penny to hear the band play. 
I had a French 75 (strong and excellent!)
My fiancé had pompano Duarte; I had the tchopitoulas (fish with lump crab meant) I love especially that jasper (our waiter/staff captain) turned a champagne bottle into a turtle for us. :)It was what you would hope for. A great high end but not stuffy New Orleans dinner. I did the jazz bistro, which was great. The music was just the right volume, great background and not intrusive. Service outstanding and I would put the food up against any I have had in New Orleans, including Galatoires and Commanders.Favorite New Orleans Jazz Brunch! This beautiful spot feels like going back in time. The warm, yet professional service coupled with the elegant setting is spot on. Sunday Jazz Brunch is a prix fixe 4 course menu that ranges from the $35-$45-ish range, which is delivered in a leisurely, perfect pace where southern charm exudes. Be sure and start with a cocktail, milk punch anyone? Plan on dressing up a little, taking your time to enjoy... the creole shrimp, or shrimp bisque, sopped up by the amazingly fresh French bread. Everyone gets a green salad, prior to the main which one chooses from a generous list of lovingly-prepared main course. I got the veal roulettes with grits (a "local favorite" according to the menu), but there are numerous egg, seafood, and other protein choices. Finally, be sure and splurge on the table side prepared crepes or bananas foster. Such a lovely experience at Arnaud's!Having read all of the wonderful reviews, I was excited about going to Arnaud's this past weekend to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Unfortunately, the food was terrible and not worth the expensive price tag:
-The endive salad sounded wonderful, but it was essentially a messy plate of bland coleslaw.  The "dressing" had absolutely no flavor (definitely not the lemon vinagairette described), the endives were shredded into uneven pieces, and the blue cheese was crumbled into insanely large chunks.  (My friends got the caesar, which was standard.)
-The oysters were terrible!  Per the waiter's recommendation (and yelp reviews), I ordered the Oyster's Bienville.  They were super heavy and overcooked.  The oysters themselves were shriveled and chewy, and were covered with greasy stuffing (probably twice as much stuffing as oyster), which were then covered with a piece of melted cheese.  Melted cheese with oysters?  Umm... really?  The description itself said that the oysters were served with mushrooms, onions, and seasonings, and then topped with a white wine sauce.  Stovetop stuffing and cheese were NOT on the description.
-The chicken dish was okay... nothing spectacular.
-The gumbo was watery and bland.
-The vegetables (green beans and asparagus) were cold and covered congealed mystery sauce.    
The restaurant's only high point was the dessert.  (We got bread pudding, bananas foster, and the chocolate cake.)
All in all, this was way overpriced and not at all as fabulous as others seem to think.  As someone with family roots in New Orleans who grew up with Creole food, this is NOT where you will find quality local food.  The ambiance and history are great, but that's essentially what you're paying for.We always come here when we visit New Orleans, and it is always a pleasure. The service is great, ambiance amazing and the food? Incredible! I don't know how they get their fillet mignon so tender but it is literally soft enough that you don't need a steak knife. And they were very accommodating for our small children which always makes me happy! We will keep coming back!The food was terrible. 
The restaurant atmosphere is upscale and beautiful. 
It's a disappointing combination.
My advice is to grab a cocktail at the French 75 bar connected and skip the dinner. I have eaten across the street at GW Fins and that is a great restaurant. Go there instead.  We had only 1 night in New Orleans and now I wish I could turn back time and make a reservation in time at a better place.
The oysters were okay, service was okay...
Salad: bad and boring, they use such a cheap "balsamic" in their Balsamic Viniagrette that it may as well be distilled white vinegar.
Pork with mashed potatoes: pork was dry and tasteless and almost cold, the mashed potatoes had no taste and poor texture, the sauce just tasted sugary.
I don't even remember what my appetizer was, but I had 2 bites, it was bad. 
Dessert was also bad.  This is sub-par diner-style food.I don't understand what all the hoopla is for. This restaurant was such a huge disappointment. The food was very boring, bland, unimaginative, stale and seemed like it was taken from the frozen section of Whole Foods. To top it off, as if our bill wasn't expensive enough, we were charged $50 because the 3 piece band decided to come to our table and play "when the saints come marching in" without us asking them to.sunday brunch was amazing. i recommend this place to anyone visiting New Orleans and wants southern food that is top notch.3 Stars for the live roving jazz musicians and the setting only. The musicians made the meal. The wait staff were not well informed on the menu items and not friendly. The turtle soup had a nice flavor, although hard to find the turtle meat. The crawfish dish was more of a gumbo than the menu described. The veal medallions were very good.  I would not revisit.Raw oysters to start with the best red sauce.  My steak was perfect and I could have cut it with a butter knife.  Daughter was delighted with her crab cakes.  Ron (and I don't usually bother to remember waiter's names) flamed out cafe bur lot to the ceiling.  I love it when they go the extra mile and the service is spectacular. Get out you wallet, but it's worth it.My father's 75th birthday dinner was hosted here on Saturday, August 5. The decor was elegant.  The food was very tasty. The service was great. The two waiters were patient, professional and active with my family. Caroline worked with me during arrangements. She did am awesome job communicating and giving me a peace of mind. Kudos to Caroline!We did Arnaud's with some out-of-town family before Thanksgiving. I highly recommend the jazz room for gatherings like this, of course for the jazz, but the wall art is intriguing as well. Todd White, part of the design team for SpongeBob Square Pants no less, is the artist on display and it's great stuff! Checkout his gallery on Royal when you stroll the Quarter! Ok on to the food--solid traditional New Orleans fare. We did Turtle soup, gumbo, trout Meuniere, etc and everyone enjoyed the dishes. The highlight was a VERY good bananas foster coupled with probably one of the best cups of coffee I can recall ever drinking. The wine list is good and offers variety.Until a few nights ago, it had been more than twenty years since we dined here. In a world that is changing rapidly, it's good to know that great service, friendly hospitality and classically prepared dishes are timeless.Another great dinner last night both food and service were excellent. Started with Souffle Potatoes and then 3 broiled oysters with Brie Cheese, both compliment of the chef. Then had the Smoked Pompano excellent as always. For my entree had an older version of the Quail Elzy stuffed with a Foie Gras stuffing and a mushroom sauce all accompanied by an excellent Chardonnay. Lilly again was excellent handling all her tables without missing a beat and as usual Chef Tommy Digiovanni and his staff did a fantastic job.The food was like something out of a nursing home cafeteria. I had shrimp and would bet money that it was made from frozen shrimp, the red sauce was florescent red and barely had any flavor and my side of mushrooms had been microwaved, aside from the fact that the presentation was nothing to write home about.
The service was impeccable, wait staff for every kind if service and the music was great, but who cares when you're paying $40 minimum a head, to eat cardboard. I was so disappointed I wanted leave as soon as we were finished eating. I didn't want to bother with the atmosphere.
The two stars are solely for the service and music.I chose to dine at this restaurant because of its unique history, opening in 1918 by a French wine salesman and only having changed ownership once intrigued me. 
It is a staple in New Orleans fine dining for the past 100 years for its creole cuisine. While the dining experience was an unforgettable one. There are many reasons why: 
there were no minorities dining there, my friends and I stuck out like a sore thumb. However, the wait staff were of different ethnic backgrounds. They charged $6 per slice to cut a cake that we purchased outside of the restaurant. 
The drinks were great however the food selections that we chose were just okay. Nothing to rave about and there was nothing that stood out, or shouted that I have to come back again. Maybe next time I'll just visit the museum.Absolutely delicious, and fantastic service.  We can't wait to come back again!  Everything we had, the turtle soup, the mushroom soup, the drum fish and filet mignon, the bananas foster - were just amazing.AMAZING!  We visited on a Saturday night with the 3 piece jazz group. Service, food and history first class. One of the top 3 meals of my life.This is a very classy restaurant. I had the potato encrusted gulf fish. The fish was amazing! It basically melted in your mouth. The potatoes looked a little weird the way they were placed on the fish, but it was very tasty. And the sauce is simply amazing. 
Also had the chicken gumbo which was out of this world. 
The restaurant itself is very nice and perfect for a date. I went to the jazz bistro part of the restaurant and the talent there is good. They would go around the table and play for each couple at the tables.Excellent high end restaurant with the coolest strolling 3 piece band playing and singing signature NOLA jazz.  Food was really good- steaks and whatnot.  It's classy and pricey but was worth it.  We went in a large group over Halloween weekend and we are all in costume but the non-costumed crown was dressed pretty nicely.  Overall a great experience with A+ service and attention to detail.Oyster's Arnaud is the best of the best sampling and we never miss it when we're in New Orleans!  Our last visit, we asked the chef to surprise us and what we got was absolutely mind blowing fantastic fresh fish with a sauce from the heavens!  The service is beyond fantastic and we've never been disappointed.  They were even kind enough to give us a tour of the historical building.  My personal favorite restaurant in the country! If you like champagne, don't miss trying their version of the French 75 made with cognac.This place was great.  We sat in the Jazz bistro where there was a great little threesome playing.  Walking around to the tables and very "French Quarter".  The food was really spectacular.  We got a great table at the window looking out to Bourbon Street.  
The crawfish tasted like lobster and even though I've heard people complain about the portions, we left more than full without spending an absurd amount of cash.  
The Chateauneuf de Pape on the list was very good. 
We shared the  Shrimp Arnaud and turtle soup for apps.  I had the Oysters Katheryn which was delicious.  Big plump oysters and artichoke.  It was plenty for me for an entree.  My boyfriend ordered the Crawfish O'Connor and it was the best of anything we had there.  Just perfect.  We also had an order of the okra and tomatoes which was very good.  Stuffed, we skipped dessert and went to walk dinner off a bit on bourbon street.  Truly a great meal and great New Orleans experience.We set the bar pretty high on expectations of this place, seems very....old school mob luxury dining. It's beautiful inside, and the service was pretty good. Drinks were made well, and right amount of alcohol. We had the alligator sausage to start out, and it was perfect. I loved the wild mushrooms,  but he didnt. Turtle soup tasted like ravioli filling, hardly any flavor. Their house salad was beyond weak, I can't stand when all you put on a salad is iceberg lettuce and a couple radishes with some dressing that tastes like basic package made ranch. He had the steak, crab cake, and shrimp. The steak was the only decent part, and they didn't ask how he wanted it done, so it was too done for us. For 41 dollars, the portions were tiny, and we don't eat much, we aren't the typical Americans that think more is better...overall less than impressed, the 2 stars I give it is for the ambience.We had a reservation 4 days before Mardis Gras, group of 4. We also hit more modern Nola restaurants in the two days before. Arnauds is classic old school. Ancient building, tuxedoed servers and items and recipes that are decades old. The service was over the top. Three servers seemed to be keeping an eye on us, and they were so well coordinated we could not tell who was our lead. I love that about New Orleans... Truly professional waitstaff and so unlike the often too casual or too snooty we get in our Northen Calfornia restaurants... Every one agreed the salads were excellent...almost a surprise. The six baked oyster appetizer was a treat. Very rich assortment of sauces. Mixed reviews on the entrees... Cornish game was really well cooked but not especially interesting. My Pompano Duarte had a great sauce...portion would have been a little small without the richness of the sauce. As Sonoma county people we were a bit put off by the blah selection of our wines, and the markup was steep. Seems like they went for very safe choices (think Kendall-Jackson). Featured cocktails were way on the sweet side. Clearly they cater to a those who want the elegant Nola feel without adventurous palates. In sum, they're a great institution. You can get a lot neater food at places like Cochon, but you can't get that one of a kind old school New Orleans feelThe food was good, service was generally good, cocktails were excellent. Overall, I thought it was overpriced, but decent.A beautiful restaurant with excellent service, but unfortunately the food and price were detractors from the experience. We had oysters, Filet, and Trout Meuniere. All were very good. The cocktails we had were particularly delicious.  I don't mean to say the food was bad, really it was quite good, but the prices here are sky high, and there are better, cheaper restaurants throughout the Quarter. Come for the gorgeous decor and excellent service if you like, but sadly I think one could do better for dinner.I have spent most of my visit in New Orleans looking for good food and good music and I easily found both and more here.  We sat on the Jazz bistro side and got exactly what I pictured NOLA fine dining to be with white tablecloths, amazing energy and awesome jazz playing.  Along with the atmosphere the food was phenomenal!!!  I would recommend this restaurant immediately, best meal I've had in town!Kind of a downer for the fun of the french quarter.  shrimp arnaud app was overpowered with horseradish.  Crab cakes were very good but not super special.  ponchetrain was well prepared but underseasoned.  for those 3 dishes and 2 drinks plus tip was $140.  just not really worth it.  The vibe in there is very old, though we did eat early.After pacing through the French Quarter one evening looking for something to eat I saw Arnaud's so I quickly yelped the place and read a few reviews. I decided to give it a try, after eating Gumbo and PO-Boys for the entire trip I knew I needed a upscale Creole dinner. Arnoud's is a nice old school New Orleans restaurant. The menu is very short and simple with a few recognizable dishes. I ordered the "Breast of Chicken Pontalba" which wasn't a over sized dish but was very filling considering I had been eating all day prior. This place gets a 5 star rating based on the great old school attentive service. Too bad my GF wasn't with me because this is the perfect date restaurant before a night on the town.I really,  really wanted to give this a 3 star. 
The Jazz and the second floor Mardi Gras from the past helped.
The restaurant itself spans over a block. 
It's huge, does have 2 levels and promotes separate dining options based on dress requirements. 
We opted for the Bistro since it was a business casual  (not formal) dining event and offered the jazz 
The second level is an old Mardi Gras museum of sorts and worth the walk through.
The service? They were all friendly and professionally dressed. 
The food? Really wasn't as impressive as their menu would suggest .
Noone overly complained but no one really raved about food either.  The general thought was the food took way to long from start to finish  (2 hours) and in combination with price wasn't really that great. Most meal selections do not offer sides and sides aren't family siize or shareable per say. In combination with wine, pricey it was.
I would agree with other reviews that they're hanging on to some old traditions here and may improve by considering new menu's and adding some chefs with flavor and flare. 
For the record,  the bananas foster looked worth it. 
We stayed for the jazz (they were worth every penny) and the experience with friends. 
Improvements are needed here for them to remain at their price point with better reviews.We had a wonderful experience here. The food was delicious, the music was on point and the serving staff was amazing. My mom and I split the steak with mushroom sauce, the creamed spinach and the special potato dish. The creamed spinach was amazing! Everything was cooked perfectly, and complimented each other very well. Hannibal was our server. He did an amazing job. He was very attentive, not over bearing, and made our experience at Arnauds wonderful. I hope to have him again next time we are there!My wife and I have been several times over the past two decades, mostly recently last month.  Service is top of the line and the menu is about as varied as you will find.The shrimp creole and crab cakes were good as well as the pompano fillet. Loved the soufflé potatoes - definitely worth a try. Unfortunately our waiter was not very friendly and rushed us through our meal and to the bill not letting us enjoy it. The two stars are more for the service than anything else -LONG WAIT. 
The night started out wonderful, the staff remained friendly, charming, and helpful throughout the night, and we received our drinks promptly. The food also came out pretty quickly and we had a never-ending supply of bread and water thanks to Bruce. 
As for the food, it was delicious, but I think I enjoyed my friends' dishes better than mine. We shared an appetizer of escargot which came with puff pastries ont he top. I think it was pretty good, but I like Galatoire's escargot better. If you do eat it, eat the puff pastry WITH the escargot and not separately. 
Then I got the quail which was a good dish, just didn't really fit my palate. It didn't really make me want more and I think there could have been more of a crisp to the bacon wrapped around the quail. My friends got duck with blueberry sauce, cornish game hen, and fish. 
The cornish game hen was my favorite dish and if I ever go back to Arnauds, I'm getting it. It was savory, a little sweet, and the rice underneath was cooked to perfection.  
Oh, and the banana's foster was pretty amazing.  They make it on a cart in front of you so you get a show too. 
The reason I took 2 stars off is because it took 30+ minutes for us to get the check when we were done and I had to be some place and I missed it. :( Although we didn't feel rushed, I still felt like that should have been taken care of.Food very good.  Service not so much.  There was a carafe of water on our table when we arrived but no glasses.  I was thirsty.  We gave drink orders and waited for over 10 minutes for them to arrive. No water glasses materialized.  Finally a member of our party had to ask for them.  Bread appeared with no bread plates. A member of our party asked for them and was told bread plates were not the Cajun way. Just put your bread on the tablecloth.  I was not very hungry but our waitress acted like I was crazy when I asked for a salad as an entree   I had already ordered a half dozen oysters as an appetizer.  I got a bowl of gumbo and the salad as my entree.  My gumbo was unceremoniously dumped in a bowl, splattering over the sides. Waiters hovered constantly wanting to remove dishes we had not finished. One tried to take away my oysters before I had finished all of them.  One grabbed my husband 's plate just as he was taking his last bite. Our waitress acted as if I was putting her out when I asked for a glass of red wine. I was hoping for suggestions but she just said Pinot noir with an irritated expression.  When my soup and salad came it was too much and I could only eat the soup.  No need for both. We ordered dessert to share and it came without dessert plates for everyone.  Once again a waiter appeared to snatch away the dessert before it was finished.  Also the table pad was torn and it looked like the tablecloth was dirty on the parts over the torn pad. On the plus side, the cafe Brulot was excellent as an after dinner drink.  Would not go here again. Service is important to me.Fantastic service, food, ambience. I have dietary restrictions and they did everything possible to accommodate me and made it all so effortlessly.Luckily the company paid. I get the appeal of eating at a historical restaurant, in a private dining room, attended by your personal waiter, but in the end, I want the food to be good. 
The alligator sausage, oysters on a half shell, and crab cream cheese dip were fine starters but nothing wowed. 
My Pontachatrain fish with crawfish tails was just okay. It was dull in flavor and a sad on the plate. The $9 side of creamed spinach was weak and the praline dessert was cloyingly sweet. 
The service? Stellar, but can't make up for boring and dull food.Old school new orleans. So good.
[from a New Orleanian, even though my location will change soon :(   ]Attended a wedding reception here. The  beef fillet was so tender you could cut with a fork. And the gumbo was probably the best I ever anywhere. The Vanna foster was also very good. A must eat at place to splurge on a trip to New Orleans.This was an amazing classic restaurant in the French quarter. We went for the Sunday Jazz Brunch and shared the shrimp arnaud, side salad, crab quiche and flaming bananas foster and bloody Marys to drink. Each dish was executed beautifully on beautiful white linens and served by an attentive staff. The old Dixieland jazz band takes all your cares away. 
I fell in love with this place somewhere between the fifth bite and the second song.Arnaud's has the classic New Orleans service without the snooty overtones of some other restaurants. Our waiter, Jasper was great. Ordered Petit Filet Lafitte - was able to cut the steak with a fork! Delicious. Strawberries Arnaud for dessert was the perfect end to the meal. We'll go back, for sure!Atmosphere: Lovely. Traditional without being boring. The main dining room, with its portraits, hooks on the wall, and large windows, creates a sense of history.
Service: Flawless. Glasses refilled promptly. Dishes served properly and with excellent timing.
Food: The Shrimp Arnaud features what may be the best remoulade sauce in the city: fresh shrimp covered in the creamy warmth of mustard and sweetness. Souffleed potatoes were perfect and puffy and not overdone. The main dishes were nicely executed. Even the coffee was delicious. Large wine list.
This is a great place to experience traditional Creole cuisine.Had a nice night at Arnaud's, but it wasn't what I was hoping for.  
First of all, this place is LOUD.  If you're hoping for a place to have a quiet, intimate dinner, this is not it.  Also, the food, while good, was nothing amazing.  My crabmeat Karen was even a little cold by the time they brought it out, and the puff pastry could have been a little crispier.  
That being said, the service was beyond reproach.  The wine list was extensive and of a super high caliber, and even reasonably priced.  The decor was classy and elegant.
In all, a decent experience, but I don't think I need to return.Slow, slow service for Sunday jazz brunch. Food was mediocre. Nothing really blew the 6 of us away. We asked for coffee when our dinner plates were picked up & it was not delivered until after we finished dessert.So this place was great for us.  The bread, the baked oysters the arnaud's sampler I got while the gf got the filet rare.  Those potato puff things, brilliant.  I wouldn't change a thing.  We enjoyed everything here.WOWZA! Jazz brunch was fantastic!!!!! After a long night out on the time my friends and I decided to do a little fancy dining and picked Arnaud's.  We walked in and were greeted with a old timey, old southern feel and it was so comforting.  We were seated on the far side of the restaurant and were able to see everything that was going on. I started my meal out with the Oysters and they were very good. Not great, but good. The Turtle soup however, was incredible! So was the shrimp creole! The shrimp were marinated in a mustardy dressing that was so spicy and hot it cleared out my sinus's! But it was well worth it. 
I had the Eggs Sardou, poached eggs covered with creamed spinach and hollandaise, atop of artichoke bottoms. It was southern hospitality and comfort food at its finest.  The wild mushroom omelet was awesome, and so was the omelet fromage.  
The jazz was also an added touch to Sunday brunch.  I loved every second of this longer brunch.  The desert was just the icing on the cake to end a wonderful brunch, and weekend in New Orleans!Food, service, and atmosphere are superb in this oldest restaurant in the country.  One of the Grande Dames of New Orleans.  Menu choices are creative, as are cocktails, some of which were invented here in the past.  Preparation is lighter than most high-end French Quarter restaurants, lacking heavy cream sauces and such.  Flavors are balanced, ingredients fresh.  Presentation is artful as well, pleasing to the eye as well as the taste.  Deserts are creative and flavorful without being excessive.  The two flaming desserts are showy without being frightening pyrotechnic displays.
Service is attentive and knowledgeable about ingredients and preparation.  Service is also attentive without being obsequious or fusty.  Among the most professional service I have seen anywhere.
The atmosphere in the main room is gracious and spacious.  The etched glass front is spectacular.  A formal atmosphere without being fusty.  The entrance has a private club or speakeasy feel to it.  If you are nice, a tour of the basement wine cellar is worth a trip, as is the speakeasy-like bar.
MY wife and I had our wedding rehearsal diner in one of the elegant private dining rooms upstairs.  The food was superb, and the staff worked gaily with our rowdy family, including children who thought they were in a movie set.
BY all measures, this is a place checking out for culinary and historical reasons.  World-class, and a world away from the Bourbon Street mayhem just outside the door.  Patrons cross cultural and culinary thresholds as they enter.  I think they handle large groups, but bear in mind this place is dignified, and get a private dining room if your group is otherwise.  I have had friends in the past who show up with a large, hungry group of old pals who book a private room and eat appetizers and drink an afternoon away.
Bear in mind that fine dining in New Orleans is not spicy.  Spiciness is an interpretation of Cajun cooking.  This place has a French patoit in the preparation and sauces.  
I have been here when they have had live music.  The style is what I call "gentile jazz", fun, but not distracting or intended to be a musical concert quality.  The jazz is background music, not the  transcendent experience  that jazz geeks relish.The restaurant is the youngest (like that even means anything  in being 90 years old) of the grand Creole restaurants (Antoine's Galatoire's & Arnaud's), and almost seems like it is trying to be a bit of a copy of Antoine's, while being a little less stuffy. The food is delicious, but the portions are smaller, are slightly more expensive, and don't quite have the same richness of those at Antoine's. If you go do NOT skimp the remoulade, as this is the best in the world. (Hint: or you could go to Arnaud's Remoulade Cafe around the corner and have the same gumbo and remoulade and a few other eselect dishes at cheaper prices).Loved this restaurant! Went for dinner on a Saturday evening and the ambience is great. Oysters are delicious! My boyfriend had the duck and it was incredible. Crab claw appetizer is good too. Great drinks! Loved the French 75.I went to dinner here with a couple of business associates and we really enjoyed it!
Margo was our server and she did an absolute fantastic job taking care of us.  Martinis were well made and chilled to perfection. My only complaint was they didn't have my usual Titos Vodka, but hey, that's a pretty minor issue in the grand scheme of things. 
I ordered the Pompano Duarte and it was nothing short of amazing and my business associates raved about their food as well.  The music in the dining room was also a really nice treat!  
If you're looking for a place off Bourbon, this is it!The food was great, the location was very romantic with the 10 or more chandeliers in the main dining room. But what made our night was the excellent service from johnnie, silver and the table lead(lady). The service and food was so good we went back a second time. As a note they made every effort to help me be comfortable as I arrived on crutches. Sending our servers a warm aloha!Great food and good Jazz music.  The food is good (loved the turtle soup), but the specialty drinks are pricy.Had a good meal here. It's very loud and hectic in the bistro where we were seated.  Jazz music trio was cool.Hubby and I had date night here a few nights ago.  The ambience was cool (live jazz band), and the food was good, not spectacular, but decent.  The French 75 cocktail was delicious! The three stars is for the cost. Overall good experience, but in my humble opinion, overpriced.Sooooo disappointed. Was seated next to window on Bourbon St. & had to watch & listen to young tap dancers outside our window. The dancers were young children being exploited by their parents to get tip $$ from kind pedestrians. All the while the tap dancing, which was by no means real dancing, just kids making noise on the stones was competing with the live jazz music. My house salad was ok but the dressing tasted overwhelming like mayo. The house specialty potato soufflé is basically just a puffy French fry for $8.95. The Shrimp Arnaud was also very mediocre - couldn't even finish it. My husband ordered the shrimp creole for $26.95 & it arrived as a small portion, more like tapas size. He rated it 3 out of 5.The restaurant itself is very classy and upscale without seeming pretentious. This was hubby and I my first experience in a restaurant like this one in the French Quarter for dinner. The service was immaculate and the food was delicious and the flavors refined. We'd never had oysters before so ordered them done three-ways for our appetizer. I can't say they were totally my thing but they weren't bad either. Hubby loved them. The decor is beautiful and this is a great restaurant if you want to get really dressed up and/or impress a date.This is an old-school NOLA place and it can still hold it's own. We walked in with no reservation and were able to get a table. We were offered the room with a jazz trio for $4 more person and we chose that option. It was fabulous! We ate our delectable dinner with a lovely, live jazz music. We started with bakes oysters, and now my daughter refuses to eat oysters anywhere else! Our dinner and dessert we equally fantastic and we all left happy and satisfied. The service was immaculate - hats off to the staff! Give this place a chance, you won't be disappointed!We'd spent the morning and early afternoon shooting video near  Pascagoula MS when weather moved in halted production for day. A perfect time to visit this restaurant that WEB Griffin helped add to its fame.  I was more interested in the restaurant than the food since I don't eat seafood. After arrival, I saw the much touted dress code was near non-existent. Too bad, as I like dress codes and don't care to eat in a fine dining restaurant in the company of those who don't like dress codes. The interior was nice, but not special. It seemed it was just an old, although tastefully furnished, restaurant, but hardly memorable. I got a good table, but didn't like the unpadded chairs. That was all quickly forgotten as I experienced the absolutely perfect service I'd heard and read about. I order the filet mignon without seasoning and that drew an arched eyebrow. (invoked the golden rule here) The steak was good, but not $40 worth of good. However, the praline crepes were underpriced for how good they tasted. Awesome. I'll probably not return to Arnaud's, but don't let that deter you seafood eaters from at least giving it a try.We sat in the Jazz Bistro and had an excellent meal! The music was great and they took requests. Banjo, upright bass and trumpet trio. Very talented! 
The food was excellent! Started off with a French 75 cocktail which was fabulous! Shared a few appetizers with the table including Oyster Arnaud, Arnaud's shrimp, potatoe souffle, and alligator sausage. Loved everything!! The sausage was spicy and delicious. The Oysters Arnaud were my favorite!
For dinner we had the Wohl sampler. The crab cake was fantastic. The veal was super tasty and I loved the mushroom sauce. The crawfish was also great.
For dessert we had the toffee chocolate bombe and the strawberries with vanilla ice cream. Both were excellent. The coffee was also great.
We had a large table of 9 and they were very accommodating. Service was on point. 
Perfect meal!Expensive but mediocre. My pompano Duarte was  small and very overcooked.  The wild mushroom side was good as was the bread. Service was good and the atmosphere is nice. Good place to bring someone you want to impress but if I pay $35 for an entrée I expect it to be competently prepared.Great restaurant with great atmosphere! I got the escargot and it was so good. I don't know the waiters name that I had but he was super friendly and funny. For dessert I had a cappuccino and a chocolate coffee bomb that was amazing. I stumbled upon this place looking for a place to eat. I had gone to another place and the wait was 30 min. So as I was waiting, for that I thought I'd look for another place to eat that maybe didn't have a wait. This place I did not have to wait at all. The one thing I would warn you though is they will ask if you want to sit in a quieter dining area or a live jazz band that is slightly louder. I chose the jazz band and they charged me $8.00 for the music on the tab. They do not tell you this beforehand. I'm happy though that the musicians are getting paid good money but had I known that I probably would not have sat in that area.I had the oyster sampler- Oyster Arnaud's- good, the best was the Karen (Parmesan) I believe. The the Shrimp Bisque and all following a few cocktails at the bar. Yum! Not bad for less then $40/person and the dining room is pretty.I had their oysters which were quite yummy. Everybody I was with ordered a variety of things which no one had a bad review regarding our food. Service was awesome!We were headed to a different place for dinner but that restaurant was full so we were trying to decide where to go. We walked by Arnaud's and I really wanted to try it. We walked in without a reservation and we were immediately seated and well attended to. The atmosphere was perfect and I love the special touches they do like the crumb comb after the bread and always having a full glass of water.
My husband ordered the Breast of Chicken Pontalba and I ordered the Filet Mignon Charlemond. Both meals were AMAZING! The chicken was one of the best things I have ever tasted!! The filet was absolutely wonderful as well!Was awesome.  Ate here with some local family and wanted a true Nola only place.  Got the oysters and Veal. The sides were amazing also.  Don't ask for a steak knife, they don't have one!! I wasn't sure about a butter knife on it, but it really was like butter. Will be back.The service was not up to par.  The shrimp have gotten VERY small. I was very disappointedAte there for New Year's Eve.
Food and service was excellent. Atmosphere was a bit loud, but hey, it was New Year's Eve!
Overall, a fantastic diner!Our absolute favorite restaurant! I proposed to my wife at Arnaud's in November, and it could not have been more perfect! The staff went out of their way to make it an unforgettable occasion for us. The live jazz band was phenomenal, the service impeccable, atmosphere- entrancing, and the food exquisite! I cannot say enough about this place. You just have to experience it for yourself! You will not be dissapointed.We celebrate special occasions here. The food and atmosphere are fantastic. I can't wait to go for my birthday this year. Very excited!Cool atmosphere but that's about it. Food was overpriced (though good). You can get better cuisine at a better price in NOLA. Service wasn't that great as some wait staff were very attentive while the main waitress was indifferent. 
Wouldn't recommend given the great number of other places you could go in this city. French 75 looked like a cool time. Would advise doing drinks there but not food.Based on recommendation from the Concierge at our hotel, we chose Arnaud's to celebrate a very special milestone. After arriving for our reservation, we were promptly seated at a table in front of a window in the jazz bistro. We had PLENTY of  subject matter for conversation based on the things we saw!! (little did we know it was Bourbon Street we were watching...). 
FOOD: I had the chicken and andouille gumbo - tasty, rich, and filling. He was adventurous and ordered the alligator sausage - It tasted good; I just couldn't get past the fact that it was alligator. For the main course I had the pontchartrain and brabant potatoes - my fish and crab were good, sauce was okay. The potatoes were awful; hard, too crunchy, and bland. They reminded me of breakfast potatoes that had been sitting out all day. He had the filet mignon au poivre with sautéed baby vegetables - he enjoyed the filet; I tried the vegetables, they were decent.
I ordered crème brulee for dessert - very good.
AMBIENCE: dim lighting with candle lights, classy vibe, jazz trio was delightful - playing such classics as "What A Wonderful World" and "When the Saints Go Marching In." The guy on trumpet would sing too. It got very loud at times though, even without them playing the music; so much so that it was hard to hold a conversation. 
SERVICE: Our server was quite knowledgeable and helpful. The pace of the meal was good, and we never felt rushed.
LOCATION: right at the corner of Bourbon and Bienville. Cab had no trouble dropping us off.
DIDNT LIKE: Our Concierge called and made the reservation, so I don't know if he failed to mention our milestone to them. However, nothing special was ever done and that was unacceptable. We mentioned it to our server. Later, I assume a man that was the manager stopped by to check on us, but he didn't say anything either. I would've thought the server would tell him. I mentioned it to the manager when we were leaving when I asked him to take a picture of us. 
I just expected better from a restaurant of this caliber. Send the jazz trio to our table or something, since they certainly stopped to serenade other patrons.Oh my god! What an amazing experience!!! Great food! Amazing service! 
Dinner in the jazz room was quite an experience! Great music, great atmosphere, great food. Very attentive service. Great suggestions by the servers. Highly recommended!
Started with the SMOKED POMPANO BOURGEOIS appetizer. Very tasty! Light, smoky, not too filling! For entrees, had the PETIT FILET LAFITTE stuffed with fried oysters in a traditional creole sauce (AMAZING!) and the red fish PONTCHARTRAIN entree. Both absolutely delicious. Beef was so tender!! Asked server for a steak knife and he jokingly replied, "we've never had steak knives in this restaurant!"  You can cut the beef with a butter knife!
Red fish was topped with very generous portion of fresh lump crab meat. and lightly dirzzled with a white wine butter sauce!  FABULOUS!
Only negative were the veggie sides. Potato "souflees," which we though would be a gratin style potato, were basically French fries, and the asparagus had no seasoning. 
Dessert is another show in and of itself. Bananas foster prepared tableside with a full explanation of the history of their bananas foster as well as a CAFÉ BRÛLOT, which is a spiced orange coffee dessert also prepared tableside. A definite WOW moment! 
Great place!  Give it a go!  Well worth it!Our server, Ellen, quite literally made our experience. Fantastic timing, recommendations and a sweet, but soothing southern charm. Arnaud's atmosphere is quaint and the food knock-out. Serenaded by a jazz trio table-to-table made my dinner with a colleague quite a nice date.
If you get the Profiterole for dessert go ahead and splurge on an after dinner drink... something like Nocello, a fancy Frangelico. You will not regret it.
Make sure to stop upstairs for a quick walk through the museum while you are there. If you smoke, the restaurant has a cigar bar on the opposing end of the jazz room.Went for a birthday dinner, which turned out just fine. I'm giving a mediocre rating only because my server passed me three times before I had to stop her in order to ask for a refill on my drink (everyone but me at my table were given their beverage and asked if they'd like more). The food was very tasty and I will not knock them for it. Perhaps it was an off night for her and I'm willing to try it again and hopefully lead me to change my review.This place is old school. We ate in the Jazz Bistro right in front of the Jazz band. The band moves around from table to table so be sure to have on the top of your head which song you would like them to play for you when they come around. We had several waiters serving us. To be sure you should spend a long time here so don't get antsy when the service is slow. Enjoy it as much as you can. Order the classics here. We had turtle soup, shrimp Arnaud, escargot, and the praline ice cream pie. All were very delicious. It was a treat to people watch on bourbon street, listen to some music, and enjoy a classic New Orleans meal.I can't imagine celebrating LuniGras anywhere else in town!   Great food, amazing drinks.   Service was a little off.   Too many wait staff without a clear explanation of who is actually helping you.I attended a pharmaceutical in service February 18, 2016 and the service was impeccable. The Shrimp Arnaud was perfectly chilled and piquant. The wined served to accompany the appetizer was a suitable starter. As the presentation was underway the waiters stealthy passed around more delicious appetizers and wine. As the presentation concluded the waiters calmly requested what participants would like for their entree. I have be attended many in services around the city before but Arnaud's is easily in my 10 for their excellence. Within 10 minutes, my entree was in front on me and it was scrumptious. My mouth is watering even thinking about it. The piece de resistance was the incredible bananas foster. My phone was dead and unfortunately I couldn't share it with everyone. Dessert was divine. I wish I could have this dinner all over again as I write this this review.Sunday Jazz Brunch, yummy but I think the atmosphere and setting are really what it is about. The service is on point, the place feels like you've gone back in time and you can totally imagine the old elegant days. With that being said, my bad on strolling in wearing a tank top and leggings with my boyfriend in hat. Oops. Should have done my due diligence. But that didn't change the level of service we received. The brunch is three courses and the food was really good, but again, I think there' s much more to this place than just the food. I had the shrimp appetizer with a really yummy sauce, but nothing to write home about. Surprising because it's their signature dish. My main course was the crab cheesecake, which I can best describe as a creamy quiche. The dessert stole the show, chocolate toffee torte. That is the one thing I can say I was so focused on, the atmosphere no longer mattered. I think this place is a must try, but while the food is good, really good, I don't think its the main reason you go...The food was good. Our waiter was friendly, however the service was slow. We made dinner reservations for our group of 10 for 9:00 PM. It took our waiter a while, maybe 20 minutes, to even approach the table. Food was slow to get out. We ended up being there for two and a half hours. Usually i am lenient with wait staff because i spent some years in the restaurant industry, but i expect A+ service when I'm paying good money. We also paid $4 a person to sit near the band, and they hardly played at all. Maybe this is the normal time to spend at this restaurant, but if I was told that we'd be there two hours I would have gone somewhere else.What a disappointment tonight! After three people spending over $300 for a decent but not outstanding dinner we left only to return 2 minutes later as my adult daughter left her phone on the table. The phone had already been turned off by someone and the manager assured us his staff would not have taken it and would not even discuss this with us! We were at a private corner table, she was in the corner and we are being told it must have been a customer?? So insulting and we know it had to be internal, there were no occupied tables next to us when we left. Really appalling how shabbily we were treated! We ate there fairly often and I will tell anyone how poorly we were treated by management , and the cuisine is not up to par compared to what it once was.we enjoyed the filet with au pois sauce, and were confused when they didn't serve us a steak knife...upon asking, we were schooled!
their meat is so tender, no steak knife needed!
i definitely recommend the souffle potatoes, don't leave new orleans without trying them at arnaud's.
turtle soup with sherry was unstoppable, i wanted to order a second bowl!
for those of you who aren't all that in to horseradish, steer clear of the shrimp with roumalade sauce (ick!)Well the food and service may have crashed into the side of a mountain, but at least it's still really expensive. 
Returned to Arnaud's after a 5 year hiatus, and was amazed to see how bad the food and service had gotten.  Frankly, I was embarassed that I'd organized the dinner. 
Some notable problems:
- Food was over seasoned, and poorly put together.  About the quality you'd expect from a Chilies. 
- Staff was slow with wine, food, even bread. 
- While making the bananas foster, the waitress spilled a hefty dollop of melted brown sugar/liquer on my buddy's pantleg.  No apology or acknowledgement of the spill
Sad to see what has happened.Arnaud's made for an enchanted evening for us. From having our cocktail at the beautiful bar, to the beautiful dining room and excellent service and food, we loved every bit of our dining experience!  Since it's almost right at the corner of Bourbon Street, we were able to continue the fun afterwards by checking out the great nightlife. Will definitely return!The waitstaff is the highlight of this restaurant. The food was decent but took longer than expected to be prepared. There was a jazz band however the dining area is small so it was too loud to converse with your guests. On top of that we were changed a "music fee" for the jazz band.New Orleans most fun jazz brunch! Order the cafe brulot with dessert and you won't be disappointed with the buzz or the table side show, the aroma is a bonus! 
Definitely make reservations bc it gets packed for Sunday brunch.