Best sushi around town in nola. Best quality fish. The rolls have less rice and more stuffing. My favorite rolls are nemo, shaggy dog, and the rice paper roll. Its a must try! Avocado popper is one my fav appetizers. The owner is so nice and service is awesome! Come check this place out if your near. Better than mikimoto!Everything was great, food, service and ambiance.
I rarely enjoy the soup at sushi restaurants and the salad is sometimes lacking in flavor, but both the miso soup and ginger salad were on point.
The crunchy rolls were fresh and delicious!
The hibachi rice, steak, shrimp and noodles were seasoned well and cooked to order. 
The only negative is that they don't serve fountain drinks, only bottles, so no free refills. However, I haven't had a Sprite this strong and tasty in sometime. 
Lastly, the service from Nick was great. He was very knowledgeable, personable and fast. And he is hilarious. They should just install a stage in the center of the restaurant and give him a mic.My new fave place, super fresh sashimi thick center cuts, nice staff, I can't wait to go back to try more!  It's small and not in a fancy area but its better than any St. Charles or Magazine spot. I asked for extra wasabi and ginger and got exactly that.  The salmon was some of the best I've had anywhere, melted in my mouth.  The other cuts just perfect.  The octopus super fresh and soft.  The miso soup was exactly how its supposed to be if you like the real thing and I could tell their ginger salad dressing was made in house.  I don't really eat rolls I'm a sashimi purist but will be checking out the other items with a non sashimi eating friend soon.  I'm a happy camper.  If you don't like the place you don't know good fish.  If all you want is something cooked in front of you go to some other crappy place for Anericanized sub par fried rice and flavorless cooked food.  THIS is a great sushi bar.  I was born and raised in Hawaii, I know fresh fish and this place rocks...it really is a hidden gem!Amazing!!! Had the Nemo, LSU and the Saints go go go rolls!!! I use to frequent Hana and Mikimoto, this place is between the two if you are heading down Carrolton, but trust me, this place gives them both a run for their money-go here !! It is the best sushi I have had in NOLA! I am just so excited about this place. I came here on Friday after reading the yelp reviews and am back again this Saturday..I really enjoyed the sushi here . It was fresh, tasty and good quality . The service was fast and friendly . It's a small place so the setting is intimate . I think this may be my new favorite sushi spot . I can't wait to go back and try more .I eat here almost an embarrassingly often number of times. But I feel no shame because these people are great at what they do. Consistently high quality food and  preparation. Friendly. 6 stars.Delicious sushi, great prices and wonderful service! We had the El Diablo roll, Metairie roll and I can't remember the other one:/ BUT of course that one was our favorite. They have photos of most everything on the menu though, which I love. Must try place!Best sushi in New Orleans. Hands down. Great quality for very fair prices. And they will let you BYOB!!! Highly recommend the Koi roll, LSU roll, and the Mango roll.I want everyone to know that Asuka is STILL the BEST sushi in town, and I have now tried quite a few. Every time I think to myself "Oh, I'll try that other place tonight, just to be different" or "this place is right in front of me and it's the only option" I am only supremely let down because it is NEVER as good as what I can get here, and it is usually more expensive to boot. I have only had fantastic service, whether it was lunch, dinner, or take-out, so I really can't relate to anyone saying differently. My husband and I only go once a month or less but we are apparently regulars nonetheless as at least one hostess/waitress knows us by name (and we primarily do take-out). Please give this place a shot, and make sure you try the chef's salad (spiralized cucumber and heavenly sauce and other yummies), the Nemo Roll, the No-rice Roll, El Diablo, Sexy Girl Roll, Tuna and Tuna, and I could go on forever because we've tried so much and it is all stellar. Of particular note is the above-and-beyond quality of the fish, especially the salmon. I have never had salmon so delicious. PLEASE eat here because I never want to face a world where Asuka is not there to make delicious sushi.If you are near Ochsner do yourself a favor ant try this place. Without yelp I would have driven right by it! Absolutely fantastic food and service. A gleaming gem in an interesting neighborhood! This time had the tuna and tuna and one of the rice free rolls. Can't wait to eat my day through the menu a roll at a time.My experience here was great! Yes, it's a small establishment but they offer great service. Don't expect this place to be loaded with servers like other sushi places around town. I'm generally carb conscious when I'm eating out. I'm so glad they offered some rolls with no rice. I tried the Snow Crab Naruto roll and the BR Roll. I think I'm in love with the BR Roll! I loved both rolls! I loved it so much I had to order a couple of orders to go to share with my family. Everyone loved it! I'll definitely come back again. You should give it a try!Yay for fresh and tasty sushi with lots of creativity in the specialty rolls that are available.  Yes, it used to be a Daiquiri drive-thru, and yes, on driving past you probably would drive straight past.  However, don't let appearances be deceiving.  Asuka Sushi is VERY clean inside.  They've been open for about a year and will soon have their  license so you can enjoy a beer with your meal too, but in the meantime, you can bring your own.  This was our first visit and we will be back.  We had the Louisiana roll and the Red Devil roll - both lightly fried, but very lightly fried and so delicious.  We also had the El Diablo roll.  We would reorder all three rolls next time, yes even if that was tomorrow!   We also tried a side of the hibachi shrimp and rice and it was good.Great food reasonable prices. Currently byob.  If you like spicy the Mexican roll was my favorite.The sushi was very good...we ordered an entree with a variety to share.  We also ordered some hibachi entrees...the meat dishes were somewhat overdone.  Probably not their strong point.I would give it 6 stArs if I could. Best sushi I've ever had. Our server Nick was incredible. He made great recommendations for my unique palate. The more crowded the dining room became the more obvious it was that he could handle anything. Will come back whenever I return to NOLA. The owner greeted us warmly & chefs prepared sushi within view.Delicious! I tried to order online and it told me my address was out of their delivery range, so I called and placed my order and they gladly delivered! Will def order from here againWhoa!  I was not quite prepared for this.  This the perfect humble little neighborhood sushi bar gem.  Haven't yet found one in NOLA.  Not fancy but comfy.  Why do I like it so much?  Because the sashimi is freshest and best I have had in this city.  We only got one roll (black and gold) which was solid and prepared with care.  
But the killer was the sashimi dinner for $20.  The fish was ungodly fresh and delicious.  The yellow tail killed me but the escolar was the best piece of sashimi I have EVER eaten.  U can order this plate without certain items so if you don't like giant clam, they'll sub out something else.
Oh BTW...they have fresh wasabi, the real stuff.  To die for.  And they deliver and cater... so next Saints game can have a sushi second half.Look past its seemingly unwelcoming exterior for incredible sushi in an actually very welcoming interior! I always get the salmon sashimi when I go--it's simply the best in town--but the rolls are great too. It'd be hard to go wrong with your order!Wow! Defiantly don't judge a book by its cover! This place was amazing. Staff is really friendly. I had the snow crab Naruto and Louisiana roll. Boyfriend had the steak and chicken hibachi..needless to say we sat in silence bc everything was extremely delicious. Happy food dance approved! Will be coming backThis is what real sushi houses should be modeled after. Family owned and they actually roll the sushi right out in the open, meaning no pre-made stuff here folks. The waiter was a nice young man and was very attentive and polite. Will return soon.Recently discovered this place while looking for delivery sushi on Yelp.
Have to say, it is absolutely my favorite sushi restaurant in New Orleans. The fish is fresh, the prices are reasonable, and the delivery option is an automatic plus. Never again will I have to order from the comparatively subpar Mikimoto.
I absolutely recommend "The Tower" appetizer. It is my favorite dish on the menu.
Some negatives - the actual restaurant isn't in the most convenient location or neighborhood, and the space is a little small. The Hibachi options are passable and the anime poster decor is...interesting. 
Even so, I don't plan on going anywhere else for Sushi in New Orleans anymore.
Closed Sundays.This is the best overall sushi joint in NOLA proper. We frequent it regularly and haven't had a bad meal yet. The Aloha and Nemo rolls are favorites as is The Tower. Their hibachi rice side dish can turn a couple of pieces of sushi into a whole meal for just 3 bucks more. I am perplexed by the people who don't like Nick- he is part of the reason we love this place. Nice as can be and really knows how to be a professional server- remembers little tidbits about us and I always enjoy even brief interactions with him. I think perhaps some people don't know what humor is, but more sushi for me. Check it out, you won't be disappointed.My second visit here- very impressed.  Our server Nick was exceptional!  He was the only server and maintained a high level of personal attention to all tables in the dining room. He knows the menu well and made some great recommendations. Wish I lived closer so I could come more often.Found this gem on Yelp and we took a gamble and won! Amazing sushi and service! I loved that they had an option for everyone ie if you want sushi, they had quality fish, and if you wanted fun rolls, they have that too.
We were really impressed with the sushi, the salmon, hamachi, escarole and tuna, and would have gotten more if we could have fit it. 
We got a few rolls too, my favorite were the rocky roll and the nemo, but all were great. 
This place is total hole in the wall gem, just remember to bring your booze as they are still getting their liquor license.I absolutely love Asuka!  We order take out from them at least once a week.  The staff is always very friendly and helpful and the food is delicious.  I highly recommend the Hibachi Noodles and/or Rice.We've chosen this place by positive reviews on yelp and headed for the address. Upon arrival we thought we got in the wrong place- the parking lot is kinda small, easy to miss(which we did) inside it's really tiny as well,with just a few tables. No hibachi tables( it's cooked in the kitchen)but I'm so glad we stayed! The food was great. First-miso soup was just right for our liking-saturated enough but not too salty. Rolls, even though looked pretty regular, tasted absolutely ah-mazing! Fresh, not too much fake crab meat, neatly packed. And hibachi-y'all have to give it a try. No oily buttery taste, hint of garlic with rice. Noodles-just the right texture, kids ate them in no time! Shrimps-good size and even better taste. We had Tiger Roll and Crazy White Fish( deep fried roll), while at it I have to mention- they have a variety of fried rolls. Our server was Louis, he made our visit very welcome. While he was pretty busy with other tables as well, he always made nice remarks, checked on us, kept friendly conversation with children and did drink refills in timely manner ( however, they don't have soda machine- kid's sprite came in bottle).  We will defiantly come by again to try other rolls that we couldn't possibly fit in our overjoyed tummies this time.I leave reviews rarely. The thing is, I ate at this restaurant a year ago for my birthday and I cannot stop thinking about it still. I almost want to make the drive from Houston just to be able to have it on my birthday again this week. The sashimi was insane. The tuna and ponzu (I think) appetizer had my boyfriend and I craving it forever after. The TEMPURA CHEESECAKE blew me away. I would leave more stars if I could. One of the best meals I've ever had.Very good sushi.  The place is sketchy but don't get alarmed. The outside is very broken down but the inside is great. The food was good and worth remembering. Probably top 3 sushi place in new Orleans.Our server, Nick, provided great consumer service. He recommendations were wonderful.  The food was amazing.  I'll be backWow - just got incredible sushi delivered to my front door!!! Great fresh fish put together with creative spices - the price was very reasonable and the driver arrived on time! Highly recommend!I eat sushi weekly/bi-weekly. I made this my new go-to place.  I just really like the freshness & quality. Delivery is slow, but they do deliver! I have had an issue with placing an order online, so I recommend calling it in.OMB!!!  Oh my Buddha, for those of u who are not in the know.
Can't believe this place is a five minute drive from our place and we had never been.  Probably because it's pretty inconspicuous, and it's kinda in a somewhat sketch area.  But, don't let that stop you!  It's small inside, but has a nice vibe... Lots of anime pics on the wall too.  The hubby and I went for an early dinner and were the only ones there.  Staff was super friendly and the food came out quick.
Here's the run down:
For our appetizer we had the seaweed salad.  Fesh, cold and delicious!
For dinner, we just got three special rolls.  The New Orleans, the Nemo and the Black and Gold.  The New Orleans was by far the best of the three.  A little bit of everything with an added crunch.  The Black and Gold was the prettiest, with more roe then I could ever ask for... But, it didn't have enough eel for my taste.
Overall, great find!  We will definitely be back!My husband and I love Asuka! We get it to-go weekly. Great quality and prices.This is probably the BEST sushi I've ever had.   It's so fresh and unique.  So far we've had the Aloha Roll, the El Diablo Roll, the Sumo Roll, and the Rice Paper Roll.  We've also had the Seafood Salad and the Cajun Seafood Salad.  I can't say which one was best because each time I get something I'm convinced it's the best thing I've ever had and it's my new favorite thing.   I hesitate to post this because I don't want it to get crazy and get too crowded.  But on the other hand, it's so good, they deserve for it to be popular.  Location is iffy, simply because it's in a small space, shared with an obviously popular Honduran restaurant, which I haven't tried yet, but I will soon.  The parking lot is small, but there is neighborhood street parking.   Go there.  Now.  It's good.This place exceeded our expectations.  It doesn't look like much from the outside but the food and service is world class... The food is full of flavor and so fresh!!! This is the best Japanese place I've been to in nolaThis place is hit or miss. Don't expect high quality sushi here. But it's also not the worse in town. Some days their sushi is fresh & other days it smells like rotten fish. Last time Hibachi chicken was soaked in some sort of disgusting sweet sauce & the chicken tasted like rubber.The outside might not be the best but the food was so good! We got apps and sushi rolls. They were all good! The El Diablo roll was amazing!The food is pretty good but the service was slow tonight. The only server here was Nick who clearly needed help. The only time the owner (Asia lady) assisted him with something was when she wanted to collect money and turn tables to make her more money.This is the best, freshest sushi I have found in NOLA. We love sushi and have eaten it all over the US. The first time I ever ate raw fish it was on a boat, right out of South Pacific. You can trust us to recommend good sushi. Asuka is it.As you drive up you will def think "should I really be eating fish from this shady shack"? The answer is YES! 
Once you step inside you find yourself in a very traditional sushi restaurant with a very corky waiter.
Order by putting the number of rolls you want on the sheet provided. My advice, be adventures everything will be very fresh and tasty. 
My favorites are The Tower and the Devil Roll. When you eat the tower make sure to include wasabi peas in your bite it will add a nice kick to it.
Great for lunch, dinner or a date. Only downside is parking is very limited.
Lesson of the day "don't judge a restaurant by its cover" ;-)The sushi may be good but the service was not. I used to order delivery frequently now not at all. No matter how many times I asked for wasabe they did not send it. The sushi itself is amazing. The sushi apps are some of the most creative yet delicately delightful items I have had the pleasure of eating. However, even the best dining experiences can be tarnished when a main item is missing and when you specifically ask for said item and its still not delivered well that can be infuriating.Parking lot is more like a scrap of concrete and seating is very limited. I have been twice with a party of four and five and i get the feeling that 5 is the limit for a party. I had the same male waiter on both occasions an he was...different . I don't know how to describe it. He's a bit on the strange side but you can tell that he wants you to enjoy your food. The sushi is top notch and I occasionally daydream about the Aloha Roll. Go here now before they get too popular and experience the odd waiter.Pretty good sushi yall!!! Good place to hang out and have some conversation. Also the prices aren't to badHands down best, freshest sushi in New Orleans for unbeatable prices. This is the opinion of everyone I know that has been there as wellBest sushi in the city!!! The Nemo roll and the Pesce Maguro were delicious! Everything is fresh and yummy!This is our favorite neighborhood sushi joint. The food is excellent and the service is stellar. I particularly like their hibachi noodles. The decor is nice and not pretentious.New Orleans was missing out on better sushi but now Asuka has arrived.  No more pedestrian excuse for sushi.  Beautifully prepared.  Intersection of art and food.  Fish so fresh it melts in your mouth.  Excellent no rice sushi options.  
Only negatives are no liquor license and a very funky location.  Otherwise I'd give it 5 stars.  Liquor can be had at the Hispanic bar next door.  The food is 5 star quality though.  Try the hamachi apps and the house special sushi.  
Finally some real sushi in NOLA!Ordered for pick up.
Fresh fish. Decent hibachi rice.
Not my favorite sushi restaurant, probably won't order again because they do not deliever to our neighborhood.Asuka is so far away from any restaurants of its type  but it's worth the drives even though the negatives.
Positives are that the food is great and can be customized however you desire. It's a nice, small but quaint place create for a date.
Negatives are that the service is very poor. They really need help with its server. The main server was very forgetful and sometimes tried too hard causing him to miss the target.This was good but not as good as I had hoped.  I really enjoyed the sashimi and my daughter liked her sushi.  The steak hibachi was really only average as were my wife's veggies.  The atmosphere is casual but cute.  There is not reason not to come here but it didn't blow us away.Growing up in and around New Orleans, I've had my fair share of sushi and I can confidently say this is the best around, and some of the cheapest. It's absolutely fabulous. The service is always quick and the wait staff is never unfriendly. In fact, our waiter was serving a bottle of sake to another table that had the name "haiku" and he recited an original haiku as he poured it that he came up with on the way to the table. The food is always perfect. You can splurge here for $15 a head and you can't say that for a lot of restaurants today.
I recommend the BR roll (I typically get it without cream cheese), crazy roll, and habachi rice side (it's only $2.95 and works so well as a side to room temp sushi)My husband and I have ate here quite a few times. Their food is absolutely delicious! I love the hibachi rice and I think they are the only ones that have the yum yum sauce! It's a little pricy, but it's well worth the money!!!Ok so don't be put off by the location!! This place is super adorable inside. It's very... Quaint and cozy. The staff is really friendly and patient (took me forever to pick what I wanted since I'm indecisive)... They have pictures of all the rolls (super helpful). Prices are decent. We had edamame, the house salad, shaggy dog roll, hibachi steak, and beef teriyaki. Roll was impressive (came out quickly), and both kitchen dinners were great (cooked to correct temperatures). Overall great experience in an unsuspecting place. Our server and sushi chef Johnny and Louis was hilarious and sweetFood was mad delicious. It was the first hibachi restaurant I've been to where the food was prepared in the back, but this did not take away from the experience, and it was plated better than any hibachi I've seen also. Anime art on the walls, odd choice which we found different and fun. 
The best part was our server, Nick. Very down to earth dude, did not recommend the most expensive thing on the menu to us or any other customers. Super funny. I'd totes be homies with Nick if I lived here. I mean of course that would have to be a mutual thing... but Nick would be my homie, right?
Great food, service and atmosphere.Such a great lil sushi find! This place is small but super clean, the parking lot is snug with no a lot of parking but the food definitely makes up for the lack of space.
Our waiter Nick was so nice, polite and quick.
I got the BR roll and my husband had the chicken hibachi plate (yes they have hibachi, no hibachi tables though) We had edamame as an app. Everything was great! We will definitely return to try out more rolls !!Cheap, fresh, local, small business and they deliver! Basically this is everything you want in a sushi spot...no reason to go anywhere else...that is unless you can get over the sketchy location lolFirst off, if you're not paying attention, you will drive right pass this place. However, the sushi rolls here are exceptionally good. My personal favorite so far is lion King roll. I also had other rolls such as lsu roll and Louisiana roll, also delicious as well.Went here for my daughter's 11th birthday dinner with family! She loves anything Japanese, so I made it my job to find her a great Japanese Restaurant. This place food was great! Our Server Nick was Superb :-) When we finished our dinner we ordered dessert and he brought it out with a candle and dim the lighting. She loved it and I love when she is happy. Food was very reasonable. Only draw back is that it was pack that night and some of our party couldn't sit with us. Other than that we all enjoyed it!Asuka is easily New Orleans' best kept sushi secret.  All of the rolls are on. freaking. point.  One thing I can't stand about a lot of sushi joints in New Orleans is the lack of authenticity.  I totally get that we live in a city where po-boys are the end-all, be-all... but that doesn't need to translate into nearly all the specialty rolls available at a sushi spot (fried shrimp, fried oyster, etc.).  It's creative, but it's not sushi.  
Asuka, on the other hand, has a diverse array sushi rolls to choose from, even if fried rolls are your thing.  My personal favorites are Queen of the Sea, Tuna & Tuna, and Dynamite.  Though honorable mention goes to Aloha (that mango, though...) and El Diablo.  I can't say for certain since I haven't tried them all, but I'd be willing to bet that you'd be happy with any roll.  Good seaweed salad and miso, too.
The service is super friendly and quick.  I love how fresh the fish always is.  I've certainly never had a bad experience with Asuka.  Try it if you're in a sushi slump; you will NOT regret it!Really great sushi! Fresh and exactly what we wanted. Wait staff very friendly as well.This sushi restaurant is a good value for its price. It's cheap, like 3 dollars for a basic roll and decent quality. If you're looking for decent sushi on a budget, this place is it. The seaweed salad is also a great price for the size. If it's happy hour time, I'd recommend sake cafe over this place.Sketchy location, great food. It was raining so it smelled a little like dirty dishes but the food made up for it. Deff recommend.I have to say that this isn't the best sushi place in the city, but its better than anything in it's price range. I have loved this place for a while and only recently started going there for lunch. Today I had the sushi lunch. 6 pieces of sushi, a cali roll, a salad, miso soup, and water for $10.85 including tax. It was amazing! The sushi was huge and the portion was great! Honestly the sushi was far better than the roll. My favorite was the salmon. It melted in my mouth and was a delight to eat!
Asuka has some of the best sushi for this price point anywhere! If I have a hot date I could take her to one of the impersonal sushi places that require a suit and tie, or I can bring her to Asuka. A place that has great atmosphere, a family that runs it, and delicious sushi without breaking my wallet.I've dined in at Asuka twice now and enjoyed myself thoroughly both times. It's a small joint but the staff is extremely friendly and your food comes out quick and well prepared. Prices are reasonable and the menu variety is comparable to nearby restaurants Hana or Mikimoto. On my last lunchtime visit I had the snow crab salad special, which was a generous portion of crab topped elegantly with avocado and roe. It's a great deal at three dollars. 
The lunch roll special gets you two rolls of your choosing, soup and salad. The miso is savory and salty like it should be and the salad was one of the best I've had in a Japanese restaurant- the dressing was creamy and tangy, whereas Mikimoto's is thin and bitter. 
I've previously had the Chicken Teriyaki and the Hibachi Beef as takeout and the takeout experience was flawless. The proteins are executed well but it was the hibachi rice that stands out in my memory- that savory, crispy mass of carbs is something special. We fed three people that night for less than 30 dollars, which for the neighborhood is better than you'll do at Five Happiness, Mikimoto or Cafe Nino. 
Give these guys a shot- everyone in the neighborhood would like to see more development along Earhart, but it won't happen unless we support the people who take the risk of opening up in an unconventional location.The food was okay, but the prices were high for the portions. The service was fine, but the atmosphere was definitely lacking warmth or excitement.Best hole in the wall sushi place around!!! I hate trying new sushi places unless I've heard excellent reviews. This sushi restaurant is located close to my boyfriend's house so I decided to give it a chance. I'm so glad I did, I got a miso soup and dragon roll. Both were awesome! Sushi prices are excellent! Def cannot beat! Food was ready in about 15 minutes! We will be back.This place was a hidden gem! The inside was pretty cool and I'm weird but I really liked the bowls they used for the soup and the salads. 
The food was so good!! And very reasonably priced. We got 7 rolls of sushi for about $60! I think that's pretty awesome. My favorite roll was definitely the Aloha. The sauce is so delicious with it and their fish is super fresh. 
The seating inside is pretty small and limited, and the parking is scarce but it's totally worth it. And I found it pretty sweet that they offered delivery!
I would definitely recommend this place this anyone, and plan on going back someday!My first time here. Nice vibe inside, and the food was delicious, however...
It's rare that I post anything negative as I'm easy to please but it took quite a while to get the food on the table. A little over 30 minutes for me and I'm pretty sure the waitress forgot to place my girlfriends order as that took about 45 minutes only after asking about it shortly after I got mine. I understand things happen but honesty, apologies, and coupons will make me happy in any circumstance. None of that happened. Other than the lengthy wait and no alcohol to pass the time I would've given them 4 stars instead of 3. Good luck.This place is great for sushi fans and non-fans alike! My boyfriend and I stopped in to try the lunch specials, which are very reasonably priced. He ordered one of the sushi lunch specials and was very pleased with the quantity, quality, and variety of the sushi that he received. Since sushi is not my thing, I ordered the hibachi steak, and WOW, it was delicious. The steak was tender and flavorful, the vegetables were cooked just right, and the hibachi rice was perfection. All in all, an absolutely delicious meal for a very reasonable price.this place is the best ! i have spent an absurd amount of money here because it is so delicious. the dinner 5 cooked roll is such a good deal, and i love their avocado popper. thanks, asuka!!!!I ate here for the first one on Friday- and it did not disappoint!! First of al, the service was wonderful. Our waiter was attentive, quirky and engaging. My husband and I split a crunchy till to start. And then we each got a steak and chicken hibachi plate for our meal- which comes with rice, vegetables, soup and salad. The roll was delicious, as was the salad (divine dressing!), rice, vegetables and meat. The only thing I didn't care for was the soup, but my husband really liked it. Overall, it was a great experience and we can't wait to return!!I've been meaning to write a review for Asuka for a while now. This is the kind of place that you want to be successful- great service, friendly staff, delicious food and reasonable prices. It's hard to find good hibachi in the area, and Asuka does it well! Sushi is great too. Take out is speedy and online ordering is also efficient. We'll be back again soon!This place is a hole in the wall but very good! We ordered the Louisiana Roll, the Asuka Roll, California Roll (not just because I'm from there but because that's all my son will eat), the Tiger Eye and the Steak and Chicken Hibachi. Everything was great! The rice on the Hibachi was so good! My favorite sushi place to go to is Rock n Sake but we decided to try this because it's cheaper and gets good reviews on Yelp and I have to say, I'm glad we tried this place. The only downfall is the lack of sushi chefs so it takes awhile for you to get your food. But they were very nice and the food was great! The Vanilla Mochi was awesome, the mango was okay. I usually get strawberry but they did not have it. I would eat here again and it's a plus because it's close by.BLUF:  Best sushi in Mid-City (not many options...but still).  Very friendly service in a small cute little restaurant.  Good menu options with helpful pictures.  
Yesterday was my birthday.  We felt like sushi but were tired of Tokyo (nothing wrong with Tokyo).  Asuka is in a weird location but glad we went.  Just a few tables so we were surprised we didnt have to wait.  One waitress but she was super nice.  Cheap $4 glasses of wine.  
We got 4 rolls between the two of us and it was the perfect amount.  I have no clue what we ordered but they were all amazing.  We got 2 that didnt have rice and they were great.  All of them had substantial amount of fish in them as well which was nice.  Prices were fine.  
Really a great place and we'll be back the next time we want sushi in our neighbhorhood.Well worth the trip for Sushi in a town that lacks on awesome Asian food. Spicy Cajun Salad was great and Escolar (white tuna) that melts in your mouth. We will be back!!!Interesting menu.  Delicious light options.   Loved the Pesce Maguro - tuna sashimi wasabi yuzu sauce and truffle oil.   Beautiful Hamachi and perfect rice paper rollBest sushi in the city. Very friendly staff. The rolls always taste fresh. I never tire of the N.O. roll. Try the Tulane roll as well. Haven't been disappointed yet.This was probably the grossest Japanese I've ever had. Got it take out and the rice tasted fishy. Don't recommendLove this place!
Sashimi is great. You get a lot and it is always fresh.
Reasonably priced wine and we love Nick, our waiter!
We tend to stick to our favorites: crab salad and nemo roll which are the best.Finally something good in the hood!   This place rivals my favorite sushi places in quality and creativity. It's a little small but the service and food and prices are great. You'd be foolish not to give it a try. Five stars when they get booze.
So they got their liquor license.  Good prices.  This is a great little place.  Check them out.By far the best Sushi and Japanese meal we have had in NOLA! We have been missing good Japanese and this is similar to what we eat in Houston and San Francisco but with a New Orleans twist. Nick, the waiter, is also great. The New Orleans roll was perfectly balanced in flavors with the crawfish, snow crab, and salmon each shining through. The peppered tuna was excellent along with the Golden Salmon. The hibachi chicken had loads of flavor. This was a hit for the whole family. The dining room is small and the outside appearance is not much but the food, wow!Don't be intimidated by the location. I was for about a year. But I finally tried it, and they've done a very good job of making you forget you're on Earhart. The lighting and ambiance are calming, and I would have given more stars if they'd change the pop music. The food is good and cheap.Should be 4 1/2 stars. Best sushi I've had since Tojo's in Vancouver in 2002 (still my reference point for sushi) Quality outstanding. Fresh fish,rice perfect. Staff friendly and attentive.Everything you could ask for.Best sushi around...excellent food excellent service...they definitely made my day better especially since my flight was cancelled.Best freshest sushi. Plus online ordering and fast delivery makes it unbeatable for the uptown area... Will definitely be ordering again!The sushi here is great. I have had several rolls from here and have not been disappointed in the least. If you are in the area I would definitely swing by particularly for the lunch specials they are all under $10 and you get a soup, salad, and good portioned entree. I've also had the baked salmon appetizer and it was delicious. I will be returning for more :)Excellent service and tremendous Sushi. All of our waiters suggestions were spot on. They are now our favorites. Start with the avocado popper, finish with an Aloha roll.2.75/5 - it was ok.
(i'm 99% i had written a review for this, but it seems to not be here, so here we go)
on location - not an easy sell for me. it's in this awkward location with very little space, so if there are already a few customers you'll have to find some other vehicle arrangement. on food - i like how you can walk right up to the case and see what looks fresh, so that's a step to take when ordering sushi. i simply have challenges (and have not been to a place that has proven) to find the quality of fish here in nola. on the food - it's okay. i was a little disappointed in the hibachi rice that i had, which sounded so appealing. it was literally rice and chicken and onions and garlic. nothing else! it came with some salad and miso which made the price more tolerable, but the actual entree was so underwhelming. if it strikes my fancy i'd be back, but not planning on it anytime soon.I ordered delivery from here 2 or 3 times with no problems and figured it was safe to continue doing so. Apparently not. I got pretty intense food poisoning from the sushi and was so sick I could barely move for several days. It's sushi, and I'm sure that happens (this was my first bout of food poisoning after about a decade of sushi eating, however), but I'm not sure this place would ever be my first choice again.Asuka! The food is fresh (super key with sushi), they deliver, and their service is extra friendly. We have ordered a variety of things off of their menu and everything has been delicious. We especially like their creative rolls, including LSU and rock n roll. One of the sauces for those is a sweet bbq type that I like better than my boyfriend does, but we can both agree that the rolls here are very creative and yummy overall. The appetizers are also good, especially the pot stickers which have a spicy-ish sauce and the crab rangoon style roll-ups. Also, the prices are fab. Go for it, best sushi in NOLA y'all.Favorite sushi place in New Orleans and surrounding areas! Their sushi is always fresh and very tasty when I visit. I loveeeee their regular crawfish roll with the renown Louisiana roll following close behind. I only get the LA roll sparingly because it is VERY rich, which reflects Louisiana perfectly. I recently tried the Shaggy Dog, which was light and delicious. The crab salad is soooo delicious, as well as, their clear soup. Their stuffed jalapeños, another treat, are like jalapeño sushi. It's filled with crab goodness. Staff is very friendly & attentive. The parking could be a problem, but it's manageable most days.I've lived in New Orleans all my life and have passed this place thousands of times. I was always afraid to dine in because of the hole in the wall feel. Man have I been missing out! Nick was our waiter and he made us feel right at home. He was easy to talk to and made great recommendations. It's a must try for anyone that wants a great experience with top notch hibachi and exotic sushi. Plus, their miso soup is one of the best! We got the aloha roll, rice paper roll and sumo roll, along with hibachi shrimp. If you're a sushi lover like my wife and I, this is where it's at!!Most likely, this is the best sushi in the city!
Very good quality fish. Lots of creative small plates and apps. I have yet to order a roll I didn't like there in the 5 times that I've been. The hibachi vegetables are great too, and I'm not a huge vegetable eater either!
I highly recommend the salmon belly, I literally crave it sometimes.
Pretty reasonably priced spot too.Spicy tuna and salmon avocado. I would say it was fine-not great but not bad. Didn't have that great fresh taste and the spicy tuna was slightly subpar. Prices were good- you get what you pay forHands down the best sushi in New Orleans!!!
Warning: be prepared to wait for the best sushi you have ever had in town. 
Aside from the slow pace here, the food will tickle your palate. Try any of the pesce from the sushi bar. The fish will melt in your mouth. Try any of the salads. They are delightful. You can't go wrong with any of the rolls -- even the fried ones -- because they all taste so fresh. They also use real wasabi. Most sushi places do not. 
It's also a bonus if you get Johnny as your waiter. He is awesome and gives great recommendations -- some that aren't even on the menu. 
So what they don't serve alcohol?! It's BYO-friggin-B! So take a go-cup from the little bar next door or bring your own bottle of wine, and drink for CHEAP!
Just remember: it's going to be hard to eat sushi anywhere else in New Orleans after you come here because it just won't compare.Absolutely Wonderful! Very authentic. Amazing quality, quantity, and presentation. Great eats! Cute little cafe style atmosphere. We will be back :)Alhoha Sushi is very tasty！I like mango and mango sauce on the top. Like Summer！And baked salmon is also delicious.Very yummy sushi!
Asuka replaced Mikimoto as our go to weekly sushi spot. Their sushi and rolls are always fresh, well made, and flavorful. They are quick, easy, and reasonably priced. While the restaurant is not in the best location, the interior is clean and modern. Overall, Asuka is a great new addition to the New Orleans Sushi scene. I hope they stick around!Best sushi in New Orleans. LOVE this place for dining in and take out as well!! Service is great... small hole in the wall but everything I've ever tried was delicious!!While the food at Asuka is alright, the service leaves much to be desired. Nicholas, a waiter often serving dinner, is awkward and condescending. I ordered fried rice to go along with my sushi expecting them to come at the same time. My sushi came and then 20 minutes went by without the rice. I approached the waiter and said that it was a little ridiculous that my rice still hasn't been brought over. He then proceeded to mock me and repeat what I said in a condescending voice in front of another table and they laughed along. It was beyond rude and inappropriate. This man should not be in the food service industry and Asuka has lost a loyal customer. Nicholas should be fired immediately.you have got to try this place, i promise you will not regret it! you get such great quality  and freshness with out paying an arm and a leg. the staff is friendly and eager to please. the sushi is beautifully presented and you can definitely
 tell its made with love! if you enjoy mango i encourage you to try the aloha roll, JUST AMAZING!  this hidden gem is definitely top notch! 5-stars!I personally think Asuka is the best sushi in the Greater New Orleans Area. The fish is so fresh and the specialty rolls are creative to incorporate great Louisiana creole flavors. Although it looks sketchy from the outside, it is a cute little sushi spot. Highly recommended!Really enjoyed ordering from Asuka for lunch. 
I had the stuffed jalapeños and spicy tuna roll, both of which were very delicious and fresh! My staff at the hospital recommended this place and they couldn't have been more on point! Prices are reasonable as well, especially for how good it tastes!Don't judge this place from the outside. It is very smll inside maybe 10 tables. We got there and waited for a table and we were glad we did. We ordered a variety of sushi, sashimi, noodles, and mochi. It was so delicious and fresh. The staff was friendly and service was good. I would definitely recommend this place.Best sushi in New Orleans. Everything is so fresh and made to perfection. Hibachi is also absolutely delicious. Do not let the building fool you, it's amazing!Best suhi in NOLA (that I've found thus far)...but that isn't saying much.
I think I have just been spoiled living elsewhere. 
Bland fish, too soft of rice, but overall OK. 
I'd go again but only because I can't find anything better...I have lived in New Orleans for over 11 years, and have gone to the same sushi restaurants over and over again - Mikimoto and Ninja. After growing tired of the same old menu and mediocre rolls I decided to go out of my comfort zone and try something new. Asuka does not look like anything special. In fact, when it was first built I remember thinking I would never go there based on location/appearance. WOW! I was SO wrong! Tonight we decided to grab dinner and ordered the following rolls:
Tuna & Tuna Roll
LSU Roll
Tiger Roll
Louisiana Roll
Our favorite roll was the LSU roll - so delicious!
Second to that was the Louisiana roll - this one is fried.
My least favorite roll was the tuna roll, but that had little to do with the quality and more to do with me loving salmon and shrimp more than tuna. YOU MUST try this place if you haven't already been here. 
But let's go beyond the rolls here - the cucumber salads were delicious and simple, although pricey ($4.50 each) but still delicious.
Most of all our waiter was VERY kind - his name is Nick - he was so helpful, patient, and really genuine. He is what took this review from 4 stars to 5. We appreciated him!
If you haven't been to Asuka you need to check it out! It is our city's best kept sushi secret-- for now, at least :)Just ordered delivery!! We had chicken hibachi (with salad and miso soup), crunchy shrimp roll, dumplings. It was all delicious!! The sushi and dumplings were the best!!! We have not eaten in the restaurant but definitely plan on trying it out because it is so close. The guy who delivered was very polite and grateful for the business. This is a great addition to the Carrollton/Earheart area.LOVE this place!  The Salmon Sashimi is the best in town!  Super fresh and like silk.  Check it out!Excellent hibachi, sushi and prices. As well as exceptional service! I will definitely be returning. Everything tasted so fresh.Awesome place for date. This small but cozy place is my favourite sushi restaurant in the whole state.
Reasonable price with excellent quality. 
Sushi has always been my favourite food my entire life but this restaurant just give me the reason why i love sushi that much.
Always find a reason to celebrate and this is gonna be the place for such an occasion. I bring my boyfriend, my family, i celebrate my birthday party here, i come here just for sushi.
Absolutely the first choice if i ever wonder what do i want to treat me today
My favourite plate is Aloha roll with chef special sauce. I just fell in love right away when i taste the sauce. 
MUST TRY !!!!!Best Sushi in Nola proper. High quality fresh fish. Good service. Also delivers, but I opt for cooked food instead of sushi for delivery for obvious reasons. I love hole in the wall joints and this is a top notch one, no frills just good eats. Habachi isn't cooked at the table so don't come lol king for a show, sushi presentation is decent but it's the quality and price that keeps me coming back. Try off menu items like the hamachi Kama for a treat and don't forget to order fresh wasabi for your sushi(once you've had the ground root you can forget about that horseradish stuff).Wow!!! AMAZING!! The Aloha roll is a MUST! The house made mango kiwi sauce that comes with it makes a delicious roll even better! We also had the El Diablo which was perfectly fresh with a great kick to it and the Asuka roll was also great. I can't wait to come back and try some other rolls. The Aloha will be a must every time we come though. The service was great and the server was quite fun to talk to. This may be my new favorite sushi place, and I can eat sushi every day of my life!This has turned into my regular sushi place, at the expense of basically every other sushi place in town.  The quality of the fish is better than the other sushi places, the prices are great, and the service is great.  I've been here now about a dozen times and everything I've ordered I've been happy with, from the simple sushi lunch special to the house special rolls to the hibachi steak, which my wife and I chowed down on earlier tonight.  
P.S. My coworkers are also completely obsessed with the baked salmon appetizer.Best sushi in town, hands down. It's my new favorite. Our server Johnny gave us the 5-star treatment.  The sashimi is incredible.  I don't normally get salmon, but we had their tricolor sashimi, and that salmon was the best and freshest I've ever had, along with the tuna and yellowtail.  The tempura is fried perfectly, and the tuna&tuna roll is fantastic.  You'll love this place, dining in or delivery.I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this place. I live about 5 minutes away and would always pass this place up because I was kind of skeptical about it, but after my sister and my nephew came home talking about how good it is I had to try it. I was so HAPPY I did OMG the food is always fresh and delicious. I've tried just 10 of the special rolls so far and I ALWAYS let Nicholas (the server) pick my rolls for me. I just let him know what I feel like eating and he tells me what I should get. He's always on point when it comes down to what to get to help with those tastebuds. I am ECSTATIC that I decided to give this little quirky hidden gem a try. It's just perfect!!!! And NICHOLAS IS AWESOME!!!!I've been curious about this place for a while and went for lunch today. It was crowded but we were able to sit right away. The table had a napkin on it. The server wiped the table off and left the napkin. I have no idea if it was clean or dirty. Then he gave us our menus and noticed something on the floor under the table. He picked up a pair of unopened chopsticks still in their wrapper and sat them on the table for us to use. My boyfriend said he had felt them under his feet. We were horrified! We stayed anyway and ordered. I made sure to put the napkin and chopstick on the seat next to me so that he was forced to bring us all new ones.  The only thing that was great was the salad dressing, not your typical orange stuff. We ordered the Pesce Shiro Maguro: Thin Sliced Escolar with ginger ponzu sauce and Kaiware. It was slightly warm and flavorless. We also had the sushi lunch special: 6 pieces of sushi and a california roll. This was flavorless too! The server brought our bill over and asked how it was. I did not mention the food. Instead I told him that he should not have put the chopsticks from the floor on the table. He said they were still in the wrapper so it was fine. I told him it was a health violation, gross, but also that some people like myself use the wrapper as a chopstick rest. I told him I did not do it this time since he picked them up off the floor. Essentially he said sorry but it was obvious to both of us that he really did not care either way. DO NOT EAT HERE EVER! I should file a complaint with the health department!I have been here a number of times. 
Unfortunately, they close at 9pm. Due to my work schedule I am almost always placing an order near closing time. However, I have always received nothing but a nice reception and exceptional food at a great price. 
I will continue to patronize this location and you should too!While I absolutely think the food is great, my experience as of five minutes ago was not. I have been a customer of asuka ever since their opening which was not too long ago. I was a regular, brought my friends there, told other people to try it, couldn't get enough...the staff there even knew me. Unfortunately, they seem to still be learning how to manage their business. I have not only picked up numerous times, but ordered delivery a bunch as well. While they claim to hold a minimum of $20.00 on delivery, that NEVER seemed to be the case, considering my order always comes out to around $14.25 and they still delivered each time. A few minutes ago, I placed an order that was less than $3.00 away from the minimum, $3.00!And they all of a sudden decided to enforce that rule and asked me if I'd like to order something else. I was actually really surprised. The amount of times I order, they know the customer that I am. If it was because of the driver and having him drive for a small order, (not that I live so far away), I certainly would have made up the difference in his tip. It's a shame this had to happen, especially because of how often I eat there. I guess I'll have to try elsewhere.My favorite sushi in New Orleans. The parking is weird (half the time I can't tell if I'm even in a spot, but I just go with it) and the location isn't ideal (I kind of love the Daiquiri Island sign outside, honestly) but the food is excellent. Some people have remarked that it has "hibachi" in the name but doesn't have the chefs out front putting on a show. This is true. so if that's what you're looking for this isn't it, but I've only ever come for sushi, so I never even noticed. There's a wonderful variety of house special rolls. I'm partial to the Tiger roll, though the Aloha roll that everyone seems to love was a bit too sweet for my taste. The regular rolls are smaller, of course, but very reasonably priced and very fresh. I also appreciate that they don't close in the afternoon, so I can come for a late lunch when it's 4pm and I haven't eaten.In one word....WOW!! The avocado popper was amazing and The Louisiana roll was delish!! We came back the next day but it was closed (Sunday) BUT...will come back the next tim we visit NoLAThis is one of my go-to sushi spots. Real down to earth place. Food, service, and price is excellent! I always get the golden salmon, pesce maguro, fried avocado app, and whatever roll I'm feeling. Their rolls are well-balanced so you really taste each ingredient and not more of one than the others. Some places just put way too much snow crab in their rolls.First and foremost, this place delivers. Not only do they deliver, but you can place your order right from the Yelp! app! Could this be the first step towards New Orleans adopting a 'Seamless'?? (Google it) i certainly hope so! However i know whenever that day comes, 88% of my social life will go right out the window.
But about the food.
I wisely choose the hibachi steak with hibachi rice and vegetables, the rock n roll (tempura shrimp, snow crab, avocado, top with massago and eel sauce) which was also accompanied by a miso soup and a small side salad. The serving of the plate was two meals in one for sure, veggies were delicious and steak nice and flavorful. I could definitely see myself going for that one again. The sushi tasted so fresh, it was entirely delectable. 
I'll have to stop in one day for sure at least to say hi and see the faces behind that bag of excellence that showed up at my door. 
Thanks again!Just moved from Cali missing great sushi. This place is amazing not missing Cali sushi anymore. Go here even if you just like sushi you may leave loving it!!!!!!Awesome little sushi restruant! Service is great. All of the waiters and waitresses are very nice. The sushi is the best I've had in the New Orleans area.Based on the quality of the food alone, this little diamond in the tough was a pleasant surprise. The fish is so fresh every time, and the rolls are a nice size without too much rice. The service is very friendly, although slow at times. However, every time I have visited Asuka, I have dealt with the pace of service, because the food is made with care from only one sushi chef in the whole restaurant. The sashimi is amazing. Pesce maguro is my fav!Great place.  Really tremendous fish.  And I'm from LA with the expected high standards.  Highly recommended.Very awesome. Very Japanese use of ingredients but very American with nice big pieces of fish. Lots of different creative rolls too.This is my new favorite sushi spot. The Golden Salmon and Pesce Hamachi are delicious. All the sushi I've had is good too. Habachi menu items are also great and made fresh to order. I really hope this place sticks around!My wife and I went for my birthday after reading all the reviews. Many of these reviews were for rolls, so I assume they dont eat a lot of sushi. It was hot, the AC was either not on or hardly working at all, most of my sushi was warm from the heat (which gave me and my wife the runs all night thank you very much Asuka), the rice would fall apart as soon as you lifted the sushi 50%  of the time, and while our waiter was nice, he was the only one in a packed dining room on a Friday evening so service was slow. We ended up with a $145 tab (including tip) for a dinner we thought was a step up from $45 worth of grocery store sushi. I can even say some of Rouses sushi was better (and colder). 
I rate my Sushi by how many "oh my God" moments I have as I eat. At a great place I can have several but here there were none and that was discouraging to me. All our sushi was just ok. The Miso, which is a favorite of both myself and my wife was powdery and luke warm. My wife did not even finish hers which has never happened before. 
Maybe its just the quality of sushi restaurants in NOLA to compare to. So many other cities have so many amazing places. Wasabi in the Marigny used to be amazing but now days its gone down hill in quality and service. Hana's on the Riverbend in Uptown, while not the most "oh my God" amazing place, seems to be most consistently good place Ive had in town. Ive been going there for almost 20 years and will keep going to new places but ending up back at Hana's again when I dont want disappointment. 
Sorry Asuka, I dont like leaving reviews like this but it was expensive, it was hot and we traded off running to the bathroom the rest of the night. not a great first impression.I came here for lunch based on the high reviews and I was NOT disappointed. Nick, my server, was an incredibly genuine and nice guy.  And the food......the food was INCREDIBLE!  I had the Tiger Eye (smoked salmon, jalapeño and cream cheese) and the Louisiana Roll (love, amazingness, baby laughs, cream cheese and then lightly fried). It was one of, if not THE, best roll I've ever eaten.  Do yourself and your dreams a favor- COME HERE!Like other reviewers, we found this restaurant on Yelp, and we were so glad we did!
After ten days of eating at restaurants in New Orleans (most of which don't seem to know about vegetables, generally speaking), my travel companions and I were craving something lighter for dinner and decided Japanese would hit the spot. We went to Asuka, and between the three of us, we ordered one roll and two teriyaki dinners. Everything was very fresh and served in huge portions; two rolls would have easily been enough for one person. My fiancee kept remarking about how the chicken "tastes like actual chicken!" - so many restaurants serve bland or low quality meat that it was surprising to us to have good quality, tasty chicken and seafood. Yum! 
Service was very attentive, and it was the least expensive meal of our trip. It is a little lacking in atmosphere, but it seems like they primarily do takeout, the food definitely makes up for the atmosphere, and maybe they're just hitting their groove and will decorate more soon.Seriously this place is sketchy on the outside but awesome inside. Great sushi and great service. It's not a big fancy corporate owned chain place which makes it pretty cool. The sushi is seriously good. Louisiana Roll was my favorite. Johnny is the man. Talk to him about California.By far one of my favorite places to grab sushi/hibachi in the city. Super inexpensive. Kind of a hole in the wall-- not a place you'd necessarily go unless you know about it. But honestly, I go here 2-3 times a week and it never gets old. It's pretty hard to find a place that has sushi AND hibachi that doesn't cost a fortune per person.. 
Anyways, I always get the same thing: crunchy roll + miso and my boyfriend gets hibachi steak & shrimp (which comes with fried rice, hibachi veggies, and miso).. The grand total generally comes out to be about $25. **if it's during their lunch special (which lasts until 4:00 on weekdays, it's about $19)... ENOUGH SAID.
I honestly have nothing bad to say about this place, they never ever disappoint. I highly recommend it!!*3.5 Stars*
I ordered take out from this place because they offer it and it was literally so packed there was not a single seat available. Anyway, This place is only 2.5 miles away (i.e. 5-7 minutes or less) so I decided taking the sushi home would not be too bad. It took a bit longer than I expected and I was sort of awkwardly standing there waiting for my sushi for what seemed like awhile. 
Now, I previously gave this place 5 stars, but I am deducting 1.5 because the service was not that great for me this time and I was not all that excited about the sushi. It was not bad it was just not quite on point. I ordered the tuna and tuna roll and the Metairie roll. Both were much messier looking than I expected, like they were made in in a hurry and tossed in the box. 
Consistency is important for me and there is some inconstancy going on here. That being said, there are a lot of other rolls I have not had yet. Also the sashimi is cut thick which is nice and the seafood always tastes fresh. 
I will definitely give them another shot, maybe this was just a weird occurrence, it happens. 
I still believe this place has the potential to be near or at the head of the pack for sushi but  needs to work on consistency and efficiency.Great fried sushi rolls at fair price. Rolls are on the small side but flavorful and well plated. 
Our server was very courteous also.
Would definitely recommend this place for an informal occasion.I picked this restaurant because it delivered to my house and I was very pleased! Wasn't the best hibachi I've had but it was decent and my sushi rolls were very good! Very convenient and they deliver to places many other restaurants wont such as my neighborhood! I recommend themAs the other reviews have pointed out - this place is awesome!!!  I was reluctant to try it since Mikimoto is always my favorite go to sushi place, but my roommate convinced me to try it - SO GLAD SHE DID!!! The sushi is actually really fresh despite the restaurant's lackluster exterior curb appeal, and it is BYOB!!!!  Which is a plus when you're trying to have sushi and wine for less than $50!!!  Definitely a must!Probably the best sushi in New Orleans. The outside is literally a nightmare but it is clean on the inside, the service is great And friendly, the fish is fresh, and the prices are good. The rolls are amazing - the nemo roll is one of the best I've ever had. Definitely ignore the way it looks on the outside and treat yourself to a great meal.I am just love this place. 
The sushi and cucumber salad are great with a good price.
The place is very clean and the service is superb.
I will be there again for sure!!!Delicious food and punny service. 
The tuna and tuna roll and the tiger roll were fresh and flavorful. 
The hibachi noodles were their spin on lo mein and my boyfriend enjoyed it tremendously [p.s. asking for it spicy means a dose of sriracha added to the dish.] 
The seaweed salad had a slightly sweet sauce and the miso soup was standard.
Overall a great experience and I can't wait to come back.I was a little skeptical about the location of Asuka, but after reading previous Yelp reviews, I still had high expectations about the food. Earhart is a busy highway type street, so it isn't in a quaint area, but I think that made it better, as it was less crowded. Asuka is very small inside, but it is quiet and comfortable, and there are booths! Always a plus. 
The sushi was ON POINT. My friend and I ordered a seaweed salad, cucumber salad, tiger roll, and aloha roll. The seaweed salad was a little bit small, but that can be typical. The cucumber salad was super simple and refreshing - it was cucumbers spiralized (so in noodle-shaped strips), which was a nice unique change. 
The rolls were absolutely delicious; decent sized for the price, good fish to rice ratio, and incredibly fresh fish. I was super impressed. The sushi bar is small with one or two guys only, so if it got busy, the service might get slow. But we were lucky. I would totally go back in heartbeat, and this may be one of my new favorite sushi spots in the city.This hidden gem always comes through with delicious, simple, fresh sushi. Highly recommend it!This place is a hidden gem. It is easy to miss as you speed down Earhart. But if you see it and stop in for sushi you will be glad. We are a fan of Louisiana Roll and Shaggy Dog Roll. They also have Hibachi and you can get a side of Noodles or Rice.My visit was in the evening around 8. My first reaction was that the parking lot was kind of every man for himself but I found a spot. When I walked in I was greeted by a very enthusiastic young guy who was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu which was good. 
As I am writing this some middle aged ladies are hardcore hitting on this guy and it is funny. The guy is really nice and is chatting everyone up.
The place is very small with relatively basic decor, not bad. It is very dark though.
I ordered the pepper tuna and the tuna & tuna roll. The pepper tuna came first. It was extremely delicious and tasted very fresh. The presentation was outstanding. 
Next, when the tuna & tuna roll came I found the presentation to be on point and the taste + texture was amazing. When it comes to sushi I am a tuna freak. I loved this roll 1) because it was huge and 2) because it had two types of tuna, spicy and regular. At this point my server was calling me 'tuna man' on account of my tuna heavy choices. Touche sir...
Everything was a really good but the restaurant was really dark and I kept trying to take pictures of my food because the presentation was awesome but I could not get an even half decent picture. I did get one mediocre picture of the pepper tuna. It must just be like that in the evenings.
On the way home I was just thinking, damn that sushi was on point and it left me feeling very satisfied, I really enjoyed the food and the experience. 
In any case, the prices were good and the quality was excellent. I will definitely be back but I might bring a lantern.Today was my second time ordering from Asuka. The delivery took quite some time, but arrived at the estimated delivery time. The fish was very fresh and plentiful in the rolls, but everything had too much sauce and too much mayo. I prefer Mikimoto for delivery.The seafood was very fresh, but the rice was very sticky.  The spicy edamame left much to be desired.  It's fine, but nothing I would go out of my way for.I always have an enjoyable time here. The staff is knowledgable, friendly, and patient with foodies probing the menu. If you're in a hurry they can have a box ready for you in under 10 minutes if you order in house. Definitely a good choice for a variety of sushi lovers, the menu includes traditional rolls and Louisiana specialties including lightly and deeply fried rolls ( the Asuka roll is amazing), this place is one of my favorites in the area.Great food and more personality than any other sushi joint in NOLA!  You wouldn't know it from the outside but this is a great addition to New Orleans' sushi!
El Diablo and the stuffed jalapenos provided a nice heat and the yellowtail sushi and New Orleans roll were great.
Definitely will be back!My go-to sushi place in my neighborhood is, like others know, a hidden gem! 
Offering both take out and dine in options, Asuka is casual, and fresh. This is the most fresh sushi that I've had in the city so far, and not only is it high quality but fairly priced! 
I love the specialty roles! Primarily the Tuna and Tuna roll. The hand rolls are traditional, and nothing out of the ordinary. The seating area is limited, so it's not great for big groups. 
They also have delivery as an option and you can order online! I'm all about the convenience here! 
I always order a side of their hibachi veggies too because they are on point. Don't let the location or the outside appearance fool you--Asuka should not be missed.This place was a pleasant surprise. Wait staff was very attentive. The stuffed jalapenos were amazing! Crabmeat, stuffed inside a fresh jalapeno and tempura fried. Simple and lovely. The rice paper roll rocked. Small selection but that's good because that meant it was all fresh and tasty. This is New Orleans, which is not the best place find Japanese,  but we will definitely be coming back here.Delicious food, great service, and unbeatable prices. This is easily the best sushi I have eaten in New Orleans. The first time I went, we ordered a sashimi sampler, aloha roll, Asuka roll, and a crazy roll. Everything was tasty but the aloha and Asuka rolls were out of this world. I've been back several times since then and everything has been great. Asuka is a must go for NOLA sushi loversSmall and cozy place, not fancy. But, one of the good sushi I ever had. I was with a friend and we tried 5 different rolls. All of them were delicious!Came here today for the first time and thought the sushi was super fresh and rolls were very well thought out. I did think my smaller roll (tuna) was kind of little in actual size but the aloha roll was great. Most places don't give raw fish with their roll with mango and I've always had to add it on. Will be back to try more!This place is great! Cheap, and better than Mikumoto and other nearby sushi joints. Sushi is fresh and very tasty, and the dumplings are delicious! Staff is friendly, we came near closing and they seated us and gave us attentive but not overbearing service. Have ordered takeout several times since.Best sushi in New Orleans by a long shot. Friendly staff, small but accommodates appropriately. Best sushi experience this far. Visit immediately!!Awkward location and weird parking aside, this place is fan-freaking-tastic. They have a huge selection of "special" rolls, some of which are nice and small. They offer a dinner special in the vein of a "prixe-fixe," which includes soup, salad, special roll, AND dessert for $14.95. You get your choice of interesting salads, a good selection of rolls, and mochi or cheesecake for dessert. This is the best price ever--most places charge that just for the special roll (their big special rolls are the cheapest around, at $12.95 without the deal). And the rolls are huge, with a good proportion of fish-to-rice to boot. We had the Chef's Salad, which was delicious, the Nemo Roll, and the El Diablo roll, both of which were amazing. Their miso soup is also exceptional, and though the hibachi rice wasn't the same as we expected, it was nonetheless very good. Another unexpected bonus is the addition of photos on the menu, showing what kind of roll you can expect. I think we found our new sushi place. The only other con besides the location is the hours--the first time we tried to go here, we showed up at 8:30 and they were already cleaning up and closed (they close at 9).Don't let the location turn you off. Sushi is very well prepared and the fish is fresh and delicious. The special rolls are more reasonably priced than nearby competitors and the quality is excellent!So yummy! I was blown away by how amazing this place was! Everything was so reasonably priced too. I came in with a group of 8 ladies and they were able to seat us right away. They do not take reservations--we had tried calling during the week and even stopped by (because they did not answer their phone). However, don't let this stop you from coming. It's so worth it!
I would highly recommend the Rice Paper Roll and the Avocado Poppers.This is by far the best sushi in the city. I have tried many different restaurants but continue to return to Asuka time after time. The Aloha roll and Nemo roll are my favorites, but if you like some heat to your sushi rolls El Diablo and Tiger Eye are dynamite. They also have a great lunch special.Great sushi, great prices. Our favorite little sushi place. Workers are attentive and helpful with order suggestions.While I've eaten at the location, lately I've getting delivery. The one time they missed an item in the order, they brought it straight away. 
Rolls and sushi are great quality. I'm not the most adventurous so dragon and crunchy rolls make me happy. 
The online ordering is easy. The delivery always arrives much earlier than promised. 
Glad to have them in the neighborhood.SO GOOD!
We live in the delivery range for Asuka, but every time the boyfriend and I have had a hankering for sushi, its either been 10 minutes before they close or on a Sunday when they're not open.  Today, we finally got to order from them!  
The price is right and the fish is fresh!  Gone are the days of sushi rolls that taste old and left out, or bizarre overpowering flavors (I'm looking at YOU Mikimoto).  The fish was fresh and tasty, the sauces complemented the fish, not overpowered, and everything worked!  We ordered the Tuna and Tuna Roll (spicy Tuna topped with fresh Tuna?  Yes!), the BR roll, a sashimi sampler, and an order of their spicy edamame (we think it was edamame tossed in chili oil, and that was a BRILLIANT idea).  For $42 (that's with tip) this was a meal we couldn't beat!
We ordered online using eat24hours.com.  No extra delivery fee, no hidden fees of any sort, and I was able to both pay by card and tip by card ONLINE.  When the delivery driver showed up (about 10 minutes BEFORE the minimum delivery time.  Speedy quick!) he didn't even ask me to sign for the order.  It was a breeze!  They packed the rolls in individual trays with clear lids so we were able to immediately see everything.  I hate it when sushi places cram everything into a styrofoam container where everything is mixing and touching and you can't tell what roll is where.  This was a neatly packed, easy to eat divvy up, and it was AMAZING.  
This is DEFINITELY my new go to sushi place - I can't wait to eat *in* the store.Excellent food. Service was exceptional. Very friendly staff. Clean dining room area with cozy atmosphere.You would never think to eat anything, much less sushi given the location, but this place has amazing sushi. Don't be afraid and step right up.love these guys! new sushi place in town, just opened a few months back and its already our go to place in town. my family and i love sushi, and just find the overall quality and taste at asuka gives them their edge. its a small family run place, clear that they love what they and they do it well, totally friendly and sociable and i really wish them success. go now! and get a saints geaux geaux geaux roll
hoping they grow enough that they can start delivering soon. Also wish they'd switch to being closed monday or tuesday instead of sunday... i cant imagine they generate more business on a tuesday evening over a sunday. I know ive had to go elsewhere at least twice because i always forget they're closed sundays.
Update: 9/14 - they deliver now!! They've actually been delivering for a while now, which only means we order from them MORE frequently. Still never had a bad meal. Delicious delicious food. We love their food so much we usually can't go much more than a week (except sundays.. boo) without an order!I had a great experience with Asuka. Their online ordering is very straight-forward and easy to use. I placed an order and it was ready for pick-up in 15 minutes. They also deliver for free. (I didn't notice until writing this review, you can order right from Yelp! Cool!)
I got a couple of pieces of tuna tataki sushi, a basic roll, seaweed salad, and miso. All of it was good, it definitely satisfied my craving. Next time, I will try some of their amazing looking specialty rolls.I actually have been to Asuka on more than one occasion (about 4 or 5 times). Sushi is my guilty pleasure, and its proximity to where I stay made it the perfect place. I have had their hibachi one time, while dining in and it was amazing. After that visit, I've continued to go there for takeout. Every time my meal was delicious, with my favorite being the saints go go roll. My most recent visit has highly disappointed me, and I'm so utterly disgusted by the taste of my sushi that I don't think I could ever go back there and give them my money. I picked up my sushi as soon as it was ready and the sushi tasted warmer than room temp despite the fact that I ordered raw sushi. I ordered the saints go go roll along with a snow crab roll. The snow crab roll had avocado in it, and the avocado tasted WAY past due. The fried rice had such a weird taste to it, like it had too much onion in it. I'm so disgusted and disappointed that I had spent my money on it. But hey, give it a try. You might have a better experience, like my prior visits.Getting tired of the lesser sushi options on the west bank, my friends and I decided to explore! Well, we came across Asuka and let me tell you I am so glad we did! Yes, the location looked very sketchy and parking was extremely limited. There was a big ole dip in the "parking lot" and yeah, parking was just bad. The outside of the restaurant makes it seem like a hole in the wall place, but don't let that scare you away. We walked inside and there was one server. It's pretty small with limited seating so I can't imagine when they get packed. We were seated quickly, being the only table at around 3 or so and got to looking at the menu. I like the variety of special rolls that they offer! Besides sushi they have hibachi as well and many other appetizers and whatnot. I like that their drinks come in bottles and not cans too. Lol. We got crab meat salad and seaweed salad and those can't be messed up really. But I did find that the seaweed salad was more flavorful than other places ive had it from. Sounds weird, but it definitely was. We ordered plenty of special rolls. All of which were amazing! Everything tasted fresh and we got all our rolls at once. I was really satisfied with all the rolls. No complaints at all. Server was attentive but not in our face either. Everything was perfect! I shall be back to try the other rolls I had my mind set on, but was too full to order. A few rolls recommendations include: shaggy dog, crazy roll, and New Orleans roll. The saints go go go was also good, but I couldn't do too much of the cream cheese in it. The El Diablo didn't wow me either. Friend got rocky roll and it was huge! Def give this place a try, you won't be sorry.2.75 Stars.
I was told by a friend that I had to try this place.  While it was all OK, nothing blew me away.  I agree with whoever posted the 2.75 star rating.  
I ordered octopus nigiri, a sashimi sampler appetizer, and the Sumo Roll.  The quality of this fish was all spot on, but lots of places in the city have great fish.  The sashimi app was fine, there are other places in the city which give you more variety on fish.  The octopus nigiri was good.  I was really looking forward to their Sumo Roll, since rolls are where sushi chefs can differentiate themselves from other restaurants by creating unique flavors.  It's advertised as a Dynamite Roll, which is supposed to be spicy, topped with salmon, tuna, and crunchy garlic oil.  I expected a burst of flavor, but it was all just OK-again, the fish was good, but there was little to no spicy flavor.  
The location is awful, right off of Earhart Boulevard, next to drivers speeding by.  Their parking lot is tiny and partially unpaved, and street parking nearby is limited, not to mention the iffy area. The interior of the restaurant is nice, it's clear they've worked really hard to try and create an ambiance.  One annoying thing, it was almost 100 degrees outside and didn't feel much cooler inside.  You're in Louisiana, crank up the A/C.  
It's OK, but with other great sushi places in the city that aren't in sketchy locations and have convenient parking, it'll probably be a while before I head back here.The BEST in the city hands down!!  No one comes close in terms of sushi!  Menu is smaller than other places but 100% quality!  I love the aloha and Tulane rolls.  Everything is so fresh.  They also do a very good hibachi which is nice for me since my other half is not that into sushi but he loves coming here with me!  The service is great, the one waiter is so animated we love having him! But the best part are the prices, you can't beat them plus the food is amazing!  I only come here now!Most interesting rolls in the city at a decent price. Really nice staff in a modest building... Lots of sushi restaurants in NOLA lack a lot of creativity, but this place had a lot of really intriguing options. Really loved El Diablo roll, also asked the chef to make me his favorite thing and he put together a phenomenal, creative roll.
Four stars and not five because the nigiri fell apart and the surf clam nigiri was a little overloaded. Otherwise a great experience.Love this place!! Always consistent. Delicious and quick delivery. This is prob the only restaurant that delivers to my office near central city. I order delivery at least 2-3x week from here. Great menu!!I love this place. I'm a regular, go there no less than once a week. The sushi is the best in the city and the service is great. Fair prices, good service, excellent food! What else could you ask for.This is now our 6-7th time at Asuka and the quality has been consistently way above the other restaurants in the area for sushi. I had to update my review because after this umpteenth time we've been here we're still in food heaven. 
Shout out to the staff. Great food without a great staff makes any place incomplete.Excellent, fresh sushi. My husband have tried almost every sushi place in the city and this is one of the best. We like rolls and theirs are fresh and expertly put together - not sloppily slapped together with tons of rice like some other places. The Nemo roll is the best! Also, great - Tiger Eye (spicy and creamy) and Aloha. The restaurant itself is small and a little underwhelming, but you will not be disappointed in the food! They also deliver.I really like this place however they tend to overdo it on the sauce so I always ask for sauce on the side.Fresh fish and great prices, what more can u ask for!  Only downside is no booze, but u can bring your own, so not too much of a downside.  Hibachi steak is near perfect.  Wish I lived closer, this would be my go to sushi for sure.5 stars because the wasabi made me cry. I haven't had really hot wasabi since I moved to New Orleans.
This is a great, affordable, family-owned hole-in-the-wall place with good basic sushi and inventive house rolls. The best thing I had was the salmon, followed by the yellowtail. They were both melt-in-your-mouth and fresh. 
The service was amazingly attentive without ever being intrusive. For example, they refilled drinks when the ice got low.
I will be back with friends!I think this place has improved since I tried it the first time a year ago. The menu seems to have grown a lot and they have several very unusual offerings I haven't seen in other Japanese restaurants in New Orleans. The first time, I tried the tempura which seemed a little greasier than I like it. 
For my second visit about a week ago, I tried tuna tataki and the stuffed jalapeño which the people at the next table had ordered. A  very large jalapeño (4 inches or more)  and fairly wide, is filled with snow crab and then tempura flash fried ( it doesn't say that on the menu). The blend of flavor and textures with the bite of crisp jalapeño, the creamy snow crab and the sauce was delicious. The tuna tataki was 7-8 about 1 oz ( large) pieces of very fresh tuna barely seared on the outside, on a plate with an excellent soy/? Ginger/wasabi sauce. It took a long time me for the food to be served especially since I was one of two tables in there.
They have a house salad with creamy ginger-carrot dressing which is more along the line of a vinaigrette. The dressing is delicious, though they only use iceberg lettuce. 
The third time I went with friends and we ordered the creamy mermaid, which was chopped chunks of salmon and tuna in a dressing to hold it together in a mound served with avocado. Very tasty and recommended.
The other dish we ordered was the tuna tower, again several types of creamy fish in layers with another excellent sauce.  One of our party had the lunch special an said it was good--typical of the 2 roll lunch specials other places have.
The atmosphere is a little dark, it's a small room. You don't go here for the atmosphere. The waitress was overwhelmed, apparently this was a very busy lunch hour and it took a very long time - more than 30 minutes for lunch to arrive.  
I was going to give it 3 stars because even when not busy it took a long time to serve the food. However the food is well prepared, they have generous portions, the prices are not the most expensive, and enough unusual dishes to make this worth returning to.
The parking lot is small and right off Erhart, but you can drive around back and park on the street in back.Amazing place for sushi. best I've found in NOLA. Nick the server is great. He's Intelligent. knows his sushi and sake, Great personality!  Sushi and sashimi are deliciously fresh. I would go back in a heartbeat!Sushi is great, the service and atmosphere could be better. If you are looking for a quick bite to eat this is the spotI honestly can say this is one of the best sushi places I've ever been. Absolutely amazing and amazing service. Our waiter was so passionate about this place it shined through during his service. And the rolls....my god I had the lion king, nemo (FAV), shaggy dog, and new orleans plus a side crawfish roll and hibachi noodles....this was too much!!!!! We did not finish bc the rolls were so big and delicious!! And with a bottle of wine the price was $81!!!! This could never happen in NJ or NY...so freaken good go!!!Great happy hour and delicious food. No idea why the restaurant was completely empty except for one other table. We will be back.I work not too far down the street and during my lunch break we were looking for somewhere to go close by. I will have to say I was very pleasantly surprised! The rolls were very fresh and had a good flavorful size of fish in them.. Which at so many sushi places never seems to be the case. They have a great lunch special and their house specialty rolls are unique. I will definitely come back to try more!New to sushi I came here based on Yelp reviews and I must say I was disappointed. I did not think that what I had was as good as Wasabi I had the first time. The pieces were smaller and were not as flavorful as what I had before. It may have been what I ordered and I am willing to give another try but three stars on this occasion.People who know and love quality sushi and are looking for it - listen up. I had looked through Yelp and other review sites for the best sushi in Nola, and have tried a few places since I moved here last week. Asuka being one of them. I know good sushi, and have found it can be extremely hard to find in unfamiliar places. Anyways, this is my first Yelp review, and I felt obligated after my experience with Asuka tonight. I will not be returning (and it takes a lot for me to totally knock a place). I got carry out from Asuka two nights ago for the first time and loved it. Rolls were good size, had to wait a little longer than the time they told me, but no big deal. It was very good sushi at a decent price, and I thought this would be my new go-to. However, tonight was just bad, and I really wanted to keep loving this place. First I arrive to pick up my order, which was estimated to be ready 30 minutes after I placed it (which was fine), but then I ended up having to wait an extra FIFTEEN minutes in there for it to be ready. I leave, excited, get home and realize the rolls (all 9.95 and more) were absolutely TINY tonight. TINY you all. I have never had sushi this tiny in my life, and they were 10 and 13 dollar rolls!!! They did taste great, that was not compromised, but nowhere near worth the money. Or the wait really. Waiting 15 minutes totally defeated the purpose of getting "quick" take out and calling so far ahead. It's hard to trust anywhere that's this inconsistent because you can't rely on getting your money's worth until it's too late. I'll post a picture of the sushi so it can be seen, I was just so disappointed. I got the black and gold roll, nemo roll, Asuka roll, and hamachi nigiri, for what it's worth. Mikimoto had way bigger rolls for a cheaper price. I'll be returning there from now on.Miss this place! Small, but quaint and clean. Fish is REALLY fresh, and when I had a problem with an order, they gave me a full refund!This place is SO awesome. I'll tell you why.
1) The sushi is FRESH. Oh-so-fresh. Nothing worse than sushi that isn't fresh, and they are on point. And simple. They don't need a bunch of crazy ingredients to cover up poor quality fish, because it's not poor quality at all.
2) Everything is DELICIOUS. Try the tuna cheek. And Pesce Hamachi. YUM!!
3) Everything is made with love, and presented beautifully. You can tell they really put their heart and soul into what they're doing.
4) The staff is extremely friendly and thorough.
5) It's AFFORDABLE. Seriously, nothing is overpriced; especially for the high-quality ingredients which they very apparently use.
This is, hands down, the best sushi in the city. I have found nothing even remotely comparable. It keeps getting better every time I go, too.
The location is out of the way, but it keeps it from getting too busy (and keeps the price point low due to low overhead). It's worth the trip, though, and I really want this place to succeed so I can keep eating there. So, get your ass in your car, and go, for the sake of me and my sushi cravings!Excellent fresh fish. Miso soup, eel sushi, escolar (aka white tuna), pesce hamachi and Creamy Mermaid roll. Great friendly service by Nicholas. So happy to have had this place as part of our tripAsuka is my favorite place to eat in New Orleans. The fish is always fresh and the avocado is always PERFECT!!!! amazing for dine in and take out. It's a plus that the staff are all extremely welcoming and nice! My favorite items are the Aloha Roll, salmon sushi, the Kenner roll, and the snow crab salad.Not anything outstanding but really good for the price. Asuka roll was great. Hibachi was good but not great. Quick delivery on a Friday night.Highly recommend Asuka for delivery or dining in. The restaurant isn't particularly elegant but if you don't care, (and why should you?) you will have a great experience.
I've tried only the nigiri, simple rolls (salmon avocado, eel avocado), and the hibachi rice. I'm not into the big fancy rolls but if you like straight up, no-frills sushi, this is your place. The hibachi rice is great too.
And the online ordering system is SO user-friendly! It was so easy to order & edit my dinner. And Asuka emailed me almost immediately letting me know when it would be delivered.
Asuka makes it almost TOO easy to get delivery sushi..........Favorite sushi place in NOLA. Fantastic service. Fresh, creative sushi and rolls. We go often!Great quick service they were supper friendly. The food surprised me how good it was.I've been here before and the service was good and sushi was delicious. However, for whatever reason the service today was subpar at best. We were directed to have a seat and the waitress took our drink order. That was the last we heard of our waitress. We waited for 20min and tried to make eye contact but nothing...I'm a bit disappointed bc I've been here before. Will try again and hopefully will have a better experience.nice place - convenient - pleasant setting - the sushi/sashimi was delivered home for only $2.50 extra - fresh, large pieces - tasty soup. will go there (or order from) again.I hesitate to review this place because I like that it's not too busy; however, this place...  It is in a terrible (like hide your chrome caps) block, but that doesn't stop me from craving their ridiculously good rolls.  LSU, El Diablo, Rice Paper, Aloha to name a few.  Great, eager service, too.Excellent food, quiet atmosphere.. smart, straightforward service:) Perfect sushi spot.. SO glad to have found..Service is awesome and the staff is great. Always treat my young girls with patience and kindness. The rolls are unique and delicious.