Located in a sleepy residential neighborhood, Atchafalaya was a nice little gem. Live jazz being played in the bar area made for a wonderful soundtrack for our meal. The food was solid, the service was super friendly (albeit, a wee bit slow). See the photo of my shrimp and grits... tasty!Everything about this place is great! Atmosphere, hostess and server were both super nice, food and drinks were both great. I just can't say enough good things!Front door service is terrible. We walked in Monday night to a half empty restaurant during dinner time and the host's first words literally were "who are you?". We're we're stupefied and gave him our name, only to find out you needed reservations even when the restaurant is half empty. We were sat on the bar--which was empty-- and although the bar tender was very nice, we didn't get much service. The menu looked full of great and interesting dishes, but we decided to leave. Upon our exit from the restaurant, the host followed us outside to suggest another restaurant with a more "touristy" menu. This added insult to injury as we didn't ask for his advise, but he extended his rude treatment further by clearly judging our party. I spoke with the host about his behavior and explained that we were leaving not because of the menu, but because of his poor service. I'm disappointed that we didn't get to eat here, because the menu looked great and other yelp reviews attest to the menus quality. I hope you have a different experience. If not, walk out and voice your opinion. Good luck, at this place you'll need it.My wife and I enjoyed a fantastic brunch here while in town visiting New Orleans. Another plus is that the location is in the Irish Channel and right by the Garden District so afterwards we were able to burn some of the calories we just packed on by walking around this beautiful part of the city. But in regards to the restaurant, we were very impressed with the food and drink. They had a bloody mary bar and a nice list of creative signature cocktails. The bartender held her own and did a great job communicating to the customers in this busy environment. We ordered the Gumbo and their Chicken and biscuits. Both were phenomenal and we really enjoyed the vibe in the restaurant - funky music and funky décor. All around a great place to visit!My husband and I went for our anniversary and found it quite romantic. Great food, great service. We had the mango pork with corn pudding, crab cake, gumbo, filet mignon w/truffle mashed potatoes. The gumbo wasn't what I expected though. It was too rich and an overbearing amount of oregano and spice. Simple is better when it comes to gumbo and this was definately a complex chicken and andouille gumbo.   
We also had dessert. Tirimisu and a homemade chocolate ice cream with brownie pieces and Macadamia nuts. Loved the tirimisu, ice cream was too nutty and not chocolatey enough.
Overall we really enjoyed our meal and we plan on visiting there again in the future. Can't wait till next time to try something new!Wasn't sure it could ever happen, but I have a new favorite New Orleans restaurant. Thank you, Atchafalaya! 
The first thing you'll notice is the beautiful ambiance. Nice lighting and wood working. My friend pointed out the repurposed and reused items that were salvaged from across the city after Hurricane Katrina. It made it even more special.
The wine list is huge and delicious! Lots of old standbys, but we drank some new wines that were recommended by the bartender. Yum.
My favorite items were the devil shrimp, it had so many layers of flavors. And second was the vegetarian succotash, the peas were SO fresh. The succotash was also recommended by the owner and I'm so glad I listened to her. My friends also had the duck, which they raved about.
Thank you again for being a great host and for all your recommendations, Rachael and team Atchafalaya! I'm telling everyone I know to come visit you.The food was really good, but WAY overpriced.  I got the smallest portion of gumbo (I'm talking less than a dozen bites small) for $7, but it was delicious.  On a totally unrelated note, the paintings were incredible and so was the live music!You will not regret your dining experience, here.  Going with my family of four, I had the vegetarian plate, another had the steak, another had pork chops and then seafood.  Everyone loved each other's dishes.  The flavors of the distinct dishes compliment each other and almost surprise you with how delicious they are.  The food is fresh and the service is spectacular.  Note that when you order, they do not like to place orders in any other way than all at once.  That means that your appetizer and entrée should be ordered at the same time.  Their specialty cocktails are pricey but worth the experience to watch how they make them.Great place. Really enjoyed the food and wine. Nice atmosphere and super servers. The food had great flavor and complexity. Best place we ate while in town. A little out of the way but worth the walk or cab fare.I picked Atchafalaya for my husband's retirement party. They easily accommodated my party of 16 and provided a comprehensive prix fixe menu that satisfied our vegetarian and non-pork eating guest. Our servers were prompt, knowledgeable, and courteous.  The food was awesome. We were a late party and finished about an hour after the restaurant closed and we never felt rushed. I would definitely go back again.This food is life changing. I don't think anything will ever taste as good again. The duck hash has an amazing blend of flavors- blackberry and mango accent the duck perfectly.The food was great. We had such large portions that I couldn't finish my plate. I loved the experience of the Bloody Mary bar and, can now say that I'm a fan of the drink! 
You have to go for yourself!Looking for great breakfast/brunch this is the place to be. There was a bit of a wait so we took advantage of the bloody mary bar. Once we were seated i was impressed with the menu, I love trying different things. I had the crab cakes, can't remember the name. The portion was are smaller than I would like, especially for brunch so I filled up on drinks. Definitely recommend to anyone looking for a great brunch just get a snack before you get here.A fabulous place for Sunday jazz brunch with build-your-own Bloody Mary (olives, green beans, celery, peppers, creole mustard, horseradish, 18 kinds of hot sauce - ie: you name it, they got it). I had the "Treme" which was a boudin cake topped with poached eggs, hollandaise and popcorn crawfish tails. Holy crap, was it good. Also got a side of grits I ended up taking home which are quite possibly the best grits I've ever had... Suggest making reservations to cut wait time. Friendly staff, good live music and sweet local art on the walls, what's not to love?We try to get together with friends when we can, and we have special ones in New Orleans and special friends who travel to New Orleans for the second week of February every year.  So we made our travel plans, found out we'd be in New Orleans for Saint Valentine's Day, and truly was inspired to visit Atchafalaya by one of my client's stories imparted upon me weeks before our visit. I did some homework on the web, found the rave reviews and the chef Chris came from one of Emeril's restaurants, so I sold the idea to the group, and they were all in, and we made our reservations for six on Valentine's Day, as there was a BIG Mardi Gras parade (Endymion) to catch after dinner.
We found Atchafalaya on the corner of a quaint tree covered street neighborhood off Magazine Street and Louisiana, and HAD to take a picture in front of the 8? foot high iron skillet adorning the side of the restaurant. We no sooner walked in the door when we were greeted, seated promptly, and the unbelievable dining experience began.
Our waiter, Jake, was very attentive, explained the menu items and specials for the day, and offered to take our beverage order while we decided on our entrees. Catching his attention, we had one guest on a very strict no salt, no fat diet, and asked if the kitchen could handle a special order that might not be on the menu this evening. Jake checked with Chris, the chef, and returned to confirm they could accommodate just about anything we asked for.
So with friends from New Mexico, and friends from New Orleans, and me and the beautiful wife from south Florida, we had quite a varied cross section of palates to please.  We started with three appetizers, the gnocchi, a warm goat cheese salad, and a charcuterie board of interesting items that all were truly scrumptious!
The Jalapeno Ginger Margarita was amazing, not over powering, and had all the hints of ingredients that perfectly blended with the tequila. The wine list was extensive, but as we had a big night ahead of us, most of us enjoyed water at the table. To my pleasant surprise, the wait staff were like an indy pit crew, completely attentive to any of our needs and we never had to ask to have the bread or water refilled, it was just done. Cleanup between courses was effortless and without feeling rushed, it was great.
I ended up with the house special veal chop, with a white bean and asparagus ragout covered in a demi glace, and the wife had her special order entrée delivered and cooked perfectly. Our guests also sampled the Shrimp and Grits, and the fish of the day, and they all enjoyed their choices.  The ambience and noise level were just right, we had a large table and party of six and we could have our discussions without having to compete with music or other close loud tables, etc. It was very nice.
Towards the end of dinner, the owner Tony visited the table, asked about how we enjoyed our meal, where we came from, and stayed for some time with us, which was special.  We were trying to select a couple of desserts to share when we found all four we were deciding to try were delivered, some as compliments of the owner.
The coffee and dessert selections were incredible, and I think the blue cheese flan was the winner (OMG flavors!) By the time we ended up leaving our incredible dining experience, 2+ hours had passed by and we had no desires to chase after a parade downtown. Dining at Atchafalaya was a more memorable experience, and we will return again the next time we visit New Orleans!Simply amazing. Duck dish was top notch. Highly recommend. The fried green tomatoes were on point. Great service and nice relaxed location. Nice for brunch.Awesome brunch vibes! Music, mimosas, munchtastic!Atchafalaya is as good as any brunch place I've been to in New Orleans or really anywhere else, and the price is right, but the green tomatillo bloody mary is easily the best rendition of a bloody mary I've ever had.Delicious! The food was amazing and their double mimosa wasn't too shabby either:) had a sweet Bloody Mary bar- didn't partake but it looked legit. The bar staff was fun and service was great!Best dinner we had in Nola. We came on a Sunday night without a reservation, and managed to get a table. Kind of a fancy, white table cloth place, but we still felt comfortable in our jeans and tshirts. Get the shrimp and grits and the blue cheese flan. The flan sounds weird, but it was fantastic. Our waitress was very helpful in suggesting what to order (including the flan).For being a first timer to NOLA, this place is quite off the beaten path. A lot of food blog research was involved to find this hidden gem but I think my parents were quite surprised when I told them we should come here for brunch. All of us were very impressed with our food choices.
The chicken and biscuits were HUGE. You are literally served half of a chicken. My low country Benedict with eggs was outstanding. A lot of flavor and just the right amount of heat. The brunch burger was rated 8/10 from Papa Bear. The Bloody Mary bar is fantastic. $11 for a Tito's Bloody Mary and $12 for Grey Goose.
As far as ambiance and atmosphere, be ready for a hipster/trendy vibe. It's very opulent. The art work on display was amazing to look at and overall a cozy but bright dining area. 
As far as reservations go I had a reservation for noon. We were seated behind other groups and about 15 minutes post reservation time. I understand friday is busy for brunch, but why make a reservation if we have to wait anyway? Don't understand the logic there. Would come again just for the food if I was on that side of town.I went to a wedding reception dinner at Atchafalaya and it was one of the best meals I have ever had!  The shrimp and grits were the best I had on my visit to New Orleans, and the filet melted in my mouth!  The staff were accommodating and made sure everyone had a great experience.  I would highly recommend this restaurant!Just ate the Grilled Pork Chop. Absolutely the best I've ever had. It was served on a bed of mustard greens and surrounded by black eyed peas and had a sweet and tasty corn cookie on the side. Very creative dish and each element was delicious.amazing!  from the cocktails of perfection by chris at the bar, to the amazing creole inspired dishes, it was all perfect.  interesting unexpected cocktails!  we started with the atchafalaya salad - light with pear highlights simple, clean, delicious!  the lamb meatballs were cooked to perfection, the sauteed drum was amazing - light, fresh, delicious combination of flavors!  mellow spot, not over the top, just a wonderful neighborhood feel, good service.  all in all a wonderful experience and highly recommended!Eggs atchafalaya (poached eggs on top of fried green tomatoes with hollandaise and jumbo lump crab with fried potatoes) was delicious. The crab was delightful and the hollandaise was rich and creamy. Perfectly cooked potatoes. 
Cochon du l'egg (eggs over easy on cornbread pudding with pulled pork and blackberry syrup) was incredible. Pork was perfectly tender and bursting with flavor, contrasting beautifully with the sweet  cornbread pudding and creamy egg yolk. Unbelievable with every bite. 
Finished with the chai creme brulee. Subtle spice in a delicate custard - very good. 
Iced coffee was also on point. 
Great service for brunch on a Monday. The place started to fill up around noon. More than I would usually spend for brunch for two, but it was absolutely worth it.Fabulous neighborhood restaurant serving updated versions of classic New Orleans dishes. Specials are whatever is fresh on the market. 
Have the fried green tomatoes topped with crabmeat and the free form ravioli. We all had market fish done superbly. The apple tarte tatin and crepe dessert were sublime. And we enjoyed the Crooked Mayor Barolo, locally bottled was great too.NOLA's neighborhood AAAA restaurant!  I do not know where to start! Shrimp & Grits!  Fried green tomatos & Crab Meat! Pan Roasted Chicken!  Everything was great and it is located in the garden district so it's easy to get to.I have to update because I didn't realize that Atchafalaya was under new ownership from the time I wrote the original review. I just went to look at the menu today because I was feeling nostalgic for their fried green tomatoes. Holy price increase Batman! The menu is all fancified now. You can disregard the pictures I uploaded because those were taken in 2004. Apparently they are not serving the same food. I'm sure it's still good...it's just not what I remember from my 2 trips to NOLA. *is sad*Had reservations for 6 at 8:45. Waited at the bar beforehand. Bartender was very nice but didn't seem very knowledgeable about the products. No beers on tap if that matters to you.
Mussels: excellent. Chicken and sausage gumbo, dark roux and tasty but needed a little more salt. Having said that, my shrimp and grits were overly salty. I should have said something to dude but I try not to complain about things unless they are horrible. Still, the grits were creamy, the shrimp well cooked and the rest of the dish was great but very salty. Depending on who's putting together the dish back there, it can clearly be hit or miss.
Everybody else seemed to enjoy their dish. Cheese plate looked tasty, sample of the pecan crusted grouper was decent.
Wait staff was nice although when the food came out, several dishes were given to the wrong people and the server got a little defensive about it "just hand it over to him!" Maybe she wasn't having a good day.
I'll definitely try this place again if I'm in the area but you guys really need to make sure things are being tasted in the back please.Came for brunch and wasn't really impressed with it , I will say the Bloody Mary bar was very impressive but I don't drink so I can't say how good it was or wasn't . Overall I would say it's a little over priced and not worth the wait but that's just me .Such a quaint neighborhood house turned into a restaurant.  We called in the afternoon to see if we could get in for dinner same night.  They were extremely accommodating and we got in.  The menu was not vast,  but the items were superb. The pork chop was huge and tasty,  but was bit too sweet for me.  The crab claws were outstanding as was the Lamb. My husband enjoyed the gumbo and his seafood dish. The tastiest dish was the creamed corn grits,  but the Blue Cheese Flan was the hit of the night... Delicious.Excellent food, service and knowledge of the menu.  Clean establishment tucked off of busy Magazine Street.  Great fried chicken!  Recommended brunch spot.Locals Secret!
Fortunately we know people in NOLA, and they were kind enough to suggest a place they go to a lot ... and after having dinner at Atchafalaya we know why. It was delicious! After seating at the bar enjoying creative cocktails, we were escorted to a nice table in one of the several rooms for what could have been our own private dining room. The, want I am calling, the deconstructed ravioli was INCREDIBLE, light textured ravioli filled with crab, spinach and meyer lemon sauce was SO good. Then for dinner a delicious drum ciopppino with shrimp, crab and roasted fennel was the perfect symphony of flavors. The rear tuna was really good too. But ... by far the most creative tasty part was dessert ... pinenut, honey, feta cheese ice cream. Now, don't turn your lip, think sweet, salty nutty caramel heaven. We really can't say enough about this place. And as we were told, but ran out of time on our visit, the brunch is amazing too -complete with Bloody Mary bar. Do yourself a favor, stay out of the Quarter, and wind down the river to Atchafalaya! Y. U. M.Ugh. I never want to like this place. The Bloody Mary bar is a fun distraction during hectic brunch but is, in the end, overwhelming and gross. BUT the food was dank as hell. The cream cheese grits are the best grits I've had. I grew up in New Orleans. My dad's dad made me grits almost every day. I've tried cheese in grits, which I don't like, and I've tried just cream in my grits, which is not good. Cream cheese grits is incredible. Had y'all's cream cheese grits with grillades for a fundraiser once and wish those grillades were also on the menu.Very good choice in a land of so many good places to eat.  Food was very good, service was great and it was just a great meal.  I had the shrimp and grits which was super, I thought the fried green tomatoes were good not great.  i would eat here again without pauseBest chicken and biscuits I have ever had!  Super awesome waitstaff!  Will definitely be back on my next visit to New Orleans!O_M_G - Delicious brunch! I had the Eggs Atchafalaya and it was one of the best meals I have ever had. The restaurant - in a house - is adorable; very bright and sunny, and the tables are spaced out nicely so you don't feel like you are eating on top of people. Everyone in my party of 7 rated their meals very highly. 
This will always be a must on any future trips I take to New Orleans!Great little neighborhood restaurant! I went here for lunch and was not disappointed. The service was actually pretty slow, but the food made up for the waiters sluggishness. 
I had the Hanger Steak Sandwich. It had blue cheese on it. Need I say more. The steak was good great and was very tender. 
I really want to try it for brunch one day. I hear they have a build your own Bloody Marry bar! I will give you an update if I make it for brunch.Was pleasantly surprised with every dish. Got the Korean pork belly, fried chicken, gumbo, and alligator sausage. Good flavors, not overbearing. Would come back!hey, how can you not love a place with a full-on bloody mary bar--with fresh horseradish, house pickled veggies, homemade juices...  and yummy new orleans brunch food.  cheers!  hint: order your vodka on the side and make a slew of bloody marys..you need at least 2 or 3 to experience the range of possibilities.  i am making bloody mary bars like this now in CA.You MUST go here for brunch on Sunday morning. It gets packed, so be there early. Loved the authentic live band. I had the Boudreaux. This was basically Eggs Benedict on some cajun steroids. Jalapeno cornbread, with alligator sausage on top, topped with a fried egg and the best cajun hollandaise your tastebuds can handle. I will be back. I have been dreaming about this place. And their French 75 is to die for. So refreshing for the New Orleans summer heat.Took a bit at first to get in on a 2 person reservation but that gave us a chance to get the Rasputin Revenge at the bar and my god that was good. Once we sat the jalapeño corn mini breads were great, as well as the mussels, fried green tomatoes and the Ravioli was something special. 
Definitely check this place out.Coordinated a 50th birthday dinner for 13 out of town friends this past Saturday.  Jake the manager and Rachel the owner were super helpful and patient during the planning process.  The night of the dinner Jake and Glen, our waiter, took excellent care of us.  The service was attentive and the food delicious.  Thanks again for a great evening. We will definitely be back.All I can think to write is HOLY F#CK!!!!  One of the best meals EVER!!!  I had the duck hash, which was absolutely incredible. I normally put salt, pepper, and/or hot sauce on my food, but I refused to bastardize this dish!!!!  Same goes with my husband's Korean style pork belly. Wow!!!!  I'm already planning my next trip back here!!!!Five of us ate a late brunch. This restaurant is fantastic. Two of us had the make your own Bloody Marys. The selections to put in the Bloody Mary's was grest.  We had among the five of us the duck hash, truffled egges,alligator sausage, shrimp and grits, chicken and biscuits and Pimm's CupMy boyfriend and I stabled across this place  after walking down Magazine street and using Yelp to find a place to have lunch at. 
We both ordered from the prefix menu:
Gumbo, gaspacho, friend green tomatoes w/crab, shrimp and grits, and bread kidding. 
The entrees were delicious and this place was a more sophisticated and quite atmosphere compared to what we had experience as tourists in the French quarter/market/bourbon street areas.
The food was delicious.We had a nice meal here. The chef prefers not to make any substitutions so just be aware of that if you have any allergies etc. 
The menu is short but has a mix of seafood, pork, chicken, steak that makes it easy to find something you like. The app special was fried soft shell crab so we ordered that as well as the fried green tomatoes. We all agreed the tomatoes were better. 
The drum and shrimp and grits entrees were very well received! The portions and taste were all perfect. The child chicken entree was less appealing. 
We had the drink special, a peach old fashioned, which was fine. They have many wines and an interesting cocktail menu.This. Place. Is. Amazing. I visited Atchafalaya on a Saturday night for a dinner with a large group and had one of my best dining experiences in New Orleans. The restaurant is totes adorable and the ambiance is amazing. Think West Village in New York City and you'll get the idea. We had a chance to meet the proprietor on our way out. Very friendly guy and mentioned that he had recently visited New York City for some R&D. I think that's why it was a slice of home (I'm from New York) with that special New Orleans flair. I would be a regular if I lived New Orleans.
On to the meal... I, like many Yelpers, had the Quail stuffed with Boudin. Ahhhhhhhhhmazing! Perfect meal. Beautifully presented. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
Oh, one last thing: whatever you choose to drink, make sure it's not the Beet Martini. Gag.FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN NEW ORLEANS!!!!!
On the first night in New Orleans, we were kinda tired, so were looking for a place near us- Garden District, that had good cajan/creole food.  After reading yelp reviews, we made a reservation at Atchafalaya and walked over to the restaurant.  IT WAS AMAZING.  The shrimp and grits were soooo good! Coming from the Northwest, I had never had grits before and I now know that I like them.  They were creamy and flavorful.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the sauce was very tasty.  My friend and I got as close to an adult should to licking the plate!Like the Open Table online reservation service. 
Luckily I used it because this place was packed on a Sunday morning. Jazz brunch was kicking. 
Even though we had a reservation, we weren't seated quickly, and we could barely hear the hostess because the jazz band is practically on top of you when you walk in the door.
But this is NOLA and loud in your face jazz comes with the territory. Most people need the pick-me-up after a long night of drinking anyway. 
Dishes are from $13-20. I got the namesake dish with fried green tomatoes, poached eggs and lump crab meat. Next time I'd ask for grits instead of homefries because I'm not into potatoes. I wouldn't recommend the green tomoato part because they weren't ripe, but the crabmeat was fabulous. Next time, I want to try the crabmeat salad. mmm.
There was a serve yourself bloody mary bar which looked like lots of fun. 
I recommend giving this place a try, but don't expect star treatment if you are in a small party. We never saw our waitress after someone dropped off our food. I had to ask someone to get her after I was done with my entree to bring me jam which I had requested early on and to refill my water. My dining partner asked for more coffee three times before she got it. In the waitress' defense, her other table was quite large, and they were getting all of the love. 
I'll try it again sometime because the atmosphere was sunny and upbeat. Speaking of sunny, I felt bad for the two tables out front. I bet they got a sunburn. ouch.I have literally driven by Atchafalaya probably a few hundred times in my life. I always wondered about the small restaurant on Louisiana that I had always heard good things about, so when a friend suggested that we get dinner here, I jumped at the chance. Walking in, I was surprised at just how small the place is. There is a cozy bar area that leads into a dining room and a little more space upstairs. We had no reservations, but we were immediately seated. Maybe it was a slow night.
We started with a beef tartar app. I usually shy away from what is essentially raw beef, but I was feeling pretty adventurous, so I decided to give it a try. It came out and it was topped with a soft cooked quail egg. What you do is break the yolk and mix it into the meat. Ooohh...primitive! The meat was nicely spiced and the egg added something interesting to the dish. Honestly- I didn't hate it. AND I didn't get sick or anything, so all in all the experiment in raw meat was worth it. I actually would get this dish again without hesitation.
We also decided to get the soft shell crab app. I LOVE soft shell crab and I have taken to sampling it wherever I can. This app had a thick crust on the crab and I do prefer when the crust is a little lighter. However, the crab itself was delicious and perfectly cooked. I had no complaints about the dish at all.
Last but not least, I got the shrimp and grits as my entree. This was delicious! The shrimp came on the bed of grits and the whole dish was covered in an amazing sauce and served with andouille. My only complaint was that the shrimp came with heads and tails on. It's easy enough getting the heads off, but the tails were a struggle with the sauce. No matter, I couldn't get enough of it. I loved how buttery and smooth the grits were. When mixed with the sauce, they were the perfect consistency and really tasty.
I am SO excited about getting back over to Atchafalaya. I have heard such amazing things about the brunch that I know I will have to try it at some point.Excellent!  Got there at opening for Sunday brunch.  We sat at the bar, which filled up quickly.  The atmosphere is relaxed and casual and the service is spectacular.  The two bartenders (I wish I could remember their names) were REAL bartenders.  They were impressive to watch and functioned like a well oiled machine.  The Pimm's Cup was superior!  Try one.  The Bloody Mary bar . . . MMMMMMMMM!  My gf asked to be surprised for one of her drinks and she was blown away by what they concocted.  These guys were great.  They work together every Sunday.  Go see them!  The menu was impressive as well.  I'm sure you wouldn't go wrong with anything on it.  We shared the Eggs Atchafalaya and the Duck Hash.  I'm still salivating as I type this review.  And the value is great too.  We had 6 cocktails and the two entrees and my bill, including tip, was only $130.  Atchafalaya is most definitely worth a visit and we can't wait to return.Absolutely wonderful. I really enjoyed the prince Edward island shrimp and grits. It was tossed with some amazing (really amazing) sausage and tomatoes. This was my first meal in New Orleans and it did not disappoint. Best of all though, the host, Tony, is really friendly. We talked with him for a while when we were on our way out of the restaurant and he cares a lot, and it shows.
I put $$$$ because it's probably more of a $$$ place, however it's currently listed as $$. So I'm trying to move the needle.Best brunch I've had in New Orleans. I am taking off one star because the food took way too long. 
I got eggs Atchafalaya and they were amazing! My husband got the eggs with pork - he loved his too. The blood mary bar is creative and the live music during lunch was great - especially for our baby who was with us. 
Service was good, but the food took a long time to come out. I'd go back but just be ware of the food wait.On our most recent trip we had Monday morning breakfast at Atchafalaya. I had the stuffed mirliton, my wife had the blueberry brioche French toast and our son had French toast and bacon. My wife and I both enjoyed the Bloody Mary bar very much. The food was very good, our waitress was a little kooky, but I would definitely eat here again.Great food, wait staff and ambiance. 
This casual neighborhood restaurant is beautifully situated in the Irish Channel of New Orleans. It's a favorite with us locals. The decor takes you into the bayou, but with elegance.
On this occasion I had their salad with warm goat cheese, the salmon special, and two desserts, the bleu cheese flan and the bread pudding. There were four of us. The real hit of the night entree was the sautéed drum fish in cioppino broth - OMG. Other great entrees included the redfish and the shrimp and grits.
You just can't do better.First time in NOLA and came here for a late brunch meal. Such a cute place and the setting is relaxing. Everything on the menu is amazing. Definitely coming back again!Awesome is not good enough to describe Atchafaya!  Great service, tremendous soul and superb food.  The Blue Cheese Flan is amazing and the gumbo is wonderful.  I highly recommend!Had brunch with my parents here and it felt like the quintessential NOLA experience. All three of us ordered something different and all of us loved our meals. We really enjoyed the band during brunch and my Dad and I made frequent patrons of the bloody bar. Great location for a true New Orleans brunch. Reservations are a must.Fantastic brunch spot!  We came here for the live music and awesome Bloody Mary bar, but ended up having incredible food as well!  We started with the Fried Green Tomato appetizer, which comes with a crab salad, greens, and remoulade -- fantastic flavors and texture combinations!  We also tried the alligator sausage, which was also delicious. For entrees, we had the Duck Hash and their special for the day, which was a blue cheese and buffalo chicken Po'Boy. Would absolutely come back for brunch. Great ambience, wonderful service, and fantastic food!Nice atmosphere, unpretentious, good cooking.  The price tag was a little steep so I would give this $$$ but quality and local ingredients.  The wait staff was very knowledgeable and caring.  I would come back here.I was really looking forward to eating at Atchafalaya, and found the meal quite unsatisfying. My wife ordered the skirt steak special and I had the pork chops. Both were overly fatty.  Our server started out a little cold, but did warm up as the meal went on.I went with some friends to celebrate us all being in town together for the Christmas holidays. We were all so excited to be there since we had all heard such great things about it. I can't comment on the quality of food because honestly our service was so terrible, downright rude even, that it completely detracted from what would have been a lovely dinner, and it ruined our experience there. Not only will we never go back, but I have dissuaded others from going. Why pay money to be bullied?
Everything was going great until our waiter asked us if we wanted to order cocktails. He was extremely pushy and would not take no for an answer. Once he finally understood that we were not interested in ordering drinks, his demeanor towards us changed COMPLETELY. He had been cordial, charming even, but then he became huffy and rude and downright mean. He slammed our silverware and plates down in front of us, as if to let us know how mad he was to be serving us. Eventually, he stopped coming to our table and instead two other random servers waited on us. He barely cast us a glance, except to glare at us and be sure someone else was "serving" us. We watched him serving the other tables in his station and he seemed to be perfectly cordial with everyone else. At the end of our meal, when we were asking for our check (we weren't anxious to spend any more time there, or to give Atchafalaya any more of our money), we were again pressured into ordering something (dessert) that we didn't want to order, but this time by one of the other servers--who must have relieved her coworker, our first waiter, from the horrors of our dealing with our terrible table. She pressured us so badly to order dessert and asked us at least 4 times and would not take no for an answer. She kept saying things like "Are you sure?" and "come on, just try it", and when it finally clicked for her that we didn't want dessert, she too became huffy and rude! We saw her rolling her eyes at us and talking about us to other staff. We weren't even told goodbye by anyone when we gathered our things and left.
I've had bad service experiences at restaurants before, but it was passively bad, like I/my table was being neglected. I have never, ever had aggressively mean service before, and I refuse to go back to Atchafalaya because of the appalling way we were treated. Honestly, I've had better service at McDonald's.Was in town and went for Sunday brunch. Chicken and biscuits was off the charts and shrimp and grits was as good as I've tasted. Definitely  make a res far in advance.I really enjoyed my meal here! I shared the steak with my 7 year foodie son and he liked it. I want to thank the gentleman that shared his Pokémon go experience with my son. He was getting "bored" and you saved the day. I also had the charbroiled oysters....yummy! I will return!Great cocktails. Bloody Mary bar for brunch! Been here three times, twice for brunch, once for dinner. Never been disappointed. Great atmosphere, great food, and if you're lucky great live music!Taking a roundabout road trip from Austin to Pittsburgh, my wife and I were determined to make each of our stops have memorable food (not too difficult a task for New Orleans).
Atchafalaya met and exceeded my expectations from the Yelp reviews. My wife and I shared the fried green tomatoes, shrimp and grits, and the scallops. Everything was truly delicious and an upscale take on cajun/creole cooking. Traveling from a more inland location, fresh seafood is always a treat, and the fish definitely did not disappoint.
While a bit pricier than our usual fare, the high-quality service and tasty food were well worth the indulgence. I would definitely go again next time I find myself in New Orleans.I went here on a weekday morning and had no difficulty getting a table. As others have said its definitely on the $$$ side. The ambiance was great as was the service. I got the Eggs Atchafalaya which I unfortunately found very disappointing for the $18 I spent. The whole dish was very bland and I left feeling quite unsatisfied with the meal. The duck hash that the table next to me ordered did look good, however, so that might be a better option. I don't think I'd be returning any time soon though.Came here for Mardi Gras. Was suggested by a friend and this place didn't disappoint. They had a wide range of items for the brunch menu. I ordered the chicken and biscuits, with breakfast potatoes. My family ordered the bananas foster French toast with rum sauce syrup and apple smoked bacon with cream cheese grits, and a slow cooked brisket po boy!! All the items were really good, and the mimosas were really good as well. The only thing is that the food did take 20 mins to come out! Other than that the atmosphere was great, they had a live jazz, and the service was good also. Expect to spend between at least $15-$25 per entree but the portions are nicely sized. Definitely would recommend if you are visiting or local residentWonderful brunch! Took my parents here when they were in town visiting. We all loved it! Every brunch item we got was fabulous - Eggs Rockefeller, Louisiana Crab Omelet and one of the special for that day - might've been the Boudreaux or something similar. They were all delicious and just the kind of brunch we were looking for. The Bloody Mary bar was also fabulous - a ton of options! I am looking forward to going back and trying some of the other brunch items. From previous reviews I'd read, I was kind of wary about 1) how the service would be and 2) the volume of the live music they have on the weekends during brunch. Neither one of these was an issue. Our service was great and the music was fine. I think it'd be great to sit outside as well - it was a little chilly the morning we went but I think sitting outside when it was pleasant and warm would be perfect to hear the music and not have to worry about talking over it. Can't wait to go back!Fantastic restaurant - great food and cocktails! I had a great beet martini there! Another one of my NOLA favs.For the second weekend in a row, I popped into a restaurant that was actually a last-minute alternative to a more well known eatery.  With a fellow Yelp-er's suggestion in mind, we headed down Louisiana, a street that seemed devoid of any quality food.    
Nonetheless, my experience at "New Orleans only five 'A' restaurant" was satisfying from top to bottom.  Despite the busy night, they squeezed us into a bar top.  The staff was down to earth, responsive, and honest with their favorite menu selections.  Plus, someone was always opening the door for incoming diners.  A nice gesture on a busy night.       
My entree, red fish, was a little on the salty side, but a delicious crab cake to start made up for it any sodium overload.  The bartender threw together a simple, yet tasty lemonade and vodka with what had to be fresh lemonade.  Lemon peels instead of lemon slices were subtle, but appreciated.  
While eating, we rocked out to a nameless band who we were told shows up on a spontaneous basis.  Led on vocals by a Mardi Gras Indian, they need to throw together an album.  Apparently, Atchafalaya has live music every weekend.
Lastly, the men's room is the "behind the tree."Dark, chic, and romantic.
We came in a huge group (via reservation) and pretty much had the upstairs room to ourselves after the already sat diners had finished.
There's a lot of great options on the menu and I opted for 2 appetizers - the scallops and the crab ravioli.
Since we were in such a large group, the orders took quite a while to be prepared and served. In the mean time, the cocktails were great and the bread and butter were delicious. Really, many types of bread rolls and stuff.
The scallops were cooked perfectly and well seasoned. Light, tasty, slightly chewy and tender. The crab ravioli was good too- which was a lump of crab in one big ravioli sheet with a delicious sauce on top.
For drinks, they have a great vodka selection - both Kettle One AND Tito's. There is 2 bathroom stalls on the upper floor (not sure the bottom)
Service was great. Drinks were also filled. They even found an earring that someone had dropped and brought it to us as we were leaving.
Ambience is definitely very dark and romantic. Hard to be a photodocument dishes.
Would definitely come back.Very high quality, awesome dinner. Everything was great from the smoked ny strip to the shrimp and gritsVisited New Orleans for a weekend and wanted a nice dinner on a Sunday night. A lot of places I had on my list to hit were closed on Sunday...but luckily found Cafe Atchafalaya via yelp.
Had a perfect meal there:
The bread was sublime...wispy and warm in the middle, toasty on the outside. And of course, the butter was at room temperature, which made the experience all the more pleasurable.  Realize that I'm still just obsessing on the bread.
The gumbo was unlike any I've had before. I don't really know authentic gumbo, but my past gumbos have been generically seasoned stews with overcooked starchy rice. This gumbo was more like a soup, had rice sprinkled over it, and had a delightful kick.
The shrimp and grits was AMAZING. The shrimp were done just right...thick and tender. The grits were creamy and complimented the flavor of the shrimp so nicely. 
My side of collard greens also broke previous records for good greens. They weren't a watery mass of wilted vegetation -- they were tender, but still had some bite... They had a vinegary zing to them that also worked nicely with the shrimp and grits.
The peanut butter pie with chocolate ganache was incredible. The graham cracker crust had just enough saltiness to balance out the sweetness of the peanut butter and chocolate that filled it. I was stuffed...but could not stop taking just another bite.
Coffee was freshly brewed...and perfect.
The staff was incredibly thoughtful and friendly. 
I dined alone, so the interesting crowd of other diners made for good people watching.Wow, where do I even begin with this place...
First, I have to say, this is hands down one of the best brunch places I've ever been to. I'm not usually a fan of cocktails but they were very delicious here! I had a lychee bellini and the Category Five. The bellini was light and fruity and the Catergory Five was the right combination of spices to alcohol. 
I ordered the duck hash and my friend ordered the special for the day, french toast (Different from the one that is on the menu) Generally breakfast potatoes to me are just filler items to make yourself less hungry but the breakfast potatoes here were probably the best I've ever had and I was begging for more! (Literally) It was perfectly cooked and it had parmesan seasoning in it that added a nice twist. The duck was also very good and they didn't skimp out! The addition of the poached egg on top with slices of mango made for a perfect sweet and savory meal. My friends french toast was presented so beautifully we almost didn't want to touch it! lol We were afraid the french toast wouldn't taste as good as it looked but it completely exceeded expectations. Overall, I would HIGHLY recommend this brunch place. GREAT atmosphere, loved our waitress (extremely friendly and personable), and most importantly of all, amazing food.AMAZING food! Good service, nice atmosphere! Only visited one time on my trip to NOLA. Can't wait to go back. I'm addicted to the grits!Loved it. I went there for a Sunday jazz brunch. Very inviting decor. Food was a modern take on the regional classics with delicious drinks. Staff is great, with a perfect timing and a way of making you feel at ease while receiving a great service.We were searching for some great Cajun food for our last lunch on the way out of town. My wife was on a limited diet, and got a lackluster Jerk Chicken salad.  Really, you can't diet here in New Orleans.  That was her fault.  To be fair, she ordered it without the cheese and tortilla strips, so she didn't get the real deal.  But the salad dressing was a bit bland.
I, on the other hand, had a simply devine order of shrimp and grits. This dish features head-on gulf shrimp, Andouille sausage, smoked tomatoes and a crispy grit cake.  The grit cake itself was a revelation.  Think of a perfectly fried, finely textured, creamy and savory custard and you are almost there.  One of the best things I have eaten in some time. The rest of the dish was great too.  Nice, big shrimp. Delicious sausage and a rich creole sauce.  As if that weren't enough, there were several smoked tomatoes accenting the dish.  I had noticed them on the menu description, but did not understand them until I ate them.  They were a perfect taste sensation.  Little heirloom type cherry tomatoes that had been perfectly smoked,  The flavor explodes in your mouth.....
The kids all had the Shrimp Po-Boy.  They liked it, and so did I.  Nice bread, flavorful shrimp and a delicious remoulade.  They came with fried potatoes.  Not french fries, but thinly sliced fried potatoes.  Just like my Grandma used to cook up in her cast iron skillet.
We had a chance to meet the proprietor.  Nice guy, who seemed genuinely concerned with our meal and our experience. I would be a regular here if I lived here and will certainly come back if I ever get back this way.
One last note.  I have to give a shout out to our busboy "J".  Best ever.  Thanks for your outstanding service!One of our best dining experience in NO. The waiter is very friendly. The interior setting is casual, comfortable and intimate. I like the duck hash best, great flavor and well balanced. The chocolate creme brulee was very good. On the other hand, the blue cheese flan is a little too sweet.What a great experience! The food here is fabulous! I got red snapper and the pumpkin crepes dessert. The cracklin rose cocktail really was special and delicious. The South African wine was perfect and my parents loved their meals too (they got the tuna special). They said it's one of their favorite restaurants in NOLA, and now I understand why! I would definitely go back! Our waitress was attentive and knowledgeable, and the atmosphere was perfect. Another great NOLA restaurant!Back again for the shrimp and grits! Amazing. Had the alligator gumbo too which was perfectly seasoned. Rioux was dark but not too dark. Just perfect for me. Will be back againWhat a wonderful and charming neighborhood gem. After dining at Cochon and Commanders Palace the two previous nights we expected a little drop off. Couldn't have been more wrong. Best meal in New Orleans in years. Owners Tony and Rachael are consummate professionals. Bright and knowledgeable staff from busboy to server Randy, barman Eric, wine steward Connor. Incredibly good gumbo, crab ravioli, fried chicken breast with confit leg, baklava with cardamum ice cream! The room, service and food was so exceptional we returned for an outstanding brunch the next day! I'd give them six stars if I could. Make your reservations way in advance at this outstanding and popular restaurant! This review is written by a thirty year restaurant professional in San Francisco.This restaurant was spectacular and delicious! I had the chicken and biscuits. My husband had the duck hash confirm. Both were excellent! We spent about $30 each so it is on the pricier side. They do have a bloody Mary bar so build your own fixings.OMG! The food, the ambiance and the staff is amazing. I've tried the shrimp and grits (it's a bit on the greasy side but it's sooo good!), the duck hash is amazing, the banana foster French toast is to die for, the chicken and biscuit is awesome. And Bar Rachael, our waitress, was the BEST!  Come check this place out!I wish I could say something positive...okay the jalapeño cornbread was great, but that's about it. The rest of the food was dramatically under-salted...which was good for one in my group due to health issues...but was not great for the taste of the fried green tomato and crab appetizer or the eggs Louisiana. Bland is the best word. Underwhelming also describes the experience, especially after making reservations and drooling over the menu for several days. Our server unfortunately was not having a good day. She didn't share the specials and when asked a question about a dish or drink, her response was distracted, and uncomfortable, and without any kind of enthusiasm. At the end of the meal, I ordered coffee and dessert and then on her next trip to our table I was given the bill--no coffee and no dessert. At that point, we just paid and left. I feel sorry for the folks sitting in her section today. On the flip side AJ was great with his section! I heard the specials and info about the desserts as well as some great thoughts, and details on several dishes. Unfortunately, none of that happened at our table or the others around us. So unfortunate as this was our one brunch reservation in NOLA this trip.While eating the Eggs Atchafalaya, my husband proclaimed that this was the best meal he's ever had. The fried green tomatoes paired with the hot buttered blue crab, the spinach and hollandaise sauce was the perfect combination. He ate every bite and finished it with the tastiest coffee either of us has ever enjoyed. Our waitress (forgot her name but she's from New York) said it is brewed locally. 
I went with the chicken-n-biscuits which was boneless fried chicken covered in a delicious sausage gravy topped with two sunny-side-up eggs. I've never had chicken so moist and tender in my life. It was juicy, seasoned well and paired with the sausage gravy, made my mouth water. It was like breakfast and lunch in one bite. I loved that the orange juice was freshly squeezed and you could tell and that all of the staff was super friendly and informative. Our waitress told us about the daily special and even offered to make us a bloody mary. (No thanks, keep your tomato water but still pretty cool that they had a bloody mary DIY bar). 
This was the best meal we had while in New Orleans and we ate out practically every chance we got. Parking is touch and go (park on the street) and we didn't need a reservation but I think they're preferred.We came on a Saturday morning and were able to get a table right away, luckily! Street parking was not too bad. 
We ordered:
1. Eggs Atchafalaya: it was like a an eggs Benedict with crab meat, the crab meat was really good
2. Etouffee Omelet: I enjoyed this dish the least, I feel etouffee is best without eggs
3. Chicken-N-Biscuits: very heavy dish, the gravy was unique 
4. Shrimp and Grits: this was really good overall, the shrimp was peeled and really big
The service was really good: the waiter was attentive and stopped by to refill our water or ask how we were doing multiple times. There was a live band which was good and blended in with the background noise.I was visiting New Orleans with my family for Christmas and we came here for our last dinner. What a great choice!!! The service was fantastic and the food was delicious. If you only order one thing, make sure it's the deconstructed crab ravioli. Ohmygooosh. It was hands down the best single plate I had on my trip. LUMPS of crab meat, mushrooms, spinach and that butter sauce....don't miss out!Make a reservation you won't regret it! The food was really good! Staff was nice. Place was decorated super cute.We ate at Atchafalaya on our last night in town. Until then, we had not yet had a truly  hoped for 'religious experience' with food in New Orleans. I happened upon this restaurant while searching the internet, looking to find someplace special after a couple of mediocre meals in the French Quarter. 
From the first taste of our appetizers, the scallops and the fried green tomatoes, we could hear the angels singing. Or maybe it was as early as the bread basket, or even before, when we walked into this beautiful setting (the ambience here is quite special) and were greeted by the owner, a man who early does not take his patrons for granted.  
I ordered the fish special, a swordfish on a bed of lovely cabbage and potatoes with lots of flavor and texture. My husband, who wanted a local variety if fish, got the drum fish, which was even tastier than mine. We ordered a side of grits just to try them, and they were divine. Finally, we even got dessert: the German chocolate crepes. Everyone around us was getting the apparently fabled bread pudding but we were glad we tried this rich assortment of flavors, the coconut paste being especially tasty. 
Lastly, let me mention that our drinks and wine were perfect: the cocktails were well made, the wine selection excellent. I love that I could order a glass of real champagne with my meal, which added to the specialness of this experience.
Please note: I am writing this the morning after our meal  and am pleased to say that even with my propensity towards upset stomach after such a lot of food, some of it on the rich side, I feel great this morning!! Nirvana in NOLA was achieved.  Thanks, Atchafalaya. GO THERE!Visited while in town for work and all my favorite places were closed on Sunday night (what the hell is up with that?). Had a bowl of better than average gumbo (although very small portion) and a nicely prepared pan seared drum over crawfish tails, roasted red peppers and spinach.  Very tasty.  A bit pricey, but a nice place.  Excellent service, too.We escaped the french quarter for the day, and were rewarded with a yummy dinner.   The shrimp and grits were yummy, highly recommend.  The fried green tomatoes were nicely done, very generous serving of fresh crab on top.....but I have to admit that I'm just not a fan of fried green tomatoes.  It's just bland and did not add to the yummy crab or the salad it was sitting on top.    We also had the fish special which was nicely done.  Highly recommend!We ate here three times during our week in New Orleans. We have high standards and can find not a single aspect of Atchafalaya that could possibly disappoint.  
From the really thoughtful, attentive staff to the beautifully maintained, well appointed, creative, comfortable dinning space. 
And the food? Attention to detail delivers complex multi-layered flavors and textures. The menu offers traditional locally famed dishes, but they are prepared for discerning lovers of fine foods willing to treat themselves to slow food.What a great place to enjoy brunch in New Orleans. It's a bit off the beaten path but well worth the effort. It's a small place (converted house) so dining tables are limited. We had the duck hash and crab eggs Benedict which were amazing. The waitress was very good and even allowed us to order an item off the menu. Going back to the small place, the live music is great but it can get really loud. This place is as good as people say it is and a must when visiting #NOLA.I love this place!! The vegetable omelet was amazing!! I love how friendly the staff were. From the host to the waiter to the busser. They have a Bloody Mary bar!! When I come back to NOLA I am coming here again. I will definitely be adding it to my food blog.Probably the best meal of our New Orleans trip - Great food and service.  Will come back.My sister had been here before with her husband and daughter. She loved the gumbo and was bound and determined to order it again. We saddled up to the bar and loved the bartender. He was super nice, helpful and attentive, maybe because we were the only ones there but who cares, right?!!
My sister ordered the gumbo, she loved it. I didn't realize gumbo had a smokey flavor. Not for me but she loves it. I had the brick roasted chicken, gluten free. It was lovely! I ate half and half cried my way back to the hotel for having forgotten the bag at the restaurant. I honestly forgot what my sister ordered but she said it was good, I'll take her at her word.
The atmosphere is swanky in a artistic fun way. The walls are decorative and festive, reflecting the brilliance of art work in the city. I would definitely recommend coming here and did tell a few friends at the conference that it was worth the trip. If I were to come back to New Orleans I would return here, just like my sister did.
Worth the trip!I hesitate to recommend this restaurant to others, because, selfishly, I want to be able to walk right in on any given Sunday morning and have a top-notch brunch like I had on my last visit.  Good for Atchafalaya that it appears the secret is out -- there were people lining up outside, but all seemed content to do so, given the easy access of the build-your-own bloody mary bar.
What are some things I like?  Poached eggs and hollandaise? YES.  Fried green tomatoes? YES.  Lump crab meat?  YES.  Needless to say, the Eggs Atchafalaya (with a side of bacon) left me a very happy customer.Our first visit and first official meal in NOLA.  To begin, the service was exceptional from start to finish, from the friendly hosts to the entire service team. They were very attentive and friendly, were willing to go out of the way to accommodate our requests. We ordered the
Gumbo
Risotto
Pork chop
Fried chicken
Gulf fish
Hamachi Crudo
Mussels
Flan
Rice pudding
All the dishes were well prepared with great flavors but my favorite dish was the risotto.This restaurant wins the award for Restaurant of the Year in Cristy's book. I wish I could describe every detail of my experience here. From the moment I walked in and was greeted by the host and soon after the owner, my experience was unforgettably wonderful. 
The friendliness of the staff was spectacular. The enthusiasm, politeness and overall charm from the servers gave me the impression that they like their job and they want to be there. 
The food was excellent. Never have I ever been to a restaurant and everyone in our party orders the same thing. Who does that? We all pick out of one another's plate to try something different - the purpose of everyone ordering something different. Right? Well, there was a special on the menu that night - salmon with cabbage, bacon and a lemon butter sauce. What the...?! How knew that these ingredients combined could be so wonderfully delightful?
Lastly, the overall decor and ambience was pleasing and easy on the eyes. There was beautiful artwork, a mural of a tree with gold leaves, and dim lighting. 
Looking forward to my next visit. This is definitely a treasured gem I will pull out on special occasions with my husband and close friends. 
By the way, the owner is a doll. Very nice talking to him and becoming educated by his expertise.On your way to the zoo, stop in and eat some Shrimp and Grits!! Very nice owners, wait staff and chef. My daughter asked to sit at the bar ( at noon), and wanted chicken nuggets, and the chef made her some non-spicy nuggets. EXTREMELY nice. 
After our excellent meal, the owner took our picture outside. A must return when in N.O. A+++I've never had a bad meal here - it's one of my go-to's. Brunch is fabulous - fun atmosphere with live music and the bloody mary bar. Lunch is quieter but the food is still great. And dinner is romantic with candlelight and a more subdued atmosphere. 
Food is always on point. Bartenders are experienced and can make anything you want - they know fancy hipster cocktails, too. The owners are always on premise and they are friendly and helpful. Brunch is busy - expect to wait for a table for at least half an hour. But it's fun to listen to music and stand outside while you wait.Went for brunch with two friends, and it was delicious. When it came, that is. We waited a while for a table, even though we had a reservation - and then once seated we waited for about an hour before we got our food. It was all worth it because the food was amazing, and I'd go again as long as I had the time to kill.Cool place, with good, thoughtful food preparation. I had drum for the first time, and I loved it. The place is pretty small, and has a nice, intimate feel. They have a good cocktail list, too.
 I'll go back there any time I'm in NO.I had the seared tuna dinner special and it was amazing! All of the people joining really enjoyed their meals as meals. Highly recommended to check this place out.This was a WoNDERFUL birthday dinner. My husband is wailing about just how wonderful the quail was. 
We had a few wonderful, solid drinks (wine for me, pregnant belly!), the fried green tomatoes, ah!!! It was absolutely wonderful. 
Tony, the owner, came over and spoke with us (and for a good amount of time after we had finished). 
It's an easily missed neighborhood restaurant (but you'll be sorry). 
My very no fuss no muss partner was eating out of their hands; well done Atchafalaya, well done. 
So concludes my full belly, halfway sleepy review.I really liked the atmosphere with fresh flowers on all of the tables. They refilled our water as soon as it got low which was essential because we were pretty hungover. The Bloody Mary bar was a vegetarian one without bacon. The food was good but my potatos and side of eggs were luke warm at best which is part of the reason why I deducted a star (the other reason being that the waiter did not write down our order (pet peeve of mine) and forgot my friends side of jalepeno bread). At the end of the meal when I had two potatoes left on my plate, the waiter offered ketchup.We were told upon entering the restaurant to prepare for the best meal of our lives... A tall order that was filled by the wonderful staff, food, and ambiance of this establishment. Monica, Bob, and a generous bartender made a great evening even better. We will absolutely be returning, hopefully sooner rather than later.Was in New Orleans visiting my daughter, a college student.  After reading the Yelp reviews I chose Atchafalaya.  I chose individual "small plate" dishes:  fried green tomatoes, sweet potato puree, and gumbo.  My waitress recommended a pinot noir that was fabulous.  She described it just as it was.  The fried green tomatoes - over the top!  Not heavy and greasy and the crab on top - unbelievable.  They were thick and luscious and the crab meat, fresh and sweet.  The gumbo was elegant:  full of taste and scrumptious.   I can't wait to come back with my husband.  The service was wonderful -- loved my waitress.  The owner was there and checked in with me several times.  I highly recommend Atchafalya.Huh???  Went for brunch, with admittedly high expectations due to the great Yelp reviews, but this is one of those rare times when the experience did not live up to the hype.  Quaint and lovely ambiance, in an old home converted into a restaurant.  Service was sub-par.  The wait seemed unnecessarily long, since there were several tables open for 30 to 60 minutes or more, and there seemed to be plenty of waitstaff.  Was hoping the food would be stellar to make up for it, but the food was just okay.  Seriously, nothing special- not bad at all, but nothing memorable.  Sigh.  Would only give this place 2.5 stars if I could.a very good choice for dining experience in New Orleans if you have $$$...$ to spend. 
live music during the weekend's brunch. 
very good foods and drinks.First of all, we came to this restaurant in New Years Eve, probably the worst time to visit any restaurant. The food was not very good (only the oysters are worth trying) and it was too expensive. Still, the atmosphere was nice and the staff very friendly. We even got some free champagne.BE PREPARED TO WAIT. I would have given 5 stars except the service was not exceptionally great. I had made a 12:45 reservation for brunch on Sunday and wasn't seated until 1:15.  Then we waiting 15-20 minutes to receive our coffee and they brought me hot coffee instead of iced. The iced coffee showed up 10 minutes later. It took a while to get anything from anyone and maybe that's the vibe but be prepared to wait.
Otherwise the food was fantastic and everything we ate was delicious and the coffee was too. I had eggs treme and my friend had the French toast of the day. We enjoyed the cream cheese grits as well.
There's live music on Sunday's so if you're hungover just prepare for loud music.This might be my new favorite restaurant in NOLA.  We had brunch here on a Saturday and it was FANTASTIC.
There were at least 4 things on the menu I wanted... I had a hard time deciding.  I ended up getting a benedict dish that had crab cakes... and a cajun hollendase sauce.  YUM.
There's a bloody mary bar... jalapeno cornbread, and delicious mimosas.
I do not live in NOLA anymore but this place is definitely at the top of my list of places I want to go for dinner next time im in town. 
I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for an amazing -- truly NOLA inspired meal!Super cool ambiance for brunch with live jazz. Great service and really liked the vibe of the place. The food was good, but didn't blow me away. I got the chicken and biscuits, which was nothing special. The build your own bloody bar is a nice touch.Everybody talked up this place before our arrival in NOLA. And for good reason! Delicious food, live music and a build-your-own-bloody bar. We did not get the reservation memo. Get a reservation. We had an hour wait (Magazine Street is nearby, and fun to explore) but get a reservation. Both tables we were seated next to were also Brooklynites, if that gives you an idea of the clientele. Pricing feels a bit off at about $40 each for a brunch meal and two drinks. Best dish at our table was the duck.My friends and I found this place via Yelp when looking for somewhere to brunch in the city. We were staying with one of our friends in Metairie and he had never been before either. As soon as we entered we were filled with a sense of Creole charm. The menu included everything from burgers and egg dishes to building your own mojito. I forget the name of my dish but it included some Alligator sausage and Jalapeño cornbread with eggs and Creole Hollandaise. It was the stuff of dreams. And in a city where all the portions are XXL, Atchafalaya gives you the perfect amount so that you can enjoy every bite without feeling stuffed. And our waiter Remy was so sweet and helpful, even told us some other places we must see in the city. Best brunch ever!!Had amazing food!  Bar tender was friendly, waitress was super awesome.  Only reason for bot giving 5-stars was that I had reservations, there were open tables, and it still tool 20+ minutes to seat me.  I would still STRONGLY urge anyone in NOLA to make the trip to the Garden District and enjoy this gem!!We were lucky to get in.   When we tried  to book online reservations were full.  Called in she said it was full but found a spot for us!  Very quaint building, outside and inside seating.   Our waiters name was Justin and he was very kind and personable.   They have a great make your own Bloody Mary bar!  I ordered Atchafalaya Benedict my companion ordered The low country breakfast.  Both dishes were good.  We also ordered a side of cream cheese grits that were delicious.   I am glad we tried it.  With all the high scores on Yelp it was something we had wanted to try for some time.  Our dishes both came out warm not hot.  I also found my dish maybe was a bit under seasoned but still good.Coming to New Orleans to eat and drink for a few days, you know you're going to get good stuff. Atchafalaya was far and away the best I had while in town. We were fortunate to have an uber driver tell our party about this place on our way into town, and it was walking distance from where we were staying. So lucky!
Cocktails were incredible. We each got a different dish and spent dinner exchanging bites on small plates because everything was a hit. The head-on shrimp and grits was wonderful. The black drum jubilee had all of the flavors you want in New Orleans. The pork chop was sweet and smoky. We couldn't resist boudin and crawfish beignets, and the blue cheese flan to finish was stupid good.
Probably worth a reservation, as we were lucky to sneak in at the end of the night. Seems like their brunch is booked out all the time and I suspect it's crazy good too. Next time I come to New Orleans I'm certain to come back!I really wanted to like Atchafalya, but I just can't give a good review here. While in NOLA for vacation, we had a bunch here with the Booths.  I'm hoping that this review will actually help the restaurant, if it is taken critically.  As we waited 30 minutes past our reservation time to be seated, I heard the owner telling the man who was varnishing the building how important reviews are.  I suggest to him that instead of talking about the reviews to the painter, you spend time giving your guests attention and making sure they are satisfied.  
I'll start off to say that Atchaflaya sure knows how to take the reservation, but has a hard time honoring the reservation. After waiting 30 minutes after our reservation, we were finally seated. After sitting, we were ignored for another 20 minutes, given a broken high chair, and received no apologies.  The restaurant was busy, but that is not an excuse for bad service.  They should not have taken the reservation.  Here are my issues:
1. Seated 30 minutes after the reservation
2. Received water 20 minutes after sitting
3. Drink order was taken 10 minutes after that
4. We ordered the food with our drinks, and at that time, asked if they had full fat yogurt for my child.  The waiter laughed when we thought they may only have low fat.  He said he would be surprised if "anything there was low fat." Surprise, surprise....They ended up only having low fat.
5. The high chair we were given was broken
6. We instead ordered fruit for my child.  The waiter asked if we wanted the fruit before the meal or with the meal.  We said before the meal.  It came out AFTER the meal.
7. My dish came out cold.  It was as if the eggs and potatoes were sitting there for 20 minutes before it was served.  I had to send it back (second time in my life) for them to make a new one.
8. Nobody said goodbye when we left the restaurant.
9. No apologies for the bad experience or anything that could have made the bad situation better.  We were clearly upset about the way this played out.
10. Not a huge deal, but the Belini that Mrs. Angelini Booth got did not have the puree.  It was basically peach flavored champagne.
The food overall was actually quite good tasting.  If the restaurant was less crowded, it probably would have been a good experience.  They should not have been taking reservations or walk in's, if they couldn't handle them.  I typically don't rate service that high on my reviews, but this service was so bad, it made the whole meal a significantly less enjoyable experience.We had a fantastic brunch/lunch here after our bike tour. The bloody mary bar is impressive. My husband had the crabmeat salad- beautiful in presentation and every bit as delicious. I had the Eggs Atchafalaya- which is a take on Eggs Benedict. Perfectly poached eggs served on top of perfectly prepared fried green tomatoes, served with Hollandaise sauce. The potatoes were also fantastic. Our waiter, Michael was great, as was the hostess. I'm so glad we ventured to the Garden District to try this great local restaurant.Fantastic local foodie heaven, one of the best places in a city full of great places. The food and vibe are unique and awesome. When traveling to New Orleans, i always make time to visit here and have suggested it to all friends as well. Highly recommend, a treasure in New Orleans.I strongly recommend that you make reservations if you want to eat here. Do not attempt to go here without one, especially on a rainy day. We made that mistake and couldn't get seated but decided to stick around for their bloody mary bar. If the food they were bringing out tasted half as good as it looked, you're in for a good treat. We were stuck with a liquid lunch on this rainy Sunday. The green tomato bloody mary was worth it, it was light and refreshing. So different from the heaviness of traditional BM mix. I sampled them both and their house made BM mix is tasty and needs nothing more than a dash of hot sauce. 
This could easily be a 5 star restaurant and worth the 2 hour wait for a seat but the hostess was extremely unpleasant towards us and a few other guests. It got to the point where I just didn't want to hear the sarcasm and rudeness anymore so we left.  Still a great BM bar, and the food did look great... worth another visit (with reservations) and I will update my review.My mom and I came here for brunch on a recent trip to NOLA. We had reservations (love a place that takes brunch reservations) so we got right in. 
Holy bloody mary bar! I've seen bloody mary bars before, but not of this caliber. There were giant dispensers of house bloody mary mix, green bloody mary mix, and tomato juice. There was also a huge collection of hot sauces and a whole bar of pickled add-ins like okra and green beans. They also had bacon bits and other little mix-ins. Very delicious and comprehensive!
I ordered the eggs Atchafalaya with andouille sausage instead of crab (shellfish allergy, booo). The potatoes were beautifully cooked, as were the poached eggs. The hollandaise could have used some salt, but was creamy and delicious otherwise.
My mom got the famous shrimp and grits and was converted to be a grits eater. 
Loved it!Perfect NOLA jazz brunch.  Flavorful without being over seasoned.  Great meal, exactly what I wanted.Had brunch reservations on 1/8/15 with my BFF.  The hostess greeted us and was nice and friendly. She told the BFF that he can hang his jacket on the coat rack which was nice and then took us to our seats.
This restaurant had a nice ambience and was nicely decorated with really cool art work on the walls and the entryway was made up of windows which gave it a unique look.
I ordered the shrimp and grits. It was really good. I give theirs a 4 star. I probably should have taken our waiter's advice that it really isn't a breakfast type food but I was trying to see if it would beat Dante's Kitchen's shrimp and grits and Dante's is by far the best I've had so far! 
The BFF ordered the Banana Foster french toast which tasted amazing! I should have ordered that. I always end up wanting what he orders after the fact that I already ordered something different but I never learn. We always try to order different things so we can taste as much as we can on the menu so we'll know next time when we come back. But the sauce on that French toast was the part that made it super yummy! We even drizzled it in our coffee and it made it taste so much better! I'm definitely getting that the next time I come back here! It's that good!! 
Atchafalaya is off the hook! ;)This place is definitely a must-see on a NOLA trip! Cozy little corner cafe with a beautiful ambiance, super awesome waitstaff and bartenders and amazing entrees. It was very hard to choose what to eat. I had the lamb meatballs over goat cheese grits and hubby had the duck confit wrapped with bacon. Delicious! Very knowledgeable waiters, too.Excellent food and service!  I'm always for finding the local places to eat.  This is defintely one to hit!Great delicious food.  We caught it on a good weather day and were able to sit outside which was a big plus!SO glad we found this gem of a restaurant! Amazing food (we had brunch on a Saturday), great service, cool vibe, and a groovy live band (at least on the weekend)! 
We had to wait for about 45 minutes, but it was well-worth the wait... especially since you can get a great cocktail, cup of coffee or their amazing Bloody Mary bar while you're waiting. 
We will definitely recommend this restaurant to friends and go back next time in New Orleans.Bloody Mary bar is amazingggg! So much on it! Cold brew coffee is delicious! Gumbo is really good. So are the brunch potatoes and cream cheese grits! Like the atmosphere a lot too. Service was a little slow and it took awhile to get our food but other than that, it was awesome for brunch!The moment we walked into this restaurant, we were blown away by the service. David greeted us and although he was clearly busy and we arrived a little early for our reservation, he made a few jokes and was jovial. He soon seated us & we ordered several dishes including the best shrimp & grits ON EARTH. WOW! I highly recommend this restaurant. It's a little off the beaten path too (which we appreciated).our group of 3 vote this the best eats we had in nola...we shared almost all of the appetizers on the menu, each better than the last!  Fun ambiance, excellent service :)I've been to Atchafalaya a few times and I'm always impressed with the experience.  Really great brunch with a terrific bloody mary bar, and also solid dinner service.  They have a good well conceived menu, everything is well executed, the service and ambiance are nice but not stuffy, the bar pours excellent cocktails with a good wine and beer selection.  Its not my go to for a nice meal, but its always a contender when it gets thrown out as a place to go.Hands down, no kidding the best meal in New Orleans. I fact the best meal I've had for a long time. I couldn't fault a single thing from the decor to the atmosphere to the service to the food. The sommelier knows his stuff, they have a great wine list, and the owner is on the spot pitching in to support his excellent staff. If I could give them 6 stars, I would.Excellent place. Food was spectacular, staff was extremely friendly. I would come back to this place every time I visit the big easy.Don't miss this place did you are in the Garden District. We enjoyed lunch at the bar since it's a busy spot. Enjoyed every bite and sip of
our meal! Bloody Mary, Milk Punch and Sazerac. Friend Green Tomatoes were amazing with crab. Duck Hash - who knew it could be soooooo good? Oyster Po Boy was the best ever - great balance of flavors with fresh cherry tomato, pickled onion and sweet peppers.Was a walk-in for two people for Sunday brunch. Right away, you'd expect that to be a 2 hour wait (which is what we were quoted), but we got in at around an hour.
Started with their bloody mary bar ($11 for Titos Vodka), which was excellent. I've never been a fan of bloody mary's but I was converted after having it at Atchafalaya (maybe that's because they had hit me faster with zero food in my stomach...)
I ordered the Shrimp and Grits ($25) and my girlfriend ordered the eggs treme ($15) which were both quality dishes. I'm not sure if the shrimp and grits were true representatives of New Orleans cuisine, as the place seems to have evolved from what I imagine--in the nicest way possible--dirty and gritty New Orleans is like, however, it was a fantastic plate of food. With five pieces of shrimp and a few pieces of andouille, this plate of grits packed a bunch of flavor! It was creamy, salty, slightly spicy, and was cut with a slight sweetness from the fried green tomatoes. Don't be intimidated by the price-point because you won't get to have this great plate.Four hundred, four hundred, let's get to four hundred together.
Come walk with me, arm in arm, beer in hand, cocktail in hand, we'll walk there together...  get to four hundo...
The GF and I went here the other night and had a sensational dinner.  Instantly made the list...
A+
5-stars!
We kind of drove by this place one day and said, "Oh that place looks nice / really cool"...  tried to do a walk in one night and that didn't work, made a rezzy and went back for take 2.
The dude that sat us was really cool, we talked it up about music, and FQ fest / Jazzfest.
Really from start to finish it was a smooth operation.
Our waitress was terrific, she reminded me of a girl I went to high school with.
I recommend the Blood and Sand cocktail, it was delicious.
I had the lamb meatballs for din-din, also excellent.
My GF had the fish special which she really enjoyed.
And, typically, 90% of the time I am NOT a dessert person, but everythang was going so well I decided to.  And I enjoyed that as well.
Everythang was great - atmosphere, service, cleanliness of bathroom, FOOD!  Cocktails!
Do it again.
Get to Four Hundred with me.We came here for a nice early dinner and got the crab cake, free form ravioli, charcuterie plate, pasta achafalaya, and stuffed quail. All of the food was delicious, though the ravioli was truly a stand-out dish.
 I wish we hadn't gotten the charcuterie plate, though, not because it wasn't good but because there were more interesting/ unique items on the menu and we definitely ran out of room for dessert.I came here with my mom and grandma and we were satisfied with our dinner. I took off one star because the main dining room is very loud! I understand it is an old New Orleans building but they have to figure something out, I could barely hear the people sitting next to me.
The food on the other hand was delicious. The boudin beignets were out of this would and are a must.  I got the blackened drum for my meal and it was not what I expected but it was very good. The fish sits in a light red sauce and it is super flavorful. I would definitely recommend if you like white fish but want to have it in a different way. For dessert we ordered the bread pudding and it was also very good, but nothing too special.It's the first time I don't mind waiting for 45 minutes to get a table (we had no reservation). We decided to try @atchafalayafood for our Sunday brunch and we couldn't have been more satisfied. Terrific food (seriously consider the Duck Hash), live music and great service. Oh boy! :)Went for brunch. Had reservation. Took 30 min to get seated. Then, it took 30 min for the waiter to come to our table,  another 30 min to get served a small appetizer and another 30 to get main food . At that point if I had not been with other people, I would have left. No water refills. Food dried out and tasted like cardboard. Restaurant too hot. What a waste of an eating opportunity in New Orleans!. Don't bother!IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE. Perfect spot for brunch and my last meal in New Orleans! They had all the brunch staples with some good Cajun/creole twists to it!
I got the eggs treme ($16) and it was absolutely amazing! The eggs were on top of boudin and the dish also came with fried prices of crawfish and a delicious toast of bread. The flavors put together we're just phenomenal. I also got a side of the cream cheese grits and that was nice and creamy. Would say this was probably my favorite meal while in NOLA.
They also had a live band playing the whole time and it was very soothing jazz type music. If you're into bloody Mary's they have a great Bloody Mary bar!This restaurant has the most horrific management staff. The rudest group of people I've ever had the misfortune to encounter in my life. The food was sub par and the staff was pretentious. I can never go here again.Very very good. Atchafalaya has gone through several incarnations but this one has been around for awhile and continues to impress. I will add to the accolades for the fried green tomatoes and crabmeat.  The crabmeat is fresh, without shells, sweet and presented in huge amounts, but the tomatoes are so good that I pulled them out to be sure I got both flavors. Incredible. The redfish was light white meat but still thick with wonderful texture.  Cocktails were fabulous. Friends who got he shrimp and grits were raving - I tasted it.  Rich and wonderful but just a little heavy on he oregano.  Would be five stars but he cocktails took about 20 minutes (don't miss the Tiger with ginger) and the meal itself was a bit slow out of the kitchen (though not terribly so.). Bottom line - many many good neighborhood restaurants in New Orleans.  This has been one of THE best for a few years and remains so.  I like to eat out. It takes a lot to make me bother to write a review. Tonight was a truly great meal.  An easy five star if they can make the service speed a little less variable.We were about to go to a seafood place off Magazine, when speaking to a local he suggested Atchafalaya.  I have seen this place as I drive by for work and see the HUGE iron skillet on the side of the establishment.  I have noticed they seem to frequently have a lunch crowd.  
The dirty martini was tastey and my husband enjoyed thier mint julep.  The waiter stated that the menu had recently changed.  We ordered the special with was the Halibut over leeks and toped with a tart slaw. This was a wonderful tastey meal, I hope they keep serving such tastey fish dished.  I enjoy seeing more that fried fish on a menu.  We also ordered the lamb with a mint sauce and mash potato with sundried tomatoes.  It sounds a bit odd but it was AMAZING.  The chef recommended it to be medium rare, but being a health inspector I ordered it medium. 
Overall an amazing dinner.  I hear they have a $4 mimosa for brunch.  I will have to try and soon and let you know what the deal is 
The establishment was clean and the waiters maintained the table to be clean.Awesome! Came here for Father's Day brunch. There was about a 45min wait and we waited across the street in the shade. There is also ice cold water and benches for you while you wait. We got served outside, there was umbrellas and fans to help cool us off. Bloody Mary bar was delicious! Food was suburb! And shout out to AJ for being an awesome server. He was super attentive and great attitude. I had the duck hash and highly recommend itBrunch, live band, a bloody Mary bar...what more could you ask for? If you're looking for a good place to have brunch, this is it and it's one block from magazine street. The staff are friendly but the inside is small so it can get a little crowded. You can always opt to sit outside, if you can stand the humidity. The food is great as well. I recommend!This place was amazing!!  Obviously the Bloody Mary bar was a major plus, but don't worry if your not a fan, help yourself to a mimosa or other yummy cocktails. The chicken and biscuits in sausage gravy was legitimately awesome!! It was not only cooked to perfection, it was seasoned well. Highly recommend to try the  chicken and biscuits. We also tried the gumbo and crab corn chowder which we loved. Both so full of flavor and filled with generous amounts of meat and crab. My friends ordered the egg treme and bagel which they also said were unforgettable, but as I mentioned before no one could get over the chicken and biscuits! Such a wonderful experience, would highly recommend as a must try when visiting NOLA. Thanks Atchaflaya because the service, dining and jazz band was wonderful!Great space! Lovely neighborhood. Loved the food. Bartender was nice, but not overly friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting NOLA.Wow. This was a fantastic dining experience!! First, the atmosphere is adorable. Such cute decor. Second and more importantly, the food was FANTASTIC!! We had Eggs Treme and Shrimp and Grits and both were superb. Perfect portions, perfect taste, it was just awesome. If you are going to NOLA, gotta go here!The hostess is unpleasant at best...she was clearly annoyed before we even gave her our name....and it gets better.  You canceled our reservation (I returned a call the day before to confirm) and were less than apologetic...Brought my family here for my wife's 49th birthday...Thanks for a great birthday celebration....She gave me attitude when I gave her my name and the other hostess had to step in....thought about waiting but my son was disgusted with her attitude.   The wait list wait would have been awesome had my family not been waiting to try this "fantastic" restaurant. Your food might be good but your attitude and service suck....thanks again....too bad there is only one good restaurant in NOLA.Really solid and delicious food with great attentive service.  Able to squeeze us in without a reservation, I really loved the fried green tomato dish with the crab meat dish.  Also must try the bread pudding dessert.Brought a close group of girls our first day in Louisiana and it was one of the best restaurant experiences we've ever had. From start to finish, this place is amazing. Will recommend to everyone.Great New Orleans food.  My husband and I went here in a trip to New Orleans and were very impressed with the entire experience.  I ordered a Mint Julep and about fell out of my seat on first sip.  I think it was ALL alcohol, but I'm not complaining.  I was drunk about halfway through the drink.  What topped the whole meal off was at the end when our waiter asked us if we would like to have him hand roll a cigarette for us.  I thought that was awesome.  That's the first time I've ever been asked that question and probably the last time too.  We'll definitely be returning.Had the chicken and biscuits and added the egg over easy on top. Taste just like heaven on earth. I'm coming back to get this again. My wife had the shrimp and grits and I tasted it. It was amazing also!! This place is the truth!! Also had the lemonade mimosas. Try one!!while i do enjoy atchafalaya's weekend brunch - which is very inventive and unique - i have to give their dinner experience this lowly review.  the ambiance in the restaurant is pretty energetic and loud.  the service was there but wasn't just the best.  i ordered the gnocchi dish and was very disappointed.  the biggest downer was how much oil was in the dish.  there were literally about 4 or 5 pieces of gnocchi itself, mixed with a ton of cheap filler vegetables.  the dish should not have been considered a gnocchi dish when the feature is far outweighed by the supporting ingredients.  
my girlfriend got the pasta dish and it was nothing worth talking about.  it was very weak in flavor and, like my dish, was very oily.  for some reason, it seems like the kitchen was overwhelmed because all the dished seemed thrown together in desperation.  although it was a sort of busy night, i didn't see any need for there to be such a lack of detail to the dishes.
i'll return for the brunch but i'm just not really thinking i'll return for dinner unless i hear better news from others.Spicy bloody Mary to start. Unbelievable.  Ate Eggs Atchafalaya. Wow!!!!  We also had one of their specials, shrimp and alligator omelet.  The ambiance was great. Sitting outside on a beautiful Sunday and music playing made for a great brunch experience.I am thoroughly disgusted by my entire experience today. I ordered strawberry gazpacho with lump crabmeat which means 2 lumps & some red bell pepper. The soup was so sweet I couldn't eat it. So, the chef removed that from the bill. Then, I ordered the most pitiful Arugula salad I have ever had in my life. The salad was minuscule at best. I added shrimp after I took a sip of the sickly sweet soup. The prawns were mealy & smelled so bad!! I told the waitress & I know she is just the messenger but she came back saying the chef said the shrimp were fine leaving the kitchen & the salad must have set out too long before I took a bite. Are u kidding me?? I had just worked out, it was a late lunch & I was starving!! When the plate hit the table I took a bite. The waitress in her nicest way told me the chef says he can't comp both. I was happy to pay for the pitiful salad portion because I ate it. But, the prawns I felt should have been taken off the bill. It's not about the money. It's the principle. U put out bad food.... U can't expect the consumer to eat it. Last I checked, the customer is right especially if they ARE right!! I would dare anyone to try to get past the smell & texture of those shrimp & consume them. Preparing food is not always consistent from one plate to the other.... And, clearly that was the case here. I dine out a lot & have frequented Atchafalaya for years. I have never been disappointed. Apparently the "chef" is more concerned about the bottom line than customer satisfaction. Shame on you "chef"!This place was recommended to me by a friend so we were really excited to try it. My 2 stars is solely based on the service we received from the most awful manager I've ever encountered, and who basically ruined the delicious meal we had. I have honestly never experienced someone being so rude at a restaurant before...and I'm from the Metropolitan area so that's saying a lot. We had a group of 10 people, but understanding that the place was on the smaller side, we decided to split up our reservation. So we had a reservation for 6 people, and a reservation for 4 people. When we walked in, the manager was pissed off that we all knew eachother and despite us saying that we were ok being split up, he didn't seem to listen. He was annoyed with us and split us up 7 and 3. Whatever, not a big deal right. I saw a bunch of tables for 4 available and asked if we could keep the reservations as we requested (as it made more sense) ,but he gave me an attitude saying he was trying to accommodate our party and that those other tables had reservations. Even though WE had a reservation for 4 as well. Anyway, I brushed it off...We had just experienced a crazy flash flood on Saturday and were just happy to finally be at the restaurant. 
Our waitress, who I WISH i got the name of was so wonderful. She was so professional and kind, the complete opposite of the manager and it made me completely forget about the bad service he gave us. We got the crab ravioli and the oysters for appetizers- absolutely delicious. Now I understood why this place was recommended. I ended up getting one of the specials, a seared tuna and it was very good as well. Everyone was content with their food. It was a nice intimate setting and we were enjoying ourselves. 
Then... the manager walked by our tables and saw a bottle of water that one of us had carried with us since we were site seeing that day. He was SO nasty about the bottle being on the table I could not believe it. He waited until our friend physically removed the bottle and put it on the ground before he left, meanwhile we were basically done with our meals so it had been there the entire time. It was absolutely unnecessary. And at the very least, he could have just asked nicely. Clearly, this guy was miserable. He was talking to his staff so horribly as well and I felt so bad because the waitress we had really was wonderful. It was a shame that it had to be ruined by that one person. but he was that awful.  
The last straw was when we were all leaving the restaurant and he made a snark remark to us. Unfortunately I did not hear the comment as I was already through the door but if I did, I would have given it to him real good. Just SO unnecessary. Probably the worst service I have ever experienced going to a restaurant, especially one where we dropped a LOT of money at. We are paying money to be here and you have to be awful because we are a big group? He was treating us like we were children, meanwhile I am in my late 20s. It was ridiculous. 
Anyway, if you do go here,the food is delicious but just be prepared in case you encounter that jerk!Set in the quiet Garden District neighborhood, the Atchafalaya is located in a house, but the food is definitely professional. The food is beautifully prepared and to die for.Came for dinner, was not disappointed in the SLIGHTEST. Our drinks were great, our server was fantastic, and the food amazing. I will definitely be back next time I'm in NOLA.  Absolutely a 5 star restaurant.  Loved every minute. I had the truffle fried chicken breast, and if I could eat that for every meal, I just might.Located in the Garden District, close to Magazine avenue shops, nice quiet romantic and Parisian feel type of brunch restaurant. Servers warmed up to us right away and food was delicious. Burger i ordered was cooked perfectly and I happily went into a food coma after my alligator side and jalapeño cornbread.The first time I visited New Orleans we came here at 10am on a Saturday since I didn't have a reservation, so be sure to call and make reservations. I enjoyed the brunch so much that I came back again when I visited the second time. The food is consistently delicious, the Bloody Mary bar has the essentials and the menu is simple. You can't go wrong with the duck hash, grits or the pork belly BBQ. This is definitely a must visit when you're in the 504.Delicious food! Make reservations.
Had the fried green tomatoes (by far the best I have ever had) - with crab on the top it was amazing.
The shrimp and grits was great as well. The grits was very creamy. 
Tried the flan with blue cheese - a bit too sweet for my taste but great combination of flavors.
The service was really good. It was amazing to see that the owner was there serving as a host.
Will come back!My sister and I ate here when I was visiting her in New Orleans and it did not disappoint! We didn't have a reservation but they were able to seat us around 8:45 on a Friday with no wait. Service was excellent and the food was great! After complimentary bread (the cornbread is delicious) the brought out a sample of a cucumber with pate and mushroom (can't remember the exact details but see picture below). She had the wild boar and crawfish meatballs and I had the crab special (fried soft shell crab with crab meat on top, fried grits and vegetables). Both dishes were sizeable portions (but not overwhelming) and definitely worth the splurge! We finished with the peach, blueberry and blackberry cobbler with ice cream (not on the menu but our waitress recommended it). Overall great place with accommodating staff - would recommend for a date night or dinner with family or friends.Food is really good. A quaint restaurant located away from the tourist area. Servers are knowledgeable and suggest food items for you. Shrimp and Grits were amazing with fresh full shrimp with the heads and all.This review is unnecessary because the hype is real. 
I went for brunch. The hostess (who had a lovely accent) made my meal that much more delightful. My server was not nearly as passionate as that hostess. Someone give her a raise. 
I ordered the duck confit hash for brunch. 
I died and went to heaven. 
Order it.
Everything about this place is perfect. Although I would recommend a prettier Bloody Mary Bar. Great concept though! 
Also Rachel at the bar was very kind.This place was ok. Nothing earth shattering. We went for brunch. Had soup and caprese salad then the chicken and biscuit. The shrimp and grits was ok. Bacon had to be cooked more to be crispy. Corn bread was not that good. Really I'd give it a three, but no one pissed me off so I can't diss it that much. It was just eh.Stopped in for Sunday brunch.  Great cocktails! The bagel and lox were fabulous as well as the Cochon de Lait which was definitely something to write home.aboutI wrote a terrible review of this place back in 2012, but I think it's under new management now and I've had some great experiences there since then. Good neighborhood joint, good food, good service - glad to have it around.Best breakfast!!! We had shrimp & grits and Eggs Treme. You won't be disappointed. The service is amazing. The staff was funny and so nice.This place is the home of the perfectly poached egg!
The fried green tomatoes were fibrous and thick (in a good way). The waitress recommended the duck hash for my husband. It's was really good! Don't be tricked by the blackberry and mango. It was perfectly sweet. More duck meat would've been wise but it was good as is. I ordered the Eggs Tremé which was THE BEST choice I could've made. Their boudin was incredible!
Four stars because we ordered alligator sausage and didn't get it. Also no grenadine which made me sad. Service was nice and everything but details knock things down for me.Great Bar, Great Food
Atchafalaya has had a bit of a tortured history.  But now it seems to be back on track and has become a New Orleans culinary star.  It is a charming, old building in the middle of the Garden District.
The small bar up front is friendly and unpretentious and the bartenders are happy to discuss their craft.  There are some really fun and inventive cocktails on their list.
Servers in the dining room are also welcoming, friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.
The three of us started by sharing the fried green tomatoes and crab appetizer which was amazing.  Then we shared a very good warm goat cheese salad.  For our mains we had a fabulous shrimp & grits, a pork scallopini and a red snapper.  We also enjoyed a side of bacon braised kale.  For dessert we had a tangy mixed-fruit cobbler with buttermilk ice cream.  Everything was just great.
Usually a menu will have a few missteps, but not with this dinner.  We really enjoyed everything.This is the second time that I have visited Atchafalaya. The place has a nice atmosphere, but unfortunately, the restaurant is split over two rooms. The backroom, where they always put me, is not as nice as the front room. The last time I went., it seemed we had to share the backroom with all the drunk and deeply in love people (I guess the room has a clear purpose). The staff was polite, but I guess the less skilled waiters were also assigned to the backroom. The wait for the food was quite long (at least 30 mins). The Quail was ok. A little too salty too my taste. Sorry for this slightly critical review.Meh, I don't get it.  After eating here two separate times, I have yet to be wowed.  
My meal this time was pan roasted chicken with goat cheese polenta and broccoli rabe.  Other guests with me got the duck with fingerling potatoes and boudin stuffed quail with collards and sweet potatoes.  The chicken I had was pretty good, but honestly the jus tasted so much better than the actual chicken that you almost couldn't tell they had been cooked together.  The broccoli rabe would have been delicious, but was pretty tough and almost impossible to eat--I ended up just cutting the leaves and top halves off with my fork and that only worked for about half of the portion. I did like the polenta, though I wouldn't say the goat cheese tasted quite the way I dreamed it would (I love goat cheese). Manfriend thought his duck was flavorful, but dry.  Our friend liked the stuffed quail, but the collards were flavorless--where was the garlic and butter that you look forward to in Southern style vegetables??
After such a lackluster dinner, we didn't dare tack more money onto the 100+ dollar bill at dessert and left for ice cream at Creole Creamery instead.
Perhaps I need to stop by for brunch or we aren't ordering the right dishes, but I really don't think I'll be back anytime soon. At this price point I expect to be oohing and aahing at every bite and it doesn't hit the spot.Reviews were so good had to check this place out. Went for late lunch, came early with reservation so we waited till our reservation time. So went to bar where 2 bartenders were talking to each other. Stood there for 5 minutes trying to make eye contact with either of them until I turned around to hostess and said, I guess they're super busy and she said yes they are. Finally got seated, food took 45 minutes from ordering to table for French toast, eggs and bacon. Although food was good and presented on the plate well, Not worth the wait or prices.So this is my second visit and it was almost as good as the first time. The Bloody Mary bar is amazing and I dare say the best in the city, a bold statement I know. I wish the bar area was a little bigger to allow the servers to get into and out of the drink retrieval area without having to try to maneuver around all the guests waiting for their table but during a better weather day, I don't see that as being a problem. I would say that our reservations were at 1:45 and we arrived 10 minutes early and were seated 15 minutes after our reservation which I though odd. It did take some time to get the attention of the bartender as I am not a loud bossy person at the bar and will not waive down a busy bartender but the woman noticed someone else and didn't even bother to ask me if I wanted a drink. 
The Bloody Mary bar has all the fixins that you could possibly desire. They have horseradish, bacon and mustard and tons of pepper and hot sauces and then on top of that, all the vegetables you could ask for making the experience even better. 
Brunch dishes also didn't disappoint except for the gumbo. The roux was very very dark when it came out and when we tasted it, we realized that they had overlooked the roux causing an extreme burnt flavor. The grillades and grits dish my dad enjoyed and I had the eggs Atchafalaya which tasted delicious except for the fried green tomatoes tasting a little on the stale side. It could have been due to how late we tried to eat but next time I will try to get an earlier reservation.Such a charming slice of NOLA! Set in a colorful neighborhood, this restaurant is a must for brunch. I'm not too keen on Bloody Mary's, but they have a build your own Bloody Mary bar here that looked wonderful! I ordered the Shrimp &I Grits... be sure to get this for yourself or to share with the table. It was soooo flavorful with the right amount of spice. The Grits were creamy and buttery- just right. Venture out a bit to visit this gem! I'm definitely coming back for more!Even before we arrived, I received a very kind and friendly confirmation call, just checking to make sure we were still planning on coming. It felt like someone truly cared whether or not we showed up and I got the impression if I had told them we didn't eat something or really wanted to eat something, they would have made it happen.
We arrived a few minutes early and while we offered to hang out and wait to be seated, they arranged to seat us right away. The manager even mentioned that this was a better table than the one they had planned for us. The ambiance in this place is so lovely - stylish and sophisticated without being fussy. The ultimate romantic dinner spot!
The food was phenomenal! I had the vegetable risotto which was perfectly done, buttery but not overly heavy. The hubby had the swordfish, which was a grilled, buttery slab of deliciousness. We were both recuperating from the excesses of the previous day ; ) so we didn't order alcohol or dessert, but the cocktail and wine lists were very creative and innovative, as were the desserts.
The manager shared with us his app, which will give users a totally different way to find restaurants. He was so sweet and charming, I wanted to adopt him!
All in all, one of the best places we have eaten.What a way to start 2012: a fully-stocked Bloody Mary bar, fantastic company and two perfectly poached eggs with lump crabmeat on top of tasty slices of fried green tomatoes. I asked for the Hollaindaise sauce on the side. The coffee was so tasty, it didn't need sugar or cream. 
If you don't have reservations, be prepared to wait to be seated (30-45 minutes on New Year's Day for brunch is not so bad) and get your food. The service was fantastic--never ran low on water or coffee while we waited. I've posted some pictures as well.Drinks:  very good
crab ravioli:  a little too lemony.  pasta could have been a bit more tender.
quail:  ratio of meat to stuffing was off - too much stuffing
pecan crusted snapper:  I couldn't taste the pecan- perhaps it was ground too fine?  and there were too many flavors in the sauce.
cheese plate:  yummy
bread pudding:  yummy.  chocolate preferred over cinnamon
fabulous glasses of rioja red wine
fun atmosphere
Overall, I enjoyed my meal, but had better meals in NOLA than this.Food was good but not enough staff.  We waited about an hour.  Our previous visit was better.One of the best meals I had in New Orleans. Everything was fantastic! We showed up around 11:45 on a Saturday morning, and they quoted 30 minutes for a table. We grabbed some to-go drinks at the bar (iced irish coffee was delicious!), and wandered the neighborhood until our table was ready.
I will say our waiter was a bit slow, as was the food coming out, but once it arrived, all was forgiven. We shared the Chicken-N-Biscuits, Eggs Atchafalaya (eggs benny with crab and a fried green tomatoes instead of an English muffin), and the Salmon BLT. I also grabbed a side of Boudin for myself since no one else was interested in trying.
It's a close call between the chicken and Eggs Atchafalaya for my favorite dish, but I think the latter wins, and it might have been the table's favorite as well. The boudin was also really good, although I've never had boudin before, so what do I know?
I wish he service had been a bit better, but even if it was horrendous, I'd still come back and eat here.We went here because we wanted to eat in the garden district. The food was delish. However, our bread, cocktails, and entrees all arrived to the table at the exact time. It took us a good 7 minutues before we found out who our waitress was. Our waitress seemed disinterested in us. My husband ate the pasta dish and I had the crab salad. We recommend this restaurant but you might find better service elsewhere.Good and recommended~~~but it is a little bit expensive~~
I love the shrimp and crits~~~~One of the best brunches I have ever had. It was so hard to choose what I wanted here because the menu is just right up my alley.
We were seated quickly, service was a little slow, but the food....oh the food. It was beyond good. I thought this place was a little pricey for brunch, but if you are looking to treat yourself or others, you can't go wrong here.Food was fantastic. I had the Eggs treme and my wife had the the Boudreaux. Only negative was it took an hour for the food to arrive.I have mixed feelings about this place. The staff was nice but the food was mediocre at best. My favorite part was the bread they sent out to the table. I did enjoy the cocktails. 
I feel like this place is where Nola transplants go to get an overpriced mediocre version of good New Orleans food. With all the options in town you can do better.Horrible customer service waited 1.5 hours for table and after seating 30 mins for drinks. Not enough employees bartender kept making fun of the situation. Not all our food came out and an order was missed. The food was delicious.While in New Orleans stopped in here for brunch. What  made us decide to come in. Well i had heard good things but to be honest it was the bloody mary bar. Now im not a big bloody may person, but a gave into peer pressure. What can i say. They honestly have like 40 different ingredients so that you can make your own bloody mary. It is certainly a site to see. Just be careful about putting too many ingredients in your drink. Its called a bloody may not a bloody mess.
So we walk in and there is a short wait. We slide up to the bar. But touches seat and we already have one bloody mary bar order. Bartender asked if i was going dor the same and i said, nope i will trust your dri k makijg skills. So the bartender whipped something ul that just hit the spot. Something that you can forget is how nice people in New Orleans can be. I mean really really nice. After 20 minutes of conversation with the bartender it was time for us to be seated. I went for the chicken and biscuts which really hit the spot. Not too heavy. 
Aside from the food and drinks the atmosphere in the restaurant is great. It is litterally in a converted house. You feel like you are dining in someones living room. Except that the staff is way nicer than your friends when they invite you over for brunch. The location is great becsuse it is also only 2 blocks away from the famous strio of Magazine St shops and bars. Great way to start a bar crall.Lovely service and ambiance. Staff is very attentive and keep the magic of the small yet spacious and beautifully decorated establishment. Food is delicious. If you are looking for local fare this is your spot. All menu items are sourced from local farms and grocers. 
I tried the shrimp and grits as they were recommended as some of the best in town. They did not disappoint. While they had their heads on and it was more work than I'm used to, it was absolutely delectable. The andouille gravy was loaded with bell peppers and spices to please any palate without being overly spicy.  
The best part, Bloody Mary bar. Ten stars just for that!I had heard such good things about Atchafalaya that I decided to have my birthday dinner there. And I was so determined to try it that not even a nasty infection could keep me away.
Granted, I'm certain I would have enjoyed the experience even more had I been healthy, but I figured that I needed to eat anyway so I may as well have a good meal. Which I did.
It started with a bowl of the soup of the day, which was a vidalia onion soup. Very flavorful and nice. I liked it a lot. I also sampled the crispy chicken livers, where were crispy as advertised. The ravioli was also good. For my main course I went with the sauteed drum.It was light and nicely seasoned. And though we didn't order dessert, a bread pudding was brought to the table for the birthday boy (me). I guess the balloon that my cousin attached to my chair was a dead giveaway. I was too stuffed to eat all of the bread pudding, but it was decadent and delicious.
I hope to go back to Atchafalaya at some point when I'm feeling better and can really enjoy the full experience. But for a birthday that will be remembered for mostly bad reasons, at least there's one good memory to salvage.Delicious meal, great atmosphere, and wonderful service! Definitely try the fried green tomatoes.I lived in NOLA for 5 years and this is one of the best restaurants there is in town.  It is off the beaten path of the French Quarter, St. Charles Ave and the CBD, so mainly locals know about it.  And even they forget about it.  However, it is well worth the trip to get there and enjoy just about anything on the menu.  Of course the fried green tomatoes get mentioned as "the dish", but do not be afraid to ask for a recommendation from the service staff.  They know their stuff.
When I visited in the summer of 2013, this was the place I first tok my wife to who had never been in the city.  And she loved it.Although the food was very tasty, it took 45 minutes to come out. We were not given any indication that it might take that long. Also the waitress didn't know one my dishes had sausage which I do not eat. I would normally have given this place 4 stars if food came on time and if the server was slightly better trained. Respect to the couple who runs this place diligently. Will update my review next time visit and hopefully find better service.Went for brunch on a Friday around 11:30a. The food was incredible- some of the best I have had in NOLA thus far. I ordered a play on eggs benedict- fried green tomatoes, poached egg, hollandaise with lump crab on top and a mimosa. 
Though I am not a bloody mary fan, the bloody mary bar is very extensive and full if fun foods to accessorize your bloody mary with. 
Would most definitely recommend for brunch with friends or a relaxed date :)