They serve Grimbergen.
The bathrooms are clean.
The space is really airy.
Friendly service.
We were only in during a slow afternoon and only for the ale.  Nursing mothers will love the overstuffed couch.
Hookas and martinis are available as well as Mediterranean food.I once ordered a gyro from here. It wasn't very good. Three weeks later I ordered a gyro from here again. But i farted on it. It actually tasted better. And they didn't try to scam me when it came time to pay. Oh wait. Just kidding. They totally tried to scam me.It was past midnight when my buds took me to Attiki Bar after showing me the madness of Bourbon street. We ordered the spider monkey hookah which was a nice blend. The hummus was ON POINT! My friend drank the raspberry truffle & enjoyed it. My cran-vodka was pretty nice too. The service was friendly as well.  It wasn't crazy inside unlike bourbon st but that's what I enjoyed abut this place.My boyfriend and I went to this place and walked inside. We asked the male waiter if we could sit outside and he said yes he would be right with us. We waited patiently for 15 minutes as the waiter hung out at the end of the bar chatting with coworkers before we finally decided to leave. I find it ridiculous especially being that I am a local and also work in the service industry. If you are busy I could completely understand but to be doing absolutely nothing while a guest sits and waits for service that they never get, completely unacceptable. If you want to sit hungry and have your time wasted I would suggest attempting to done here.So disappointing. A mainstay on the list of restaurants we frequent in NOLA, Attiki totally let us down last night. We were walk ins, which pretty much everyone is. There was one open table, but the waiter who "greeted" us told us we couldn't sit at. We figured it was because it was set for 6 and we were only 2 people. So we took a seat at the bar to have a drink while we waited until a table opened up, and perhaps consider eating at the bar if things were taking too long.  The bartender totally ignored us after handing us menus. Never came to see what we wanted to drink. She did at one point, stop by to say she'd take an order in a minute. Tick tock tick tock. No go. Then another couple walked in and was seated at the table that we were denied.  At that point, we decided things weren't going to get any better and could perhaps get even worse so we bailed. Bye Attiki. We've crossed you off our list.This has to be one of the best places we have been to in New Orleans! Love everything about it, the people, the drinks, the hookah, and the atmosphere! 
Will definitely be coming back! Ask for Brandon, he is excellent!!Extremely friendly and knowledgable service from our waiter Linden. Great tasting hookah with guava, orange, and mint. The sample platter (especially the kibby) and cheese platter were perfect for four of us to share. Highly recommend.How is it that it's taken me this long to actually go into Attiki? Seems like there have been several times where we linger in front, someone very nice greets us and then we decide to go elsewhere for NO GOOD REASON. What? Why? It makes no sense.
Attiki is loungey where you need it to be, by the bar and back, with tables throughout if you're coming to eat and hookah it up (I don't hookah). They have very nice staff from the person greeting you to the person who brings your drinks and/or food. They have late night food that includes vegan lifesavers like hummus and falafel. They have bubbly by the single serve bottle. And they have gorgeous belly dancers (Don't just IG story them. For god's sake tip them!)
I'm putting Attiki on my FQ rotation. I like it much. The end.Hookah was good but they use insta lite coals though :-/. And you can't blown out the smoke in their hookahs. Really good music (middle eastern, telepop, 90's instrumentals). Food was good also (calamari with the house sauce!). I would explore other hookah bars first. Joelle is awesome though, she'll take care of ya!This was my favorite restaurant experience in NOLA. Great atmosphere, drinks, food, service, decor and view. It was nicely located in the French quarter, kind of hidden but in a good way. The drinks were fairly priced and delicious. The food was AMAZING, a great value for the money. I ordered the red fish entree and it was the best I've ever had. It was HUGE and came with a side which I chose humus- amazing. Served with lots of pita bread! It also came with a huge salad- try their vinaigrette. The venue was open to the streets which was really nice and the ambience was perfect. You could also smoke a hookah which we didn't try because it was $20 but that isn't expensive for 3 hookah flavors. Overall an amazing experience, would defiantly go again! Our waitress was very sweet and knowledgeable about the menu as well as the bar tender who personally came to our table to ask how the drinks were! GREAT PLACE!!I like this place, I don't loooove it. It's in the quarter, so if you are willing to brave the traffic and people and cluster of everything to dine here, this review isn't to stop you. My fiance and I went in after being referred here by some friends, it was the perfect place to stop off and grab a bite (the Steak Fries are great) and puff on some hookah. For dinner, we all ordered different things. The atmosphere is perfect for a hookah bar & cafe in the french quarter. The service was okay. PRO TIP: go after normal lunch time and right before dinner - you'll get to enjoy a little quiet.Aesthetic was nice, food was good, didn't like the paper on the tables, that's about it!Nice spot. Sometimes its crowded and sometimes you luck up and find a few great window seats. I come mostly for the hookah and a simple glass of wine. I once ordered a mixed drink and wasn't too happy, so I stick with what I knowI like the different flavors of hookah they offer.  The bartender I always get is pretty good with mixing things.  I ordered a salad the last time I went....if you're on a diet... this is not the healthiest salad so you might as well get an actual plate.  Delicious regardless just extremely covered in dressing...not a diet salad.  The mixed drinks are good also.  Fairly decent prices. The salad was like $9 but was a huge entree plate. I've always been during the week so it's very quiet and relaxing.  Buddha bar type music playing.  Great ambiance.I understand the no outside drink policy but they kept us waiting for no reason just to get the manager's approval for letting us sit outside and keep one drink (a party of 5)... bad service, don't care about customers.I will preface this with I have quite a bit of experience with hookah bars and Mediterranean food. :) 
Here are the pros:
Very nicely prepared hookah, replaced coals frequently and the gentleman who helped us was quite knowledgeable. This makes a difference if you don't want harsh or burned tobacco.
Reasonable selection of food
Great music
Great location
Not super busy
The cons:
I have certainly had better Mediterranean food or Middle Eastern food. The meat dishes are OK and the yogurts are good but everything else was a bit blah. 
The waiter forgot about our drinks many times. Drinks, silverware etc.
Poor selection of alcohol and they kept running out
I would go back for the hookah and to hang with friends.My biggest problem with NOLA was lack of drinkable coffee. I would have gladly paid twenty bucks for a cup of decent coffee. Attiki had excellent Turkish coffee. Beer selection was a bit limited, but food was good. Pleasant decor and quick service were a plus.Caliana's terrible/lazy service is the reason for this review. She was rude from the moment we walked in. Greeted us about 10 minutes after sitting. Brought my drinks about 10-15 minutes after ordering every time and the second time slammed my drink down and apologized for the wait as if I was at fault. When she went to change the coals on our hooka she dropped one and got coal embers all over me. And when other servers came over to ask if I was okay she said "oh she's fine." The worst part is she got auto gratuity on our visit, which is probably the reason for the awful service. Will not be back and do not recommend.The place had a good vibe. Will the bartender was great!  The hookah is amazing! Overall good experience.We arrived in New Orleans at 8:30 pm the night before Jazz Fest and were famished by the time we started walking toward the French Quarter after checking into the hotel. We stopped at one of the places fairly close to the Warehouse District end of the French Quarter, a Mediterranean bar and grill called Attiki. The host said he and his sister, who works the kitchen creating everything from scratch, run the place, and said we had to try it. 
Although I like Mediterranean food, it wasn't exactly what we were looking for in New Orleans, but definitely ended up being a good experience. There was a blues guitarist performing in the smallish bar/restaurant, and a very friendly bartender/waitress got us some tasty special drinks. We ordered a falafel sandwich, a chicken shawarma and a side of taboulleh, and everything was very fresh and fantastic! 
Based on the time it took for our food, we figured the sister was actually preparing everything from scratch, but definitely worth the wait. Most likely, we were the first people to order food for a while, as it was already 10:30 pm, so we quickly forgave the delay and devoured our delicious meals.Not my fave for Greek/ Mediterranean. But, in NOLA Beggers can't be choosers when looking for non buttered non fried food. Greek salad was ok (add honey or sugar to the dressing to take the acid level down).These people know hookah!! I'm visiting from ohio, and I go to ALOT of hookah bars around the country and this is one of the best! They last long and taste great!! They're very very knowledgeable! It might take a few minutes to get your hookah out because they are in back making it perfect for you! They won't serve it if they won't smoke it! Our waitress spent time actually talking to us, no little chit chat, real conversations! They know how to make you feel comfortable ! We got an appetizer Tomato Buffalo (sp) it was to die for!! They get busier as the night goes on but they try very hard to be attentive you and your parties needs! They have a belly dancer on Friday and Saturday nights and offer a free henna tattoo with a purchase of $10 or more (food or beverages) every third Thursday of the month! If you're in town looking for good food, good drinks, great hookah, and great service, this is the place for you to go!Worst ever hookah ... don't come here for a good hookah ... especially if u r used to good places ...Our waitress overall was attentive and helpful however for the restaurant and management itself would get  zero stars if possible. It's not hard to give valuable customer service (especially if it's a slow night) and after working in the restaurant industry I can personally say my family and I will never be back.I've been here a couple of times, but, after my last visit, I'm grading them down on the basis of their Bloody Mary.  I came for the Bloody Mary I remembered, but got something different.  
I have come to New Orleans and always been able to purchase a $5.00, big Bloody Mary with a great garnish.  Not this time.  I ordered the drink I remembered, but it cost more, was half the size, and had no garnish at all!  That's right!  No garnish at all!  How can you serve a Bloody Mary with no garnish?  None of the olives, limes, lemons, celery, pickled string beans, or pickled okra I remembered.  
Fortunately, the falafel is still good, and the hot sauce is the best in the Quarter, but, darn, that drink was a total let down.  I am so sad...So it's a Hookah bar with drinks and food. A couple in our party likes to Hookah so we stopped here, wanted to sit outside and the 4 of us who don't Hookah were going to order drinks and maybe food. The Hookah guys ordered their Hookah and then the waiter told us that his manager was going to make him charge the additional people the additional pipe fee per person, because we wanted to sit at the table with the hookah. Basically they wanted us to pay for the Hookah even though we're weren't going to partake in it because our business in drinks and food wasn't good enough for them. So our Hookah guys finished while we stood at the corner and waited on them and we took our $400 dinner business somewhere else.Decent place. Not amazing. Not bad. We had a poor experience though. We wanted food so I motioned for her at the same time another table did and told her to take care of them first (at this point we had only been there for maybe 15 minutes but were thinking about ordering some food). She never came over to us after. We thought maybe she forgot so I got her attention again, she brought us a menu and we asked if they could help us with the coals because we weren't experts with it (I understand a lot of people do this part themselves but it's also something they should swing by and check in on and take care of if need be) she said that someone would come by to help us. She never came by to get a food order and no one ever came back to check on the hookah. We realized soon after that she was simply ignoring and avoiding us and had other things she thought were more important. 
The hookah lasted for about 15 minutes but then started to make us cough as soon as we pulled in smoke.
Seems like this place is a decent spot to try but can be hit or miss depending on the time you go and the wait staffMade a reservation sat at our table for 40 minutes unsure of who out sever was. No one came to even give us a menu. That sound hard considering it's a tiny place. The belly dancer lazily shook around for tips to be tucked into her costume. extremely disappointed.My husband and I came here for a date night (kind of a big deal when you have a toddler), and we had an absolutely phenomenal experience. When we entered, the place was PACKED. Eric at the host stand let us know that there would be a wait. We weren't in any rush, which was nice. He was able to actually seat us quickly, and then personally took care of us. We were truly grateful for his kindness, and it only got better from there. We absolutely loved the food (beef schwarma and beef kabobs), and it was our first time trying hookah. Eric was so patient with us, and helped explain the process, and we had an absolutely phenomenal experience. We also met Shawn (Sean?), who was really nice and kind...doing a great job taking care of guests, and I also noticed that Junior was doing an amazing job keeping such a busy place clean (he also found someone's cell phone that they didn't realize they dropped on the floor). This was my second time at Attiki and my husband's first, and we'll definitely be back. I'd recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good food, a fun time, and a great customer service experience.If you love hookahs and Mediterranean food, you must visit this place. I am a huge hookah smoker and their hookahs were super smooth. I loved it. Food was delicious and full of flavors. We ordered their family samplers, which was $26 per person. Hummus and pita bread was delicious. They give you warm pita breads, and that's my favorite part about Mediterranean food. Chicken was also flavorful and cooked to perfection. Drinks were amazing as well. I will be coming back to this place if I ever visit New Orleans again.The best!  The food is authentic.  The hookah is perfect, not a cheap smoke  for tourists ( even though we are visitors) but MYA hookahs and quality tobacco.  The service is great- with hospitable staff and a great atmosphere.  Diana and Gaby make you feel  like an guest in their home.  Thank you for your hospitality and kindness!  Hope to visit again soon!  Thanks again!  Teresa and Jorge...horrible hummus + friendly staff = not going again
So we came here on a whim because we wanted a place that could serve two vegetarians and two meat eaters.  It was freezing and they wouldn't close the door even though we asked.  The hummus we ordered for the table was just bad.  There are usually levels of hummus from ok to great and this was just bad.  
I got the veggie wrap with wasn't bad but it wasn't great either.  My friends were not thrilled with their food either especially the falafel.  The waiter was really nice but he wouldn't entice me to go back again.  
Skip itWe had falafel, beef kebob and gyros wraps. Also the grilled tuna salad, Haloumi and foul. Everything was great. The service was wonderful. And the $6 glass of Segura Vidas bubbly was perfect. Nice calm music, too.  Oh, though no outside seating, the front is open allowing for the breeze.this restaurant was fantastic. had such a good time. the server Josh did great.
we will likely become regularsThe rose is a terrible flavor here. 
The lemon was delicious.
Great place to wind down after a night out! :)Stopped in on a quiet/slow night. Service, ambience and food were all good. I had beef kabobs with vegetables and a side Greek salad w no cheese. The vegetables were the highlight but the meat was good too. I wouldn't rush to go back but it was a decent meal for a good price (less than $20).I highly recommend going here if you're looking for a hookah bar in town.  Was here on vacation with my fiance for a few days and came Here twice.  The hookah was Great And the staff was just as good.  Moe was our server he was very attentive and always checking our coals and making sure things were okay, he's the reason we had to make a second trip there.Located right across from the House of Blues. Real nice restaurant with AMAZING food. Reasonably priced. Waiter/bartender was great and I highly recommend going to this place. The tabouleh is on point!Great hangout. Lots of locals. Good place for tourists to chill and people watch. The watermelon-mint was our personal favorite!Ordered the mazze appetizer and combination platter entree. Delicious! The shish was great, excellent mashed potatoes, wonderful hummus, buffala, etc. More than enough for two people to eat. Really friendly service as well.We love this place!  Great food and awesome service.  This is the best place for for Peruvian dishes wine and hookah.Horrible Service and Ridiculous Policies, Ive been to some of the most elegant restaurants Los Angeles has to offer! I have never heard I could not be seated until everyone in my party arrived!!! Also when the restaurant was pretty darn empty... So seat me somewhere and when my party arrives reseat me again??? And that's their policy???!!! Ridiculous!!! Two of us made it first and were dealt that hand, so we left!!!! And your establishment just missed out on a party of 7 for dinner and drinks!!!! Dummies!!! I had to make sure I let my true "YELPERS" know about this place!!!Favorite place for me and hubby to go for hookah. Usually have good service and drinks. Laid back atmosphere and Food is tasty.Found this place near out hotel while we were in town for the Running of the Bulls. I cannot rate Attiki from the hooka side since we only ate the food. My girlfriend and I had the Fetta and fried cheese for appetizers. I ended up going back the next day and had the Fetta for a light lunch - it was that good. I also had the chicken shawarma wrap - it was pretty good. I would eat it again, but I cannot say it was the best that I've had. So I give the food 4-4.5 stars
The service I would only rate a 3 or 3.5 at best. Service staff does not seemed as concerned with customers eating as much as they are concerned with the hooka smokers or smoking hooka themselves. Most of the night the three of them stood at the back corner of the bar smoking their own hooka while we needed refils, etc. The first night the server forgot to place my entree order and when I got my meal it was lamb instead of chicken. I was a bit annoyed but still went back to give them another shot. Again, the staff is barely on par, but the food is worth it.Horrible place. Do not go here. Service is horrible. After waiting for 40 minutes for at least a menu we got out and left.I was wandering down the street looking for something that wasn't too heavy or too fried for a late lunch. The menu looked good and the atmosphere was cool, so why not. 
Unfortunately, the only person working was the bartender, who was a bit too busy. He was a rad guy and had great music playing, but I'm used to more prompt service, so I was a bit disappointed. Not his fault though. 
The food was good, but nothing to write home about. I had hummus, grape leaf rolls, and a cup of lentil soup. The only thing remarkable was that the lentil soup was blended, which I haven't experienced before. Maybe I'm getting spoiled with all the house-made pita and flathead in Dallas, but either way I was a little disappointed at having store-bought pita.
Overall, it was inexpensive, tasty enough, and friendly. Would eat there again if I was walking by, but wouldn't make it a destination.When I lived in New Orleans, I probably came here about once a month. 1. For the hookah. 2. For the food. 3. Atmosphere. My friends really enjoy hookah so we decided to check it out and we were pleased with our first experience so we kept coming back. They have a good variety of flavors for hookah and you can mix and match to make your own combo. I personally like to mix raspberry and mint. The other good thing about this place is that it has large floor to ceiling window/doors on the front that were open every time I went so the place didn't get packed with smoke.  
It's a pretty laid back place so if you are stopping in because you are in a rush, plan on waiting a little. It's pretty good food but,I wouldn't say it's the  best Mediterranean in NOLA but its serves its purpose. Usually I get the falafel app to start and the lebneh (which is actually REALLY good here) shared the kabob with another person, and the chicken was well seasoned and grilled perfectly, not dry at all. Soft shell crab dinner was good and also the gyro was made well. They have a full bar, my wine glass was always pretty full when it was served to me. Had a couple of their special martinis once and they tasted pretty good. 
Definitely come here for the hookah if that's what you are into. The food and drink are a plus if you want to make a night out of it.I honestly really liked this place.... It's not as big inside but I enjoyed the food as well as the hookah... Service was super slow as we went on a Saturday night at about 830 and left about 1130 and there was one guy waiter... Shortly after another guy came in and the hostess began to help bc they were getting really busy and a line was developing outside. All in all, the one waiter kept his cool even though it took him a while to get to is but he was apologetic and extremely friendly. Good hangout spot... Kind of remixed me of the old hookah spot on Frenchmen minus the good music. Will definitely visit again.... Oh & if less than 5 people gratuity is still included... I had maybe 4 Beautifuls and that was a $16 drink, no biggie bc as always they are good! Have fun if u go!We ran across this in the middle of French Quarter. Great food and service! We ordered the falafel appetizer and chicken shawarma, both were excellent! The lentil soup was my personal fave for veggies. Our server Valerie was super sweet and accommodating. Not sure why the reviews are mixed but we loved it here!Great place. I love to go with my boyfriend or friends for a chilled night out. Raspberry strawberry mix Hookah, expresso martini, their delicious hummus and cheap but filling chicken shwarma are my classic choices when visiting Attiki. I love that this place is right across from the HOB so i can grab a quick cheap bite and strong drinks before or after the show. Great place to stop by after a long stroll around the quarter shopping too!This place is amazing. I ordered the chicken shawarma which came with two sides, I chose hummus and steamed vegetables. The whole meal was fantastic. My friend ordered the salmon and said it was the best salmon she'd had in a very long time. They have a nice selection of beers on tap. Highly recommend!!!i would agree with andrea b. on this one.  despite mixed reviews, i've had better greek food.
let's start with the ambience: basically, it's a dark bar in the french quarter that happens to offer hookah pipes and greek food.  when we first walked by, i wasn't even sure if this was a greek restaurant.
the service: our waiter was attentive but very SLOW despite the fact that it wasn't that busy.  he also wasn't that friendly.
the food: we started with calamari.  it was OK, but it came with mozzarella cheese on top.  is this a new orleans thing?  we also had some gyros and shawarma; just average.
if you are looking for greek food in the french quarter, this is the place since i don't believe there are any other options.We stopped in for drinks and a snack. What a delightful place!!! Food was great and Conrad made some awesome drinks. He provided great info about New Orleans in addition to the libations. 
We will go back.Good but too expensive, of course the location is what probably made it so expensive.  It was nice.  The staff were not too friendly.Everyone looked like they were having fun at this bar... hookah at your table? You can have it! Food while Hookah, that's available... check it out.Im writing with five stars because we smoked hookah alone. It was really smooth and enjoyable! My boyfriend and i came in after having dinner at Acme oyster house (amazing) knowing that we just wanted to smoke at a hookah bar. If you're going in for that reason then 10 out of 10! Cant report on the food though. We had such a nice time!Great service!!
Awesome hookha!!!
Delicious food!!!
You combine all that with reasonable prices you get a place i would go all the time.Very good spot & not outrageously priced for where they are. Good flavor selection & music is just right noise level. Staff was helpful & made a good bowl. 
They have outside seating as well. Perfect for people watching given the location. Also was a perfect evening to sit outside.This is the best hookah I've ever had! G was the server and she was soooo friendly and sweet. She actually let us know the difference between the two hookah choices (dragon hookah burns longer). She was very attentive and made sure we had the best experience possible. We mixed ours with 4 different flavors; strawberry, kiwi, pineapple and honey. It was amazing. I could have puffed on that all night! It wasn't very busy when I went but the longer we sat the more other customers had arrived. It wasn't far from our hotel so we were able to relax and not worry about getting too lost. If I ever come back to New Orleans I'll stop by again.Attiki is a great find in the New Orleans French Quarter. It's close enough to all of the action that it's an easy walk, but it far enough off the main Bourbon Street area that the drunken herds won't be likely to wander in.
We happened to stop in around 4pm, so we basically had the place to ourselves.
The greek food was excellent! Loved the shawarma & gyro. Both were quite good. Definitely a gem!If I could give no stars I would. The waitress was sweet, but slow. She never offered to refill our wine. The hummus was delicious. The rice was plain. The beef was tough enough to last the winter on the feet of a Appalachian mountain climber. What really made this a bad experience was the owner. When I was asked how my food was I was honest, and he acted pissed off! No one removed my unwanted leather, and I wasn't offered anything more. They took the beef off our bill, but given the option I would've paid and had chicken instead.I love this place they have good service, good food and good hookah. But the music is literally the worst. They play the oldest and corniest dance music around, it ruins the vibe every time. Britney Spears, Lady Gaga and Carly Rae Jepsen, Demi Lovato and Miley Cyrus, if you're into that then come here.We stopped by a little past noon to find the place still locked up and dark. As we were leaving, a bearded little red-haired fellow came out and informed us that they weren't open yet because "his" kitchen staff decided not to show up. I told him it was no problem, and that we were just looking to enjoy a hookah and maybe a drink, but he blew us off and rushed down the street. 
We walked around for an hour or so & came back to find the same irritable little ginger unlocking and opening the outside doors. When I asked if they were open now, he said that his staff had "finally" showed up but they still weren't ready. When I asked if he had any idea when, he just said "nope" without looking up and went back inside. 
Now, I'm not expecting 5-star service in the French Quarter the morning after Halloween, but if a potential customer expecting you to be open during your posted business hours is such an annoyance, maybe you should find a new job, perhaps as a Leprechaun street performer where you can set your own hours and not have to rely on a lazy staff who doesn't show up in the morning.Very solid establishment. Consistently good food, service, drinks and hookah. The ambience is nice - my only qualm is the music. Wish they would play some RnB/Hip Hop/Top 40. I've been twice; one night on a Thursday and once on a Saturday. Both nights had different music. One night was Mediterranean vibes and the other was an interesting mix of something like Top 40 Mediterranean? Idk. Again, I enjoy this spot but better music would make me more of a regular.  After all, I did brave the FQ to come .Recently tried Attiki for the first time recently with some friends who were in from out-of-town.  It was late, and we were hungry, and had heard good things about the place.  Boy, were we disappointed!
The food was alright, if overpriced.  If you want good Mediterranean food, try Mona's or Lebanon's Cafe, not Attiki.  The atmosphere was just awful.  There were unpainted patches in the drywall.  The music was so loud (and terrible) that we might has well have been eating at a daquiri shop on Bourbon Street.  Even shouting it was hard to hear one another. When we complained to the staff, and then the owner, we were told that the other patrons had requested the volume be turned up, even though everyone else in the establishment looked equally miserable.
The only reason I am giving two, rather than one star, is that the staff was friendly (if harried), and the food was o.k.  I will not, however, return to Attiki, nor would I EVER recommend it to anyone else.Location and decor was nice, went in on a Wednesday night and it was pretty quiet. Drinks were decent, the hookah was stronger than what I am used to but it was pretty good.Awesome laid back spot with great food, legit hookahs, and friendly device. We had  the calamari, hummus, an some of the best gyros I've had in a while. They cut the meat perfectly thin, which is hard to find. We had the spider monkey flavored hookah and it was outstanding. Topped it off with some tea and we were set. Great prices too.Loved my  bartender Joelle the food was good and our drinks were strong. We had hookah that was pretty tasty. There was one belly dancer and she was pretty good. I thoroughly enjoyed my experienceGood food , good service ! 
But we were there for my sisters birthday & forgot her gifts under the table . We went back to get them & a few gifts were missing out of the bags . when we questioned the staff they went in the back & found that the workers who found them had stolen out of the bag and had tge gifts in the back. They still didn't give us all that was in the bags though! How wrong is that ?? We had a party of 9 people & spent alot of $ in there and in return we were stolen from! I will never go back there again!Some coworkers and I ate Attiki for lunch last Wednesday and had a horrible experience. Our waitress was unfriendly and not very helpful.  She told us we couldn't order from the lunch menu because it was only offered on Monday or Friday and she charged us gratuity at a table for three.  I've been to Attiki several times and know that lunch is offered Monday THROUGH Friday during a specific time.  Although the music was good, my coworkers and I will not be returning. I recommend Halal Brothers on St. Charles if you want friendly service and a good atmosphere.We loved everything about this place. Service was great, food - excellent, hookah - very smooth. I highly recommend.Nice ambience, great food, beef shwarma is great. My second time here, and both times did not disappoint...Came here for a pit stop from all the walking. Ordered a hookah and drinks. Service was great. Brought out waters without even asking. Drinks were strong. Just like I like it and from the looks of it the hookah was good as well. No complaints"Belly dance" hookah blend = Mixed fruit, piña colada & pineapple flavored tobacco. Scrumptious smokiness! I dined on an appetizer only, so this is a somewhat limited review.
The stuffed grape leaves were not cold (yaaaay)! The leaves were tender and nicely stuffed with rice and other spices. The accompanying yogurt sauce was fresh and flavorful. A great evening on their cozy couch! I'll be back!!Lovely spot.  Great food and excellent service. Really nice people. My new favorite place in New Orleans.A nice break from the usual NO french quarter fare; reasonably priced for lunch.This is one of my two favorite hookah bars in the city. I prefer Attiki because of the really good and an authentic tasting menu. They also have pretty good shisha options. There's all the classic plus special house blends that are top secret. I recommend the Frottie loops if you're going for something light and purple haze if you're more daring. They offer ice, juice and even milk to add in the bowl but I always go with ice because ..... really milk/ juice wtf?!? The only the downside was the music selection. It went from Spanish to unknown and awkward pop. & they said they can't do changes even though they use Pandora. Nonetheless it's great place to go with a group & really romantic for a date. If you're going on the weekend get there early because it packs up fast.this was my first time visiting new orleans & hookah is a big deal where i live so i looked up places here. i went to attika every night that we stayed. the hummus with grilled chicken is great! also a must try is the alredo fries such a good combinationFirst time in NOLA and my friend took me here to smoke some hookah and grab a quick drink. Loved the environment! Had the spidermonkey flavor tobacco and it was delicious. Also had a mojito which wasn't too shabby. Service was good (wasn't busy though). I will be back!Decent food. Vegan options. Not the most beautiful atmosphere in New Orleans , but decent. 
I had the vegetarian wrap and ate innards only - 
My husband ate soft shell crab with crawfish. 
Large portions!Uber generous portions. Greek salad was a little too sour for my taste, but the gyro came with an amazing side of chili fries.Ordered Uber Eats from here a few times. Food is tasty, relatively inexpensive, and comes quick. It's located right in the French Quarter and perfect for a quick bite. I'd say the flavors are a new spin on typical halal/Mediterranean dishes. I've had the falafel wrap, vegetarian grape leaves, the salmon, chicken fries, chicken wrap, and halloumi cheese. I would definitely recommend any of those dishes. I've passed by the restaurant a few times as well and it looks good. Will dine-in soon.The ambiance is lovely and the service is impeccable!! I have come on nights with belly dancing lots of fun! It is a most visit!Love love love this place. If you're considering it just do it. Must stop if you're in the area. On my recent twice to Nola I visited twice because it's that awesome. Had the chance to try more food - the mezze platter, chicken sandwich and burger. All amazing. Not to mention the atmosphere. So fun and chill at the same time. Tasty hookah and great drinks. I need this place in sdThis place rocks! They offer a wide array of hookah flavors, which you can get mixed together. The fruity pebbles and pomegranate are great! You can get milk based, wine based, etc. The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable! The food is great. We ordered the falafels and hummus-both were fabulous! The belly dancers at this joint are fun and happy! If you're in the Quarter and like hookah this is a MUST go to spot, you won't regret it!My wife and I dined here a few months back, Dont remember what we had, but I remember is was awesome.food is great, but the hookahisabit bothersomeHad hookah here on out trip to New Orleans ! It was great ! Bartender was also so friendly and suggest other great places to do in NOLA!Nice food:, had the babaganough, a veggie sandwich and a large glass of tempranillo. Bill $21.I really wish I could remember the name of the younger guy that waited on us when we went in to smoke hookah because he was fantastic! I true customer service connoisseur. He was friendly and made really helpful suggestions when it came to selecting flavors for our hookah. 
The hookah itself was really yummy and fairly priced. The wine was kind of cheap, but I didn't expect this place to have a great wine selection anyway. The hummus was really good.
The belly dancer was friendly and gave us a mini lesson while we were there. 
This is a unique spot and I would definitely come back and suggest it to friends.Visited Attiki Bar and Grill when I was in town for a conference. Very friendly service (thanks Sean!) and I ordered a Greek salad with chicken shawarma which did not disappoint. Excellent value and a healthy meal which was hard to find in this area!Yes! We loved Attiki during our most recent trip to Nola. Tucked away in the quarter we enjoyed some delish salads, spreads, and sandwiches. This was such a nice break from all the cream based seafood we'd been having elsewhere. 
Our server seemed a little frantic at first, perhaps a little understaffed, but she pulled it together and served us flawlessly. We split a few bottles of wine and just relaxed for a couple hours off the bourbon strip. After our meal we stayed and smoked hookah for about 30 minutes and just had a pleasant evening all around. 
If you're on the hunt for something other than "creole/ Cajun" in the quarter then definitely swing by Attiki!I went on a weekday so I can't speak for weekends, but the atmosphere was super chill. It wasn't crowded with tourists as the French Quarter can sometimes be. The hookah was good quality and at an average price. The food was delicious. I had the fried calamari and chicken schwarma. So delicious! The bartender gave great customer service and served delicious drink. Easily a new favorite.I'm from sunny California!!! This place has amazing services with good strong hookahs!! I came twice on my stay here in the French Quarters!!! Corey my server tonight was so helpful and HONEST!! which I appreciate! Guava & Mint is what we ordered! Good mix and hit strong. Trust my review!!!! Want a chill night cap come here!!! You won't be disappointed!!!I constantly go to hookah bars in Cali, trying new places and new flavors, but if you're ever in New Orleans this is the place to hit up. The drinks, the people, the ambience, and most of all the HOOKAH! Amazing! We had a great time!Came here to enjoy a lovely evening and it was everything I was looking for. Sirene our waitress was so lovely, elegant, and professional. She was attentive and sweet our entire visit. I love this hookah bar and will definitely come back next time I visit New Orleans.This place is really good! The ambience and music was fantastic! The hookah flavor suggested by the waiter was great. I definitely recommend this restaurant.I wish I could add more stars.
I don't usually eat in the French Quarter. I can't stand fried greasy food, and honestly most of the service down here is atrocious. I can assure you that Attiki is a GEM among the ruins of New Orleans Hospitality. 
Before we even get to the food (which oh, we will get to), let's start with Johnny. Johnny is the best server I have ever had in my life, and I've lived in three cities. I feel like I'm visiting with a friend when I walk in and he's here -- a friend who knows me well enough that when I need to be left alone, I'm left alone, and when I need something he's *on* it. With a smile. I don't think the man knows what a bad day is, bless him.
Shawn, one of the managers, is also wonderful. I left my phone charger here one day, and he actually walked to my job down the street to bring it to me.
As for the food: I am a snob when it comes to mediterranean food. The tabouli is second to none. The baba is fabulous, the lebnah is to die for, the lentil soup made me gasp, the TEA oh my gosh the TEA! Rosewater and pine nuts: the sexiest non-alcoholic drink I've ever had. The grilled vegetables are my favorite. They've got more food than what I'm talking about here (really REALLY beautiful plates), but I've not tried it because I fell in love with what I've already found.
Seriously. This place is amazing. Seriously.Bar top was covered in debris or crumbs? Falafel was burnt, dry, flavorless. Hummus was ok but not as good as Mona's. Also - falafel is $6.95 here and $4.50 at Mona's...Hands down the best experience of our trip to New Orleans during this very busy All Star/Mardi Gras weekend. Syrene made our night exceptional! She made sure we had everything we needed and was very friendly! The ambiance is exceptional; very relaxing and exactly what we needed after the crowds on Bourbon Street. I look forward to coming in again next time we are in the city. I just wish LA had Hookah lounges as nice as this! They all need a Syrene!!! Thanks Syrene!! Hope to see you next time we come!Lamb gyro and chicken ceasar salad on a windy night. Took a chance on the place by comparing the menu to 3 others on Uber Eats and was blown away. Great portion size, price, and most important flavor. LOOKING FORWARD To dining in!Comfortable atmosphere. We ended our evening with relaxing hookah. Spider monkey was great. Service was good. Couch was a little old. Lost  its fluff.Has the best quality Mediterranean food in the French Quarter and it is not that expensive. I remember I treated four people, including myself to dinner and the bill was only like 47 $. That is a great deal for four people to eat good quality food. Other types of Med. food in the Quarter are dirty and poorly made and not worth it. Also the place is chill and relaxing and the staff  are not rude and unpleasant like most restaurants in the quarter.I was disappointed my last visit there. The first time I went, the music was great, the hookah was the best, and the atmosphere was perfect. This last time I was there, the belly dancer went home and the music was terrible. We asked for grape hookah and ended up with grape blend. These are two totally different flavors. They offered to give us a different flavor for $10 extra. Also, the tip was already figured for us as a party of 2. Our waitress did not do 4.00 worth of work by bringing us the hookah and charcoal.As someone who has lived with Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food all her life, I know when to judge a good beef shawarma when I taste one. As someone who has been to the middle east and seen what a chill, typical go-to spot looks like, I know one when I'm there. Attiki is nothing short of great service, a superb selection of the best Mediterranean dishes, and a one-of-a-kind atmosphere you can't find anywhere else in N'awlins. 
Upon arriving at 230 Decatur street, you will be greeted with vast French doors and you will be met with a smiling face welcoming you. The owner of the joint, Diana, can often be found sitting in her 'spot' at the bar- off to the back near the kitchen, yet close enough where she can always have an eye on all of the commotion, and be there in case something calls for her assistance.
If you are a vegetarian, this is a great place to try, simply because there are a wide variety of choices for you; there's the hummus, the baba gannoush (no kissing afterwords!), the tabbouli, the falafel, and definitely try the tomato mozzarella salad--you won't be disappointed. 
Obviously, Attiki is a BAR, and at a bar, people smoke. Sure, your cigarettes and cigars are welcome, but if you really want to try something different, that won't leave you smelling like an over-worked, under-appreciated grunge worker, with too much on his mind, try the Hookah for a change! The hookah is a Middle Eastern past time, usually used for social gatherings, although most households own at least one. Used with flavored tobacco, a piece of aluminum foil, and charcoal, it lasts way longer than a cigarette, and will taste way better too! There are several flavors to choose from- ranging from your basic apple, to mint, to lemon mint--if you want a specific flavor, just ask, and hopefully they'll have it!
On Friday and Saturday nights, the atmosphere gets even more authentic with a belly dancer- and don't be afraid to get up and dance with her (most people are shy, but those who step up get a standing ovation), The music is great--usually you can hear typical Arabic hits, and sometimes they'll throw in a Shakira smash as well.
If you live in the area, Attiki is definitely a great place to make friends. Speaking for myself, I've made a couple of good friends there. My husband and I go there enough, we should have our names engraved on the chairs at the bar. 
All in all, if you are looking for a different place to go, something that's not Cajun, Creole, or in any way 'Southern,' then try Attiki, and tell them Amal sent you.This is my favorite place I went to on my recent vacation to nola. even though its not very new Orleans-y. We only had hookah, hummus and drinks but the hummus was the best I've had. The Saints game was on so the hookah was only 15 dollars and it lasted us 2 for the 3 hours we were there. They also have free jello shots when the Saints score a touch down, so lucky us they played a good game and we ended up with at least 5 free jello shots. I got the caramel apple martini and the server added salt which made it easier to drink. I also got the cucumber margarita with added watermelon and it was great and refreshing. All the employees who helped us were wonderful and great customer service. The prices are reasonable especially the deals that were going on during the game.Really fantastic spot for lunch! Service was fast and attentive & food is delicious and reasonably priced - what more could you ask from a FQ restaurant?! The salad with house dressing was delicious (although the dressing is very heavy on the oil, FYI). I ordered one of the lunch items - gyros, tzatziki, and hummus - it was perfect! I'll definitely be back!!Excellent service by Zachary who offered great suggestions and the food was amazing! ! Thank you! !Brought a group of 15 here for lunch with no reservation.  The staff was able to accommodate without any problems.   Wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  Food came out quick and was excellent.....  no complaints from anyone in our party!   Good job Attiki.Attiki Bar and Grill is like a Mediterranean hidden gem! My friend and I are originally from the Middle East and the food we ordered was as authentic as it gets. 
For appetizers, we ordered the hummus plate and halloumi cheese plate. We were skeptical but the hummus was fresh and delicious and came with crushed jalapeno on top (delicious!) The Halloumi cheese plate was SO good.. we ordered another one!
For our entree, we got a chicken shawarma. My friend devoured it and she said, "This is the best chicken shawarma I've ever had in the United States" -- which is saying a lot! I had a bowl of lentil soup and it was made really well too.
We also got a Kiwi Mint hookah. They were out of a lot of flavors we asked for but the Kiwi Mint was pretty good. Hookah was a 3.5/4 but the fact that we got to sit by the windows and enjoy New Orleans night with some hookah made it worthwhile. 
Great food, good hookah, and good service made it an enjoyable dining experience! Thank you, Attiki.If I could give zero stars,  I would. I posted the same info in the Tips section. Went to this place w/a reservation but it was a SLOW night,  3 occupied tables. Waitress took a while to come to the table,  then we waited 25 min after she took our order for drinks and appetizers we never received. Waitstaff was hanging out at the end of the bar. We looked right at our waitress,  who did not notice that we had nothing but water on the table. Just to see how bad the service was,  we stuck around a little while longer but the waitress never came back to the table. The food might have been good,  but we never found out. Off the list permanently.
Oh...we were the only people (2 of us) in the entire place who had ordered any food. Everyone else just had hookah and drinks. And, as I mentioned, it was a slow night...maybe 8 other people total in the place. Where was our effing food and iced tea?Mid way through our long night in the New Orleans streets, we decided to find some hookah and take a break from walking around the area. We were on our way to a further out hookah destination but we caught a bike driver and he escorted us to this cool location. The whole front of this bar is neatly opened (so you can see inside the whole inside from the street) which is really cool and it gives you a glimpse of the inside atmosphere. Immediately upon walking up, the hostess (who reminded me of Charlie Weber, from the show How to Get Away with Murder) greeted us and took us to our seats. He initially placed us at a table but I asked could we sit at a couch and he had no problem relocating us.  After having a seat and reviewing the menu we decided to order some hookah, drinks, and food. Our waiter was very nice and took care of our every need. I am not sure of the drink I ordered but I know it was on their specialty menu and it was rum based (I had to send it back and ask the bartender to make it a little sweeter for me, which he did with no issue). Our hookah was good and our coal was changed out by our waiter without us having to make a request. For food I ordered the hummus appetizer and the lamb gyro. Both items were really good. Also, while we were there around 11:30-12ish on a Friday night there was a belly dancer there. Every few minutes or so she would come out to a song and try to get the crowd hype. I got pulled up on the floor to dance with her, which was actually pretty fun! They get a four because when I got home from my trip, I checked my credit card statement and noticed they charged me twice! Thank goodness my credit card company took it off. Also, it was not pointed out to me but the waiter tip amount is already included in your total but the receipt had an additional line for an additional tip! So they totally tried to get me three time! Other than the check issues, this place provides a nice looking restaurant, with a fun atmosphere, good food, good drinks, and good music-- I totally enjoyed.my friend and i was looking for a great place to sit down and have a bottle  of wine i live down the street from this place and never been their and I'm gad i did go to share that bottle of wine with her cause it made us really talk about how we felt until gun shots went off down the street and scared the shit out of her.I really enjoy going here... It gives off a laid back lounge feel... Each time I've gone my server was extremely friendly & helpful. Not to mention, I tend to order drinks most bartenders have to google the ingredients for but the bartender here every time has been efficient & knowledgeable about what liquors to include. Each time they've been yummy. The food is also tasty & I love their veggies. I've had their wraps, steak, kabobs and each time I've been pleased. The hookah is very good especially with the servers being right on time to change the coal and answer any questions you may have about the flavors. Great spot for friends or you & that special someone!I don't try the food. Just the hookah. I know my hookah, coming from NYC I have been to so many crappy hookah bars I was a little skeptical about trying on in NOLA. It was amazing! Best I have had in a long time. I got the summer breeze with there 'dragon head'. Smooth and not harsh at all.One of my favorite hooka spots. Love the belly dancer. The food is so so, but not bad.The food here was AMAZING but the service was FREAKING TERRIBLE. Would go back just for the food, however. Just don't expect any semblance of respect, customer service, or manners.If you're looking for a non-touristy place to eat, this place is an excellent choice! We had a gyro and a chicken shwarma. They have wine, which is great since most places only have beer and liquor. Classy place with good food. The hookah isn't bad either!   Service was wonderful.Very much enjoyed hanging at this hookah lounge during our Mardi Gras adventures. Staff is super friendly and the hookah was very delicious. Definitely will be back.Need to put on menu that gratuity is added on the bill because the waitress we had didn't do anything. She barely came to checked on us. Someone else brought us our hookah. It was a nice vibe but the waitress just stayed in the backThe tabouli almost like home! Fouad aka Junior is extremely friendly and makes damn sure we are happy!Nice, chill hookah spot right around the corner from Canal Street and walking distance from a lot of the hotels. If you're looking for a relaxing spot without too much commotion (which needless to say can be difficult downtown) this I the spot for you. I have it four stars for the prices. While not outrageous, they certainly are not competitive with a single flavor costing $25.My husband and I visited here just over a year ago late one evening while visiting NOLA. I sought it out again with a group of 7 in tow. The hookahs are about average price ($20) and the drinks are reasonable for the venue and this part of town. Only one person in our party got food, calamari. The sauce with it was tasty, the calamari was light and fluffy sprinkled with feta. However, the food was room temperature at best. Our waitress messed up our separate checks, but we were able to rectify it amongst ourselves thanks to technology (Cash app).I have come to Attiki for about 4 years & have loved the service & people since most of them I've worked with previously (I've worked in service industry for 6) or have come to know & love. However, I went on a sunny Tuesday, & was treated terrible. The bartender, acting as the hostess was not only snarky but ambivalent. There were three of us & one of my friends forgot her ID. We live down the street, so to us, we didn't think of it as a big deal, she just wouldn't drink or would walk back to get her ID. But the acting hostess was unkind & insinuated we were not welcome. We left without provocation; but I've never been so offended & will ensure that my clientele & the rest of my friends who frequent this bar do not come on this particular bartenders shift.Lovely spot. Friendly service. Tasty food. Excellent desserts. Fabulous Turkish coffee. Reasonably pricedIt's my first night in NOLA, I'm new to the city, it's a Monday, and I need a restaurant that's vegetarian friendly, casual, and cost effective... what does my Yelp! app find for me? Attiki Bar & Grill! 
My family and I absolutely fell in love with this place. It was very chill and calm, perfect for a Monday night. There was another group eating, 2 other groups smoking hookah, and a drinker at the bar; that left the rest of the place spacious but cozy. The bartender was also our waiter. He was so so so nice and helpful.
We started out with an order of Tabullah (tabbouleh) and Fried Calamari. I loved the tabbouleh, super fresh and light, but full of flavor. It was more lemon-y than I've had in the past, that's definitely what made this my most favorite tabbouleh ever. It came with big lettuce leafs, but our server brought out bread upon request. This pita bread was super fresh and soft, but a little toasty on the outside from the butter. Delicious. I didn't try the calamari (no meat for me) but my family devoured it with "mmmm"s and "ahhhh"s.
I ordered the falafel wrap as my entree and substituted the fries for hummus. Oh man I can't tell you how great this sandwich was. I even did a little happy food dance in my chair. Definitely goes into my list of best falafel ever. Not only was this sandwich delicious, it was super filling and very affordable. I really loved the hummus too!
I can't think of one single thing to complain about. Everyone was overly happy with their food, we all loved the atmosphere, service was kind and courteous, and prices were right on point.Music extremely loud. The music was overbearing. . The table was situated by ATM, had to move every time someone needed to use the ATM. Extremely dark. Couldn't see menu or anything else for that matter. Wouldn't advise anyone to go on a sat. I've been to this restaurant several time, it's better during the day or may on another night.Did a takeout for attiki burger. When asked if the meat is halal, the person who took the order didn't know and had to confirm it with someone else and verbalized of it being halal. The portion was huge, however, lacked the taste I was hoping for. It could have been seasoned a bit more and could have been more juicier. It did not have any dressings on it and only ketchup on the side, which came with the fries. If mayo or something else would have been there, it could have compensated for the dryness of the meat. Overall, okay, but not something I would be returning for. Also, not a place for family with kids to go to. Lots of alcohol around and some fights going on as well.We got here just before the rush, but Rolla (I apologize if that's not how it's spelled) managed to provide 5 star service even while running around as it got busy. I had the Mediterranean punch and the gyro entree with veggies and the rice with pine nuts. My friend and I also split a hummus. Everything was delicious. Rolla even suggested we try a hookah blend that she smokes personally and that was equally amazing. I'm definitely coming back on a Friday or Saturday when they belly dancers put on a show and I'll be requesting the same server!After reading the great reviews here a friend and I decided to try this place tonight, and proceded to receive the absolute worst service either of us have ever had at a restaurant. First time in my life I haven't left a tip. It was THAT BAD. I actually just created this Yelp account so I could share my experience. 
We got there around 7pm. Almost every table was full, but it seemed the only employees in the place were the hostess and bartender. We were seated right away and ordered a hookah and appetizer (grape leaves). The hookah came immediately. The grape leaves did not, but I noticed no one else had food either so I thought maybe the kitchen was slammed. That's okay, I wasn't very hungry and didn't mind waiting.
My friend and I smoked the hookah (very nice, I will admit) and chatted. The waiter/bartender came back around and we ordered a martini and a glass of Riesling. When he left our table I checked the time and realized 40 minutes had passed since we first ordered our appetizer (and since he had visited our table). I planned to ask him about it when he came back with our drinks. Problem was, he NEVER came back with our drinks. 
I started watching him get drinks for other people, clean glasses behind the bar, and talk to the actual waiter and waitress who had just arrived. After another 20 minutes had passed he came back to our table and asked if everything was alright. I responded, "Actually no, we ordered an appetizer an hour ago and drinks 20 minutes ago and have received neither." He said, "Can you remind me of your order?" I started telling him we had ordered grape leaves when he interrupted with, "Oh right, and two dirty martinis" and started walking away. I had to stop him to say no, we actually had not ordered that at all! 
At this point, after having been essentially ignored for an hour and having TWO DIFFERENT ORDERS forgotten, we decided to give up on the place and leave. I'm glad so many others seem to have great experiences at Attiki, but I will never ever go there again.I wish I could give this place less than one star. We ordered fillet mignon and combo platter. The mignon was cold and so was the platter. It is very very obvious that this food was precooked and warmed up in the microwave. How can grilled food be cold? The food was of very poor quality. We are afraid we might get sick. Please avoid this place at all cost!!!!!!I stumbled into this spot after an, albeit heavy, night of drinking on Bourbon Street. They were almost closed but welcomed me in and made me a delicious hookah. It was packed wonderfully, burned smoothly, and was very flavorful. The manager and her husband were very sweet and even gave my friend a slice of cheesecake for her birthday. As with most things in the Quarter a bit on the expensive side but definitely worthwhile checking out.Great place, great vibe. I go often for lunch (the lunch specials are bomb.com). Food comes out quickly during that time of day as well.Was in NOLA visiting a friend. Our group actually went here 2 nights in a row.
Loved the hummus and pita bread A LOT! It was just soo flavorful. The calamari was delish as well and so were the dipping sauces. The first night I got a shawarma and it was good but HUGE! Since we were on our way out after dinner we couldn't take it to go, I was literally full off of less than half of the shawarma!!
The belly dancer seemed a little cheesy, cheap and not authentic at all! She's a little unnecessary in my opnion!Great unexpected find right next to the Marriott!!! Me and my wife went twice in 2 days!!My wife and I had hookah and a drink here last night and again today. (Hookah addicts). Great little spot for good hookah and drinks. I only give them 4 stars because my beer last night from draft wasn't too cold. 
Overall service was great. Bartender was personable. Would be my go to spot when I come back to visit NO.The staff here are SO nice! I eat mostly Asian and Mediterranean food, so I frequent Attiki, especially later in the evening after cocktails with friends. It's to the point where I come in and they know what beer and food I want, chat up, etc. If you come on a night when the belly dancer is here, she is also amazing and her music gives you all the life you need.
The food here is amazing. Some of the best domas I've had, delicious hummus, refreshing peppery salad, and the chicken kebab is to die for. 
Great...now I'm hungry. See you soon, Attiki!Wonderful atmosphere. Great people. The hummus is smooth and flavorful. A chill joint for some late night Greek in the Quarter.I go here every trip to NOLA to get some healthy delicious  food. Everything is great and service is super friendly. Highly recommend if you're not into southern foodThis place used to be great a few years ago. Tonight I had a horrible experience with my friends and I hate that I recommended that we meet here. We were charged additional fees for our friends simply sitting at our table. They did not smoke or order with our waitress, they made and paid for all their purchases at the bar yet we were charged for 5 additional people two of whom never sat at our table. Absolutely horrible experience with Zeyna as our server. After speaking to three different people and being yelled at by our waitress, we resolved the pricing issue with a manager. However in retrospect, none of it really matters because I WILL NEVER COME BACK TO THIS PLACE.My delivery was 20 minutes earlier than estimated! The food was fabulous! The best falafel I have ever tasted and fried to perfection. The hummus was seasoned well and a nice creamy consistency. This place is going on my go to list. Kudos!Hookah was excellent. Service was on par! A talented belly dancer came out at 10ish and danced a couple of songs! Nice chilled out place with a full barGreat atmosphere, friendly service and a good place to hang out with friends. Whether you're just wanna do hookah with different flavors which is cool or to just eat, we had roasted lamb and fried soft shell crab and both were seasoned well and delicious. We will definitely go back if we're in the French Quarter area.If I could give this place 0 stars I would. I'm a regular I've been going to this place for the past 4 years, I worked at a bar up the street from it all through college and probably went there ever night during undergrad. I've visit a lot less frequently lately but nonetheless I would still consider myself I regular because I make it there at least 2-3 times a month for girls night. Recently I had a very young waitress that is definitely new, long story short she ended up slamming my checkbook down because I pointed out it took 2 hours for her to bring me an appetizer, when it wasn't busy. I was a cocktail server for many years so I know more than likely she forgot and had to put it in when I pointed it out. I ended up calling her a bitch, not the greatest moment, I'm a grown woman I should call anyone a bitch especially not a little girl struggling to remember orders. Needless to say I left and totally forgot about the incident, until many weeks later I tried to return to the bar for girls night and they said I couldn't enter until I apologized to the young girl. I honestly didn't remember the altercation but I agreed to apologize, I can admit when I'm wrong and I agree it's not okay to call people bitches even when they're acting like one. But this girl never came to me so I could apologize and because I had to wait to apologize before enter I ended up leaving because yeah why would I wait for that. Fast forward to this past Friday I'm sitting down outside smoking hookah with my friends when the door man says hey go apologize to her she's inside, not only did she not look me in the face she herself refused to apologize for slamming her book down on my table. This goes beyond the customer is always right, this is about treating a loyal customer of four years better than a new waitress of 4 months. I live uptown there are plenty of hookah bars closer to my house than this one, I genuinely liked the atmosphere and the people of atiki but they treat their customers like this? Yeah not worth the driveExcellent falafel, hummus and shrimp entre. Service was slow but very friendly and fun.Great food, and helpful staff. The hookah options were a little pricy but lots of fun. This is a great spot for a long dinner with drinks. We had the chicken platters and loved the steamed vegetables-- yum!I came here after having it being recommended by a local hotel bartender.
My shish kabob came out looking like 4 turds with a pile of mashed potatoes in the middle -- which was was the only warm thing.
My friends had the shrimp pasta and chicken kabob. All served cold and way overcooked.
The waiter couldn't of cared less about service and just stumbled around. First time in a while that we left a $1 tip. This place is garbage! Seriously, don't eat here.The family and I stopped in here after a morning at the Aquarium.  We were in the mood for some mediterranean and the Attiki Bar and Grill was a short walk.   
There were not many people in the restaurant at lunch, but the service and food were excellent.
The hummus appetizer came with warm flat bread.  I thought the gyro was delicous.  My son had the beef shawarma and my wife had a veggie wrap.  All of the dishes were hot and fresh and the price was very reasonable too.I love Attiki!
They have a great bar with excellent service, Hookah is all you cans smoke for $13 and the food is really good and at a very fair price.
A great place to sit at the bar and hang with a few friends.我嘗試了雞肉沙威瑪，附餐可以選兩樣：沙拉或是飯；我附餐都點沙拉，當附餐送到時，哇！真是滿滿的生菜大平台，份量無敵大。沙威瑪很棒，不會過鹹，即使不配飯也好吃，同行的中東朋友點評，雖然不是很道地，但是美味可口。大部分的顧客在抽水煙以及喝酒。這餐廳的地點很棒，熱鬧但是不吵雜。Uh..they have free Wi-Fi.  I repeat they have free Wi-Fi...that has a lot of value to me as apparently that is hard to find in this city (I've been looking).  
Beyond that food is very good (I only had calamari to base that on but it was delicious).  And staff very friendly.  
I have to admit I'm use to getting my free wi-fi over coffee but I like the change...Wi-Fi with a side of beer?  Yes please.Ate here for a second time this past Mardi Gras. It was Sunday nite during the Baccus parade. The wait was minimal, the service was good, and the food was outstanding. Had the soft shell crab on pita. The place is a little small for multiple large groups, but could accomadate one or two. Everyone there was having a good time. The hookah is a bonusNormally, I prefer relaxing while smoking hookah. If you come on a world, you won't be able to relax. This place gets packed! Belly dancers weekend nights. Service is still good even when they're busy. It can get pricey as I was not a cheap date on my own. Otherwise, food is good and so is the Hookah.I've been a fan since 2009!  Great food hookah, and atmosphere.  The employees are great.  Owner is present and cares about her business, something I like to see having worked in the restaurant business a long time.
Food is great; awesome burgers for a great price.  You can't go wrong with the shawarma wraps, humus, fried calamari.
Drinks are average price for the area (a bit high) but they do offer specials and SIN night!This was the first restaurant I ate at while in NOLA. Never did I imagine such Amazingly Wonderful Mediterranean food could be in Louisiana!! 
The joint itself, is cozy, dark and smokey. But smokey in a suttle way, the aromas from the different hookahs around the room, were actually quite nice. It had a laid back feel, rustic genie in a bottle mixed with Old New Orleans style. They had on some chill down tempo house music and would spice it up a little with some Arabic music throughout the night. 
 From the moment of walking into the joint we had nothing but great attentive service from our bartender. He was on top of his game, and poured a killer Basil Lemon Martini! Those martini's were very crisp and refreshing, I drank about 3, they were that good!!
For our Dinner we split an appetizer of their Pita with some kinda spicy salsa sauce on it. I don't recall what it was called , but it definitely had a kick! It was yummy, the pita was fresh , hot and goood! We split the chicken kabob plate! Very tasty, very moist chicken, I didn't know it could be that chocked full of flavor and not dried out. The rice was even good! Not like the Mediterranean rices Ive had here in Cali, but it was good. it wasn't instant , so that's good!!
The owner of the bar/restaurant was in that night, and I got the chance to meet her. A very nice lady, she created the entire menu herself, so props to her for having Great "Different" food in New Orleans! And again, props to our kickass Bartender, Jared I believe was his name! Next time I'm back in NOLA, I will definitely be at your restaurant again!Try the fruity pebbles mix with a Hennessey filter. It was amazing. We didn't try the food but the great thing is it is open until 4 am. We stopped by to wind down for the night. The staff was also super friendly and made sure we were comfortable. If you want to sit on the couch though, it requires 6 people :( That's my only gripe.I was at the restaurant tonight and everything was outstanding! I was enjoying myself until I saw an altercation with the doorman and some people at the door. I listened closely as these girls insulted him over his weight for not allowing one specific girl in for apparently cursing out staff on a previous occation for not allowing her to bring in food and outside alcoholic drinks to the place. I then vividly  remembered I was also there at that incident. It was so coincidental to be here again tonight with same girls showing the same disgusting behavior as before. I am appalled at how they treated that guy at the door just for doing his job and to see him still be courteous and respectful to them after all was said and down just blew my mine! The staff handled themselves with such professionalism that if I could add more stars to this review I would.We gotta give it 5 stars stars. They got this waiter name MOE, he is a must have for waiters. He came to our table like every 5 minute checking on us. This dude is the best waiter I've ever had. This was on a busy Friday night too, he talked to us and he just felt like family. This is our second time coming here, We highly recommend asking for MOE, I will be coming back here for sureI absolutely love this place because 
1. It's in a great location 
2. The food is always fresh and tasty 
3. It's affordable 
4. You can enjoy hooka
5. The food is halal friendly 
I was dying for some meat and decided to try this place at the recommendation of my hubby. I had the chicken shawarma on the one occasion and the beef burger on another. Both was yummy!! This might just become my regular spot.Since my first visit to NOLA Attiki has been my most visited place.  I live here now and still go all the time.  They make a great Raspberry truffle martini, and I love, love, love their grape leaves.   The food is a little pricey for me, but I haven't found something I dislike.  Make sure you request the House Bread! They don't bring it automatically  and it's so delish.  It's a pita topped with some sort of chile sauce.  The service is friendly, and I always enjoy their hookahs.  Saturday nights it gets pretty loud while they have the belly dancer.This was on my list for our trip. It would have been 5 stars except for their ability to accommodate a party of 10. It was a walk-in and not reservations. However, It was not busy and I really felt they could have pushes the two tables together without the pillar in the middle separating the tables and blocking the ability to be a group. They wanted to split the check between the two tables and have two servers, but we were picking up the tab and really felt this wasn't going to work out. The restaurant made the right decision the have one server and one check. 
We ordered calamari, hummus, falafel, vegetarian grape leaf rolls, tiramisu, and a round of Turkish coffee. We declined the suggestion of getting the sampler plater because it would only leave a few things per item instead of everyone being able to try each item. We cut everything in half and everyone was able to have a great experience. 
Our other half of the table ordered a hookah. It smelled good. 
Staff was extremely friendly and attentive to our table. The food was delicious and all enjoyed it. The ambiance was relaxing. We enjoyed the music and the open floor to ceiling doors opened to the NOLA street. 
I'd recommend figuring out how to seat a larger table. The huge pillar between the tables made it awkward to share family style, as these friend are our family and we felt very separate. 
This was my favorite restaurant on our trip.Great Hookah bar!!! Food is amazing! Do the appetizer sampler platter. Try the apricot coconut mint hookah. Val is an amazing server. Def try this place!Sara is amazing!  Beautiful drinks and great hookah. Laura with New Orleans Henna hooked us up with some beautiful complimentary pieces. 5 stars all day and all night!Attiki is an unassuming little restuarant right across the street from the House of Blues in New Orleans.  We went there for lunch today and had a very enjoyable experience.  The grape leaves appetizer was a perfect way to start.  One of us had the beef skewer and I had the chicken skewer.  They both came with some great homemade hummus, warm pita, rice and a decent salad.  For value and quality down here in the midst of tourist junk, this place is a goldmine.  Quick, attentive service and good people watching spot too.  Thoroughly enjoyed it.  Kitchen also open late, I believe until 1 am.  Good beer / wine selection if that's what you're looking to do as well.
Thanks Attiki......will definitely be back!I wish I could leave 0 stars. I was just here today and they would not serve me because apparently I drank water too fast which was a sign that I was not severable. FYI it's 99 degrees here. We have been walking outside all day. I was thirsty. Who are you to judge me on my water intake?. They also said because I said the word 'fucked up' I could not be served. We had just experienced a fight on bourbon street and I was describing it to the girls in my group who did not witness it first hand. I offered to walk a straight line or to do a breathalyzer (literally had 2 drinks prior to coming here) and they refused. I swear on my dogs life (animal lovers you know this is legit or you hate me for swearing on my dog but just trying to get my point across) was not drunk yet they refused to serve me. As my friends and I left the establishment we asked to speak to a manager and the bartender responded that he was the manager. We spoke to a local outside and she mentioned that he was not the manager and what they did was messed up. I'm writing here to let you know that this place will make you feel like a total outcast. 
Honestly just don't bother. They discriminate for no reason. We showed our New York Ids and then I was singled out for being 'too drunk'. Give me a break. 
Mind you: nobody was driving in our party, nobody had more than 2 drinks prior to arriving at this bar, it was 99+ degrees outside, and I wanted some goddamn water. 
Honestly I never write a bad review. I felt insulted and embarrassed. I refuse to feel the way they made me feel. Save yourself the money and just smoke hookah somewhere else!Stopped for hookah and drinks.  Both were great and the service was on point.  Will come backRudest service I have ever received not only in New Orleans but in US. The lady who seemed to be an owner/manager was just outright rude. I couldn't believe that she kept interrupting our order, making condescending comments about our order and making racist jokes with no respect. Not to mention the "old fashion" had an inch of water on top. Personally I am shocked they are still I business with such unacceptable service.Cool atmosphere, huge wine and beer selection. Tables on the sidewalk so you can watch the sideshow that is New Orleans. Food is great and inexpensive (as are the drinks). Staff is very friendly, helpful and responsive. A very pleasurable experience. Highly recommended.The menu looked pretty tasty, but our meal was just average.  I had the seared tuna salad, and the other person in my party had the falafel lunch plate.  My tuna was too salty, and the salad was covered in a dressing that was sweeter than my taste.  The restaurant does have a cool concept though-- a bar, a decent meal selection, and hookah.  An added bonus- the service was great!!Here is an update to my previous reviews.
We got into town hungry, and found the dish we wanted was no longer served where we found it last.  So, since we were close enough to walk, we went to Attiki.  Again, it was a good choice.
For starters, we got as good a Bloody Mary as you will find in New Orleans for $5.  Additionally, the waiter gave us all kinds of inside information about the upcoming festival, and was very attentive to our every need.  That, however, was not the best part.  The best part was the food.  
Now, we like Mona's down on Frenchman Street for Middle Eastern food, too, but this place has just moved into the top spot.  It's cleaner, closer to the action, and they have everything you need to satisfy your falafel hunger.  
We got there a little late for lunch, so we could not order a combo plate.  We had to order our dinner off the appetizer menu, and I am glad we did.  We spent about the same amount of money, but we only got what we wanted - falafel, hummus, and baba ganouj - (everyone spells it differently, but the spelling isn't as important as the taste).  The falafel were perfect, and served with a yogurt sauce that had dill pickles in it.  Yummy!  The hummus was smooth, creamy, and perfectly seasoned.  The baba ganouj was excellent, too.  All served with pita bread that was a light and fresh as any I'd ever eaten.  The meal was divine!  
When in New Orleans, you need to find this place.  It's not far from Bourbon Street, and it's not far from Cafe Du Monde.  Get over there and have some of the best middle eastern food you will ever eat anywhere, and, while you are there, have a Bloody Mary.  I guarantee you will thank me for writing this review, and yourself for reading it.  Attiki will not be New Orlean's best kept secret for long.I feel like I've been giving out five star ratings all throughout NOLA. Between wandering the streets and picking out places based off Yelp reviews, I've made some pretty good decisions thus far. Attiki Bar & Grill included. 
I went on a Friday evening, maybe around 8 and was seated by our server Jo. What a sweetheart! I ordered hummus (yum), strawberry basil lemonade (alcohol but not too strong), and the summer breeze hookah. 
This was my first time coming across a hookah spot that could add alcohol into the hookah. Yes, you heard correct. Pay like $5 and have alcohol of your choice added. The summer breeze hookah is a sweet tasting flavor so I added rum to top it off. Jo recommended adding milk to the hookah (also never heard of this) to make it more smooth. 
So wish I could pack up Attiki bar and bring it back to Baltimore with me.Wonderful place with great atmosphere, drinks and food. Very reasonable prices. A great variety of hookah options too for those interested in trying that.I was walking around the French Quarter and found this place, this is the best hookah bar that I ever seen and been to and I've been to many.
I don't reviews on Yelp bit this place was so good that I couldn't leave it without writing one.
The staff is very friendly and they serve one hell of a hookah my server was Eric and he is really nice and kept checking my table every 5 minutes to if I needed something and if I was enjoying my time there.
I've been here twice during my three days visit and I enjoyed every second I spent here.
They even have belly dancing on Fridays and Saturdays.
This is a must visit place if you want to drink and enjoy a belly dancing show or if you want to smoke hookah, drink and enjoy the show.
I ordered a margarita, watermelon and mint hookah and it wad amazing.
This is my new favorite spot in the French Quarter.
Words can't really describe how satisfied I'm with this place but numbers certainly can
100/10Hookah and food were good. Staff was friendly and personable. The music did make me want to sleep a little. My fav dish was the hummus.Good hookah and even better Paella. Its the best I've had and i seek out good Paella. The Calamari had a good taste but small and more batter than calamari. Again good drinks and good hookah. The only place i smoke hookah at in New Orleans.I'm from Nashville, Tn, a FREQUENT traveler, and I visited this place with friends on March 4th in the mid afternoon. ALL BAD! We were not greeted and the young men working there were certainly not friendly. We seated ourselves and then let a waiter know that we had two other friends coming. The least he could have done was asked if we wanted drinks or offered some....he failed to do that. We sat there for damn near 25-30 minutes and noone paid us any attention. Four people walked in maybe 20 minutes after we did, were seated, and they got serviced before we did!!!!  I complained to a gentleman standing behind the bar and informed him of how long us ladies had been sitting there and the fact that people were served before we were. All I received was a dry "I'm sorry."  We decided to leave and soon as we did, we got attention. The same guy who gave us menus suddenly recognized our presence and offered service twice!! Dude really?!?! After 25 minutes you appear??? Not only that....the place isn't as "elaborate" as the pictures posted. There was a filthy couch and chair a few feet from where we were sitting. They could either stand a good cleaning or better yet throw them in the trash. I always write reviews on restuarants, places to shop etc. and hardly give or write real bad reviews. Unfortunately this place SUCKED! Will not return!While out and about on Frenchmen St, my friends and I were in the mood to chill at a hookah spot so one of them did a search of what was near by. Attiki showed up on her radar do we decided to check it out. Once we made our way there (of course we stopped at every shop along the way because everything is a sight to see in NOLA) we took a seat at a table large enough for our large group and were greeted by the bartender. He came over and explained the vast menu of shisha and drinks over for us. Of course I had to be the difficult one and I requested a pomergranate mule which he happily made! We ordered the "Fruity Pebbles" and "WhooDat" hookah....we added mint to the latter which was a great addition. We originally wanted the couch lounge area but there was a group there. Once they left, the bartender let us move to the lounge area.  Attiki has a really relaxing vibe; dim lighting, smooth music and chill patrons. It was very serene. We ordered a round of drinks and 2 hookahs and only spent $22 each! What a sweet deal for a fun late afternoon with the dolls! Its definitely a hidden gem!Fabulous!  Wide range of Mediterranean Cuisine.  It was all wonderful.  If I had to pick my favorites it would be the grape leaf told and Baklava paired with Turkish Coffee.  Service was exceptional!  Thanks from Texas!The appetizers are good, we got the sharing plate with the grape leaves, hummus, baba, yogurt, etc. it was enough to share with 4 people. My husband and I shared the chicken shawarma dinner with hummus and rice. It wasn't the best shawarma I've had, but it was decent. My father in law got a side of fries with his meal, and I was really looking forward to having a few because the pictures I saw of them on yelp looked homemade. These, however, were not. The atmosphere is really cool, love the mood. There's hookah as well and a little tiny lounge area. I really enjoyed the feel of the place more than the food, but will be coming back here to try something else since they have plenty of menu options.Oh, where to begin. I guess I just had high hopes for this place. I've been to many a Mediterranean restaurant and the website (and some Yelp reviews) make this place look so promising. 
I had a few big problems with this place. First thing I noticed was the lack of ambiance. I expect a Mediterranean restaurant to have that sort of Mediterranean feel, which this place did not. I take away one star for the decor. Second, our waiter was AWFUL! Friendly and accurate, sure. But sloooowwwwwwwwww. At one point we were waiting for our check and the guy was standing around watching the game on TV! We waited like that for TEN MINUTES before the boyfriend had to tap him on the shoulder and ask for the check. Give me a break! I forgive slow service when a place is busy but this place was dead. I take away another star for crappy service. The third and final star was taken away because their website advertises belly dancing on Saturday nights. We were there later on a Saturday night (9 or 10ish maybe) and there was no belly dancer to be found. Maybe we missed her but I think that is maybe something the website should advertise! 
As for the food it was pretty alright. Not especially memorable but it was fine. Overpriced, but that's no surprise considering it is the French Quarter after all. I'm sorry Attiki I really wanted to like you but you are just not worth returning to. Maybe if you dress yourself up nice and get better entertainment I'll come back.Go here all the time for some hookah, turkish coffee and yummy drinks! Right across from the house of blues if you happen to be hungry after a show, you won't be disappointedWe went here on the recommendation of our son's friend for a place for coffee and conversation. Very pleasant atmosphere and good Turkish coffee. Did not feel rushed and was exactly what we were looking forDrinks,food,hookah,native music & belly dancers? This place is open til late too?? Great GNO pit stop for me and my ladies, esp since they have hookah. Compared to the other places  we've been too this place is jst right esp with the service too!Service was impeccably great! A guy by the name of junior took care of us and his signature hookah blends are absolutely out of this world. The food and drinks were also on point and I highly recommend this place to everyone!!!The food is amazing! Me and my boyfriend had the shrimp kabob wraps. We had to come back the next day for round 2! Our server was Valerie she was super nice and very knowledgeable of the menu. The hookah was great.. I have no complaints. Great ambiance. 5 stars well deserved.Was on vacation in New Orleans and decided to visit This hookah lounge for some football and drinks and a little bit of hooker the customer service was good the place was clean the hookah was good I have no complaintsExtremely nice staff- vegan friendly. Compared to Mona's, Attiki's is better- the food tastes fresher and cleaner.Great food & wonderful service :) loved the hookah so so good was in town & saw this place had to try it definitely recommend it... If your a hookah lover :)I love Attiki. The service is great and the hookahs are better . The dysfunction hookah is the best . No choking and a smooth taste .Great atmosphere and helpful staff. Lots of hookah flavors and belly dancing on the weekends. Food is a plus. I recommend the hummus with pita as it is a good snack. Fully stocked bar so you get everything all in one place. Definitely recommend.A fun place. Good  taboulleh, tzaziki and chocolate cake. Chicken Shwarmma was dry and cold. Dolmades was bland. Service was spotty. Won't return based in food and service.Considering my bf is a huge hookah connoisseur, we were here a couple of times during our trip. It was very different in experience every time. 
Service: Really hit or miss, the male bartenders really left a bad impression on us. They were not helpful, overwhelmed by having a total of 6 people at the restaurant. In short, our experience would've been better if we did not interact with them.  Waitresses were super nice and friendly!
Food: Really good!! It is a great break from all the heavy fried meals in the FQ. 
Hookah: First 2 times were good, flavor was spot on. Although the second time we went in for hookah our waiter said they ran out of mint and watermelon. Third hookah experience, the bowl was overpacked and the tobacco burned easily. 
Music: Such a variety, it really depends on who is in charge of the pandora station that day. One night was hip hop, classical, and indie/alternative. I didn't mind the variance in music, we are in NOLA after all.Ate here for a quick lunch, but was service was longer than I expected.  For the appetizer, I had the buffalo cheese/tomato salad.  It was unexpectedly a warm appetizer, but was good.  For the entree, I had the chicken kabob and it was average.  The chicken was a bit dry and there was nothing surprising about the dish.  The hummus was a little sweet and not the best hummus I've had.I'm addicted to the chicken artichoke pasta. I get it weekly and it's also on uber eats! The labneh is really good also- the hummus eh not my style.Very coooollll place in New Orleans. We got drinks and hookah here. Wish I could remember the waiters name but she was lit. She even let us play our own music!Random stop when walking around NOLA. The food was delicious but the drink menu stole the show. It included non-alcoholic versions for the kids or those who don't partake. Easily a gem for those looking for a change of pace from the traditional New Orleans themed eateries. The bill was a pleasant experience with a well priced menu. Easy recommendation to locals and visitors.Attiki is the best mediterranean food in NOLA, and with some new staff hires, this place has gone from awesome to... Uh, what's better than awesome? Awesome-er? Yeah. That. I sat at the bar last night and I was served by a tall, VERY attractive bartender who really knows how to make a drink! Very attentive, great service, and their lovely new eye candy are but just a few reasons in a list of many why I will be coming back more and more.Visited here Halloween night. Our table was picked best dressed so got free Hookah, and it was delish. Food too!Great spot! Would highly recommend going here for a chill night out. Great food, great cocktails, and great hookah. Customer service was excellent as well.Great hookah bar. Came with a bunch of my friends and we all had a good time. The two hookahs we got were pretty good. The cocktails are amazing. We ordered some humus to share and friends ordered some dinner. We are all satisfied with the food and drinks. The service os average as the server mixed up the order for drinks and food multiple times. Overall a good experience in NOLA.Great place to visit no matter if it's a midday lunch break for a quick hookah and grilled Salmon, or even a after work Martini. This place is perfect for all occasions if you looking for a late night vibe like  belly dancing and Henna Attiki bar is the perfect place for you. If I sound a commercial ad that's because I'm a regular there so come out and have a drink with me. 
B-Nice