I finally got a chance to visit Auction House Market. I went to Alpha, a traditional modern Mediterranean eatery. Everyone needs to try their exciting new concept, the first to be offered anywhere in the Southern United States: Table-side Personal Shawarma. Choices were Chicken Shawarma or Lamb Roast, we chose the Chicken. It comes with feta fries, rice, pita bread and with many other sides, veggies and housemade sauces. 
It serves 2-4 people, possibly more. This Chicken Shawarma was incredible!! Packed with Mediterranean spices, great smokey flavor. Everything was phenomenal!!!! Will definitely go back to try the lamb.Great variety of food. Never disappointed with my order. Service is great, and area is clean.Trendy decor, clean. Lots of vendors to choose from. Bar to grab drinks. Convenient location in the CBD.
Food was pretty darn good. Empanadas were delicious (beef bourgignon and crawfish etouffee).
People say that for the price you can get larger portions elsewhere or tastier food. While I don't disagree, I would say that you are also paying for the location and the decor and that's just how it is. But I would also say that it's definitely worth checking out if you're in the areaI had read that this was a new food hall worth trying it. So, we came by since it was a short walk from our hotel, probably around 15 minutes. It's a lot smaller than the other food halls/markets I have been in other cities like LA and Chicago. Regardless, it has it's own quirky charm. Each store serves very unique things. I admit, I am SO sad that I didn't read earlier reviews about the jasmine rose boba. I LOVE jasmine rose tea. URGH. Go try it out since I probably won't be able to for a while. Instead, R got a beer from the bar and I got the crudo from the oyster bar. It's really cute and even though there wasn't a lot of people during the late afternoons, I think later in the evening, it would be packed. Definitely a place checking out, if not for the food, then the interior desire. Very IG-worthy.This hipster modern food court has a similar concept as Boston's Eataly, Anaheim's Packing House, Copenhagen's Torvehallerne etc. -- i.e. small and exquisite mini shops that offer a diverse array of cuisines (mostly NoLa cuisine with a healthy bent, but you can also find dosas, bibimpaps, empanadas, ginger lattes etc.) in a beautiful and modern environment. Not only is the atmosphere on point, the food was quite good (I'd particularly recommend the vegetarian empanadas, and next time I want to try the charboiled oysters). Plus, it has a fun location right on gallery row. A stroll along gallery row followed by lunch at Auction House Market is the stuff of lifestyle blogger dreams.The AuctionHouse Market has a uniquely cool environment that is incredibly inviting. While I went there for a quick dinner with family, this would be an awesome spot for a drink after work with coworkers.Easy and a good variety near the convention center, plus a full bar. Had the empanadas and they were really filling for the price!Incredibly trendy, and great if you want to try a bunch of new foods. It's also great with a group of picky eaters who want more than one type of cuisine.I went to Empanola and ordered I was told it would take 15 min to cook the chicken empanada. Ok, I come back in 15 min and I am told they are waiting for the salad that came with my order wait another 10 min and see the lady with the salad so I think yay it is my turn. Nope, she comes back to tell me they ran out of chicken but will put one in for me now. needless to say, I did not have lunch today and will not go back. The nice lady that tried to make it a little better was the only good thing about this whole experience.Cold brew coffee was crazy good! We also had grilled cheese, black bean hummus, & cuban sandwich. All the food was yummy but the coffee was incredible!I got macaroons from Mac Moon & they were delicious.  I got one champagne & one s'mores, and they were tasty.  However, the teas that I tried were too sweet for my taste.  I'd love to try food from some of the other vendors within Auction House Market on a future trip! I loved the decor and the international cuisine that the vendors offered.Unimpressed and underwhelmed. It's noisy. It's expensive considering the portions and lack of service. The ceiling leaked into my purse. The portions are small. The staff doesn't care.Stumbled upon this food hall after reading about it in a food blog. Definitely recommend a visit while in NOLA. Located in an old brick warehouse with a centrally located bar decorated with hanging plants and surrounded by about 10 different vendors. Options included Indian Street Food:Dosa, Empanadas, Hawaiian Poke bowls, Deli, Oysters, Vegetarian meals/hummus plates, coffee bar and gourmet roll ice cream and macaroons. Great place to people watch or strike up a conversation with the friendly locals. Highly recommend you give this place a try!This area needs the food options for sure! Stop in for a drink, app, entree, and dessert all from different stations - all very tasty. If you can't make up your mind, this is a place to try a bit of everything. Fair warning, the prices seem high, but the prices are in line with other restaurants in the area. 
For drinks: 
The Mayhaw bar is my favorite thing about this place because the location is convenient (right in the middle so you can order while you're waiting on your food), the bar is stocked with great options, they offer a Happy Hour, and the bartenders are amazing! They keep up with the crowd even at it's busiest, craft cocktails and all. The wine selection is surprisingly great, too. 
For food, I've tried: 
Mac & Moon - delicious desserts!!! You have to try them!
Elysian Seafood - always full, so you know it's good; I had a special curry dish that was to die for and the Oyster Happy Hour is a must taste.
Aloha Lai - good sushi rolls though slightly pricey and long wait when they weren't busy.I got food posing from some corque monsieur toast from one of the counters. Sadly I won't be returning after this experience. Very pretty atmosphere. Also no soft surface so kind of loud. Family friendly as well...Went there for the first time about 3 weeks ago. A party of three and we all had different things. I had the empanada sampler and it was amazing. The chocolate Nutella empanada is a must try. My wife had a Poke bowl with fresh raw tuna and she loved it. Our dining partner had the charcuterie plate with artisanal cheeses and she raved about it. All in all a big win.I happened to see an advertisement of this place on my Instagram feed and decided to try it. Conveniently located in the warehouse district ( right across the street from the Peche restaurant). There is parking on the street - paid parking. 
Upon entry I was blown away at the decor and vibe. Very modern and super clean. the food vendors are located along the side of the space and a bar located right bang in the middle of the space. The seating is beautiful with marble counter tops and gold chairs! Absolutely stunning. In addition to the great space, there are waiters/servers that pick up your plates and serve you water.(nice touch). 
The food vendors include but are not limited too a :
- Sushi type place that serves poke bowls and sashimi. ( Called "Aloha Lei)
- A sandwich and salad place
- A Mexican style place that serves the most delicious Empanadas! ( Empanola)
- A seafood place that serves fresh seafood (Elysian Seafood)
- A Greek place that serves small plates of humus and pita, etc (Alpha)
- A dessert place that serves delicious macaroons and icecream ( Mac & Moon) 
- A coffee bar - Coast Roast Coffee
- A "create your own" salad type of place 
I managed to go during lunchtime and tried the sandwich place. I had a toasted sarmi with bree cheese and fig jam. It was served with a side of my choice. I decided on the onion, tomato and cucumber salad. The sandwich was delicious and the salad was fresh. What would I change? Next time I order the sandwich I would definitely ask for the fig jam on the side. It made the sandwich a bit too sweet for my liking. I tried a cappuccino from the coffee bar which was really good. Not too strong. 
The market impressed me so much that I took my hubby there the same evening ( Friday evening). I tried the spicy tuna Poke Bowl ( without fruit) and he has the empanada taster plate. This consisted of 3 empanadas of your choice. The empanadas are freshly made so we waited about 15 minutes for it to come out. 
The poke bowl was fresh and tasted amazing! The spice on there was just enough for me and the owner made it specially spicy for me as they didn't have a spicy tuna on the menu. What a GREAT guy! 
The Empanadas - OMG! I still have dreams about them. If you go please try the spinach and artichoke one. Absolutely amazing. 
The trading hours of the market is :
Sun - Thur : 7am - 10pm
Fri-Sat : 7am - 11pm
Lets talk about dessert. I chose 5 macaroons (cookies and cream, pistachio, red velvet, cream brullee and smores flavor). Lets just say...... DELICIOUS!!! 
Do yourself a huge favor and make a turn here to try the delicious food and drinks.An incredible place and very cool concept.  Small, high quality food vendors surround a cool bar.   Have come here twice in two days.  Got great latte, excellent breakfast toast, and great lunch from Alpha.  This spot is new and authentic.   Will keep coming back to try all of the great food purveyors.   You should too.The coolest concept for a food court - so many good choices! Decor is on point with marble tables, gold accents and not to mention all the plants. Bring one to Raleigh NC!Impressive! There are several eateries here with a nice center full service bar. I had the poboy catfish from Elysian, get it. Light and full of flavor! Had the sampler platter from empa Nola, and wish I could try them all now. Flakey buttery crust, with distinct flavors that came from quality ingredients. 
This has a more upscale vibe, but still very casual.I'll start by saying, amazing interior! Well there's that. 
As many of you probably have already read, this place is pretty similar to St. Roch Market. I noticed a few of the same vendors: Empanada, Mayhaw, and Elysian Seafood. So we made a lap around and picked out a couple new ones we wanted to try. 
(Best to least fave)
Mayhaw
Petals to the metal - $12
The description fits this drink perfectly. Sips of pretty pink with a kick from the rum.
Aloha Lei
Ahi Bowl - $19 - Marinated tuna, avocado, spring mix, and orange slices
Nicely flavored but a bit steep on the pricing. Most poke starts around $13 bucks and there's a .50 cent charge for additional sauces... No thanks.
Happy Jaxx
Reuben Toast - $7 - corn beef, swiss cheese, sauerkraut and herbs
This had good flavor, a yummy sauce.... but there wasn't much meat mostly cheese. I would call it grilled swiss cheese topped with corn beef. Also, this is an open faced sandwich.. just one slice a bread. 
Elysian Seafood
Chargrilled & Raw Oysters - $28
Where do I even begin? You can't really mess up on raw oysters right? The raw ones were fine, but one was so small it shouldn't even count as one, the size of a quarter? Chargrilled is a strong no. I know it's not the season for oysters so size maybe smaller than usual, but happens when you  over cook small oysters? EVEN smaller oysters. The flavor just wasn't there for me either. 
Gulf Seafood Ceviche - $8 - Coconut, cucumber, jalapeno, mint
Ah, it sounded good. This was like a pintrest fail, what you're expecting vs what you actually get. It wasn't the worse ceviche I've ever had, but I wouldn't get it again. The app was just very watery and the juice lacked of flavor. Oh, and the restaurant tortilla chips  on the side that was realllll impressive. 
Overall, this place has a variety of places to try, but I haven't really found one that I'm willing to come back to. I would give it another try, but different vendors for sure. I would say it's a great social place to meet a friend to catch up.Lots of options to choose from. The vibe is awesome and the bar is so pretty in the middle of the market. I had a gyro and it was okay. The bread wasn't warm, but the meat was good. I would come back for drinks, but I'm not sure about a whole meal.Fresh and flavorful ingredients, the NOLA bowl at with crawfish at Aloha Lei was a perfect lunch.  A frozen espresso bean  drink from Coast Roast to wash it down was a perfect accompaniment.Been anticipating to come here for months now. When I finally did last night, I was really disappointed. Especially w the service provided by most places. 
Happy Jax guy wasn't so happy. He, by far, had the worst customer service from beginning to end. Food was okay. Salad was really bland, but the salad dressing saved it. No dressing was offered, til I came back up to ask for it.  
The Kati rolls were good, but the meat were kind of dry. Service was okay. 
Crawfish étouffée empanadas were interesting. Flavor was good, but texture of the stuffing was to mushy. Kind of reminded me of those baby foods in a jar. 
The seafood tower we got from Elysian Seafood was okay. Only got to eat 5 of dozen oysters and 3 of the 5 was bad. From there, we just stopped eating it because we did not want to risk getting sick. Shrimp w the sauce was decent. Everything else weren't the freshest or tastiest. They were very friendly and nice though. Greatest customer service of them all.  
If I come back, I intend to try more food and definitely come for drinks in the nice environment.  None of the food had me at hello though, but will definitely give it another shot.loveee this place! super clean,neat and chic. they have seafood/oyster bar., a coffee spot, sushi bar, regular bar, salads & sandwiches. middle eastern food. i got an ahi bowl and hummus/pita bread. lots of options. i would deffinitely come back the bathrooms are amazing tooDelicious. Sit at the bar and eat from any of 6 vendors in the space.  Cheese and charcuterie board. Empanadas were amazing. Roasted oysters and ceviche. Everything was amazing.
Teriffic space too. Not near the tourist areas. The warehouse district is where the locals go.So good we went back twice and tried new things. Great for groups and there is a lot to choose from. Bar in the middle and go around the world with a taste of everything.
I cannot name all the places we ate at in this market, but I can tell you the baked oysters were great, I had Mediterranean food, and everyone else had a variety of things.
My favorite was everything.
We had vegan ice cream, vegan macaroons, and coffee. We ordered 2 of each flavor of macaroons. FYI, macarons are expensive. I spent $80 for two of each flavor.Love the amount of choices that revolve around the airy bar. 
We sat for a couple drinks- delicious, small & expensive.
My date & I got the Seafood Tower from Elysian Seafood- pricey, but lovely! The Cuban Sandwich (don't remember stall) it was good. And the rolled ice cream (vanilla/ pistachio)- perfect!!
Can't wait to go back to try all the things we couldn't the first time!!A fresh gem of healthy, tasty food in a city where the options in this regard can be limited. 
Great atmosphere for breakfast, a day of work or happy hour.Love this place! Nice variety but not overwhelming. Went with a group of 3, so we order a few things and split. Everything was delicious! Love the atmosphere as well :)These open markets with small food vendors are definitely trendy. This is the most upscale such place I've been to, and it looks quite spectacular. You'll spend profusely, but this is the sort of place where you get asked if you want your dosa served folded like a French crepe or rolled in the traditional Indian manner. Your Cajun fusion empanadas will be plated as if you were at some fine dining establishment. It's a food court, not a restaurant, but your table will be cleared promptly, and if you don't buy drinks, the fancy looking water fountain will put out such a forceful squirt their small glasses struggle to handle it.
It is a great location (notably a block from the WWII museum) and a beautiful space. It's a test of how much one is willing to indulge to be paying $30 for a lunch that still might not completely fill you, but this market's appeal seems to have passed that test for me. Indeed, given the paucity of Indian food around here, I may return just for that. North Indian chickpeas on a South Indian dosa is already a sort of stealth fusion dish I haven't seen before, but like seemingly everything here, it had a bit of that New Orleans twist.Dang this place is fantastic.  Just well made imaginative cuisine with friendly young chefs.  The shared space is delightful.  When you hear food court you think of airport collections of fast food venders slightly more imaginative than vending machines.  Here you get a foodie collective where all boats rise in unison.  Great concept and execution.  I planned to explore the cuisine in the neighborhood but I just kept coming back.  Great food, people, variety amidst a small little foodie revolution.Very cute and beautiful market that opened up recently in NOLA. Street parking is required to travel to this trendy place. The place had limited options of vendors to choose from. In my opinion, it is quite pricey for the courses they offer, which were not very unique and memorable. The oysters were very small and overpriced. I also had the empanadas which were decent. However, it took a while to get after ordering on a slow evening. Overall, very charming spot but probably won't come back anytime soon.I would not recommend this place. It is a total rip off. Two drinks and two oyster appetizers and the bill was $64.00....and we hadn't even begun main courses of any kind. Tried twice to get a poke bowl, but the guy was so concentrated on fixing present order, he did not even acknowledge our presence at the counter. We gave up. The pita chips were ok, but the hummus was less than flavorful, while the the accompanying dips were too salty to even eat. I could go on, but enough said. 
Can't believe I chose this place for Mother's Day with my children. There are so  many other wonderful places to eat in this city...........my mistake..it won't happen again. Tourist Trap!I think what I like most about this place is that there is so many food choices, that if you come with a group of people you're bound to find something that everyone will like. It's a casual but very clean and fresh atmosphere, especially if you wanna avoid a stuffy restaurant. Like an upscale food court, with a bar in the middle! Very nawlins.Awesome spot. Has great variety and very posh little food court. I loved the seafood tower and the empanadas! YumThere are quite of few of these "markets" in town now, but this was my first time to this type of food oasis. The space is bright, open and a little loud. The bar is centrally located with the food vendors all around the perimeter. A variety of seating is plentiful throughout. From sandwiches, to Indian street food, local seafood, poke bowls and hand made empanadas you can't go wrong when looking for something new for lunch here. In addition to the aforementioned vendors, there is also a coffee bar and macarons if looking for something a little sweet. Though prices tend to be a little on the high side, many booths offer specials or combination deals which are a little easier on the wallet. Easily a fan.Aesthetics aesthetics aesthetics!! White marble, chrome accents, succulents, and great vibes all around. Was I even in New Orleans? I felt like I was transplanted into Downtown Los Angeles. Or maybe Beverly Hills? Anyways... Street parking only, so come on Sundays if you'd rather spend that parking money on food!
There's so many different vendors here for main dishes, coffee, and desserts. Take a walk around before deciding what to get. My friend and I ended up getting empanadas from Empa Nola and uttapams from Tava. It was a difficult choice because there were sandwiches, crepes, poke, oysters, and so many other yummy options all around. We tried to pick something more unique that we couldn't eat elsewhere, and we made the right choices.
I also had an amazing iced chai from Coast Roast -- not on the big menu posted, but I asked and they had it.
Great place for families, catching up with friends, bringing visitors... so for everything I guess. Again, it's just so beautiful inside I could sit there for hours! Props to whoever designed this place. Will definitely be back to try different vendors and hopefully have room for dessert!As big fans of St. Roch market we were excited to try this place on our visit to New Orleans. It was walking distance from our hotel so we visited a few times. Lots of great options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The bar is in the middle and you have a variety of places to choose from: Greek, seafood, sushi, sandwiches, empanadas, coffee and dessert. We splurged on the half seafood tower and it was awesome! In the morning I tried the ginger latte. It was delicious and not too sweet. This is a great option for a group of people with varying tastes and dietary needs. Everyone can get what they want, it's delicious and the atmosphere is fun!Cool concept, beautiful space. All the food sounded delicious, but I was put off by the prices for what this place is - essentially a food court. We didn't get any food, but got a cafe au lait from Coast Roast, which was wonderful. We left to go to a sit-down restaurant for less money.Absolutely gorgeous new food hall from the folks who started St. Roch Market. The wow factor is there from the moment you walk through the doors.  It's beautifully decorated in white marble, brushed gold wire seating and jungalow style plants dripping from the shelves. Lots of options to choose from in this elevated food court. 
We got coffee from Coast Roast and I had a lovely ginger latte. Empanola was my choice and I had the salmon & leek empanada and a caramelized onion, pecan & blue cheese empanada. Both were delicious! 
We sat at the bar in their burnt orange velvet high chairs, and I was pleasantly surprised to see purse hooks under the bar. :) No detail was over looked. 
The best surprise was a trip to the ladies room with the absolutely fantastic lipstick wall paper 
Will definitely be back to try the other options: Tava (Indian), Happy Jaxx (Salads), Sola Deli, Alpha (Greek), New Orleans Elysian Seafood, Aloha Lei (Poke), Mac & Moon (Macarons) and The Mayhaw bar!Loved this place! Our first time to Nola and we had the chance to try this place out and we loved everything we tried! $5 rose , empanadas , poke bowl and Mediterranean nachos were all delicious and hit the spot! Wait to was perfect! Great place to go with groups who might want different types of food! and the woman's bathroom is beautiful! I would definitely recommend auction house market to anyone who wants to escape the tourist scene and enjoy great food with a great ambiance!Sadly disappointed and I live a block away. First time we went in we ate at the seafood place and the empanada place. The seafood gumbo and shrimp sandwich were terrible. The gumbo was so burnt and the shrimp sandwich was very bland. The service overall is terrible. They act like you are troubling them by ordering. However the girl at the Greek place is very nice. We waited forever for the empanada and the guy forgot our soup and didn't know how to heat it up so we said don't worry about it. Need I remind you nobody was even in there. The empanadas were tasty, but everything is wayyyy overpriced. I'm sad about it because I had high hopes for it because we love going to st roch.Went to get a poke bowl from Aloha, and it was delicious!  Drury and Henry were attentive, and extremely helpful with deciding on menu options.   The atmosphere is clean, friendly, and inviting.  Great experience overall.My empanadas from Empanola (such unique flavors!) and charbroiled oysters from Elysian we're both delicious. Unfortunately the macarons from Mac & Moon were stale :( I went around lunchtime and the place was absolutely packed. I was expecting more of a Union Market (DC) or Eataly kind of space but it's much smaller than those places.  However, there was a wide variety of places to order from, so even picky eaters should be able to find soemthing they like.Cute place. A little more upscale compare to St Roch on St Claude.  Love that we have something like this in warehouse district.  They prob have like 8 different types of vendors - Greek, poke place, seafood, empanadas, salad, sandwich, coffee and macaroon (was not open yet) and a bar in the center of the food hall with some nice seating. Food was OK. Love the decor and the marble like tabletop. Would definitely give it another try.Oh auction house, you're just what I've always dreamed of. They have so many options from apps, entries, desserts. I love this joint. You can't go wrong with ordering lil small plates here. it's perfect for a group dining experience. I feel that one can dress down or dress up and just be here. You feel fancy and relaxed all in one. I'll definitely be going back here and you should too!Had a great vegan experience here!  Was worried there would be limited options but half the vendors had a vegan option!  LOVED the uttapam from Tava- there were two vegan filling choices and they were both delicious and filling.  I was so happy to see vegan macarons from Mac and Moon- they were super tasty and my non-vegan coworkers tried them and agreed they were delicious.  Definitely can't wait to go back!Very cool ambiance, great spot for a date. This place is hustling and bustling with young professionals after work, which makes for a hip spot for people in their 20s to 30s. However, I found that the food was lackluster. I went with a group and we split a sandwich from the deli cart, Bao, and a poke bowl. All were fine--not good. Come for the experience or the drinks, not exclusively for the food.Loved this place! You could eat every meal here. Too many good options! I wish a breakfast vendor opened earlier at 7am when the coffee place opens, but it's otherwise awesome.This place is around the corner from our hotel and I'm so glad we tried it. It's a smart concept. Multiple eateries in one place. We were able to enjoy several types of food at once. The staff was friendly and the decor was simple and cool.The bar serves the best drinks in NO. Maybe it's just the bartender, Tin, but I have never had better cocktails. Sazerac, vieux carre, daquiri, you name it.Auction House Market only opened up 6 weeks ago and I've been about 8 times. Every time I've tried a different restaurant or something new at place I've been to a lot (So far I've returned to SOLA the most). I haven't tried Empa Nola yet but my next visit I'm going to!
I love these markets because you can go with a large group of friends and never disagree on lunch. I've gone with small groups and large groups, and unless you get there early enough to push some tables together, going with a large group is hard because this place is getting popular.
Other than the food and ambiance, I love the bathrooms. The ladies room has lips wallpaper and the men's room has gorgeous green tile (I did not go into the bathroom but my guy friend took a photo for me.
The cocktails are a little expensive but delicious. You don't' come to Auction House to drink a coke and rum. 
Seriously, whether you are into sushi, salads, green foods, sandwiches, empanadas, indian foood, coffee or whatever - Auction House has somehting for you.Actually $$$. Great space and selection. Never been to a nicer food court but actually should be listed as 3 $'s. Very pricey for what you get. The picture is of my Spanish Pork which cost me $17...it was just ok. Similar sentiments from my part on their choices.The new "market" opened by the same folks who run the controversial St. Roch market is really a food court for the millennial rich. The prices of dishes here are up 25% or more from the St. Roch location. At about $20 per entree with tax and tip you could just go across the street and eat way better at the James Beard award winning Peche. This place though beautiful will definitely not be on my list for CBD eating locations.It's beautiful. I was greeted warmly by the smiling woman in the gyro place.
The coffee gal had not heard of a cortado and scalded the milk of the latte. The oyster gals were more interested in talking to each other than in helping me enjoy my meal. No one seems to serve breakfast even though they are open at 7.
It's beautiful inside.Auction House is a very cool environment w/ great bar service and lots of dining options from local vendors. I had the ahi tuna poke bowl, which was one of the best I have had here in New Orleans. They are also dog friendly (if your dog is well behaved and doesn't try to jump/eat off of the tables). The staff is so nice, and the manager even came out to meet my dog. Highly recommend and I will definitely be back!This place is perfect for a large group of varying tastes. There was literally something for everyone here and the dining space is pleasant and clean. It's not too loud not too quiet not too dim not too bright. I've had food from four of the stalls here and every single one was amazing. The Thai is my favorite and the macarons are a close second! I want to go back and try the last of the places before I skip town again lolMy attempt to pick up a gift at Mac and Moon was a failure since the shop did not open till 10am, but I discovered this nice food hall that I wished was within walking distance of my work.  But I work in Boston, so alas, that was not to be.
The Auction House Market had maybe 9 shops encircling the common sitting area.
It was quite nice inside.Stopped in on our walk back from the WWII museum for a quick drink and was pleasantly surprised! So many options for delicious (and fresh) food. The bf went with a fried catfish sandwich and I opted for sushi. Very good, cool ambiance, great for a nice refreshing break.This is a beautiful place to take Instagram pictures. The white marble on all the table tops is very chic!! The super cute and terribly designed system that serves 6 entirely different genres of food are sure to give you a headache and then take laughably long to arrive at your table. The cocktails are great! However, the bartenders act like ordering a drink is the equivalent to killing their dog and the drinks are sure to take an unfathomably long time to show up followed by a hard to look at face and a harder to palate attitude. I'd recommend coming take 10-15 cute pictures and bouncing.This place is as beautiful as it looks on Instagram. With endless options, diverse selections and a lovely setting, Auction House is a welcome addition to my rotation of lunch options.
Auction House is a food hall with a number of different outposts that range in cuisine from Mexican to Indian to coffee to rolled ice cream. I purchased a number of different things, including empanadas (Empanola), breakfast tacos (Sola Deli), and chargrilled oysters (Elysian Seafood). Each outpost has a different price range, but you can expect to spend about $15-$20 for lunch. In the center of the space is a bar that has standard drinks as well as an impressive list of cute cocktails.
I visited early on a Sunday morning and was pleased to find little to no crowd. The place itself is very open and spacious, but there aren't a whole lot of seats. I imagine at lunchtime or happy hour things can get crowded, but with the decor and styling, I doubt it ever looks cramped.
Each outpost is different, but all of the vendors were kind and friendly, explaining menu options and specials. Staff walks around, clearing tables and delivering water (there is also a water and cup station nearby). For the most part, you walk up to a counter and wait to pick up your food, so there is no table service.
Auction House provides endless food options and a perfect Instagram backdrop, making it worth the visit.This is directed at the oyster bar 
It's hard to come here when you have a 5 star seafood place across the street but I wanted to give it another shot. 
I get that it's Mardis Gras and the staff is tired, they assume everyone is a tourist. This is their fatal flaw. I've sat at this oyster bar on two occasions. I thought the first time was a fluke, maybe because they hd only been open 2 months they hadn't quite figured things out. Today, I'm the middle of Mardi Gras a friend and I sat down and it was 5 minutes before we were acknowledged. We were the only ones sitting at the bar. Blah blah blah, I could continue on but the little pop up needs to step up there game. 
Side note, I watched a dozen oysters sit out in the open for more than 30 minutes, un iced,  un refrigerated, growing countless bacteria....
This is not a great representation of what a small pop up could be.Just beautiful! When I walked in, I felt like I had walked into the final product of some hgtv show. Marble, gold, greenery--just beautiful!
There are high barstool sitting area, and also regular tables. This could be a great spot to work remotely, get a refreshing drink with a good friend, or grab a quick Indian inspired lunch. 
I will definitely be back.Never got served. My wife and I walked in at 8am, an hour after they opened. No other customers in the place. The staff saw us walk in, but didn't acknowledge us. One guy was playing on his iPad adjusting the music while the rest were cleaning. 
We walked around the front area for a while. Still no service and now they avoided eye contact. We left.We wandered for a late dinner after a Thurs night event at the Ogden Museum. The black and white color scheme paired with the massive bar and dim lighting screamed hipster hang-out, but I was intrigued. The    concept is a food hall. We did a lap around to see what was still open and on offer at that hour (around 8:30 pm). 
My friend and I decided to start with a half dozen of the NOLA classic, grilled oysters. They were phenomenal! When our name was called and bivalves ready to consume, we pulled up to the monumental bar in the middle of the room. The bartender quickly served water and offered a cocktail menu and beer list for review. 
After selecting our refreshments, I decided on trio of empanadas for my entree. My partner in crime went with some spicy Indian fare - chickpea dish served with a dosa. Despite the richness, I managed to finish every last flaky bite of my dinner. Kim was tearing up from the heat but also loved her selection.
Auction House is walkable from many Warehouse hotspots and offers a lot of options. It's not the most budget conscious, but definitely not the most expensive meal you'll find in this district.Went to this place twice during my 3 night stay in NOLA! The atmosphere is really chill and casual, perfect hang out place with friends! They also have a really good variety of food to choose from, such as salads, poke, crab cakes, and oysters! Both times I went, there was plenty of space to sit (went once at 5pm and the other time at 8pm). I am a really indecisive person and can never decide on a place to eat, so I feel like a place like this was perfect because I get lots of options all in one location! Can't wait to visit again!I did the three empanadas for 13.75 and i got the spinach artichoke, muffela, and the crawfish one. The spinach one was my favorite because it was creamy and the mix was really good with the tomato soup.Tava and The Empanadas place are amazing.
The cocktails are wild.
The place has an amazing vibe and a great atmosphere. 
The Alpha place, Mediterranean place, is the WORST food in town.  All we ordered was tasteless (the hummus, the baba, the meat, the rice...), Expensive and almost out of a can.
The overall feedback from the group (awesome set-up but expensive when so many other joints close bye where you get more for your $$$$).
We will be back in hope that some changes are made.Upscale, beautiful, bougie food-hall with great, but expensive food. I got a lime salad and a vanilla coffee, and both were delicious. There is also a bar in the middle. My friends all got empanadas, which they enjoyed, but they took 20 min to make even though they were the only people who ordered.Finally was able to try this place. I wanted to take my friends somewhere we could all get something different and this was just the place. I got Indian street food from tava which I loved! I also got bubble teas from Mac & Moon which was just as pretty to look at as it was to drink! My friends all got something different from Thai, poké bowl, empanadas, poboys. Very cool vibe there and lots of yummy options. I'd definitely recommend and love to go back!Love love love auction house market! The atmosphere when you walk in is to die for. It is beautifully decorated. I went right before dinner plans just to grab a drink. There drink menu is not extensive, but our bartender thought up a few ideas. I got the drop it like it's apricot and added strawberry to it. DELICIOUS! Came back after dinner and ordered another one. My friends saw me posting it and begged me to bring them the next day! So I had another drop it likes it's apricot! My friend got the aproel frose which tasted like a alcoholic creamsicle but I'm not complaining. And my other friend order the fruity whiskey drink ( can't remember what it's called). All our drinks were delicious. As far as food goes . . . I'm not the biggest fan. Happy Jaxx had a really good salad and empanola had a yummy empanada but the seafood place was a little disappointing and the dumpling place dumplings had a weird like dishwater taste to them. So, I wouldn't come here to eat and drink but I'd def come here just to drink!When I first moved to Louisiana, I frequented this area quite a bit......
I actually remember when this was an actual auction house, full of furniture, paintings and antiquities.
But now.............its full of food, drinks and macaroons!
The first time I went I wasn't exactly sure what was in store....
The interior is light and airy, it sort of takes your breath away.  The plants from Luna Botanicals are everywhere and add to the ambience in a big way.
The bar is located centrally and food stations are located on the outer edge.  There is something for everyone.  I personally have dined on raw oysters, ceviche, poke bowls, mediterranean dip trio(ask for extra pita, the fancy indian street food, macaroons, coffee and dark & stormys from the bar.
Poke Bowls are not new to me and I love the freshness of them.  Tracy and her staff make a mean bowl, if I do say so myself.  I heard the empanadas are scrumptious, so I definitely need to try them real soon. 
I really like this location, lots of street parking and lots near by, close to the museums and galleries.  Its probably why I've been so many times now...happy hour meet up, out of town guest lunch, business meeting, after event dinner and after dinner dessert with my dietary restrictive brother in law (Thanks Mac & Moon!.....he gobbled down your version of an ice cream sandwich).
Still more food to enjoy.  I'm not going to get into a rut by selecting the same place every time.  
That would be too easy.....let the adventures begin.Wonderful atmosphere and so many delicious food options. Everything is fresh and tasty, healthy options and prepared to order. There's a great bar in the center to order creative cocktails, beer or wine from, and you can take them back to your table or comfy seating.  Great vibes, gracious staff and reasonably priced. Can't beat this place! Highly recommend!!!No matter which vendor you go to, you're going to get great food and even better service. Even on an extremely crowded Mardi Gras day, everyone was friendly, service was fast and food was amazing! Did I mention, super clean restrooms?!This is a really cool place for a casual meal in a super instagrammable location. It's basically an indoor food hall with different stands and a beautiful bar in the middle. There is a ton of seating and many great food options. I grabbed a fish dish from one of the food stands and brought it to the bar for a post-WWII museum lunch and it was just what I needed to recharge. Definitely recommend this to anyone who needs a break from the French Quarter and wants to try out a more low-key option!Awesome spot for food (breakfast/lunch/dinner) and drinks (coffee/cocktails). Service is wonderful. Great spot in the warehouse district.Checked out the Auction House Market after yoga and loved their atmosphere! Once entering the hall, you have so many options to delicious food. I tried out Tava Indian Street food, Mac and Moon, and Empanola. 
At Tava, the staff was very friendly and helpful explaining their menu. I decided on the Uttapam (3 for $12) - Chole Chaat, Potato, and Sausage. The sample of three was very tasty and I will be back to check out the other flavors. 
At Empanola, I got two empanadas and the soup of the day. The empanadas took a long time to prepare so if you plan on eating here, I would order from this vendor first! Otherwise, the empanadas were delicious and paired perfectly with the soup of the day.  
At Mac and Moon, I got Jasmine rose bubble tea and a frozen tea - both very refreshing and I would order again. 
Overall, Auction House Market has a very trendy environment and I would definitely recommend for lunch with friends!We came across this charming food hall after attending an exhibit at the Ogden museum. There are ten or more vendors for you to choose from. We opted for the seafood spot. We ordered the happy hour oysters, YUM! They were charbroiled with Parmesan. We also ordered the crab cakes. Very tasty and filling. We were impressed and you should go!I can only review for the southern food counter in the Auction House. I was seeking out a seafood gumbo and wanted to try this place since it has such good reviews. The gumbo was really disappointing so I didn't order anything else. I ordered a bowl, which was $13, and was about 8 fl ounces full (1/2 full). No bread. Very little seafood, no okra or tomato chunks. Needed salt (I never say that about restaurant food). Went to Heard Dat afterwards and enjoy plenty.Stopped by for some takeout and picked up a cheese dosa and a Cuban sandwich along with A small pecan and salted chocolate dessert. Everything was excellent. Perfect after a long day at jazz fest!This was an awesome place for a quick bite or to hang out at the bar. Will definitely be back. Loved all the plants that were hanging-such a unique atmosphere. Food was amazing!!! Empanadas were awesomeTake your pick from Thai, South American and several others. We had Poke bowls, very fresh, very good. Finished with  Rolled ice cream. Great stuff. This place is like a stand alone food court with full bar.After 1st visiting back in May of 2018 & loving this market so, we returned on this 3rd visit to N.Orleans together. The allure, beauty & vibe of this market once again overtook us if not for the food as much as for the beautiful bar & overall experience.Had high expectations for this food hall. Not as kid friendly as I thought it should've been. My kids, 3 & 5 shared a grilled cheese sandwich from SOLA DELI, which they ate, but that was it for the kid's. I enjoyed my 3 empanadas, shrimp w/cheese, gumbo and crawfish etouffee, from EMPANOLA EMPANADAS. My wife had a unicorn noodle salad that tasted more like cilantro than anything else. Prices were about average if I dined at a restaurant, a total of $45. Bottled soda drinks were $2.5-3.This is a unique place if you can't quite decide what you want for eat as it's an upscale food court for the most part. The best thing is there is a bar in the center after you do decide what you want to grub on. Based on the offering I prefer Pythian market however this place is closer to the warehouse district where Pythian is in the CBD. I like meeting friends for drinks here over the food food offerings.Visiting NOLA?  Some call it New Orleans.  Well this is a very cool place to stop for a lunch or early dinner.
Set in the business / warehouse district just out of the tourist area.  This place has a great collection of foodies, and hipster style eateries.
In the center of all is a very cool bar serving great drinks from noon till closing.  So if you just wan to stop here for a beer or happy hour this is a great spot.
The main thing I liked about this place was the more modern food options that were not only fried, and fast food.  After eating in NOLA for a few days I needed some cleaner options.
Highly recommended.
Several food options from salads to seafood.
Sushi vendor was excellent.
Only good things to say about this place.Didn't expect highly for food court but here gives me so much surprise. Ordered chatt dosa and Ahi bowl, really tasty and unique. Different from poke bowl I had at other places. Strong recommendation!Delicious chef driven food. We had wonderful dumplings and three types of empanadas: spinach and blue cheese I believe, a sort of Italian one and a carmelized onion. We did take out.Awesome place. The best place to explore new foods. You can't go wrong by making your own 4 course meal with multiple vendors in one place. Explore the Indian street foods at Tava and stop my the Mac & moons on the way out for a quick dessert for a quick snack.I wanted to LOVE this place, but let's discuss the CONS.  Went in with a pretty big group, sat at the bar, the bartender on Sunday of Mardi Gras weekend was just strange. Seemed like he was trying to play up the, I want to be hipster, and have a cool accent style. We each tried 5 different cocktails and they were all down right horrible. The PROS, AMAZING vibe and decor. (Also, the women's bathroom is super cute!) Didn't try any food because we just ate, but everything looked great! Just don't have drinks here!Tava and The Empanadas place are amazing.
The cocktails are wild.
The place has an amazing vibe and a great atmosphere. 
The Alpha place, Mediterranean place, is the WORST food in town.  All we ordered was tasteless (the hummus, the baba, the meat, the rice...), Expensive and almost out of a can.
The overall feedback from the group (awesome set-up but expensive when so many other joints close bye where you get more for your $$$$).
We will be back in hope that some changes are made
Second visit in July.
We met a friend for happy hour and we utilized the prices for HH.  As you would expect the food items with discounted prices are limited.  
4 months after visiting on opening day this place is till just OK food and cocktails.  It does not meet the expectations of food and drinks preparation in NOLA.
I continue to hope that the restaurants here would step their game but not yet.
Until next time...The space is gorgeous. The food selection is worldly. My gf and I stop here for breakfast. We tried Elysian and Empa Nola. Empa Nola is stellar, go for the sampler must have are the gumbo and crawfish. Elysian was alright at most. It had lost 2 stars due to the lack of service and unwelcoming greeting. I know what crappy service is being from NY. I would avoid this stall or maybe just avoid the breakfast crew.Giving Auction House 4 stars -- would have had 5 but one bartender was rude and it soured the experience from the beginning. She had a horrible attitude, which is why this review is being written. Drinks, delicious; ambience, terrific. Again, only issue was with the demeanor of this employee. It's a shame too because she made a good drink. She had a "pillbox" tattoo. Sat down at the bar with a friend as she slapped down a menu and walked off; my friend asked "what just happened." Then she came back to I.D. Us. No problem with the carding, but again, attitude. Not pleasant. 
I'm here to spend money and socialize; I don't need an attitude in the process. I don't even expect someone to bend over backwards or go out of their way to tend bar, but don't make the customer uncomfortable. It was uncomfortable. However, another female bartender assisted later and was fabulous, polite, and pleasant. 
Now, the rude bartender may have had personal issues going on which I didn't know about. Maybe she was having an off day. Got it. But her attitude wasn't even neutral; she was rude to a group. Everyone in the group noticed at separate times. Female Brunette with short hair and a "pillbox" tattoo. Won't be going back if she's tending bar, which is unfortunate because the overall place was great. Still giving four stars for that.I love this concept and have been seeing it pop up more ad more around Florida and have been excited to try one of these food court style places with multiple modern eclectic food choices. My husband and I tried two different vendors, I went with the Unicorn Noodles with Pork and a Butterfly Pea Tea at Long Chim. The noodles reminded me of the Japchae glass noodles you'd find in Korean cuisine. The dish was full of fresh herbs and included ground pork and peanuts, it was phenomenal. The butterfly pea tea is this gorgeous deep blue that turns colors with added lemon juice and was wonderfully refreshing. Long Chims food is a true work of art, every dish I saw come out while waiting in line looked amazing. My husband got a sandwich combo at Sola Deli with the Spanish pork sandwich. It was a little pricey for the amount of food, it was half a ciabatta sandwich, chips and water for $12. All the salads and hummus in the deli case looked really good but we didn't try them. There's also a bar in the center with full liquor which was really cool. I'd love to go back and try one of everything at Long Chim!I love Auction house market. It's a great spot for any meal, any time of day. It's always my go-to for days I'm undecided what to eat because I can get my Indian, poke, South American, and seafood fix all at the same time. The bar has really good cocktails, didn't get any this time (still recovering from Mardi Gras.) The space is conveniently located in the warehouse district, which is walkable from the lower garden district and CBD. I highly recommend this food hall.Fun and hip place with a diverse offering of foods and a good bar. Order some delicious empanadas and Park yourself at the bar and wait the 20
Minutes or so that they take to finish. A good variety of cocktails and the frosé slush is good but a little sweet. I'd avoid the Cajun seafood place- the hash was topped with a practically raw egg- not appetizing. The coffee place is good and the Thai iced tea is nice too.This is a nifty little market space and food hall (reminiscent of a mall food court space) for multiple vendors just like the St. Roch Market and that should be no surprise as it is run by the St. Roch Market folks.
There are selections of various foods and drinks available along with a few other interesting items. This is an interesting venue to visit if you want to try several different types of food all in one space. Long Chim, a Thai comfort food and street food vendor is probably one of the most interesting of the offerings here to me then it is nice to grab some dessert at Mac & Moon.  Overall this is a nice building that provides a good environment to enjoy some food and drink with a bit too much hipster, vegetarian and Vegan flair for my carnivore hunter soul.Awesome spot. Cool space with a ton of food options and a nice bar in the center. Laid back vibe with some top notch food. The empanada place is great, as is the Thai spot and the Macaroon place. Not inexpensive but valid pricing for what you get. (Except the macaroons - can't figure out why 5 cookies have to cost $20ish - but they're so good.....) Awesome seafood place too. Trivia night was also fun! Don't miss this spot for breakfast, lunch, or dinner!This is one of my favorite food halls because not only is the food amazing but the space is stunning. The cocktails inside are also so so good and they have a happy hour. I like al of the food stands here but the Indian and Thai are my absolute fave!!!! I could eat there all the time.Randomly ended up here as I used a DoorDash promo to pickup a sandwich. I'm a tourist so I only know the address of the deli I was picking up from. Was pleased to find the deli was in an upscale food hall. I have to bookmark this place to come back to on a future visit because every stall looked good, and it looked like a cool spot to grab a light lunch.I have been in NO for five days and I have been here twice! The decor is so different and fun.
I like that everyone in my party can pick different food and still sit together. The empanadas were so good get the mushroom cheese. I also had breakfast at jacks egg white omelette so fresh and tasty.Great catfish po-boy and Mediterranean salad. Bright clean space, good music. We looked up where to go to stay cool on a super hot day, and we're so glad we did! It looks new, and very hip.  Reminds me of NYC. Definitely recommend!Enjoying a delicious and well-crafted Pimm's cup (not sorry about the unoriginality). Not eating as of yet but the options look and smell great!Disgusting excuse for fusion food. They have a Korean fusion dish that literally translates to "mixed rice" but there's no rice in it??? And they didn't even put the right sauce on it??? Like they put black bean sauce, which almost every East Asian could tell you comes with a completely different noodle dish, in this nasty little salad. And with TOAST? I want to throw up everywhere. And when confronted about this atrocity of a dish on instagram they deleted 5+ people's take on this train wreck. Please do not come here unless you're trying to get ripped off $15 dollars for a meal that's essentially false advertisement. Good luck with the business!The market is very nice and in a great location especially considering the fact that we don't have to many places with concepts like this and that are open late in this location. They also have an excellent happy hour and a lot to choose from as far ad food choices. The only reason I didn't give them 4/5 stars is because of the encounter my wife and i had with one of the vender spaces. Not only was the owner of this particilar spot unprofessional with his interactions with us as customers but also employees in front of us customers. When we mentioned our interaction to one of the managers we were informed that each restaurant is privately owned which is fine but i don't understand why you would want someone like that representing your company. We will continue to come here for the great experiences we've had with other restaurants and the market as a whole but i hope that they make note of the unprofessionalism going on in their building. The restaurant i am referring to was a salad place, sorry i can't remember the name but didn't really need to know it since i won't be recommending it.If you want great cocktails, and a fun casual atmosphere, you have found the place. There is an amazing happy hour menu, from 4-7, Monday - Friday and an excellent bartender, Tin, who knows all about different cocktails and makes great recommendations. He expertly made our cocktails when it was slower and happily answered questions and then competently handled a large group when they came in. Look for the guy with the blue hair and you will be in good hands if you are looking for a great cocktail. I recommend the gin mule, made with their special proprietary ginger beer.We held our farewell brunch after our wedding in the private room at the Auction House Market and it was the perfect place for the event. The décor was chic, the food was excellent and the space was big enough for our 150+ guests. As a Brooklyn, New York-based LGBT couple planning a wedding in New Orleans, we needed vendors who were accepting, organized and responsive and Jason delivered. He was also able to play music we wanted and worked with our wedding planner Becky Lampp (Spanish Oak Events) to put up some of the décor/flowers from our wedding. During the event, the staff was so kind and helpful and our guests loved the food. We'd highly recommend the space for a farewell brunch as it was a relaxing and beautiful space to end the weekend.Great food spot. Loved the ambiance and had awesome Poke bowl! Many other good food choices and a great full bar to sit at.Frozen Pims cup is perfect refreshing spiced drink to enjoy during New Orleans summer. Lots of tasty food options depending on your mood.We ate the Keto Bowl, one with brisket & the other with chorizo from Happy Jaxx. Both bowls were really great. My ONLY issue was the amount of sodium on the chorizo. The flavors mixed well with each other but i had trouble finishing the bowl because of the saltiness. The brisket was less savory but went very well with the contents of the bowl.
We also had a Banana Nutella empanada from EMPA-NOLA and that was AWESOME! It was small so don't expect to get full. Great dessert though!I have mixed feelings about my meal here. My husband and I ordered the Uttapam from Tava. It's is like 3 spongy pancake sized breads, with your choice of filling. We got a paneer (cheese and tomato sauce), chickpea and chicken with peanut sauce. They were all delicious. We also shared 3 empanadas from EmpaNola- mufaletta, chicken and Argentinian beef. The empanadas were just okay. The mufaletta one was the best. My main issue is the price. We spent over $30 on what seemed like appetizers and not a meal; we were still hungry after. If you don't mind cost, there are a lot of options and it's a comfortable place.This is a must go!! This place has like 5 mini restaurants inside so try a little of everything! Food and drinks are delicious!! All fresh and local.I really wanted to like this place but there was something about it that was just A-OK. The place is beautiful but the food at dinner was not great. Some of the dishes I ordered were out. The food quality was good but I think this place is better for a quick meal rather than a family dinner.Great selection of food and drinks, basically a food hall for diners with different palates to unite and socialize over a Indian inspired dish, coffee, empanadas or whatever else floats ones boat. I have been to this place a few times and always like to try new things. The inside is beautifully decorated with lots of great foliage and green vibrant plants focused around a square bar in the center that has white marble counters.Spectacular food hall in the heart of Magazine St NoLa. Gorgeous wine bar right smack in the middle - various bites (perfect for a light snack or happy hour) before hitting the dining scene-  loved the espresso bar and Vegan ice cream shoppe - with Macarons that I can actually eat! (Coconut creme) - it's not Parisian but still takes the cake. Grab a nice bottle of vino and plant yourself down at one the bistro tables or couches for a fabulous afternoon.  I love this spot and you will too!Great place to recharge in between art gallery & museum hops. Food court features an excellent poke spot and many other seafood options. The bar can be a little slow. Always clean in here, even the restrooms. ProTip: Drink water with your meal. Its free and you need to stay hydrated in sweaty New Orleans ;-) Look for the fresh water spout and glassware in the rear corner of the foodcourt.WAY late Yelping this one, but after Paige's birthday dinner, we walked right across the street to Auction House Market. I give it 5 stars simply for the vibe. Really hipster, laid back. I got a shake because I'm a shake addict and Paige got macaroons because "they're cute". She didn't enjoy her macaroons much however, my shake was pretty good. Way less sweet than I'm used to yet just sweet enough and fresh. I even copped a cap being that I can't pass up adding another hat to my collection of 40+. If you're looking for somewhere to chill in the city with a little buzz, Auction House Market does it.What a great concept!  'Food Court' doesn't do it justice.   The space is great and has multiple seating arrangements.  The bar is beautiful and staff are kind.  I ordered a mocktail - bartender's whim, and I got a strawberry limeade that was very refreshing.  We also had some charbroiled oysters that were delicious.  The other food stations look fantastic.  I had a great time and would go back if I was in the area.ALWAYS a good time here! Talk about food hall on steroids...I like the happy hour at Mayhaw, the crab cakes and char oysters are delectable. 
The lighting is on another level! I really think these photos come out pinterest and IG worthy..I am a blogger..so all about the photo opps!! The event space looks awesome. I am ready to go back already. FOMO!! 
Xoxo
LynnThere are options for everyone: sandwiches, sushi, paleo foods, Thai, seafood, coffee, macaroons, breakfast foods. Definitely a place to bring a group of picky people!This was one of the high points in terms of new discoveries in NOLA on this trip. 
What a great little spot! Good location on Magazine, quick walk to the WWII museum or River Walk. We came in and sat at the bar for a drink, but the food options looked top notch, too. 
Our bartender - who bears a striking resemblance to Justin Long (the "Mac" in the old "Mac vs. PC" Apple commercials) - made us some great drinks. I had a Penicilin, and it was hands down the best version of that drink that I've ever had. Great conversation, cool spot, and the drinks were great. 
We may have stopped by again the next day. Not that we were drinking a lot on this trip or anything...
Definitely worth a visit. One of the favorite discoveries on this go-round.Sunday funday was spent at Auction House for my very first time. From the second you walk in, you're immediately drawn to the beauty of the bar. It's chic, inviting, and not overly busy. It's an Instagram model's dream. The entire place was beautifully curated creating an upscale feel to what is other wise a food court. I love the whole concept and the team behind this place has done a great job at making it a go to destination for foodies. The two places that stood up were Alpha and Empanola inside Auction House. We got the chicken shwarma,  which did not disappoint. Full disclosure my friend won a giveaway for Alpha, but the shwarma is worth every penny regardless. The chicken was flavorful, well seasoned, and anything but dry. The presentation was next level. You know it's good when the staff were jumping into your pictures trying to take their own lol. I loved every minute of it. Staff was knowledgeable, attentive, and beyond friendly. Empanola is also a must try. I got the sampler platter which consisted of your choice of 3 empanadas. I got the gumbo, crawfish etouffee, and the apple. I loved all the three. The apple had a flaky crust with a sweet, sticky glaze and the cooked to perfection. Honestly,  I wanted 2 lol. The gumbo and crawfish were equally delicious and they did not skimp on the filling. The $12 price tag was more than fair and the presentation was on point. They definitely keep presentation at the forefront at Auction House!!! All in all  a great spot and I will definitely be backThis place is giving me St Roch market but with a warehouse district vibe. Great food choices. Came here for a girls day with my friend and we were really amazed. Not only is there great food selections but the inside decor is amazing! I will definitely be back again.Unfortunately I was not impressed. The best thing was our drink . I am sorry but the food needs to improve! I tried a variety of things from different chefs and was disappointed time after time. I hope this place gets better because I would definitely give it another chance once they make some changes and improve the quality of food.Great location, seriously good food and wonderful concept with the bar area in the middle of all the action. Elysian was a standout with the young men behind the bar very attentive and serious about the business of shucking oysters and prepping food. The cocktails were good and EMPA NOLA empanadas were so tasty - we had the chorizo, shrimp w/ cheese and crayfish ettouffee!Wow ! What a found , New Orleans with a farm to fork vibe ! Clean , authentic , California vibe ! Fun , engaging , great menu . Love Fahad our bartender ! Wonderful young manOne of the most gorgeous "food halls " I've been to with everything gold and marble. How gorgeous is the center bar also with some glass shelves and plants . The food ranges from seafood to coffee to empanadas to Indian .. so take a pick and enjoy!This was my first time to visit this fantastic establishment.  To walk into a large, beautiful, open area and to be able to choose 6 or so different food eateries to eat at, was at first over stimulating.  But, then you get past that, and realize there is no bad choice.  From oysters, to P.O. boy sandwiches, to portobello mushroom gourmet burgers, to gumbo, empanadas, salads, coffee, cookies and/or deserts.  We sampled multiple places and they all get 5 stars. A tad noisy, due to the open space concept.  But vast and not crowded.Love coming here for Elysian Seafood crab cakes and mojitos at the bar.  The butterfly tea and pancakes are also awesome!  Stop in if you get a chance.This place was very aesthetically picturesque. The options for food were very diverse. Since this was our very first time, we decided to try a couple of different things. I loved the Crawfish Étouffée (very savory and flavorful) and Salmon and Leek (light, refreshing flavor) empanadas. The soup that followed was a great compliment to the empanadas. Also, we had the poke bowl which was fairly large with lots of salmon and very good. The Frozen Coffee was very sweet but was a very good taste of brew. I highly recommend trying this place out.such a cute place to take pics and go for brunch w/ friends ~ my profile picture
some of the vendors are a little pricey but empanola and the coffee shop (forgot the name) are pretty affordable.
empanola's empanadas and tomato soup were so good. i tried all of the empanadas and the mushroom and cheese was my fav, definitely recommend!Stopped in on a Friday night to meet friends for a quick cocktail. I'll first say that for a Friday evening I was relieved that it was so easy to find seating, and at the bar nonetheless.
I didn't actually eat, but there was a wide array of food vendors and everything looked delicious. I'll be happy to go back someday soon for confirmation  This is part of the reason I'm only throwing out three stars.
I was somewhat disappointed in the cocktail menu is that it was rather restricted. I expected to have a little more to choose from in regards to the craft cocktails, but alas I did find something to sip on
The bartenders were very pleasant. Quick to take orders and timely in offering the next drink. I enjoyed the ambiance. The plants above the bar offered a nice touch of greenery. 
All in all, nice little place to grab a drink and hang out with friends.A new brightly lit, modern, marble lined food hall/market filled with 8 venders all servicing delicious & innovative foods. A great spot for a quick bite, leisurely lunch with friends or a perfect happy hour destination. The marble bar & offerings are not to be missed.This place is amazing - the style is so fun and fresh and the stalls within the market are all worth a visit. 
My partner and I came here for a few drinks before dinner one night (after discovering it on a walk and grabbing coffee) and it was so reasonably priced and surprisingly empty.
The bartender was a doll - the first drink on the specials menu was free and he gave us another drink on him after that as well! We ended up spending $12 on drinks and I just could not imagine spending that little on six drinks anywhere else (do not worry we tipped well). 
The decor has a very California feel - marble and bronze and tons of plants. Definitely check this place out for a drink/coffee if you are in the area and I would even recommend going out of the way for it. The bartender gave us some great local recommendations so make it one of your first stops :)Perfect place to bring everyone! Think upscale food court with an amazing bar smack dab in the center. It was tough to choose between all the amazing food, but the Thai chicken noodle bowl won out - succulent chicken that fell off the bowl, coconut broth, pickled greens, and noodles. So. Good. Husband and I split the chargrilled oysters as well. Try them with the mushrooms. He had an assortment of Indian dips and what I could best describe as a cheese crepe but better. If you're planning on imbibing (it's NOLA, you know you are), you can't go wrong with the bearded knees. Yes, that's spelled correctly. Bearded knees. Just try it. You won't regret it.Came here on a Saturday night before a show across the street and was impressed! There's a bunch of different food stalls around a central bar, so you can grab food with friends from different places and have a bite together.  The whole place feels very refined; marble tables, brass fixtures, clean, etc.Place is new and nice and definitely unique for NOLA however if you are coming from NY OR LA  you aren't going to find anything special to it; being that we are used to places like these. I think they needed better/more food options. I had the empanada which was good but expensive and it was not a traditional Argentinean empanada. Also you have to use the fork because it will fall apart. I paid $5 for one and had to wait 15 minutes for it to cook. I don't think it was worth it.Great artisan food choices, hip atmosphere and friendly vendors. Long Chim Nola - Christy, one of the  artisan chefs serves up wonderful curry and salads. Empa Nola has a variety of Empanadas. Get a sampler platter of 3. I had the Latin American choices - yum! 
Very clean and quiet environmentI absolutely LOVED everything about this place!!! It is beautiful inside and full of so many endless delicious options for food and beverages. There is a ton of vegan/vegetarian options too which is always much appreciated. 
The hardest part is just deciding where to begin. I went with the empanadas from Empanola first. Pecan, onion, and bleu cheese... mushroom and cheese... and spinach and artichoke. All 3 were delicious!!! I also had the avocado toast from Happy Jaxx, and it surely was the largest avocado toast dish I'd ever had. So good!!! My sister had gotten an egg, potato, curry dish from Tava that was incredibly tasty. Keep in mind, the food takes some time as it is only one or two people working at each vendor, but it is well worth the wait. 
My only regret is that my stomach isn't larger, because I really could have just sat here all day trying different foods. I can't think of a better place to spend a hungover morning!! Or any other day of the week!!It appears that Auction House Market is from the same owners as St. Roch Market, except this time they actually may have hit the jackpot on the old business adage, "location, location, location".  
 It appeared to be a bit smaller than its predecessor in the Bywater neighborhood , but this one in  the warehouse district can benefit from  the  hustle and bustle of the throngs of employees filtering out of nearby workplaces looking for a convenient spot for lunch or dinner,  Plus don't forget the thousands of tourists from nearby hotels multiple and coming to and from the convention center.  
There's food vendors to satisfy multiple palates and preferences, various dessert options, coffees,  and a bar in the middle of it all! It's bright, light, airy with sleek and modern decor.  They have only been open about 2 months., but I think it sounds like a hit in the making to me!   Go check it out!A refreshing collaboration of independent culinary experiences anchored by a central bar supplying creative libations and legendary classics...well enough trying to emulate the late great Jonathan Gold. 
In all honesty, this is a really cool place with a friendly vibe where you can get a po boy, freshly shucked oysters on the half shell, an empanada, and some poke, then sit in the communal space to enjoy some awesome drinks. The bartender makes several amazing cocktails and they have a generous happy hour from 4-7pm. 
Will definitely be back next time we are in the Warehouse Arts District in NOLA!Darn, I wrote a whole big piece on this place and it disappeared! Auction House Market is an amazing place and if you're vegan like we are, there are lots of options. It was such a great discovery while we were visiting New Orleans. Delicious Jackfruit sandwich, awesome rice and beans, great coffee with steamed soy and the macaroons...oh dear god. So yummy, all of it. I went into more detail with my now-forever-lost post, but trust me when I say it is "WELL WORTH THE VISIT!!!"Such an impressive space and abundance of options. I just wanted to sit here all day and soak in every nuance and detail. Everything is very fresh, refreshing and hip. It's also a great spot to people watch. 
Mayhaw: Fantastic innovative cocktails. The Bananas MacLain was my favorite it was layered with smoky and subtle sweet notes. Surprisingly, it wasn't that sweet given it had fruit in the name, but was well balanced and savory. It had a flamed top that turned the egg white into a crispy smokey layer. Truly unique. We also ordered days away and bearded knees which were excellent as well. 
Elysian seafood: High quality fresh oysters and a good selection of varieties. Excellently and quickly shucked.
Long Chim Thai: The Khao Soi chicken noodle soup was one of the best Thai soups I've ever had. The broth flavor was so deep and layered, I was impressed that a food hall could produce something so nuanced. So much umami but also well balanced with salt, tang and sweetness from the coconut. The chicken drumstick was fall of the bone tender. 
Aloha Lei: NOLA bowl with crawfish, this was very NOLA way to enjoy sushi as it had crawfish and Cajun spicesRACISM AT ITS CORE!!!
My friends and I came in to check out what they have to offer and could immediately feel eyes on us. What started out as uncomfortable quickly became pre civil war racism. I approached the sushi bar and stood in line as the sushi chef was making food. Once it was my turn he aggressively gave me the "throat cut" signal and began walking behind me. I hadn't done anything but stood in line. After I dove out of the way, he saw people were watching and sprinted away while holding up one very particular finger. I stood there hopeless. I then noticed the Mexican food area. As I walked over, the chef already had eyes on me. Before I could get with 30 feet, he screamed as loud as he could "NOT MAKING ANYTHING FOR YOU!". I left in disappointment, hunger, and dismay. If you're not the correct race, I strongly suggest you eat at another establishment.The food was great and so was the atmosphere!! Me and my basic friends took pictures in the cute ass bathroom. v trendy. the poke bowl i got was splendid.Amazing variety of vendors and food, drink and dessert options to suit everyone's taste. All the vendors are friendly, service is excellent, facilities are clean, and the vibe is great. I love the place so much that I couldn't leave without buying a Auction House Market hat and t-shirt. 
If you're a vegan and/or gluten free most vendors have something or multiple options on their menus for you (and there are more than salads to choose from). There is even one vendor Mac and Moon that is exclusively vegan and gluten free. Also, If you're with a vegetarian or meat eater, they're going to be VERY happy too as options for them abound in this space as well. 
For the vegan gluten free crowd, I highly recommend Tava Indian Streetfood's Dosa with Chole Chaat, Happy Jaxx's BBQ Jackfruit with Vegan Slaw served on sweet potato rounds, and the Macarons from Mac and Moon. All three vendors are warm, welcoming, and have amazing food that is sure to have you coming back again and again (I say this after eating there 3 days in a row consecutively). 
Happy Eats!Love love love love this place!! There are SO many good options for food in this beautiful little dining hall. My personal fave was the empanada place and the macron place!Tava yourself a Dosa. Tava inside auction house is a remarkable place to enjoy Indian cuisine. 
The dosa is a crepe made from rice. Light and very fluffy and can be stuffed with veggies shrimp or chicken along with amazing spices. 
And it comes with lentil soup. So so good. 
The dosa is the way to go. 
Go and enjoyVery cute spot located in the warehouse district . We stumbled upon it walking through town. There are quite a few eateries inside. Empanadas made to order, Thai food, poke , healthy eats , deli , Indian crepe &kati rolls, bar , seafood and macaroons places. There is a good amount of seating and nice atmosphere. A good place for a afternoon or dinner cocktail.This is an awesome place to come with a group of friends/coworkers with different tastes and busgets, since there is something for everyone. I had a delicious shrimp toast with bibimpbap salad and a frozen coffee for lunch on a Friday; it was pretty packed, so come early to save seats.Stumbled across this gem of a mini market while we were looking for a breakfast place. The vibe in here is simultaneously on fleek and relaxed. The green is calming and contrasts the hip music playing surrounded by modern decor. A great place to catch up with friends or settle down and get some work done on the weekdays.
There are a plethora of delicious restaurants and coffee areas for you to choose from. I ordered a crossoint sandwich from SoLa which serves a variety of lunch and breakfast earlier in the day. My coffee from coast roast was perfect and milky. 
They even have a stunning event space for private or corporate events. Also... check out the women's bathroom- it'll make you smile.This is my new favorite place to eat! I'm from New Orleans and thought I had tried everything, but this was a happy surprise! I'm vegetarian and my boyfriend is a beef and cheese eating carnivore but we can both finally be happy eating here. They have something for everyone, vegans too! Everyone should come here! Can't say enough. Service is great too, super friendly. Also beautiful atmosphereThis ain't your mother's food court.
Look, if you live in the area or are visiting, this is a spot worth putting on your short list. Walking in off the street you are struck by the decor. Light airy, inviting....
The Thai food is great and the coffee bar puts out a decent cup of joe. They also do a nice happy hour.
This is great place to sit and do some work and take a break sampling the room.Came here on a Sunday afternoon and ordered several things:
- Gunpowder dosa from the Indian place
- Beef empanada and chorizo empanada from "Empanola"
- Birthday cake macaron and creme brûlée macaron from the macaron place 
The gunpowder dosa was DELICIOUS! But spicy. I didn't love the peanut chutney it was served with, but it didn't need it. It was really unique, very generously spiced, and a great portion size. 
I didn't care for the beef empanada (way too many olives), but the chorizo empanada was cheesy and delicious, and they were both served with an excellent green sauce (cilantro-based). 
The birthday cake macaron was way overly sweet and tasted like a mouthful of frosting (texture was way off as well), but the creme brûlée macaron was incredible with real charred sugar, and perfectly chewy the way a macaron is meant to be. Plus, the macarons are vegan, if that's important to you! 
Definitely recommend visiting this place and going on a culinary tour: there's also sushi and poke, Creole cuisine, salads, breakfast items, and much more!I'm so happy I came here today.
I'll be totally honest, I was most excited to check out the bathroom, and I spent 15 minutes in there taking pictures. It's beautiful, best bathroom ever. Go there.
Aside from the bathroom, I also wanted to go here because I'm from NY, and when I lived in Manhattan some of my favorite spots were food halls such as the Gansevoort Market or Chelsea Market. With that said, I was eager to check out Auction House. The inside is trendy, modern and cozy. I immediately loved it the moment I walked in. There's a solid selection, but I decided to try Tava because I happen to love Indian street food and haven't been able to find too many options in New Orleans. I got a potato Kati Roll and a Chicken Kati Roll and they were delicious. The roll itself was doughy and flaky and everything I'm looking for in a Kati Roll. Both the chicken and potato were awesome-but the potato filling was the winner, imo. The coconut flavor in the filling really stood out without being overbearing. Still dreaming about it.
I would've loved to try more food, but my waistline can only handle so much food at a time. With that said, I'll be back soon for sure. And by soon, I mean possibly tomorrow.If I lived in NOLA, I'd likely spend all of my days here.  The setting was gorgeous and bright and the options were so amazing I had a VERY hard time deciding on what I would eat.  I settled for some roasted oysters which were TO DIE FOR and a local beer from the bar.  Everything looked fantastic and this area of town was a great respite for this tourist staying in the French Quarter.  
I highly recommend anyone in town pop in!Cute food hall with a variety of cuisines to choose from - Indian, Asian fusion, pastries, coffee, cocktail bar, oyster bar. So if you're with a group of friends and can't decide on a single location, this is the place to go! It's a very lofty, well-ventilated, shiny space with natural light coming through the windows and ceiling - a very beautiful space!
We were drawn to the Indian vendor - Tava. We got their dosa - one with chicken, one with potato. Those dosas are BIG! But it's actually just perfect for a quick meal - we split our dosas and had half of each. I liked watching them make it too, from spreading the batter thinly, adding the potato and chicken, and then rolling it up!
We sat at the bar in the middle, ordered a couple drinks, and enjoyed our meal. Great Sunday brunch, I must say! I got a mezcal-based drink with some spicy flavors - forgot what it's called, but certainly enjoyed!auction house is a great place to grab food whether it be for lunch or dinner or drinks. a lot of the places participate in a great happy hour. i think i've tried every vendor now and i enjoy them all. i actually showed up on the first night it was open and caught a great band playing on the other side of the market. it's gorgeous with the natural light and plants everywhere. i love this place so muchA refreshing place not bombarded with a lot of people. One of the best bartenders in town. His skill level, knowledge and expertise was on point. Many different food vendors located here. There is something for everyone to eat or drink.  Great atmosphere.  Stop by and see for yourself, but definitely stop at the bar and ask Fihad to create one of his specialty drinks and watch the magic come alive.This little Yelper went to market...
I love St Roch. The vendors and the staff are so sweet. The space is always clean. Parking is easy. The food is good! 
Auction House Market is St Roch's super chic sister in the CBD, and she's droppin' it like it is hot.
If you don't know that Auction House is one sexy b, you're living under a ginormous rock with no wifi. It's beautiful. I want to live here. Just put a couch made of the same material as the bar stool behind the bar, and I'll be good. I promise to water the plants on holidays.
Parking is metered around here but I haven't had any issues with finding a spot. My buddies from Coast Roast are here so I know I'm gonna get a solid cup of Joe and I will slowly but surely work my way through all the vendors.
What I love about this location is how many families were there! Not to be the creeper without the kids, but I have never seen so many families in the CBD. There's hope for you folks with kids! You can go to cool places too! 
Looking forward to trying out more vendors in this lovely space!Really cool concept with great vendors. Happy hour starts at 4! The variety of food is the highlight. It has something for everyone in a laid back, relaxing atmosphere.Auction House is so adorable on the inside and decor goals, especially the bathroom! You can't go in here without checking out this gorgeous bathroom, it's strange to say, but so true 
I love the idea of food halls and having the variety and option to pick from so many different food types so you can satisfy any craving! My only complaint is that the food tends to be a little overpriced! 
Long Chim is delicious! I had the Khao Soi a while back and the Thai Tea Sundae and both were delicious!
Empanola had the perfect combo meal with two empanadas and a salad or soup! I got the chicken and the spinach and artichoke! The spinach and artichoke definitely won in my book!
Elysian Seafood had a delicious shrimp curry! My friend ordered this and I couldn't resist trying it!
The dosa at Tava is definitely a must try as well!
Mac and Moon is very overpriced, $8 for two macarons that are very underwhelming. The hazelnut tasted nothing like that and the texture is not right either. 
There are a few others I still need to try, until next time!Super cute place! Aesthetics!!!! From walking into the door, you're greeted to the beautiful marble bar right in the center. There's a green room with a beautiful wall of green and a rustic mirror wall. The restroom has the cutest wallpaper too!! If you're not getting anything here, definitely can just do some photo ops instead and people watch.
I arrived on the day that either the vaccination card or a negative CoVid test was needed. Very organized on that part and one door to enter and the other to exit. 
I was browsing for some pastries but wasn't interested. I did get the frozen coffee and it was soooo good! Highly recommend!
Super loving the aesthetics of this place. Highly recommend just to walk through it.Loved this place. Stayed near here on a vacation in March and went twice. Great food, great vibe and super sweet people. I'll go back next year.Auction House Market, food hall from the same people of St. Roch Market, has 10 vendors ranging from breakfast to dinner to drinks and dessert! This chic spot located down on Magazine Street is always packed and always delicious. It's on the smaller size for food halls which only makes it more charming and less overwhelming. Definitely a unique place and somewhere you'll continue going back to.Dining during COVID - DDC the acronym I created. 
To be noted: Visited this dining establishment post workout on a Sunday, in the midst of COVID. 
This is a GREAT idea, multiple different eateries in one location. Makes me think of a FOOD COURT in a shopping mall, but much nicer decor, oh and with a fully stocked bar... hello #winning!!! 
On this particular day, we tried visiting a few of the eateries, buttttttttttt they were closed. So we settled on ELYSIAN SEAFOOD & ASIAN LICIOUS; both good choices. 
I will admit, the young lady working at ELYSIAN gave a little 'tude, but I over looked it. It was a Sunday, it was nice outside & they seemed pretty slow, so maybe, just maybe she didn't want to be bothered or wanted to be elsewhere; can't say I blame her, but anyway... Anywho, 'tude ignored, I ordered my food & went on my way to the next stop... SUSHI!!! 
The gentleman at ASIAN LICIOUS was welcoming, made suggestions & was very patient. I make sure to mention the bad AND THE GOOD; I'm not biased, ok? OK!!!! I'm sharing the experience... 
Anywho, the BBQ Shrimp po-boy from ELYSIAN was delightful, not enough for sharing, but definitely enough for satiation. 
The sushi roll from ASIAN LICIOUS was mooorreee than enough & very cost efficient. 
It was fairly empty in the place, so we unmasked & chowed down on the vittles. When I tell you there wasn't a crumb left in sight... those plates could have been reused as we left them... we were HONgry and the foot fit the bill. Lite enough for a post workout meal & heavy enough for that GOODY GOODY GUM DROP, I'm full kinda feeling. 
Love that the cleaning guy was readily available to remove our used utensils & plates. He was ON HIS JOB... this was commendable & much appreciated; next time I'll have cash to tip him out, we were CARD CARRYING MEMBERS on this day #freshoutofpapermoney. 
COVID precautions were being taken & this was quite refreshing, all things considered.  
Also to be noted, the other side of all the eateries is like a sort of quiet, meet up & chill area; it was quite pleasing to the eye & seemed to be a place of "overflow". Were it to be too crowded in the dining area of the building, one could just mosey on over to the non-eatery side of the building. This area is quite relaxing, if I must say so myself. 
As I stated, I will return, hopefully more eateries will be open & ready for business. 
Street parking is the call for the day and unless you go in a Sunday, watch out for meter maids.I am a local and enjoy NOLA food.  This has been the third time since Auction House as opened and I have been dissatisfied each time. 
The staff and bar staff were total Snobs !!! I could tell that most of the staff were not locals .... -Translate Hipsters !! Very disappointed !!!  I was treated extremely poorly !!!
Tourist please stay away !!!!The auction house is another place that offers several good food options in one. The setup and aesthetics of the space are great but compared to the other similar concepts I didn't have as hard of a time choosing between vendors as I usually do. Parking is a little tough because of construction on buildings in the area. I tried Empanola when I went and it was really good. The bartenders at The Mayhaw were great. If I'm in the area I would consider stopping by again.amazing!! it's just like the st. roch market except a little smaller. i went with a group of 8 people and it wasn't hard to get a table. i don't recommend going with a big group by any means though because the place is small, but it's doable. the food was great! i went to happy jax and got the bibimbap salad with salmon and it was sooo good, and the girl who was working there was sooo nice, she even brought out my food. most of my friends got empanadas or poke bowls, which looked equally delicious. the empanadas certainly were. 
this place is also an amazing place for instagram pictures! like.. it's beautiful. and the bathroom is awesome. we literally had a picture taking party in there.
i will definitely be back.If you're in the area, I would check out this spot either for a quick lunch or an evening cocktail. This spot is not too far from a public parking spot. It's easy to park and walk over to. There's a nice selection of different vendors - coffee, bakery, food stalls and a bar. The bar is in the center of the food hall. It's a great place to sit after ordering food at one of the food vendors. You can grab a cocktail and sit and enjoy your food.Something for everyone, in a great atmosphere with a cool vibe. Especially loved the king cake at the empanada stand.This place is so pretty! Is very bright with natural light and lots of greenery around (some are even available for purchase). There are a few different options for food from vendors. Make sure to check out the women's restroom, it's so cute with lips all on the wall. There's also a really nice connecting space next door that can be used for events, but for now you can use to sit and have your meal.not very crowded weekday mornings, perfect open space design with multiple vendors.  easy spot to hang out, grab a latte in the morning.Very chic + minimalistic place to grab a few bites and drinks with friends or your loved ones! Best thing about this market is the variety of cultural foods available for your taste buds. From Thai to cajun, seafood, sushi, French + South American + Indian influenced foods... you got it dude. Great location as well if you're in the arts and museum area downtown. 
We got to try a glass of Rose + the Myth of Shaddock signature cocktail from the Mayhaw Bar, both were great! Also tried the Thai Tea Ice Cream Sundae from Longchim which was fantastic and sooo refreshing!!! We got it substituted with mangoes and vegan coconut ice cream. 
MUST TRY :)Empanola is amazing!!! Their salad is fantastic and the ham and cheese empanada was to die for! Top it off with the apple empanada for dessert and you have one happy tummy!!This place is Beautiful. The food was wonderful! Several food stations with a variety of things to choose from!Let me just preface this by saying it's mainly a review of the Indian restaurant, TAVA. However, as been said before, Auction House Market is simply stunning! Although the concept is slightly reminiscent of a foodcourt, the decor and atmosphere bump this up and make it worth returning to again and again. 
Ok back to Tava. As an Indian, I find myself to be very picky of Indian food in this city. I'd heard Tava was delicious from multiple people but had to try it myself. One thing in particular I was excited about was their Dosa ( a South Indian dish kind of like a savory crepe with a spicy veggie filling). I have yet to find Dosa down here that is decent and I was very impressed with this one. The Dosa itself was perfection-tasty and crisp and fanned out in the traditional manner. They had a few filling options which was nice. The traditional filling is usually potato and onion but they were offering a chickpea one and a paneer one (an Indian homemade cheese that tastes like tofu). I went with the paneer. It was very good although it felt like they were a little timid with the spices, which is fair given their target audience. They served it with a veggie soup called sambar that was good but again overall bland. The real star in my option was their spicy coconut chutney sauce-I literally ate mine with a spoon and refused to share...whoops! 
We only had a short time so I didn't get to try their other items like their Kati rolls or chicken tikka quesadilla (*swoons*) but I am definitely excited to go back and try EVERYTHING on Tava's menu. 
PS- the cocktails at their stunning bar were also fantastic and tasted so fresh. We will be back!Great atmosphere! The food was good too. It's a fun place to come eat with friends and you have the opportunity to try different food vendors. There is also a bar. I would go again!This place is a Starbucks vibe on steroids. EMPA NOLA is the bees knees! Delicious empanadas and great service. Full bar makes it a one stop shopYes yes YES! Loved the food, just not the drinks. We are here twice over our stay in Nola. The Asian  Noodles and Mezcla were superb. Wished the coffee shop was open since we really craved something sweet. Great place, great atmosphere. Definitely go back when we visit Nola.Great place for families with several food options.
The empanadas were delicious, catfish po'boy and crab cakes also very good.
Good cocktails at the bar.
We actually came here several times!Asian-Licious Sushi is AWFUL to their customers. We waited an hour to get our sushi. My sister ended up cancelling her order because it was taking so long... the "owner" said she's not getting it because they don't have the fish. When were they going to tell us??? Then... he called my aunt an asshole. WHAT? Auction House Market... do better. Get rid of them.What a great food hall! 
Grab a "salty iguana" cocktail from the bar - it's delicious and one of the best cocktails I have ever had. I liked it so much, I had 3. 
Try the bbq shrimp and grits from Elysian. So good and definitely hits the spot. Their crab cakes is superb too! Honest we didn't have anything from their menu that we didn't like . 
Overall such a great experience, wonderful service and fun spot to hang out.Trying to understand how this place received 5 stars. At first this looked like a nice place to check out because they offer a variety of different ethnic foods. Place is overpriced, gumbo was under seasoned, and food took way too long to get. When the employee at the counter mentioned the shrimp po boy comes "cold" that should have been a red flag. I also checked out the empanada spot and they literally had one employee scrambling to cook the food and take the order. On top of that, he got my order wrong. If you want real authentic Creole food, do NOT come here.Great place. We loved the choices they offer.We visited 4 restaurants in the food hall.  We got tea at the coffee shop, and the woman there was so nice.  Then my daughter who is a vegetarian had the vegan red beans and rice - she loved it.  It was spicy and sauce was thin, but she thought it was delicious.  I ate at Market Deli.  I had fresh tomatoes and mozzarella over foccacia with pesto.  I LOVED it.  Tomatoes were fresh, mozzarella light and tasty.  The perfect lunch.  We got a cheese plate from the deli also.  Really enjoyed 2 of the 3 cheeses and the pickles.  Finished at the bakery.  Brownie and chocolate cookie were good not great.  Peach cookie a little bland.  My friend really liked the red velvet cake.  The place is very nice inside.  Clean and bright.  Cool bar in middle.  I would definitely go back for lunch.excellent location and food options.
Had the Indian food Dosa's from Tava, Gulf Shrimp from Elysian Seafood and Empanada's from Empanola.
Everything was excellent and food tasted great !Aubrey was extremely kind and helpful. The ambiance was very relaxing and the food was exceptional. Elysian had a wonderful crab cake breakfast and the breakfast platter was filling. Coast Roast Coffee had great coffee and Parish bakery had very good pastries at a reasonable price. Great place to stop for breakfast on the way to the WW2 National Museum.Came here twice with my good friends and the atmosphere is amazing.  I love the decor and how the place looks.  It's even better that they offer different types of food from vendors for you instead of just one type.  
The first time I went, I went to Le Mezcla for their crispy beef tacos and elote.  The tacos were a bit greasy for my preference but still good overall.  My friend and I also shared the chips and guac and chips and queso.  I was looking forward to the queso but it was kind of a letdown.  The guac was delicious though!  I'd definitely get that again.
The second time I went, I had a double crab salad poke bowl from Asian Licious.  The bowl came packed and it was definitely more than I was expecting to get but no complaints here!  I had to get a to-go box to cover the second half of it because it was a bit much to finish in one sitting.
Love coming here, hoping to come during the day next time to the Parish Bakery vendor.Casual place with plenty of choices. I stopped for a cup of coffee after an early flight. Nice relaxing place. In the evening it is more crowded with a large bar with happy hour prices. Food choices include deli, empanadas, oysters and many vegetarian/vegan optionsThis is a modern and chic food hall with a lot of international cuisines and fun options. I found this place refreshing after spending two full days in the older and less modern French Quarters. The lounge areas are really Instagrammable and there are tons of plants. They have leather chairs, marble tables, and all things Pinteresty and trendy. They have a bar area, seafood spot, sandwich spot, a boba shop, wine, Indian, Hawaiian, Filipino food and more. The space is great for gathering with large groups of friends because there's something for everyone here. Happy hour's weekdays between 4-7PM. They sell gift cards online that I am assuming you can use at any of the food stands. The bathroom is very cute and has lips wallpaper. The space is very bright and inviting. There's a lot of natural lighting. I prefer this food hall over the Pythian because of its inviting atmosphere.This is the perfect place to go when you want a variety of options. Its in a busy location downtown so you may have to search a bit for parking. The decor inside is really nice but seating is a bit tight and limited. I visited on a Friday during lunch so it was pretty busy.
All of the vendors had really appealing option but I settled on Empanola. I have eaten from this vendor at St Roch Market and I was pleased that the empanadas are really tasty. They are a bit on the small side so I chose the lunch special that comes with 2 and a bowl of soup. The tomato basil was delish and so were the empanadas. There are many flavors to choose from. They do take a lil bit bc they are baked to order. This location also offers a really nice private room for events. Great lunch option!This concept is pretty damn cool. Big bar in the center and then you have about 6/7 different restaurants around you. Basically you walk up to the restaurant, place your order, then the restaurant will walk over your food to the bar. Sushi was excellent! Casual Place.Came here to eat before going to the WWii museum. New taco stand soft opening, exec chef took our order (hot as hell) and super nice. Great easy menu. Food was AMAZING! Seriously amazing. Love this place. The decor is beautiful and they staff is super friendly. Prices are great too. Will be back for sure.Auction House Market is such a cool place--it's basically like a fancy food court! I got an iced coffee (which was definitely worth the price), and a ham and brie sandwich that came with blackbean hummus!!  Of course I also stopped by to see the bathroom, which is very pretty as well! This place is very good if you don't know what you want to eat, because there's so many options that you're bound to find something you like!Auction house market is definitely a place to chill and relax with some friends and to pick on small plates from different cuisines all in one area. I have ordered the chargrilled oyster which came out to be 25-30 dollars! It was chargrilled to perfection but I definitely can not justify the price. The sushi roll was also very yummy and it contained the basics with shrimp tempura, crab with cucumber inside. It was around 15 dollars as well. Even though the dishes were achieved to perfection, the prices were definitely not perfect.I have heard so many reviews of this place because of their variety, and yes, they do have a good variety of food that it was hard for me to choose! I went with my friends and we all got different things! I went when it wasn't too busy, but I waited a good 25 minutes to get my food. I'm not sure why since there was no one really around. I got a prosciutto sandwich and it was very tasty! I will definitely have to go back soon to see what we they have and taste it!It is a beautiful jungle in the city and a place to be lost in the magic of nature. It's an Instagram friendly food court with about 100s of specimen plants growing across the market! 
The market has lovely interiors and nice lighting. Lots of seating from comfortable couches, orange bar stools, granite dining tops, to cozy corners. 
We were there twice, once only to take pictures and the second time to eat. We ate at the Tava (just okay) and Empanola (good). I was here for a thai place which apparently got taken over by other vendors. So be sure to check their website before hand. I would recommend anyone to stop by irrespective.
We loved the ambience here. The vibe is very romantic and fun. A very nice location to hangout with friends or loved ones. 
We will definitely be back!Food halls are up and coming and I love how they have a few of them in NOLA now. This is one of the newer ones and I like it. It has a little bit of everything in terms of eclectic cuisine - Filipino, Indian, American, etc. In the middle there is a bar with a lot of greenery. I loved the modern, yet very inviting atmosphere. If you like places, where you can just chill, this is one of them. Come meet a friend for some coffee and treats. Hungry? Grab some yummy bites from the various food vendors. Need a post-work drink? Visit the bar and bring your friends for a social hour. Be sure to check out what happy hour specials they have. Also, check-in on Yelp at the individual pages of the businesses there and you may see a check-in offer come up. They even have gift cards for the Auction House that you can use at the different food & beverage stations. I always look forward to being back there.