We went to this place 4 times in our 3 day stay in New Orleans. The Best Orange Juice I have ever tasted!!! We kept coming back for more! Also try the bagel sandwich! Definitely cured the hangover from too many hand grenades on Bourbon St. the night before!great cafe!, we were visiting NOLA for NYE and stayed at an apartment nearby. our first morning we just wanted a nice cup of coffee and good ol' yelp brought us here. it did not disappoint, we ended up coming here every day during our stay! we enjoyed pour overs and pressed coffee and a delicious sweet potato, maple, bacon biscuit. all highly recommended!While during my stay in the Garden District I stumbled upon this place while just walking around looking for a local coffee shop. It's a cute shop with amazing coffee! I had the iced coffee New Orleans style, and it was probably one of the greatest iced coffees I've ever had!  I sat outside and enjoyed the weather and view. :)We love this place. Clean, chill, with great food and coffees. Never too busy and the staff is really nice.Love the fresh fruit juices!  Owners are the nicest!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND :)A gem of a coffee shop. Friendly staff, clean, pleasant decor. I was in town for a few days and did not care to eat in my hotel's restaurant. Was so pleased to have this place down the street.I wrote my previous review a few years ago and boy have things changed at Avenue Cafe! It is now an excellent place to get coffee and breakfast. Must be a good place to work now, because the staff stays the same, so you can go in and order your "usual" and they know exactly what to do. The breakfast bagel sandwiches are awesome, as is the spinach and goat cheese salad. This place also served me the best hot mocha I've had in ages not too long ago. Mickey, the owner, really did a great job in turning this place around. A solid five stars for being my favorite neighborhood cafe now.great cold brew coffee, great service, recycles and cares about the environment which is great to see in a city that normally doesn't and the bacon biscuit is great too!Avenue Cafe has undergone quite a few changes, all for the better. New(ish) ownership by people who actually understand coffee culture and offering a pleasant daytime environment. 
Bright space with good coffee, great cold brew and tasty pastries. Haven't pulled out the laptop here because the tables are usually full! I'll have to stop by earlier in the AM to fully see the place in action. Soon.Excellent espresso-based coffees. Best latte I have had over the past 6 weeks in the US, such a great surprise. Aussies in Nola, get a great coffee here. Located just by a St Charles streetcar stop. Only down side was its a bit expensive at $4 per cup.The food is good and the fresh squeezed juices are great, but this is NOT a brunch spot. It's order off the menu and breakfast consist of sandwiches and quiche.. Also serves good coffee, espresso, cappuccino,  lattes etc. I'm giving them a 2.5 stars because anyplace that has a tip jar at the counter and expects tips before they service you or provide a product is just not ok. What has American cafes come to? People think they deserve more money just because they took your order. These aren't real waitresses or waiters who actually provide a service and bring food to you then check on you to make sure everything is ok...that's how a tip is earned. People should look up the acronym for tip and then deliver the professionalism part. Standing behind a counter with a smile should be expected and should continue...but to earn a tip...work for it AmericaHipster paradise. Great coffee, and you can get your pour over, cold brew, etc that you want. Real cups and glasses if you're eating in.
My croissant sandwich was kinda dry and not as freshly made as I would have expected in a place like this. 
They have wifi and plenty of space, so of seems like a good place to work. People do that, but not to the extent that they take over the place.Every time I go to the cafe, they always charge me something different for the only 1 item I get from the cafe.  The last time I went she explains to me that she's been charging me the wrong price for the tuna and that I suppose to get a 2oz cup of tuna for $3.00.. I wish I could post a pic of what she wanted to give me for $3.00 . I advice her I will never visit this cafe again .I really like this place. I do wish they were open past 8pm though.  This area is missing cafes that are open past this hour (something I miss greatly from when I used to live in the Carrollton area). Anyway, the staff is really nice. At one time, I had carrot juice, and it was good.  The first time, I ate a croissant, and the person who was working at the time thought she might have burned it. She said if it was, I could give it back, and she could give me a new one. It wasn't burnt, but the gesture was nice. I'll update the review when I have some coffee.I am a coffee addict. Never read any of the stupid lists of "best coffee in NOLA" with the Avenue Cafe into it. And is not fair. The place got nice bartenders, who know their job, is not expensive at all, got plenty of space to sit, outdoors and indoors, is clean and got a wide range of opening hours. But seems not to be hipster enough to be on that lists. And, honestly, that makes me feel bad for the owners, 'cause they are making less money, but it's great for me: I can go there anytime and not find it crowded, and they will not rise the prices absurdly. In the meantime, is one of the best coffee spots in New Orleans, and one of the less pretentious, which make it even better.Cute little place for breakfast. Staff was nice, coffee was very good, and ham and Swiss quiche was great as well. I thought $6.50 for a large slice of delicious quiche with a side salad was very reasonable. I will be back.Great service. Good selection of pastries. Good chai latte. Good location - super close to trolley stop.Clean, organized, organic, and the staff is lovely. Maple Bacon cheddar sweet potato biscuit was super yummy. they also have fresh squeezed juices and artisan coffee. I am a huge coffee snob, and I give this my seal of approval! They have lots of natural and organic sweeteners, as well as a full selection of milk alternatives (coconut,almond). All the baked goods look amazing. I wanted to eat everything.Excellent veggie quiche  & spinach croissant. We have eaten there every day since arrive her for the essence festival.Good coffee and pastries.  I had the cold brew, which was refreshing and tasty! Got the artichoke heart and caramelized onion brioche.  Tasty, but more artichoke than onion flavor- I love caramelized onions so I wish they were a bit more prominent.  
They had recycling, garbage, and compost there, which we appreciated since New Orleans tends to have a lot of styrofoam and no recycling!Great coffee, pastries and sandwiches. Loved that they had a variety of alternate milks. Many coffee shops either just have milk or Soy. Coffee had a sweet smooth taste.The food was really good and delicious! My problem was the service. Girl with green hair has resting bitch face and an attitude that needs to be knocked off her shoulder. I think she doesn't realize she works in a customer position position and her rudeness needs to get in check. 
The food part was delicious and I'm sad that because of how rude the girl was I will not be returning.Great spot to watch the world go by on St.  Charles whilst sipping a great latte or two. Food is prepared with love. Hearty maple bacon sweet potato muffin and their multigrain bread are but two delightful pastry treats.I happened to walk by this place while watching the marathon and I decided to drop in for breakfast. I was really happy to find they make fresh squeezed juices on the spot. I got a carrot-apple juice and it was just like I make at home. This alone was enough to make me love the place. I sat in the window and had a great view of the race, and some fun people watching. I also ordered a toasted bagel with honey-pecan cream cheese. It was good, but I was kinda wishing for a little more cream cheese than they give you. Maybe that's just what I'm used to being originally from NYC where they give you a slab of cream cheese with a bagel. They had a nice looking selection of quiches and if I was going to be in the area longer I'd definitely like to try them out!For a place that has the word "bagel" printed on the building front I was extremely disappointed to find the bagel was sitting in a display case wrapped in saran wrap. It was nothing special I could have bought a better bagel from rouses to toast in my own kitchen. 
After my first visit I was disappointed and went on to find better breakfast options (which New Orleans is in no short supply!)Simple but great tasting food. The ham quiche was awesome. Good coffee and great service. 16 bucks for breakfast for two people. Awesome!Great little cafe.  Wifi if you need it.  Great for breakfast bagels.  Real bagels that were good.  I had the bagel with lox of course.  Good coffee and reasonable price.  Hours go into the night.  I think maybe around 9:00.  Recommend to go, sit and chat.
Similar to Starbucks situation but, independent restaurant.My husband and I could not stop coming back here during our week long stay in NOLA. The coffee is good, the food is good, bit they are a little on the slow side. Other than that, every experience we had at the Avenue Cafe was great.I was in a rush, so really didn't get a chance to take it all in. I ordered a triple espresso and I got it pretty fast. Espresso tasted awesome, unlike PJs. I checked out their pastry case and it looked amazingly delightful and fresh. The place is very open, and not like a traditional coffee place; they have an iPad for the register! It's more of a modern, office type place. Staff was friendly, place was SPOTLESS, coffee was amazing. I will be back, and next time I'll grab a bite to eat!I wouldn't have even known this place existed if a friend hadn't told me about it, big I'm glad I do now. I'm vegan and they have great dessert options. 
I love a simple quick breakfast, when I'm on the go and this is the place for that. 
I had the bagel with hummus, spinach, and tomatoes. The bagels are HUGE. I could only eat half of one, so definitely worth the money. The vegan samosas are also very good. The pastry melts in your mouth. 
The only odd thing was my beet juice was lukewarm, which made it taste a little different.I just had the fresh squeezed carrot juice! Delicious!  All there food looks so good/tempting!My go-to spot for a great salad, coffee, pastry! Staff is friendly and food is consistently fresh and well prepared. I'm stuck on the spinach salad which always has perfectly ripe strawberries.Siting here once a week they have some vegan choices , great latte love the bagels and the environment the tables outside has great breeze .. Worth checking it outWhenever I travel, I always look for a go-to cafe and Avenue Cafe was my home every morning on my trip to NOLA. I was staying at a nearby hotel and am so glad I found this little gem. Do yourself a favor and get some fresh squeezed juice there! The shop itself is air conditioned (YAS) and the staff is friendly.LOVED Avenue Cafe! I was in town last week for a business trip with my father - we ate here Friday morn right before a 5-hour meeting. I ordered a hummus bagel sandwich (on a gluten-free bread). I knew I would not be eating any protein till later so the kindest employee, Berçin, put some extra hummus on it for me. Turns out she makes the hummus from her family's recipe in Turkey! .... Delicious and kept me going strong through the entire meeting! It should be called "Berçin's 5-hour Energy Hummus Bagel" :) I also had a large juice (beet, carrot, celery and ginger). So impressed with Avenue that before our flight that night I got 2 vegan gluten free brownies to go. Would be there all the time if I lived in Nola! Thank you Avenue & Berçin for your excellent service, recipe, and kindness! You made my trip very special.We found this adorable hipster cafe in the garden district pretty close to our hotel, Hotel Indigo. 
I had the bagel sandwich with sopressata, provolone, and organic eggs on an everything bagel with fresh squeezed orange juice. 
The cafe has tons of fresh squeezed juices, organic food options and very tempting pastries. 
The walls are decorated with local art for sale and has a hipster feel. Glad we wandered into this gem!This place is great! I love the space and the view. The coffee is really good and the sugar selection is pretty awesome!This is a delightful spot right in the middle of the avenue. They have pastries, fruits, smoothies, coffee drinks, tea and the like.
On the night I stopped in, it was kind of late and I was craving some carrot and beet juice (who doesn't?!) and I was majorly bummed when the woman behind the counter told me that they had just begun breaking down the juice machine. Really made me blue, especially since they were an hour from closing. I decided to get an iced green tea. It was okay, and I really have no complaints. It didn't knock my socks off, but it's tea.
I like the atmosphere here. A lot of tables and chairs for people to study (many were) and a lot of space to spread out. There's a nice seating area by the window, so you can look out onto the avenue as you enjoy your breakfast, lunch or coffee.
I definitely want to return and actually try their fruit juice. I'll be happy to re-review upon a future visit.You know a place is good when it's absolutely bustling in the morning, and it's all pretty much just locals. They have an amazing selection of both breakfast and lunch foods, and a very large selection of drinks. The drinks you're also very unique, so aside from the normal coffee's, they also have lots of juices and smoothies. There's plenty of seating, plenty of outlets, and a nicely stored bathroom. The Wi-Fi here is also super fast, and I've never had a problem with connections. However, sometimes the service is a little slow during peak times, but the food is definitely worth the wait!Small coffee and sandwich shop. It's right on St Charles with very few places to park out front. 
They have a great selection of coffee and tea as well as pastries and sandwiches. If you are a coffee snob, like me, you can get french press too.Walked in at 8:23 pm. Wouldn't make me a sandwich. Only concerned with going home. Not very nice people.This was our go to place for breakfast during our recent stay.  Quiches, coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice were all very good!  Very friendly staff.This place is a short walk from our timeshare at Avenue Plaza. The staff is very friendly. I had a plain bagel with their home made marmalade and their 24 oz smoothie. So good I would not even share a bite. My wife had a quiche and fresh squeezed orange juice. This was our second visit in three days. They have sandwiches for breakfast and lunch. Everything is very fresh and delicious. There is a continuous flow of customers but there is plenty of seating available. Make this one of your stops on St. Charles Avenue. Free WIFI.Looking for a place to eat an early breakfast was a laborious task. Luckily, I happened upon this place on yelp!
I had a croissant and a tea... it was good. I liked their tea selection. I had the vanilla nut creme decaf tea and I added cream and sugar to it. English Style.
The croissant was warmed and I got butter and jam delicious. 
There are plenty of outlets for computer users, so don't forget your power cords!
Free wifi. nice staff. 
I'd hit it.This place is right next to the St. Charles trolley stop restaurant. It's easily missed. They serve the freshest juices and delicious breakfast croissant egg sausage and bagel sandwiches. I would recommend this place over the above mentioned.I just wanted to start by saying that the coffee shop has been under new ownership since February. But this is my favorite place ever to study!! I am here probably 5 days a week - no exaggeration. Micki (the owner) is the best and all of the other employees are incredibly nice. The environment is sometimes quiet and sometimes noisier depending on the day and time. They take your order and bring the food out to you when it's ready, so you're never waiting in line for very long like in other places. The staff is very friendly but still very professional, the bathrooms are always clean, and the best part is they have the best coffee I have found anywhere in NOLA.I go there frequently and give this place a solid 4 stars.  Their house coffee, Tanzania Peaberry, is some of the best I've had. I order the granola and a bagel and that sets my morning up right.  The tables are just a little close together but other than that, great cafe.So happy we found this gem! Good coffee and food. We had bagel sandwich, chocolate croissant, and an Americano.  Very friendly staff and a view!  The owner was super nice and we wish him and Avenue Cafe all the best! Buying a second cup to go!I drive out of my way and fight to find parking because this coffee is SO GOOD! And the people are so nice. I always get a New Orleans style iced coffee (large is only 4.25!) and a piece of quiche. Sometimes I switch it up and get the morning glory bread (zucchini+carrot+cinnamon bread) or their bacon sweet potato biscuit, it's all absolutely delicious. I have also had their iced caramel latte and their Japanese style iced coffee, which was great too, but the New Orleans style iced coffee is what keeps me coming. Strong, slightly sweet and smooth.This is a great cafe. The coffee is good- especially the New Orleans ice coffee in the summer and the espresso is good.The food is delicious, in particular the quiche. 
They always have soccer on which I love. This is a great coffee shop to work/study in.Reliable coffee shop that I frequent at least twice a week. My fav dish is the quiche with salad, pretty affordable and yummy lunch option. Nice ambiance, comfortable seating and decent Internet. By far one of the best coffee shops for those that need a place to work/study in NOLA.Always very pleasant.  The coffee is wonderful and bagels are fresh.  The service is quiet, quick and efficient.  The sounds of the place varies but always up beat.I indulged in a beautiful and savory salad (honey drizzled over a Dijon vinaigrette arugula, blue cheese, pecan, and prosciutto...one of the best salads ever) and amazingly tasty cold brew coffee.  The young woman at the counter was super pleasant and gladly offered to make me the salad, even though it was a variation of the 2 offered on the menu. And free wifi to boot! I can't imagine a better way to spend a very rainy holiday afternoon.The two girl working the counter seemed overwhelmed, but needlessly so. When I approached the cashier, she told me to wait. I was nice, didn't mind. Eventually ordered our stuff - two coffee drinks and breakfast sandwiches. Not hard.
Firstly, they don't call out your drinks, so if you sit down, you won't know they're ready. The girls will not yell out for you or come find you, either. Secondly, it took them twenty five - 2 5 - minutes to make a bacon-sausage-cheese bagel with 3 ingredients pre-cooked, AND they just assumed somebody made my burrito and forgot about it. Thirdly, we were not the only ones in there, no, but everyone received the same crap service. No smiles, no help, and everything was the customer's fault.
I'm a barista at a coffee shop on Magazine. I know how this works. These people need better training and a serious overhaul in customer service.Coffee drinks are all great and the food is tasty, light and healthy. Plus the internet always works. This is everything a cafe should be.Great spot with lots of healthy options 2 minutes walk from Avenue Plaza resort. Sandwiches, smoothies, coffees and bagels. Great vegetarian and Vegan options. We had 2 sandwiches and they were both fresh and delicious. Friendly staff, fresh food and reasonable prices make this a solid breakfast or lunch option.This place has the best Club Sandwich in NOLA, no joke. The coffee is good too, and it is locally roasted. The pastries are tasty too. Good cafe!Got the New Orleans style iced coffee and drip coffee.  Both really delicious! Friendly fast service. Great environment. Fun for a quick stop :)Oh, I'm happy they are open until 9PM! Later is better, but I'll take it.  Staff is still just as friendly.  I must say I'm an absolute fan of the New Orleans Iced Coffee.  Let me just say, I'm really picky with coffee.  I drink espresso, and I add the right amount of sugar and milk.  So, everytime I order brew, even a flavored latte, while "good" it's never good enough. It's always missing something. Well, I must admit that iced coffee was almost near perfection to the point that I had to slow myself down.  That cold brew was soooo good.  Support the local businesses!Croissant sandwich was delicious. Don't be in a hurry, very chill. The consummate Big Easy experience. The store was located in the Garden District and the locals were aplenty. Good people watching!We've come here every time we visit New Orleans. It's never super crowded, the menu is simple but somewhat diverse, and the crowd doesn't seem to be touristy. Super chill and laid back vibes. Fresh squeezed OJ and croissant/bagel sandwiches are my favorite kind of breakfast and they do it well here. The pastries always look so temping but I've yet to try them. Highly recommend!After too many days of heavy and fried, I was desperate for something fresh, light, and anything green. Avenue cafe to the rescue. I had the tomato basil quiche with salad, Apple and carrot juice and an iced latte. Hubby had the grilled cheese and soppresetta(?) with a side salad. Everything was delicious. Light, cheerful atmosphere.I absolutely love this place! The owners/staff are super friendly and the service is exceptional. The food is fresh and healthy(except for the sinful pastries) and mostly local. Hands down, this is my favorite cafe in town!Amazing food!! Amazing people!! Comfortable prices,  VEGAN options!!! 5 star place! Coffee is wonderful,  service was good, friendly employees.  The location is great, saint Charles is a beautiful street.Fourth day in a row. Still the cleanest, best food we've eaten in NO. The cafe au lait is the best I've had-ever. Highly recommend!We ate at this fantastic cafe almost every morning of our week long vacation in New Orleans! We were staying just down the street and loved having this cafe close by. The bagel sandwich and croissant sandwich are both delicious, and we loved the option for fresh juices! The coffee here was delicious too, it was one of the few good spots for espresso we found during our trip. My boyfriend really enjoyed the vegan bagel sandwich, as it was admittedly hard to find fresh veggies or vegetarian options at the majority of restaurants in the French Quarter (where we ate most of our meals). Coming from Seattle, this cafe reminded us of home!They have the best iced coffee here. Great salads and sandwiches. Plenty of room to hang out and read a book or something.My favorite cafe in New Orleans, and one of my favorites in all cities. Cortado is great, service is wonderful, salmon bagel for breakfast is spot on. The two times I've been here have been great.Good and not crowded. The staff has been pleasant every time I've been there. Not even close to being as cliquish as other N.O. coffee houses.Excellent food! Very friendly staff. The carrot juice is amazing!!! Keep up the good work.Vegan Bagel and a fresh squeezed pineapple juice was a great light lunch for us! The juice was insanely fresh, and totally worth it! Only regret was not asking for the bagel to be toasted! Nice seating options and quite an extensive coffee menu!Best cold-brew coffee shop in the Lower Garden District. The owner and every barista I've encountered are all super-friendly, especially once they get to know you. Each one is trained to prepare the coffee in the same way, so the taste rarely varies depending on who makes it.
The check-out process is easy, especially if you use a charge card. Loyalty points are kept in the system, so you don't have to worry about losing yet another rewards card.As much as I love this delightful little cafe and everyone who works in it, I cannot give them a fourth star. The coffee is amazing, they do a great sandwich, an amazing quiche, a perfect soy milk hot cocoa with a tiny hint of hazelnut.... They just don't do any of it quickly.
There are way too many people standing around behind the counter to be getting that little done. I have somewhere to be. There is absolutely no sense of urgency here. 
On many occasions, I've been promised that my order would only take a minute & then witnessed that 1. Noone had begun making anything and 2. My quiche had yet to be put into the warmer. A coworker of mine once spent 10 minutes waiting for her order before I arrived to find her in a very similar situation. 
In order to overcome this, I now call in my order when I leave home so it's definitely ready by the time I make it uptown. This seems to work. So far. 
Good luck & Godspeed of you were on your way to work.Great vegan and gluten free sweet treat options.  They have almond milk for dairy free patrons and I thrilled with their composting efforts and organic choices.  This cafe was everything I could ask for, while being earth / environmentally friendly.We stayed in walking distance, and ate here a couple of times. My go to was the croissant. flaky, tasty, buttery, just so yummy! Hubs really wanted to eat there every day, but it is on the pricier side for breakfast but if you are looking for some fresh squeezed juice and savory pastries, go for it!Good coffee, my husband and I got the croissant sandwich as well as the bagel sandwich. While I love bagels, I wasn't personally a fan of the salami that came on it. Luckily my husband did enjoy that one, the croissant with ham was awesome!I'm not upset with homeless folks but this dude is always standing near the front entrance asking for money. Every day. The staff don't seem to mind.  Some of your customers might, if more panhandlers start showing up.  Still giving you a 3 rating but holding back 1 star for the storefront situation.Fresh squeezed orange juice tastes like Cuties or Halos.  SO delicious.  The mimosa is made with the same juice.  The orange cranberry scone was a perfect scone.  The plain bagel with the honey pecan cream cheese was perfect. It's not cheap but it's really good quality food.Spent many afternoons here for study sessions. A good spot to meet up friends. Great, reliable wifi. It's reasonably priced. Depending on how much you want to spend on your cafe day...avenue can be cheap. Plenty of seating, though sometimes it can get a bit noisy in the kitchen.Had the croissant egg sandwich, it was actually not bad for a small cafe. They are definitely more on the small breakfast side than an actual sit down and have your bacon and eggs. Tried the freshly squeezed apple juice, and the cappuccino, not bad at all.I hate to give them one star, because I used to go there just about every day for the frozen coffee. However, after going through yet another management change, I'm guessing, and having what seems to be a constantly revolving staff who never have the time to get to know you, this place has gone WAY downhill in the past few months. They are out of most of the bagels before lunchtime. What the hell? The frozen coffee machine broke a few weeks back and they won't get it fixed. The employees who knew me don't work there anymore, and the ones who do are (and I'm SO SORRY to say this) old and need hearing aids. I don't like having to yell at someone for them to get my order right. I've worked in coffee shops before. IT IS NOT HARD to have a successful coffee shop that people like and will come back to. Hate to say because I used to love them, but avoid avoid avoid. It's just not worth it.this coffee shop was not. both our drinks were made wrong. my iced mocha came in three distinct striated layers and included no espresso. it did include milk all over the outside of the less than bar quality go cup. her iced red eye came as a single shot americano watered down with 20 oz of refreshing tap water. now it should be noted that at various times in my life i have literally eaten out of dumpsters "cafe beignet" so i am not apicky person but being charged 9 dollars for guess work drinks is a fail. go elsewhereAvenue Cafe is situated on St. Charles, easily accessible and full of good, seemingly quick options for breakfast, coffee and juice. The wait time had me wanting to dole out a meager 3 stars, but the food and juice bumped it up for me.
We'd been out late the night before and nothing sounded better than a big breakfast sandwich and some fresh juice. I ordered a bagel breakfast sandwich with sausage, eggs and gouda which was a winner. Now it's hard for me to know why, but it took for-ever to get the sandwich. Multiple times I thought that they had forgotten about the order because it wasn't all that busy in there.
My fresh juice came out quickly, and I played it safe with an orange and apple juice and it was delicious, especially after walking around in a fog for the first couple hours of the day. 
One really good thing is you can grab breakfast if you're, oh say getting up and around at 1 p.m. They don't judge. 
Worth going to based on the food, but plan ahead for a wait!They were sooooo slow. And though the brie/apple topped bagel was good, they were very light on the apple and brie... For 6 bucks, both halves of the bagel could have gotten some apple and brie. The latte was fine.Stayed in a hotel near the avenue cafe.  Delicious cocoa cruffin (we had surmised it was a cross between a croissant and a muffin, whatever it is, it's yummy), fresh squeezed juices and strong espresso.   Great breakfast spot.Overall a decent espresso cafe but a real disappointment from when it was La Monde.  I have had 3 stale bagels and the croissants that were big puffy dough balls and not flaky and buttery.  The staff is great, you don't get that New Orleans 'I wear black and work in a coffee house, I'm soo better than you'  attitude.  I just wish they would bring their pastry product back up to snuff.  I'll continue to sop by for coffee but will not eat there any more.Wonderful spot to sit, relax and enjoy a cup of joe. By far my favorite coffee shop in the city and I've been living here for 3 years. 
The service is always fast, extremely friendly, and enjoyable. The food is perfect for a lighter meal or snack to go with your coffee.Always good coffee. Very friendly staff. Welcoming environment. Definitely a place to get some work done or have a coffee date/meeting.Wow. If there's a better place in NOLA to get a coffee & savory pastry, I don't know what it is.  Jalapeño sausage in a croissant?  Come on.  Ham & parmesan croissant?  Got it.  Sweets are great here, too, I'm just fanatical about Thais savories. Really good vegan options, too.  
You know it's gonna be good when they tell you it's going to take 6 or 7 minutes to heat your pastry.  It's because they have a real warming oven (I assume it's Italian) instead of murdering it in a microwave.  
You can just tell a lot of thought goes into every aspect of this place.  Environmental, with a compost option for your refuse.  
Always a mixed crown here of hotels & neighborhood, domestic & international.  Plenty of street parking & clean restrooms.Nice place to relax with good food. Great place to work, read, or enjoy a coffee with friends.The service and food here was excellent. My family and I don't eat ham, and the workers had no problem substituting some turkey or chicken for us to enjoy our meal. I had the hazelnut latte with a cinnamon-rasin bagel and the combination was very good. They have all kinds of freshly squeezed juices from apple to carrot to pineapple, and the cashier was very helpful while we were sorting out what we wanted to get. Would definitely be a regular here if we weren't visiting from California. WiFi is also available inside.Fast service and great food. I had the everything bagel with soprisota, egg and cream cheese. Perfect.
My girlfriend had the croissant with ham and an egg and it was of course delicious as well. 
Very fair pricing and relaxed environment.Quaint little place to be able to hop off the trolley and get a great cup of coffee and pastries.Quite a bit of traffic going in and out speaks well for the place. Prices are reasonable. and nice place to meet with friends.So good! sandwiches, salads, and breakfast sandwiches - we had a number of choices as vegetarians. Everything was really fresh and they make a delicious strawberry lemonade.Maybe 3.5 stars.  We stopped at lunchtime on a Friday and had a salad and a sandwich.  These were very fresh and nicely prepared.  Iced tea was good but the almond milk in my companion's cappuccino tasted spoiled.  A hipster vibe as others have noted, with several folks typing on their laptops at the tables.  Prices decent.Stood in line for 15 mins to get a coffee. Watched three people "collaborate" on a single bagel while another measured almond milk 4 times before adding it to a drink while they all refused to either acknowledge or help the ever growing line. Eventually walked out with most of the people in line after throwing 2 dollars on the counter for a bottle of water (they also refused to acknowledge this)...This is a great place to stop for healthy food. We've eaten there three days in a row now and honestly it's been the best food we've eaten in NO since we arrived. Try the Greek yogurt with granola and fresh fruit. The cafe au lait is the best I've had. The staff is very likeable.Great spot, good atmosphere. My latte was great, my husband had a clever coffee which didn't wow him but he said it was good. (But he is a coffee snob) We had a maple bacon sweet potato biscuit that was amazing! Over all good experience.Very good food ranging from breakfast sandwiches to bakery goods.  I had a Morning Glory loaf which was very nice.  I do prefer darker roasted coffee than Lavazza, which they serve.Needed a quick breakfast before 7AM and I found it here! They're toast and homemade cream cheese were delicious and fresh squeezed juice was amazing! Will definitely be back.The smoked salmon bagel was delicious.  Great coffee and service. A nice neighborhood spot to take a break and refuel.We had great service the day we were here.  It really hit the spot on a steamy day.  Lots of options on the sandwich and the tea was cold and tasty.  Server was the only one working and provided great, friendly service.A block and a half walk from our hotel.  Ordered a mocha that was $5.50.  Espresso only comes in 12 ounces and only whole, soy or almond milk.  Other coffees available such as drip, french pressed and New Orleans style.  Server was friendly and delivered my scalding hot almond mocha within about 10 minutes (I was the only one here). Nice, quiet atmosphere (at 8 am).  I would come back as it is quite convenient but I'll most likely stick to a cuppa drip.Surprisingly good sandwiches. Fresh with good veggie options. Convenient if you are going to visit the interesting houses in the Garden District. Clearly a neighborhood hangout, which counts as a major positive in my book.I was running errands before work on a weekday and realized I was STARVING. I stopped in for a breakfast sammich and was very pleased. The space was bigger than I expected. The menu was pretty big, but I just got a bagel sandwich to go and a pastry out of the display. Both items were tasty and the iced tea was strong and not bitter.
The staff was lovely and helpful and the store was really clean. I didn't think service was slow as other folks have commented but I knew I was asking for a freshly cooked item.  I need to remember to stop in more often.EXCELLENT! Super friendly service, soft chewy bagel topped with cream cheese, pickled onion, tomato and spinach (veggie sandwich). Great latte, and chocolate croissant.Great vibe.  Chicken salad ok. Salmon, toasted bagel were great.  I cleaned the table.  Not much in the area.  I would still go back.Croissant sandwich and cappuccino were very good. I little pricey though. Just don't come here if you are starving. They are sloooowwwww.....We stopped here for dinner because we were craving healthy food after a few days of eating out in the French quarter. Their salad dressing is to die for good. Seriously. I need to find out what's in it. I love that they compost and separate trash. Everyone seemed friendly and they got major points for having a HONY book on the shelf. 
My only complaint is that the staff member preparing our food was doing several other things in between and not washing hands. It made us cringe...This cafe is right off the main St. Charles strip,  with a little bit of street parking in the front, but the roads itself forces parking down the side.   Walking into this shop, it's all one room, with the bar on the left and seating in front of you. 
I ordered an Americano to start and it came out quickly, served straight to where I sat down.  Good, rich flavor, but missing some of the mouth feel of the better Americano I have had.... oh well!  coffee! 
I chose Avenue specifically from a friend's recommendation, and as a coffee shop to sit down for a few hours, it's been good.  Quiet background music, with a mix between Pharell, smooth Jazz, and some other non-memobrable tunes, it is not too loud where I can't here myself think.  There is Wi Fi, which came on easily (no password), and they have several plug outlets for working professionals (there are at least 6 of us with laptops
Super well-lit, thanks to the huge open windows at the front ( which would make it a good place to read a book for a while), and ample seating.  Seating isn't conducive to being here for a long while to read that same book as it 's all benches, metal stools, and wooden chairs, along with patio seating
The barista behind the counter explained the coffee as being sourced from a few different areas: Local NOLA roasters, some imported, so that's a plus.  Second cup of coffee: drip coffee, deep sour notes with a woodsy back-end~ tasted fairly fresh, not as if it has been sitting in a thermos for more than 5 minutes and came out steaming hot. 
Nice temperature inside! I was here in the morning, so it was still relatively cool. and the giant trees outside the main walk provide shade for the building.   I also liked the commitment to supporting local artists. There are photos all over the place for sale with small $ price tags and they have an artists sketch depot in the corner where you  could pick up local prints. 
Good spot overall, but the seating makes it feel like it's time to move on after a bit.Great place for people having a vegan diet. Freshly squeezed juice is another highlight. Several coffee choices including drip, pour over ..among the other regular choices. Would surely recommend!Discovered Avenue Cafe following an afternoon walking tour of the Garden District gawking at gorgeous homes. The food was delicious! I had a Greek salad, which is one of my favorite kinds of salad. Most Greek salads disappoint, often missing one or more of the key ingredients that make them what they are. Avenue's salad was perfect: fresh beautiful greens, cucumber, kalamata olives, tomatoes, feta-- everything as it should be and with a great dressing. Hubby had the turkey sandwich which he described as "decent", with an excellent side salad. My pomegranate iced tea was very refreshing. Staff was friendly and helpful. All in all a great experience.I consider Starbucks to be a 2 star coffee place.  Avenue cafe is a 4, in my book.  
As others have stated, wifi is free and easy. Outdoor seating, but ouch, those tables and chairs look painful and likely pointless.  T
They do cater to a variety of folks.  Vegan, meaties, healthfuls, gluten intolerant,  which I find impressive.  I tried the bacon sweet potato biscuit.  I would have liked it warmed up.  The New Orleans style cold brew coffee pushed it to 4 for me.   Right thing at the right time
Others have complained on the service, but I had no issues at all.
After visiting neighboring spot the district, I rescind a star.  They are nice and tastierThe choices here were fresh and clean: several varieties of fresh squeezed juices, bagels, toast (with several varieties of spreads) pastries as well as quiche.  
My husband had the croissant sandwich (ham, egg and fontina) and I had the parmesan ham croissant.  They also had fresh bananas and apples.  Hubby also had the tea bread, which had seeds, nuts, zucchini and carrots.  He said it was delicious.
We also both had iced coffees, perfect for warm weather, just sweet enough without being too sweet.
We sat outside which was quiet and shady.
You cant really go wrong here.This place is a neighborhood staple! They are extremely nice and always have a smile for you. I recommend the veggie bagel sandwich. Thanks Avenue Cafe for allowing us to wait out the storm with good brew, food and friendly staff!Nice casual coffee place near our hotel on St. Charles Street. Yummy.If you are looking for a nice quiet place with wifi, Avenue Café is perfect. It's small and quiet and on the beautiful St. Charles Street. You can look out and get some inspiration over a cup of coffee or tea. If you get a tad hungry you won't be disappointed with their selection of sandwiches and pastries. I highly recommend the Panini, try a turkey with swiss and roasted peppers. Check this place out tucked away next to Trolley Stop Café.
Every time I visit Avenue Cafe, I feel like I'm going to just start writing a novel at any moment.This place is great!  You have to try the gluten free coconut macaroons and the vegan ginger molasses cookies!  The food is delicious and the people are nice.I was heading to Walgreens and saw this cute cafe decide to try it. It was really good. The only reason they get 4 stars is because  they were a little slow taking my order due to chatting  but otherwise fantastic.One of my favorite place, very cozy. Good atmosphere, not loud, nice people, delicious coffee. They have fresh sqweezed juices. Grapefruit juice is my favorite. :)Nice location and very layed back. Excellent pastries and the morning glory to die for with some butter and a very strong cup of coffee.I'm visiting New Orleans for the weekend and staying near the Avenue Cafe. They breakfast selection is great and the coffee is fantastic. Also, the customer service is top notch. I recommend stopping by.Went back since, and have tried their quiche and a few pastries. All of their heavier lunch fare comes with either a small side salad or some chips. Delicious! The (I assume) owner was even sweet enough to not only remember me and my girlfriend from the last time I had been there, but asked me how my food was and geniunely wanted to know. Yep, I will be a regular here!We stayed nearby at the Avenue Plaza Hotel and decided to try this place for breakfast one morning since it's practically next door.  The service was crap and the food was room temperature.
I ordered the Green Eggs and Scram. The gal at the counter said, "Provolone or swiss?"  I said, "Can I have cheddar?"  She said, "It comes with either provolone or swiss, and that's what people usually get. Yeah, we can put cheddar on there."  I'm not giving the conversation justice in this review at all.  Her tone was snotty (actually it was pretty bitchy) as if I was asking her to add some odd or obscure item that wasn't on the menu anywhere.  It was really bizarre.  Her attitude was as if I was a bother to her.
It took a very long time for our order to arrive.  I didn't time it, but there were 4 of us, and we kept commenting to each other that it was taking forever.  We were the only customers in the place at the time, and yet there were 2 employees working, so we're not sure why it took so long.  When our food DID arrive, 3 out of 4 meals were room temperature!  They apparently didn't know how to time the cooking of our breakfasts or have no plate warmer or any method to keep food warm in the kitchen.  Either that, or these kids that work at this place just don't care.
Needless to say, we did not return to this place even though it was convenient to our hotel, the same hotel where we own a timeshare and will be coming back over and over in the future.  While we'll be spending our nights at the same hotel each time, we won't be returning to this place again.  NOLA is full of WONDERFUL service, WONDERFUL people, and WONDERFUL food...just not at Avenue Cafe.  Skip it!
P.S.  I would have given them just 1 star, but since one meal was hot and tasted good, I bumped them to 2 stars.  Still, service isn't worth a return.  Too many choices in NOLA to waste our time at a place like this again.A GEM! Best latte I've ever had. Their coffee is so smooth and creamy. And do yourself a favor and add on a chocolate chip cookie (they'll heat it for you!) and a delicious brownie. In caffeinated bliss right now.Great little spot for cheap quality food. I had a crossant sandwich with organic eggs and it was great.  The coffee was also very good and they had a nice selection of options for milk sugar and natural subsitutes. Definitely go backIf you value your time you will never go here. Coffees took 20 minutes.  We had also ordered bagels. After reminding them.twice we got the bagels over one hour later. One was burned.
Service was not great or even passable as poor. What a waste of time.This place is pretty great. The owner cares about the menu and it really shows. Everything is well thought out and tastes fresh. When was the last time you walked into a coffee shop and ordered an in house roasted chicken sammy that was effing perfect? Probably never. One thing to keep in mind is that good food takes time, so don't walk in expecting them to turn out that perfect chicken sammy in 30seconds.
The coffee is wonderful, and roasted locally, the batistas are the perfect balance of surly and nice, no one is trying to teach anyone else how to gargle esspresso and that green haired woman makes a beautiful latte. 
Oh, and they have a few beers in cans and fresh squeezed oj to make your bro-mosa (if real mimosas arent your thing) to go with that awesome sammy.Really cute coffee shop with good coffee and pastries. Their ginger molasses cookie is to die for! The only downside is that they're a bit overpriced.This place is really nice.  It has all kinds of great foods and pastries.  The atmosphere is awesome and the people that work here are very sweet.  
I'm not going all in with it because the prices are ridiculous!  I mean I have NO problem paying for whatever it is.  But, the issue that I do have is when I feel like I am being COMPLETELY taken advantage of.  
I ordered a large iced mocha.  It was $7.00.  Really?  I was at CC's yesterday and it was $4.00 so why is this place almost double price?   Now, I realize this place is not corporate like CC's but how do you expect to compete?   That's almost twice as much which means, I'm not coming back.  
It's a bummer cuz I really do like this place.Something has changed after being closed for about four months(thanks to ISAAC for damaging their building.)  The coffee is a bit better and the pastry selection much better.  The Vegan Orange roll surprised me the other morning.  It still has that odd mix of tourists and a few locals on the way to work but that's just St. Charles Avenue.  Am I really the first review after reopening?The food wasn't bad, though it wasn't anything to write home about either. The service was terrible, the people were rather rude and it took 35 minutes for an egg wrap which they warned would take 5-10. Do not waste your time or money hereGreat food, great atmosphere. Perfect contrast to a busy weekend. The service was great. Would definitely come back again.I received a response on this review from the owner and I was pleasantly surprised.  She appologized for the service as they are having growing pains.
If we were in town again I might think about giving this a second try.With all the great places to eat in NOLA, this is one to be avoided unless you're just picking up coffee.  Even then, I had to wait for them to brew a pot of coffee when they ran out after serving two other coffees in our party.
The croissant sandwich was served on a stale, cold croissant with hot egg and ham center.  The corn and seafood bisque contained virtually none of their chief ingredients and was served lukewarm.  The turkey panini had a good flavor but was otherwise not memorable.  Skip this place for breakfast, and instead head down Magazine in the Garden District to a phenomenal La boulangerie--a fanstastic French bakery.
One note:  I think this place may have been called the Trolley Stop at one time.Nice folks, good in-house soundtrack, plenty of free reading material plus board games, Wi-Fi, and a TV.
While I can't speak to the taste of the baked goods they didn't look all that appealing - that said, the coffee was excellent and at a good price.  
Seems like a good place to study, hang out with friends, or just to get a cup of chicory coffee - theirs is vastly superior to Cafe Du Monde and the service is more efficient and friendly.The lady and I needed a quick nibble, and a bagel is perfect eating-while-walking food.
Justin Bieber was working the counter with his eight friends...despite there only being one other customer in the cafe.
We wanted a bagel. How much for a bagel? Uhhh....no prices posted. So we tried to conjure up the prices via telepathy. No dice. When we asked how much a bagel was, nasty looks and swallowed giggles preceded the price. Guys, it's a coffee shop. Post your prices or get used to the silly questions. 
Nothing got much better: oddly sliced bagel, freezing cold butter, nasty looks. We were glad to hit the road. 
Accessibility notes: Fully accessible for mobility devices. No braille menu or signage. Not all prices are posted for hard-of-hearing customers.Terrible customer service. I asked for an iced coffee and I was given a hot latte. When I returned it and asked for an iced coffee, since I can't have milk as I am lactose intolerant to somewhat of an extreme, the guy behind the counter looked at me as if I had two heads, shrugged his shoulders, and said "so?" as if to say "not my problem, lady." I will NEVER come back to this cafe again. How does customer service like that even get by in this city? Complete garbage.
EDIT: We were eventually refunded the money for the latte I never ordered and then unceremoniously kicked out of the cafe despite the fact that we were quietly minding our own business. The man, who I can only assume is the manager, actually accosted me in the cafe in front of other customers. He is obviously uninterested in providing exceptional customer service or correcting any mishaps, which is why I continue to emphasize the extreme degree of terrible customer service at this cafe. Save your money and go to CC's, PJ's or HiVolt, all of which serve free trade and responsibly sourced coffees and teas.Perfect neighborhood coffee shop. It has all the good makings of a coffee shop: pastries, plenty of people on laptops getting homework done, more brews of coffee than you could possibly choose from, and good music. They also have an array of bagels, salads, and sandwiches (I'd HIGHLY recommend the caprese).
Hipster vibe meets occasional tourist; this is a great place to get work done, or meet someone for a mimosa.While on visiting this has become my favorite cafe! 
Drop coffee is flavorful and tasty. 
I ordered a whole wheat bagel with cucumber dill cream cheese. I need a barrel of this cream cheese to take home with me!! 
There was ample seating inside and a handful of tables outside. 
The prices were incredibly fair. $5 for a coffee and speciality bagel! Yes please! 
Glad I found this place earlier in my vacation!"I'm a fan"...
With so many choices for local coffee shops, its difficult to stand out.  To me, this place does.
The space is open and clean and easy to navigate.  The menu is great and prices are reasonable.  
FRESH food and juices, no premade crap here.  Pastries are delicious.  I had a maple, bacon, sweet potato biscuit that was like the stuff you read about in food magazines.  
They have recycle AND compost bins.  Theres every kind of sweetener you could want.  Simple syrup, agave, honey, raw, and a slew of artificial ones.  A large selection of milk options too.  
Their hours are convenient. Most local coffee shops in the city aren't open till later, they are open early 6:30am.
This is my go to!The best quiche and chicory coffee I've had so far! The place has a barista feel but it was a quiet gem a few blocks from the French quarter offering all the southern delights but in an elegant fashion.Met some friends. They waited over an hour for a bagel and had to ask five times and were told it would be a minute each time. Avoid at all costs.Quick, delicious coffee (New Orleans style was my fav) 
Had the salmon and cream cheese bagel too, twas a delight :)
Great atmosphere for working on your laptop too!NOT the place for hearty eaters or those who want traditional full breakfast grub, but open your mind and every bite will be yummy.  Ham & red pepper quiche was delicious and the quiche crust was a homemade, savory seasoned masterpiece.  Maple Bacon Sweet Potato Biscuit was delicious and subtle.  Nice place to enjoy a coffee and read. 
Their bakery cases will make your mouth drool with possibilities...Came here with my friend looking for a spot to do some work and have some good coffee. Avenue looked interesting and so we took a chance. They have an extensive list of coffee drinks and bites to eat. I tried the cafe au lait and one of their bagels with the pecan butter spread, and at first, I was given peanut butter, which at first I thought was strange, since I was expecting something else. But I thought maybe this was one of those fancy names where it's disguised as something plain and simple. Well, shock on me, when one of the ladies behind the counter came over to me and confirmed that what I got was actually peanut butter and that the person who prepared my order made a mistake. I laughed it off, and found it nice that she noticed I got the wrong spread. The bagel was nothing to write about or the cafe au lait. But it was still a nice treat in the late afternoon to read a book and have small conversation, with great outdoor seating for when the cool summer breeze decides to drop by. I think next time I'll try one of their juices. Ample seating inside, a little cold though, that's why my friend and I opted for outside seating.This place is solid and consistent. I've been here many times and the experience is always - pleasantly - the same.
Menu - There are a good variety of options on the menu, all seem to be made fresh and are tasty. There is always a nice selection of baked goods too. I like getting a chocolate chip cookie and taking them up on it when they offer to warm it up for me - yum!
Drinks - Both the coffee drinks and the juices are really delicious. Juices are freshly made and I think the sizes are a fair value for the money. I also really like the coffee here - I am forgetting what kind of beans they use, but it is always delicious. 
Seating - Great variety of seating options. Lots of two-tops, a counter along the window that's great for people watching or knocking out some work at. They also have seating outside and a few four-tops too. 
WiFi - This is a great cafe to get some work done at. The WiFi is strong, it's fairly quiet and there is great light.Super super slow morning service despite at least 4 people working. 15 min to get coffee and pastry, which were tasty, so giving them 2 stars instead of 1. Would not go back.Stopped here for some lunch after taking a ride on the trolley. Was NOT impressed at all. Wife ordered a BLT... but we were promptly informed they were "out of tomatoes".... had to have a BLT without the T, so asked about the turkey club. Were then informed that they were out of any and all BREAD. Only option was wrap or bagel. 
I decided to go ahead and try the turkey club, regardless of the lack of tomatoes. Chose the onion bagel for the method of delivery... the turkey was tasteless, the bacon was microwaved, no cheese to speak of and little mayo. My wife also went for the turkey club, but in a wrap. She received 1 slice of turkey and 2 pieces of bacon. Food was BLAND to say the least. About halfway through our "sandwiches" we realized we hadn't been given our chips, and went to inquire about them. No apologies, just looked at us like we were asking for something that wasn't promised on the menu. 
I suppose if you just want to stop in and use their Wi-Fi this might be a good place, but if you want to actually eat something going across the street to the Sub-Way would probably be just as good and a little less $$.I have decided that I really love this place. I'm not sure why they have so many lukewarm reviews, but I believe those are from a while ago. I have been here twice already, once to pick up coffee on my way somewhere and once for a more extended period of time.
The first time, I was in and out pretty quickly but I did notice that not only was the service great, but the music was pleasant and everything was eco friendly as can be. I can't remember the last time (read: ever) that I have seen a COMPOST BIN in this city.
The second time around, I was able to experience it for a longer period of time and also try some of the food. I had a bagel and regretfully was not able to try their more complex lunch fare, but SOME DAY (I'm looking at you, delicious quiche). They have various pastries (sweet and savory), bagels, and sandwiches/salads. The coffee, as far as I know, is locally sourced. 
The music is a mix between classic rock, indie rock, and classic indie rock. So, um, if you prefer easy listening while you work/eat/sip, I guess you're SOL. I personally love it. The ambiance kind of depends on the time of day. It can be tranquil at times, and bustling at others. The clientele is a mix of locals (like me, hey!!) and tourists (fanny packs and confused looks galore!), which is fine if you're not a coffee shop snob.
There is plenty of seating, and lots of outlets for those of us who need a coffee shop environment to do work. The wifi is free and fast. Even at its busiest, I never felt that it was so noisy that it was distracting.
As before, the people that work here are so sweet and nice. Since Avenue Cafe is a measly three blocks from my house, you best believe I will be back again.
BTW, they do take cards and cash, with no card minimum.Awesome food and coffee with friendly staff. Definitely recommend if you're looking for a quick bite and caffeine!Finally a good macchiato in New Orleans.  (And not the 'bucks kind; the real kind.)
Double, ristretto.  As god intended.Best coffee shop in town. The employees are sweet and knowledgeable, fast and efficient. good for a quick cup of joe or a morningWonderful coffee shop (smooth coffee and good scone)! And a great respite in the early mornings to sit and enjoy a cup of coffee and a pastry.I can't say enough good things about this place! Absolutely delicious. The roasted chicken was incredible, bagels super fresh and the croissant sandwich!? Yum!!! Also, the side salad is pefectly dressed. You won't regret it, come on out!New management brings life to this local coffee shop. Great atmosphere and environment. Everyone was very friendly and willing to go out of their way for the customers. 
Everything is fresh and they have a great selection of pastries. Would recommend this cafe to anyone visiting the city.I've now been here three times and today will be my last. Every time I come here the people are extremely unfriendly and/or rude. When I ordered my breakfast and coffee and had questions they just seemed condescending and I wasn't terribly impressed with their coffee either. Won't be coming back. It's a shame bc it's a great location.This is more to do with their customer service than the quality of their food.  Twice, during our week-long stay in NOLA, we stopped here; each time it was just after their opening time of 6:00 a.m., as is posted on the door.
The first time, NOTHING was ready. He hadn't even started coffee.  We were in a hurry so we went somewhere else.  
The next experience was our last morning there and we had some extra time.  We stood outside at 6:10 and they weren't even open!  He was there at the register, counting, and recounting the money, and counting it again (seriously?) then went to the back for something.  He saw us standing out there.  At 6:15, he came to the door and told us it would be another 30 MINUTES before he'd be open.
Well, that blew it.  We ended up going next door to the Trolley Stop and I'm kicking myself for not going there first to begin with! Look for my MUCH more favorable review on them soon.
I guess if you come by for lunch, there's a good chance they'll be open and ready for business by then.  But, if you're in a rush, early in the morning, go next door.  I'll bet their coffee is even better!A great place to pass the time if you need some wifi and coffee. Their lattes are excellent and they have a number of interesting flavors- I recommend their white chocolate. 
There are countless outlets where you can hook up your laptop, and unless it's crammed during lunchtime, you should easily be able to get a seat you like. The windows are huge and it's a lot of fun people watching. They have some comfy chairs in the corner but they're usually taken.
The food is fine. They are not open that late, which is a bummer. The waitstaff I met were extremely friendly.A fine, convenient place to get a warm cup of caffeine and a warm breakfast.  The menu is fairly extensive for a coffee shop - enjoy the bagels and cream cheese very much.  Also try the breakfast bran bread.  Delicious.  Good selection of tea as well.  The staff is very friendly and they offer a place (both indoors and out) to sit, eat, and surf the web.  Local art for sale hangs on the walls and the indoors is sunny and open.Amazingly cute little breakfast place on St. Charles! People are very sweet at the counter and the food is fresh and consistent. I love the fresh squeezed carrot juice!! -they even have mimosas and Irish coffee! The prices are very reasonable too.Stopped in this spot needing a place to kill time for 4 hours. I loved it. My soy latte was delicious, the staff were super friendly and kind and my "make your own sandwich" was delicious. 
I wish I had found it sooner!Restaurant options have been slim for a vegetarian in NOLA.  This casual cafe was wonderful! This little lunch/breakfast place would fit right in in the Northwest. We had the grilled cheese (delish with a nice tang of coarse mustard) and the best Caprese sandwich, I've had to date. The southwest veggie soup was good, but nothing to write home about. We also tried the Samosa which was nice and light tasting with a puff pastry crust... Organic options, soy and almond milk for espresso drinks... Overall delightful!Visiting New Orleans and this was near our hotel. Great sandwiches and lunch. High quality ingredients and was SO happy they have gluten-free bread (and a couple of treats).Delightful cafe with lots of delicious pastries & caffeinated beverages.  Perfect for a quick breakfast.The local hipster/LGBTI cafe. They make some reasonably coffee, when it comes to food it's a little slow. Overall, the atmosphere is bustling and pleasant.Me: I'll have a slice of vegetarian quiche.
Counterperson: That'll be $7.40.
Me: 0_0
What in the name of of egg-and-cheese are these people trying to pull? When I'm ready to pay $7.40 for a slice of quiche, I'll move to San Francisco. Thanks but no thanks.
Epilogue: I got a $4.14 (!!!) spinach croissant instead, which was brought to me at my seat outside with no napkin. My client arrived and started talking, and I was stuck sitting there with greasy fingers the whole damn time. x-(
TL;DR: Prices are too high.This is a nice little cafe with a good vibe.  They have an extensive menu and serve scones and cookies in addition to coffee based beverages.  
The staff is friendly, the place is reasonably clean and the wifi is fast.  I wish the chairs at the tables (Steel patio chairs) were more comfortable. 
I ordered a cafe mocha, prepared well and very tasty.  My friend ordered an Americano with almond milk, she found it deliciousWe were looking for something quick and lite since we were going on a city tour. We both had coffee which was lovely. We also had a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice. My friend ordered a walnut BlackBerry scone which was very tasty. I don't remember what my pastry was called, but 'oh my' was it fla.vor.ful. You could definitely taste herbs and bacon in this formed 'monkey bread' type effect. You can pull off little pieces and enjoy. I would give this place a 5, but service was slow bringing us the pastries and they were not busy.People working here were nice, and granted they were dealing with a Mardi Gras crowd, but this whole operation just seemed kind of half baked. Espresso drinks were good, other than that they had only pastries and 2 bkfst sandwich options, both of which were $6 and the kind of crappy bkfst sandwich you would put together at home.No egg white selections.  I got the granola yogurt, tiny portion, with virtually no yogurt.  The non egg white sandwich, was small.  They were cordial, but unapologetic about the egg whites.  Too pricy for the meager portions.Super fast service, cozy atmosphere, friendly folks. And great coffee! Only wish-for would be a larger space - you're elbow to elbow with the patrons at the next table. Will definitely visit again next time I get home for any length of time!My favorite local place to get coffee and sometimes a quick bite to eat. Relaxed and quiet to study or meet friends at. Haven't had any food that I didn't thoroughly enjoy. Their coffee is strong and of good quality.Excellent cafe au lait! Excellent quiche! Great atmosphere and interior decor! Outside seating was great too! Under a tree with a cool breeze was perfect!I love this place and somehow missed it the first three times I stayed right next door!?!?
My daughter lives here now and tipped me off.  
Everyone's really friendly so the place feels inviting to hang out and do some work while getting the caffeine fix.
The New Orleans iced coffee is fantastic: not too sweet and strong coffee flavor.
We ordered the vegan bagel sandwich and the croissant sandwich as well and they were both terrific too.  So breakfast for two came to $15 before tip and half of the bagel is still here for later!Worst food. Worst owner. Huge attitude. As a local I would never recommend stepping foot in here.I ordered two lattes and they only filled my cups half way with milk. It also took 15 minutes for two drinks! There were 4 people working there and they really had no reason to take so long. Would not recommend it to anyone. Also the two drinks cost me over $10!Caught a quick breakfast here Sun morning. 
Several baked goods / sandwiches / teas and coffees available as well as a fantastic vegan selection. 
I had iced black tea (yum) with a artichoke and cheese brioche along with an apricot puff pastry. Wow! Light, flakey, and fresh. 
Very cool, casual atmosphere.Neat little coffee shop around the corner. The bench in the back have a bunch of plugs and the wifi works. I highly recommend getting their pour overs or French press because they use French Truck coffee for that, which is a lot better than Orleans. It's kind of bright and not that cozy - they could certainly work on their decor but it's the only solid no frills coffee shop I know of on St Charles. Oh yeah and they have a lot of gluten free/vegan pastry options which is always a big plus! 4 stars.This is such a cute little cafe. I had the croissant sandwich and an apple juice. The menu said the juices were fresh squeezed, but I wasn't counting on it. But omg that juice was freakin delicious!!! You could definitely tell it was fresh squeezed. Definitely recommend this place if you're trying to grab a quick breakfastI was in New Orleans for five days on business. I came to Avenue Cafe three of those mornings and really enjoyed the staff, atmosphere, coffee, and proximity to other great places along St. Charles. The staff is kind and knowledgeable and the coffee delicious. I did not have any of their food but it all looked great. I recommend this spot to anyone in the area.Cute, fast, easy and fun.  Only complaint is that my toasted bagel was... Well... Not toasted.  Well, one bite tasted like it was warm and crunchy but the rest of it was not. 
Not a tragedy. 
Coffee served hot.  Peanut butter was fresh.  Place was cozy, but we took ours to go. 
I would recommend this place if you are walking by but I wouldn't cross town to go.  I think most of there business is regulars that live, work or are staying close by on vacation. 
Price was fair.  Place was clean.  Wait was minor.  Onky had one coffee and one bagel with peanut butter. 
And being a bagel snob from new jersey, it really was pretty good.  Just turn up the heat on your toaster oven and this place will be a five star in no time.This cafe was located close to the hotel where I was staying. There is a cool vibe inside the place with people just hanging out or studying. 
       I ordered the turkey sandwich with Fontina cheese and the salad on the side instead of chips. They were both kind of bland and it took a while for the sandwich to be made. There weren't a lot of people waiting for food so not sure what took so long. 
      The sandwich also cost $9 which after staying in New Orleans for a couple of days is not that expensive but then they ask you to leave a tip on the Square checkout screen. I would come here again for convenience but not for taste.Great latte. Smooooooth. Perfect place to mellow and vibe out. Cool spot. Really nice barista too.I dropped in on a slow, rainy Wednesday morning. The cafe is very nice inside and the ambiance is what you'd hope for. I ordered a large coffee and a large juice and left a 20% tip. I spent about 45 minutes catching up on work and the news. There were several other patrons, but the place was mostly empty. 
The reason for the mid level ranking is the customer service. As I was leaving, I asked the woman behind the desk if she would put one inch of hot coffee in my 1/3 full to go cup so it would be hot for the walk. She told me I would have to pay for a new cup of coffee. 
That's not the level of customer service one expects from a place that charges what they do. 
Silver Whistle in the Hotel Ponchartrain has much better customer service and will get my business for the rest of my time in town.I just love this place. It's my spot. Not only do they have outlets everywhere and fast WiFi, but they have pacific foods oat milk to put in my mighty leaf tea. It's perfection. They have tons of baked goods along with a comprehensive savory food menu. I love their câprese sandwich, but their bagels and quiches are great too. They have bottled wine and beer if you're into it. I sometimes am. Definitely make this place your spot but not too much! It's a gem and I don't want it in the spotlight :)The staff here are absolutely so delightful. I love the vegan options here and was blown away by the vegan sandwich on a bagel. My partner also got a vegan smoothie which he thoroughly enjoyed and described as refreshing. I saw that they had some breakfast style cocktails that I wanted to try but will have to wait till next time. The prices are amazing and very much affordable if you're on a budget. The location is right off of the trolly which is also very convenient if you're visiting.Racist and inconsiderate of their customers. Me and my fiance' ordered our food and we understood their was no indoor dining so we stood in the restaurant to wait for our food to be done. After ordering our food the cashier told us to wait outside and they will bring our food too us which makes no sense because it was a to go order. The restaurant was completely empty and spacious and warm. Mind you it was atleast 40 degrees outside and it was freezing and my fiancé is anemic. Another person not of color behind us only had a coffee and wasn't told to wait outside for his coffee. It was Infuritating, will never step foot in here again. The chai was decent though.Fine. Eating crow and upping the stars on this review. 
After a management change, an ownership change, and a complete staff turn-over, Avenue Cafe is looking up. Prices are now posted; the case of baked goods has expanded dramatically; and the tea selection is much wider. 
The customer base for Avenue Cafe is sort of weird, because it's in a really touristy area of St. Charles Ave (sorry, it's called the "hospitality corridor") that also has a huge residential population lurking just behind the hotels and restaurants. There is a parade of tourists looking peckish and/or under-caffeinated trickling in with confused looks and pristine athletic socks while social entrepreneur types (ya'll know what I'm talking about: snappy dressers with energy that's through the roof and the newest computer, smart phone, and headphones making 18 million contacts a day) hover quietly near outlets. The atmosphere is usually quietly jovial, although the afternoon/evening workers have much better taste in music. 
As long as cups of tea are large and plentiful, I'll keep popping around the corner for a little pick-me-up on boring days. 
Accessibility notes: Fully accessible for mobility devices. Door opens in. Low counter but high cases. No braille menu or signage. Not all prices are posted for hard-of-hearing customers.Great coffee, I had the French  press, and great pastries. I also had the vegetable bagel which was yummy.This place is amazing! The service here is extremely friendly and the food is phenomenal and fresh. Really no other place like it. Great for studying, working, or just getting meal! Avenue Cafe is a one stop shop. Also with all the dogs around, it is such a nice place to pet them! Best Cafe on Saint Charles!!!Espresso has an unpleasant sour taste. I could not finish it. First time I ever threw an espresso away! Too bad because the place has a great St. Charles location and decent eye appeal. Their pastries are brought in but look good.Love their lattes, food, and people!  I've been going here for over a year now and haven't had a problem. Food is lighter than a meal, but very tasty. Croissants are greatLove this spot! Super convenient location and a really great menu! Service is always cheerfulIf you're anywhere near the Garden then this is a must. To me, the benchmark for a bakery is the quality of the croissant. In this case, Avenue Cafe gets a top rating.Currently offering outdoor seating which we took advantage of, wait in line did not bother but a little lack of communication when ordering and waiting for my order. Other than that, food is great!Awesome cortado to go. Awesome maple bacon sweet potato biscuit. Awesome service, prices, and location.The Avenue Cafe is a cute little coffee shop on St. Charles "Avenue" with a New Orleans style organic flare to it. They serve the usual coffee, bagel, and scone combinations seen at usual coffee shops, BUT they also cater to the tastes of people who love improving their personal health! I once ordered a cinnamon bagel with vegetable cream cheese and the cashier judged me... She thought it was a weird combination. I thought it tasted great... But I digress. Anyway, bring your laptop, iPad, kindle, or a regular book because there's a ton of space for studying and such. They have free wifi too which is a must have at any coffee shop these days.Walked in and the place reeked of bleach. Like I've been to public pools with less chlorine in the air. My wife and I ordered our drinks and the cashier was immediately off-putting when I ordered a large americano by explaining up front their Americano only had two shots of espresso. It was odd. Like people had been complaining. I think a better tact would be to offer an extra shot up-sell "would you like two or three shots of espresso?"
The pastry counter was ravaged. I get that the morning is prime time but we hit them in the early afternoon and they are open til 8. 
The beverage was tasty and I like the fact they have milk alternatives for cream-like adds.
However, we couldn't stay in the cafe as the bleach was making us nauseous.I'm a local, and I come here often. It's a nice atmosphere to work and get a bite to eat, and the staff are always friendly. 
It can take around 10 mins for your food to come out, but that's because they're heating it in an oven instead of in the microwave. (Tip: if you're in a hurry, they accept call ahead orders.) I *love* their quiche, it's the best in NOLA - better than La Boulangerie's. Other favorites include the smoked salmon bagel and their New Orleans iced coffee.